And yes, they used to be citizens of the Byzantine Empire if that's what you meant.
So romantic
With vdsl* you will get ~50 down ~5 up for 30-35 euro and you get obligatory minutes on your land-line to justify the price
The arrival of the refugees really shook the foundations of modern Greece, causing it to change irrevocably to what it is today
Alternatively you can speak Danish and you'll get the same reactions
I would just love not being poor
\- Georgios Papadopoulos (leader of the Junta Regime, 1967-1974)
looks like a bridge to the afterlife
So if I learn Norwegian I would be able to understand all Scandinavian languages
where are we
Looks shoped
mostly playing football
I would say the opposite happens, meaning parents trying to keep their kids at home for as long as they can
It's just not the same
The things worth visiting in Athens are almost all of historic and archaelogical value
Guns, weed and alcohol
And it's not like I trust our own media, I know they are corrupt
I thought you meant Enkelados is interchangeable with the word seismos, which as far as I know does not happen in any context
Still, there are so many different methods.
But I know some immigrants who live here for many years and they are generally fine here
>The guide told us to be very careful in that town because the rate of pickpocketing is extremely high
>Sounds like something a Greek would make up
&#x200B;
i expected from the conservatives in greece to vote yes because these people have 0 dignity and only exist to ruin things but i didnt expect it from the center left
I wouldn't call a period in which many people suddenly found themselves with more money than they were used to (or than they could imagine) as 'golden'. The 80s were surely a period of prosperity for Greek people (ασχέτως αν τώρα πληρώνουμε τα σπασμένα, κυριολεκτικά και μεταφορικά), it also opened up education to the vast majority of the population, but, as per your description, just partying and not investing, making research, being creative or excelling intellectually ... what kind of golden is that
Cyprus
I solely use it in recipes
No, I'm not a communist, it's just awesome
guys he is not a communist as you want to describe him
For anyone interested:
Last time I checked they are buying some anti-aircraft system and some aircrafts (F-35?) that suits them for combat in the aegean, perhaps they are trying to get the on good side of Russia so they don't invade them if they try to invade Greece.
We love you too bros(as long as you are in our side in ww3)
That's a good question
But but but but what about those 5 guys that broke a shop window, that should be in the headlines
it doesn't. Obviously climate change is real, but this map doesn't prove anything
Unfortunately we have it,  but I haven't heard about him since a long time ago
That translates to "the Greeks". Would be E-li-nes
Did you like it
I don't dislike him that much, but calling him "great reformer"...
>Griechischer Wein
Papadopoulos(or Papadopoulou for women) is the most polular surname here.
Absolutely
Nice lets go and gather some gold
Wow that's cheap
That's serious shit
So we go to the rescue
Extremists
Arts were completely redefined (music, poetry, literature, theater) with many of the sounds we still hear today stem from the creations of the refugees
Definitely a really defining period
They argue that the magnitute of the change is not as apocalyptic as others portait it.
Anyway, the ancient Greeks used to associate this irrational fear that we call a panic attack today with the God Pan, and therefore we have the word "Panic".
Do they share the same religion with us?
It's really interesting
i remember an old movie where the students cheats on their finals exams (I think it was ροδα τσαντα και κοπανα) and the teacher asks a student "what's that on your desk" and she replies "σκονακι για τα δοντια μου" and then she opens it and it's actually filled with powder . That's the one time i have seen it used literally
The turkish-cypriots also responded with paramilitias of their own
I wish you to be able to enjoy milk again !
When a Russian satellite is more progressive than your country
It must have been oenomelo (wine with honey)
Central
Many illegal immigrants or criminals in general very often raid farms and houses.
For example 130
Also, when i just asked what i wanted in french, everyone assumed i understood french well enough and spoke glouglouglou super fast, which left me looking at them like an idiot
Well I am usually freezing during the 10C winter
For context: The Greek word for "elevator" is "ασανσέρ" which is basically a phonetic transcription of French "ascenseur"
At least here in America I have yet to go on a hiking trail that offers lifts
Hellexit would be also a fun name for Greece.
Then we have "Δε μου καίγεται καρφί" (De mu k**e**gete karf**i**), which I have trouble translating, if we were to go for a word to word translation it'd be something along the lines of "I don't have any nail that's burning"/"No nail burns for me". Not as common
Loool
Greece is the opposite end of that for example, where the phrases we use reflect our inability to "filter" speech, "saying it as it is" so to speak
Last I checked, Ελληνική Δημοκρατία doesn't look like anything to most people
Something I've always found rather perplexing is that often the commute exhausts me more than actual work
Greece is too far away from most of europe and sadly too insignificant financially to justify such an investment, especially for passenger trains
lol
My point is that appropriateness and such superficial societal standards are things societies should be leaving in the past, not enforcing
The red tape will follow you, the way of the system works, the mentality (with couple differences), the land
Most likely something just to look nice
Even the smaller one
Απο αποψη του τι διδασκουνε, ειναι ολοι διαφορες παραλλαγες του προτεσταντισμού αλλά η καθεμια εχει τα δικά της χαρακτηριστικα. Ο φιλος εκει πχ ειναι μουσουλμανος αλλα μου ελεγε σκεφτεται να γραφτει σε μια εκκλησια γιατι εχει καλο γυμναστηριο και γηπεδα τενις κοντα του. Γενικα πολλη απο την υποδομη του κρατους την κανουνε οι εκκλησιες (αφου το κρατος ειδικα στο τεξας ειναι ανυπαρκτο)
She shouldn't stand for a fourth term
what's up with crete
*with approval of Greece and Turkey*
I believe a Rory concert took place back in the day in Athens 1981.
α ρε Παύλο, θα πληρώσουν.
Do they watch it dubbed or subbed
Even in the meme subreddits I don't know what half of the things they're referring to mean and why I should find them funny
Ματάκια, αφτάκια, στόμα και μυτούλα
This is one the most impressive and beautiful places I've seen in a long time here
Having lived in many different places, this is the one that I found Southern Europe is much more "humane" than the rest : cheap rents
It used to be a lot more free-wheeling, though
Yes, over 500,000 Greeks moved to Italian mainland after the invasion, bringing with them vast wealths of knowledge and literature .
I think is due the term being used for shepherds.
The equivilant to an English "H" is "X" in Greek, and we pronaunce it "Chi" as in "Hill" (not Chile)
It is also spending billions of euros to run cables to all its inhabited islands in order to shut down the oil powered generators that currently supply them with electricity
*LARSA*
It was the funniest shit ever
No Ludvig von Mises,  Friedrich August von Hayek ?
But that would take us waay back economically anyway so it is pointless
Ή Σελήνη or Το φεγγάρι: female and neutral
which sounds like "ekanes tin tricha trichia" accents where you see them
It looks beautiful, I'm definitely making this
Spain: To us you are like Italy but a little weirder
Maybe in the future if more countries become better and get accepted we could avoid conflict in the Balkans
Maybe I should try it one day
Here, if you go back 3 - 4 decades women had housekeeping lessons
>day with like 1 or 2 exceptions for thr whole summer
That's the case in Greece as well
If you want to know the specifics you should probably look at the [European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights] and its publications, like this [Handbook on European non-discrimination law.]
I am wondering what were the criteria for putting each country into a specific region
Ιs there a lofi war and i dont know ?
But they never even *explain* the proper structure of an assignment
by far
Mole=τυφλοπόντικας(tyflopóntikas) blind mouse
On a long enough timeline the survival rate for everything is zero
Aren't they worried about having to cut down their income?
Firstly Ioannis metaxas is by many regarded as a hero because he denied Grazzi his ultimatum thus beginning the Greco-italian war
What I know is that they got elected.
I think the pictures speak on their own
but originaly i am from Heraklion (from hercules)
tell the man to relax Trump will get him self impeached in the next couple of months the way he's going.
You obviously have no idea what you are talking about
Plus I think that  there was a conflict over a dog
How is he far right
It was just one of the factors that contributed to the defeat of Nazi Germany and a surprising turn of events at the time, but certainly nothing that single-handedly changed the course of the war.
Definitely not a luxury brand . Nowadays an affordable to a little pricey, depending on some items, brand
The same liberalism that is being practised by the Democratic Party in the US or the Liberal Party in Canada.
No houses or any other modern-ish looking building
Everyone thought that the twin Greece - Cyprus was exaggerating when asking for sanctions
I find that many american actors have hilarious accents when it comes to speaking other languages, moreso than other nationalities, especially when they speak spanish
Sometimes I wonder if some people read the articles...
"The situation of the Greek banks has improved noticeably and substantially in the last two years, both in terms of capital adequacy and in terms of governance" - ECB supervisory board chairwoman Danièle Nouy
Oh and don't get me wrong I love how expressive your dialect is, compared to standard Greek
Multicultural empires have been the norm for centuries
Modern Greece (19th century until today) : Mini, caller id, BlackBerry
Lukman's murder is not a maybe
This mindset never faded, as we were pulled into modernity by western powers, instead of naturally evolving in it
Yeah and it's the 5th (technically 6th) largest city in Greece
I don't really disagree with most of what you say but a lot of these things indicate EU weakness too.
There were people in the US who thought since my cousin had black hair, he must be Muslim
10\^9 = δυσεκατομμύρια
Plus you know no separation of church and state
mission accomplished i guess, its time to come out of his cage.
That's awesome stuff
Hey, we are laughing stock too.
Everything is extremely expensive for absolute no reason
So yeah, they are actually neighborhood pets
in Greece it's not very common but when someone rats you out you tell them "the Germans are our friends right
In Greek language it's "έτοιμος η όχι, έρχομαι"
Germany
Me when my KDR is above 5 in Call of Duty
Some times anti-Americanism in this sub makes no sense.
Nothing about how the country was unstable before the coup d'état, the details, the junta's economic policy or even the facts I just mentioned
I could've sworn you guys wanted to eradicate communism to install democracy
They were sold by a non-Greek people who had nothing to do with Greek history
No, Greek is used by around 100% of the people.
Greece in general
So, us Greeks, honor this day by throwing a cross in the sea/lake/river and believers race to retrieve it
We're not at war with Russia, the US and the Germans are thinking about it.
But what's the point saying that when we didn't have a choice
It depends on what part of the country you're talking about
What happened
And you consider yourself the average typical Pole?
Turkey is a joke today
Greeks can check and tell me if I need to change anything
Trump was shouting at reporters saying the absolute same words over and over again for the majority of that meeting, while Mitsotakis spoke for a handful of minutes and spoke with a better vocabulary and better linguistic cohesion than the President of the United States
You should add Cyprus, looks good otherwise
Footing isn't really used here ( as far as I know) and meeting may refer to a formal appointment in general like in business convention not just for political stuff
But people are individually highly incentivized to 'play' and thus it's very difficult to stop
Also a life hack video on yt had a greek supermarket in the background
Anyway, I met an old man who wanted me to try his chestnut jam, infused with honey
Milk substitute and artificial fruit flavours?
the ones i see the most are German Romanian Albanian and Bulgarian
Having worked on the bars and cafes during the summer, I know that .
Northen Cyprus
If you say that Cypriots are Greek, then you must say that Austrians are Germans.
most of our delegation is not listed in the vote for some reason
Guardian may or may not have mistranslated the interview, but the truth of the matter remains that Assange has targeted Clinton exclusively.
Yea some do some don't, about things like rabbits and ducks
But I also am not sure what op means by important, like if they mean by political importance rn or the historical aspect
I would say only the old people who lived through it
He also shouted Allahu Akbar of you listen carefully.
Edit: Formating
And [here's a video] of what we think anc
i know her view might be seen as offensive but it's cool to see the mind of an old conservative Cretan Greek lady who only believes what facebook tells her
Oh boi that's a question with an neverending answer but to keep things shorts
Natürlich Herr Alcobob, I wouldn't dream of attempting humor without the necessary paperwork
It's a stretch to say that there is absolutely no non-European descent in any nation.
The best they can do is keep occupied a part of the police force for a few hours
You've got the "Classico" (which I picked) that focuses a lot more on latin and literature compared to others, and it also has mandatory classes for ancient greek (both language and literature
That's not really true
Then we have a really bad marketing
It happened while the minoan civilization was a thing and it's debated to be the reason for it's downfall
With populism as the common ground, everything is possible.
Generally you won't be disallowed from using foreign words (as long as you don't abuse them)
It started with an explanation about how Alexander the Great was actually Macedonian not Greek (?) and then went into an exhibit about how Gotse Delchev was an "ethnic Macedonian" who had no connection to Bulgaria or Bulgarians (who are basically never mentioned once in the whole museum)
We still have yet to reach 100 years since the country took its definite form
Im just commenting on how confirmed cases alone are a bad way to measure these things
From my experience, people in the islands are much more open-hearted than Athenians (of course that's a generalisation)
The only possible candidate is Thessaloniki but it's too far north , anything other than Athens doesn't make much sense economically, geographically and even Strategically
Oddly enough, I was raised in Athens.
I was not even referring to the economic crisis exclusively
+1 for entehno
Everything is black, due to the volcano
Something else that I would add is coca-cola and jeep
Can't really explain it but if you look at a German and a Greek aide by side you too would be able to tell them apart
It looks really good though
Αη ντόουντ νειντ γιορ λακ
"The demon" might be the most appropriate nickname for this year
After that, I'd have to speak either english or french
Man I will always remember this song XD
Lot's of beautiful places to visit
But right now Athens is the best choice , because Athens ( not the municipality of Athens , the boarder  area\_)is the richest are of Greece and it has the most businesses, cultural activities like theaters  also sports ,music festivals and  technological businesses etc and is   the city with most population and it is easily accessible from al the mainland Greece
The Parthenon is the best symbol of Greek culture, no Albanian ever did anything to save it.
Misery, cynicism and pessimism are afluent in this country.
EU girl lives in our hearts
For example we have democracy , freedom of speech etc so I feel more alligned with other European countries (when it comes to that\_ rather than with some Middle Eastern countries ( even thought there some democratic countries there, I think that based on what I have read Isreal is the most democratic country there)  But Yeah I also identify with East Med , but even more with Southern Europe, because I have observed that we also have similarities with some Souther European countries  in terms of culture climate, family,attitude etc
I only mildly enjoy pastichio and the last time I had gyros was about a year ago because it's extremely rare and expensive in Cambridgeshire :(
Dont let Erdogans propaganda get to you, they say anything these days
Greece and Cyprus
Also the amount that was cut was likely the interest, I doubt the initial loan was cut.
Everything was done in a typical Greek style
After all, phrases are quite reflective of how a society works
Most of the people who voted for them were voting for them as a punishment for the previous government, that was the motto that they used mostly in their early campaigns "We will punish those politicians who wronged you" once they got voted and showed their true neo nazi colors then this latest election they got almost no votes and got kicked out of the parliament
Backgammon
Golden dawn, a Greek far right party, didnt get enough votes to get in the parliament (thank god)
Alternate non-paywalled source:
drinking culture is one thing, making yourself like this is another
Things like airplanes( I think they are already to some extent), train and rail systems and ships who travel throughout Europe
This, and the Germans also had a hard time in Crete, dudes would literally butcher them as soon as they touched the ground (probably another reason the Germans were late to the Eastern front)
Some "United Makedonija" banners didn't help much either.
I was joking about the Venice part, all Italians are the same to us and there are no grudges
Thanks to Brexit and Orban we are no longer the most embarrassing EU country anymore but Greece is still a hot mess and it's still doubtful if we will ever recover from the 2008 crisis
Also the bus system in Thessaloniki (my fellow Greeks you know the pain of ΟΑΣΘ)
Very surprised to find out it is the second largest city by population in the UK
There's so much more to say about the Refugee Crisis of 1923 and onward, and I think that Greece would not be the same country it is today without these people
Thanks I'll probably go through there since I am going by car are there any places you recommend in Sofia
But for others, it took longer than that
The Czech Republic
That's definitely a close second
If a group can pay money to influence a campaign or a politician it is pretty much bribery
Year 9: Arrian - Alexander's Ascendency (History of Alexander the Great) - translated
Eh, even with our economic woes our economy is about equal as yours (Scotland), per capita.
Europe is like the most psycho girlfriend ever.
Hey
Those are not good quslities alone, but they are a bonus in a proper enviroment.
The Illyrian history is all about being defeated by the Greeks and Romans lmao
Preveza: They like sardine
>And you should know this unless you are not living in Greece
Aren't the guys in the picture Turkish?
I'm stunned
Greek Lefkosia
hedgehog (σκαντζόχοιρος) = thorned pig
I lived in the Netherlands for 2 years
31 is triáda-éna
You'd be really impressed by how many of these words are Greek
TGIF and Ruby Tuesday's chains also came and went at some point
Yeah islands are perfect for a holiday, and Athens is good too, but if you live there all your life, it's easier to notice the negatives :p
However most people know only the most famous states (like New York, Alaska, Hawaii, California, Florida, Texas)
Culture is the same except instead of tea we drink more raki and wine.
Also you can buy out your service when you are 33 for around 7000€.
Yooooo there will be a military parade tomorrow
This is just a popular term for the security batallions of the 1940s.
For example, VAT is 24% on almost everything
What's the situation with Organ calling all these emergency powers with no plans to give them back
Obviously Turkey, they are kinda threatening us on the regular because our EEZ is made to include every single island we took back from them and they don't like that, I can see why
But you tell me that it's not expected of me to constantly ask for receipts and judge me at the same time for not paying taxes.
There is an uncertainty, but there are definite things that will happen in the short run (EU funds will diminish, tariffs will rise, pound will drop), measures that can be applied to alleviate the pain (rationalization of expenses, cutting down on social spending, reduce workers rights and taxation to attract businesses).
The electorate was misinformed and played
Thessaloniki, only to a small extend since their unofficial motto is Χαλαρά/ Chill
It's anti democratic because, like it or not, the bigger and stronger countries have a bigger say that smaller ones
Especially when it was the only plane that passed through a warzone with an active notam in place while the rest of the traffic was passing through south Ukraine mh17 decide in order to save fuel to file a travel plan directly above an active warzone..
they were born in Europe and they are majority in some parts of Europe.
Ok,some people hate Jews but not that many,we usually just make fun of them if we refer to them.
In Greece itself δισεκατομμύριο is translated to billion and corresponds to the order of nine zeroes
Sounds tasty
If it makes you feel any better, the view from my flat is a wall.
And the Germans taste different depending on the part of the country
You are forgetting Greeks
I have been all over Turkey except the south east
In Northern Greece people might identify more to the region where they come from and then as Greeks
And people who have the money usually prefer private clinics.
Also majority of people live Athens
Since when are political parties characterised by some of the nutters who vote for them?
Switzerland, just for the chaos of the lost money of pretty much everyone rich enough in this continent
I usually go:
Χίλια - ένα
I am not sure whether Alex Jones is a lunatic or just pretending to be one.
I think that, in the cities, most neighbours have a typical "just nod and smile" relationship, but I personally prefer to avoid any kind of contact lol
I don't understand how those two are connected in your mind
You are right
So basically "ruuul"
Personally, I'm not butthurt about the Brits having them, but it wasn't the Greeks who sold them.
Belarus was a soviet republic, not a country per se back then.
What is it with Greeks hating everything
Invest in Greek pharmaceuticals today.
We don't really have long place names, the longest I can think of right now is Αιτωλοακαρνανία [etoloakaɾnaˈnia] at 15 letters
I'm from Crete so the first trip that was memorable to me was in middle school when we took the overnight ship and went to Athens to do what every tourist does in Athens eg go to the Parthenon, the museum of acropolis etc needless to say we had a blast
It is definitely man made
We had many wars/conflicts with them and our people are constantly fighting with each other
lol I'm going to delete my comment because you're so stupid that you think that I implied that committing genocide is a kind of strength.
I'm from a village in Northern Greece, close to the North Macedonia border (Aridaia, a town near Edessa)
Having Greek blood isn't the same as being Greek.
This looks like something out of a fantasy film
first from Greece
Also it is part of the culture
Great idea, *annex Italy, Magna Grecia confirmed.*
Hippopotamus=Ιπποπόταμος (Hippopótamos) River horse
gr article about the idiomatic uses the absurdity of that name has produced
We sometimes call the Turks Uruk Hai :)
As far as I know it was a politcal decision, I don't know if there was a big push
well aside from the balkans not that often
Turks shooting down a Greek Cypriot for trying to take down a Turkish Flag.
One of the most beautiful bridges out there imho
Dutch is like german but with weirder spelling.
Angela, learn that from high up here you are like a vision splattered on the ground
I'm from Thessaloniki, northern Greece , and during mid July up until late August the temps are 38+. The wind doesnt really help in my experience
So romantic
Of course, I have seen it many many times from afar when driving, but never actually been there
I have also a Dehumidifier to mentain a humidity around 50%
\- Πάπαρι (papari)=doesn't mean anything, but put the emphasis on the 2nd syllable and, voilà, 'a bollock'
Everyone had em
The difference is that Greece is independent since 1827 while Estonia since 1989 (correct me if I'm wrong).
Yup a lot of them returned after the collapse and had some favourable laws voted for them e.g reduced military service, cheap property in northern greece..
maybe it’s just because i’m not religious
[a news story in greek]
Those who just follow the club at any sport ("Today is football day, let's go".
Κεφάλι, ώμοι, γόνατα και δάχτυλα
Islandic Greek evolved independently on each island
At least she was kind enough to unlock one that is intended for handicapped people
Well we are so awful in football in the last years so it's not like we will even take part there anyway so
Literally all the residential buildings
But I may not remember everything correctly about that last thing
o Ílios (masculine) and i Selíni (feminine) in modern Greek :)
Plus many are surprised to find out that we do have winter with minus temperatures and snow
I played a game about this called my child lebensborn, it was about a Norwegian man adopting a kid that had German nationality (propably through rape)
One of my favorite restaurants i've ever eaten at actually has been a German cuisine restaurant here in Greece (tho it was run by a greek couple who used to live in Germany so not sure if they changed things up at all with their recipes) but i loved it
And now it isn't probably
this happens for sure
Summer hits us hard at 40 degrees and I generally don't have money for air conditioning
) and proceeded to give the entire lecture in Greek
> The new rector, Melih Bulu, has a record of plagiarism  on his phd thesis
Thats hardly a killing spree,is it
So my answer is, I can, but with difficulty.
Even though I've been speaking Greek for 20ish years, it still fascinates me to learn stuff like this
stupid kaffir and their stupid kaffir rules
Her income is okay for a pensioner in Greece and she owns the house she lives in, you'd think she would be good to go
yeah tbh it was surprising for me to see in the comments that other orthodox countries celebrate it in january 7
Giraffe=Καμηλοπάρδαλη (Kamilopárdali) spotted camel
From what I've heard, their Greek course is also great (and it's complete Greek, not just an introduction)
Pickpockets are a thing in the centre, but assault is not really an issue in most areas
I don't think that they serve doner in a pita with tzatziki either.
It could go both ways in Greece
But he **did** resist and that was a good thing **despite him being a dictator** since it contributed to the allied victory.
at school they have some old Dell computers with windows XP and everyone just plays Friv on them even though they can barely run it
Coming from the left/centre-left wing then-ruling PASOK party, he was a prominent minister and almost became prime minister in 1996
Amazingly, both of these jokes exist here too, only with altered nationalities: on the first plane the Greek throws out the Albanian (can't remember the others);  on the 2nd, it's the American, the French, and again an Albanian instead of the Turk
The goal should be to make accommodation affordable, not just offer more accommodation in the same more or less price
If you ask me now, in my forties, I think that we are the weird ones (and every other nation that does the same)
It's far better to have a bunch of countries not talking to each other than actually going to war.
My thoughts exactly
Also for some reason Χριστίνα is normally spelled with an iota, but some will spell it with an eta
The more i use this subreddit the more i come to the conclusion that continental Europeans have zero understanding of what conservatism (as it is used in the Anglosphere ) really is.
We do that in Greece too but it doesn't seem to work, we'll there is of course a lot of black labor because taxes for employees are ridiculous
if you want the whole picture ofcourse you should add those too
I’m from Heraklion (Crete) and lived there till I was 14, and I also remember classes always being over 25 kids, closing in (and even reaching) 30 at times
Nevertheless, don't we consider Obama on of the best they had in many years?
It's not uncommon for parents to just drop off their kids and pick them later, but since they all often become sort of friends due to their kids they usually enjoy the company
That's most of Europe except Germanic and Scandinavian countries to be honest
Χαμός από τον κόσμο.
You can say that they mishandled the crisis but no one can accuse them for corruption or making the crisis.
no as far as i know our military police is only used in military bases and on border checkpoints
I did not write "We are to blame for everything about the crisis, and the poor EU did nothing wrong", which is what your understood
When it came to Turkey a Cypriot colleague of ours expressed the opinion that she could never ever see a Turkish person this way, possibly never even as a friend
I just hate the beach and heat in general
It ruins it
Female: Evelina, Justina, Emilia, Tatiana & Aušrinė
Montenegro and serbia
μέντωρ or μέντωρας  (méntor(as)) or in English, the mentor
Next 50 years better bring us teleportation, warp speed and healthy junk food.
His lyrics and his message are giving us hope and a fighting spirit in these very dark times
This caused a domino effect with new cases seeing the light of day almost daily from sports, tv, theatre etc, both sexes too
We've been kinda chill with Bulgaria but we sort of went to war twice in the 1900s I guess
That's ideal tbh
There is a word to describe any feeling or idea
Crazy that he is basically "ELI5-ing" the basic concept of freedom of speech, in 2020
Definately not
Lol
In basketball, though, I'm with us !
There's more to my country than ancient stuff and islands
People had built illegal fences for their homes which made getting to the beach like a maze and the people in the fires couldn't get out in time
As another comment said, Berlin felt
For example I read there that they won 33 million in 2018, which is a lot for a fast food restaurant in Greece, There are a few who win so much like Goody's, Pizza Fan etc
• "Giorgos, come here" would be "**Γιώργο,** έλα εδώ" (Vocative)
My mistake
Why do you think we have dem ceilings?
I don't have a problem with him keeping it as long as he declares that macedonia is in fact in greece, and not the name of some slav country that speaks bulgarian
The success of the Scandinavian centre-left is artificial.
Not to mention the bureaucratic nightmare that is accompanied with doing pretty much *anything* here turns investors away.
They also have just started talking about the dictator in Belarus winning the elections and how Putin congratulates him, so that's the 'news' from Belarus for the day
A Slavic dialect consisting of N. Macedonian, Bulgarian, Serbian characteristics
I see what you did there
Spanish, Mandarin, Arabic
Why would the Orthodox in you be angry?
BTW In which State do you live
Have some pride in yourselves people
Snow itself is hardly a common thing in my country
Double headed Eagle is strong in my orthodox countries due to the Byzantine legacy.
Didn't knew it existed, but now that I've seen photos of it, I don't think I'll be able to forget it
Ioannis Kapodistrias was the first Governor of Greece after the Liberation from the Ottomans
I am afraid it's the same way in Greece as well
I believe that the government or the authorities may protect a right but they don't give it
- 10^12 = trisekatommýrio (Three times 10^(6))
If so, then lucky smogfree penthouse owners.
i'm not entirely sure but from what i gather it has been changed 4 times democraticaly (one of them being a very big change) and 2 times by a dictator
In Greece too
It's 50/50
If you eat it, it's going to be a 24h a day snack
Whatever you said
This decision was in accordance of the memorandum.
The Dong is **stronk**
"Your ideal city is south-west, within walking distance from your house."
I bet the Greek is sleeping back there :p
All buildings are grey ugly boxes, newer ones often have short ceilings so they can fit more floors to sell
If you ever find yourself in Athens, send me a message and I'll tell you where to go for a really nice glass of cold coffee
if your last name ends in -akis it means that you're from Crete and if it ends in -atos it means that you're from either Kephalonia or the Ionian islands i'm not sure
We have so many car accidents we lose the amount of people the equivalent of a town, every year
"- whereas no one dares to speak about Exarchia on the news :(
yeah so they could control us have us as puppet states, not because they were sad about our nations
I was born and raised in Germany and people are most of the time ignorant of the modern time Germany
[I] run for to stop [them], but fighting so intensely, that [I] end up with scratches everywhere
Turkey needs Europe more than we need them, they even asked Merkel for money recenthly and even most of their imports comes from us, truthfully they are more or less all talk no action.
(Greece)
Neither EU nor Nato are reacting and the German policies are rewarding Turkey instead of helping Greece defend its borders
US must face the music as they cannot extract resources from the rest of the world as before
I've usually had it with fries, but some just add extra rice
Based on my calculations, if Greece is 50 years behind the civilised world and you guys are doing it now, by the 2070s Athens will have a river
The Parliament
(Crete) Guns
Yeh and Varoufakis was prepared to, he had a nice million euros hidden under his bed and a nice book deal waiting.
And I think it's called Backgammon in english
Since our main industry is tourism (you can imagine how well the pandemic is going for us), it's not a lie to say that most of our country can be viewed as a tourist trap, if you visit the most common places
I wonder what the opposite side would look like
Me as a greek: what's that heatwave everyone is talking about
These sound beautiful
In completely unrelated tragic news, the death rate of registered organ donors in Spain has increased by 12% from 2015.
in Greek giving Greek accents rarely happens unless it's "country accent" where they're given islander accents or Cretan accent , meybe even Cypriot
[Police (MAT) violence aimed at unarmed woman] during the 17th of the month which is a national holiday for the [Athens Polytechnic uprising]
Oh yea and my other grandparents were part of the population exchange with Turkey
Well, if NATO doesn't put a leash on the Turks we should take measures, shouldn't we?
The loading and unloading of luggage is handled by the airport personnel, so if your flight happened recently, you most likely have to blame fraport
The EU is not built on conquest and slavery like the Roman Empire
It is used in religious rankings for the one who is in charge of a monastery.
My mom is kind of like that
Literally ALL of Monastiraki Market, it's filled with tacky tourist shops with overpriced poor quality tourist crap about the Acropolis and the ancient greek world and poorly pressed T-Shirts with cringy Greek stereotypical one liners which are probably gonna fade after a few times in the washing machine, not to mention the huge amount of pick pockets in the square and the narrow roads
You go straight to the military
Was hoping for trains with masts and sails.
Maybe an equivalent of Uber
I don't think we realize that we all are pretty much the same.
It's a sister nation to Greece
[ (I put this just because I like the statue)
The ancient Greek line as well
I didn't imply that I'm not aware of that
When people realise this it will be the end of EU
I could try to use google translate if it is in Belarussian
Absolutely not
We are capable of handling a health crisis
This is when basically almost everything you know about ancient greece happened and influenced mankind ever since
His accent doesn't sound Slavic
So as I understand, you mostly hate the idea of milk and not the milk itself
that would be best way to both cut millitary expensives AND upgrade our army whith new personel and weapons
My parents are Greeks of Pontic descent, and as a result are fluent in Russian (their families first fled into the USSR before going to Greece)
The time thing
News is getting weirder by the day...
Spanish: Gracias
when I did a questionnaire about which european country fits someone the most my result was Norway
Ans because we don’t want to fight each other on whose musical instrument represents the country, we leave it as it is :)
It would save tonnes of carbon from being released, not to mention the millions of euro we would save
Quite different
Start with Cyclades islands
I'd never pretend that advice given to help you move around Greece would apply to moving around Sweden for example
Balkans stronk
In Greece, when I was going to school, people were telling that if you don't study, you will end up a garbage man
We don't kill anyone
Nai auto na doume sth roumania pou eixa paei eixe is grhgorh
We also have "Δε δίνω δεκάρα" (De d**i**no dek**a**ra), "I don't give a dime". Again, mostly used by older people
not a pop aficionado but I devour music, so
What is the solution when someone owes money ?
Abortion and other methods are available for mitigation of the circumstances you described.
I think younger generations can actually cook better than their parents
Really
Flew out on the morning of december 24, 2018
Starting from our ancient history, I'd say its something like:
Except for supermarkets, I was struggling to find anything accepting credit/debit cards
etc
I wasn't talking about graduating from a master's, sorry for the confusion
I can but for many people it's extremely difficult to get everything right
Sophocles Antigone **in ancient Greek**, it was a nightmare for me since I was science orientated, although other classmates had not much problem with it
What's rhetoric to you is truth the me, and vice versa.
Rød grød med fløde
Trash the deal would have severe consequences for both sides over the long-term.
I live in a town in Attica and most people here drink water without filter and I think it’s healthy and safe
I totally agree, but can't figure out what to put in its place
In Greek it's masculine for the sun "ο ήλιος" and neutral for the moon "το φεγγάρι"
My grandfather fought with the communist rebels against german occupation during WW2 and my grand- grand father fought against the Ottoman empire  , 4 times he was summoned to fight for his country,
Females -> -itsa
His beard is not long enough, that's why the spell fizzled
Maybe because it was founded upon an already existing ancient greek city
I guess Thessaloniki, because it's the second biggest city  but it's far too north or Patra because it's the third  biggest city and it's a nice city and it would also be nice to boost it it up .
Edit: "ενδυναμώνουν" (endinamonun) for example has all e,i,a,o,u sounds, just many consonants in between (...for Greek standards)
Like I get it
Oversimplifications and comfortable 2 line rhetorics from people who have no expertise or insider angle
Cuando estaba en Brasil podía entender mucho del portugues escrito, pero no entendía ni papa de las conversaciones
We go down and the place was almost empty with some shady looking guys and a couple of shitty strippers
I live in suburbs and I am also not reliant to car
So you get an eggplant that has been fried on cheap shitty oil
Also hi, we've interacted before lol
Calypso is a rescue too
I advise all tourists to report them to the police if possible.
We say no by making  a "ts" sound (kinda)
) motto is "There is a Mythos (myth) everywhere
I don't think I understand what you want to say with your comment
Edit: Fellow Greeks could maybe give you a more detailed answer, since there are also many different types of "national" music worth learning about
[3] The European Union now recognizes ouzo, as well as the Greek drinks tsipouro and tsikoudia, as products with a Protected Designation of Origin, which prohibits European makers other than Greece and Cyprus from using the name
want to close their borders, not expand them.
I don't think even if provoked a group should declare their goal of conquering the land they are residing in.
The situation will get way worse
-Probably the majority of your neighbors
Central heat
For an average family of 4, it is mostly one of tge followings 100,120,150,200
what really pisses me off is that those who voted against the article belong to the neo nazi party we have here in greece and 1 or 2 are leftists
Then there was the [Karaiskakis Stadium Disaster]
The fun ends when big ones start bulling
Here we go again bois
a **nation** of tax dodgers and corrupt politicians, which even now tries its hardest to not reform
You have no idea what you are talking about
Peter)
Dekapente(15)
WTF
When we entered the eurozone, we got a bond interest rate close to that of Germany
Especially, when it doesn't have an expiration date
>I think that if you want to support european independance
Not particularly ugly but there's a girl in my class named Νεονίλλη (Neonilli)
Which means that by adopting the "European identity" they want to be associated with them, and not with the poor developing countries of Asia, Africa etc
>The “LGBT ideology”
Μένω σε γερμανόφωνη χώρα και μου έχει κάνει εντύπωση αυτό
And I can understand 90% of the cretan, pontus and other Greek dialects
Failing to see the obvious when you take in the historical context is something that eludes the majority in here unfortunately
I buy the milk refrigerated and I put it again in fridge when I go home
It has become a synonym of cuts or taxes.
So meta
You know I imagined a plot twist where the Greek guy responsible for Europol part was fired due to austerity and there was a lack of personnel .
Hellas (Ελλάς/Ελλάδα) is what we call ourselves of course
Fuck, the reference went over my head
Your right wing extremists fight with police?
Is this the point where someone mentions Armenians and how they sort of started "disappearing"?
After comparing them, you have a pretty concise idea of what anc
Or of course you can buy a monthly pass 10 days before or after the 1st of a month
If that shit steadily continues in the next decades, there will be many problems.
Frappe in the corner
And this is exactly why we didn't handle the crisis with Ocalan the right way.
Which is a product of the Western Liberal tradition.
Like all those polls in Greece that were so off the mark in the past few years that all the polling companies had to publicly apologise?
I think it will be easier to start mass protests and when they eventually turn violent, stage a coup and overthrow Lukashenko.
I don't justify killings of innocents but it was not rare.
And no I am not mad, past is the past but it is just how it is.
I'm not sure I've heard any common ones, but I know that some people I know say this when they have to go to the bathroom
That is no show of power, that's old plain rudeness.
Πάω να στείλω ένα φαξ (pao na stealo ena fax) = Going to send a fax
Ive even seen pos at certain open air producers markets
Pictures of Athens covered in snow
As I said on my previous comment, people like him don't deserve attention.
[World's largest merchant fleet]
What you say about countries that don't fit the Western criteria has been said already by Samuel P.
If I want to say "Mr Johnson did X men, but Mr Smith did Y de", former and latter won't be of any use
It was not humour
They will likely sell an export version of the S-400 like they sold an export version of S-300 to Greece which is not as powerful as the ones in Russia.
Feel free to move here Scottish bros
No such thing as liberal Turks.
We do use fancy vocabulary though for that
Our intonation sounds a bit similar to an untrained ear I think.
The whole souvlaki/gyro naming dispute
Dude I believe you don't even realize what you are talking about.
Are international waters your home?
I was hoping for pizza . Why is the laptop here ?
Imposters from the non-Holy non-Roman and non-Empire still haven't left those claims behind I see.
Cause that's a big difference
The priest was apparently Greek
And conservative is not a bad word.
I think that it depends on the place
This cover can be read both ways.
\- Της γριάς το πήδημα (tis yrias to pithima) = The old lady's fuck ... or 'the old lady's jump'; pithima means both
Getting drunk and punching someone for a laugh, well...
i would love a greek skam remake, since it has been done in many other european countries and i think greece needs a tv show that deals with bullying, sexual assault, coming to terms with homosexuality, mental illness and racism
Even then, the majority isn't drunk and it's considered especially immature for older people
Glad to see this :-) Happy to help!
Also goes by names like Επιφάνια (= epiphany) or Γιορτή των Φώτων (= holiday of the Lights)
we are train noobs
Stylianos Gonatas
Something like RDR2 but with Greek and Bulgarian guerilla fighters
I haven't tried living in another country to know for sure but that's what usually happens I guess so yeah :p
Like I have to struggle with my broken czech almost daily
” He entered into the room where his grandmother was lying and drawing her last breaths
your pic is awsome
As you can see from the chart something happened in 1917.
Good food doesn't need spices to taste good
And 100 is ekató
Literally ALL of Monastiraki Market, it's filled with tacky tourist shops with overpriced poor quality tourist crap about the Acropolis and the ancient greek world and poorly pressed T-Shirts with cringy Greek stereotypical one liners which are probably gonna fade after a few times in the washing machine, not to mention the huge amount of pick pockets in the square and the narrow roads
The EU doesn't even have the capabilities to operate in the middle-East without the US.
Κωνσταντινούπολη = Konstantinoupoli = Istanbul, was named simply η Πόλη = I Poli (the town) therefore εις την Πόλη = is tin Poli = istanbul
Roumania, Bulgaria could be easily visited even with interail.
He was Dutch, he wasn't acclimated to the Greek alphabet or the language's intricacies
I don't think American crowds are louder for professional sports.
They are the ones who know best what a Turkish soldier can do when appropriate.
Serbian lords were allies of Albanians and Ottomans in these times so it's not weird you had mixed marriages between high class people
It's mostly Careless Hypocrites
lol
It was Turkey who left the negotiations yesterday in the middle and today Erdogan makes such statements, you can guess whose fault was it for not agreeing in the removal of army from the island.
I can't give you prices, but I can compare taxes between Greece and Bulgaria.
I expect rivalry with George Maniakes ending on bromance, these 2 guys were epic.
Turkish jets violate Greek air space as Greek Defense Minister pays tribute to Imia standoff fatalities
what do you have against Serbia and Serbs so much?
Due to the fact that we don't control the full 12 nautical miles around some of our border islands ([it's an ongoing dispute] the closest landmass in 99.9% of cases is in fact Greece.
Gvt (minister more specifically) proposes a bill to the Parliament
You 'll make the best Europe, believe me."
Especially in the mainland
Oh God please don't let the Emmentaler extremists get involved in this...
Who was the girl
[This object] is used to pump olive oil out of large containers, which every household in Greece has
We would just have a massive amount of debt to the rest of the eurozone via ESM loans + Target 2 ECB liabilities + some direct loans I think.
Thank you Bulgaria, because is Greeks can go there and buy things for really cheap
the rumors that police picks men and arrests/beats them up so mostly women protest atm
yup I second that
I have visited multiple houses and/or have family in Macedonia, Crete, Central Greece, Euboia, Cyclades and I have never even once experienced it, shit it would be weird to even ask.
It's one thing to take land, another to keep it
Star Trek: Discovery is called "Σταρ Τρεκ: Ντισκάβερι" in Greek, which is not a translation of the English title into Greek
This is why Erdogan is revered in Turkey.
That's only in the South, in Thessaloniki there's no stupid pencil
Whenever I am in Europe people give me a side look, they can't believe that it's an official document lol
are safe and not dangerous to anybody.
Q: Is the church in the middle of a plain or a forest
It would matter because you could be from Finland for instance which is not a NATO country.
We could improve relations with Turkey and provocations should stop
Did they share traditions and customs with us?
The "funny" thing is that while my grandparents were starving they would see the Germans bring large quantities of food for their own consumption
I´ve said lots of similar dad jokes while on vacation and I can only hope locals didn´t take them at face value
That's the other way around
These terms sound funny to Europeans.
Yes, but our debt has also increased
I don't remember any catastrophic explosion in Greece
I was saying the opposite though, haha
Instead of going for an election after the coalition broke, he went with another coalition
Why is it I couldn't find anywhere to buy one last two summers there?
Not dragon in Greece, but we call a kite an eagle "αετός"
Anyone from countries that didn't participate in the eastern front or even in the second world war, oh and Lithuania:
You can never have enough olive oil.
We love you too
Extremists
German engineering at it's finest
Nothing like that old hag Merkel
This food was introduced in Greece by Anatolian refugees, I'm not saying it's Greek, I'm just saying we call it 'gemista' which means stuffed
Nobody was there to open your door unless if you were royalty, something that does not happen in most factories.
Stay strong France , we love you
But yeah it doesn't reach it's full potential on the photo
All we have is the five "basic" vowels like in Spanish (i, e, a, o, u)
When someone is being loud I immediately assume they're American
Well his social credit score would still be sub zero
I say let's kill some time before searching for that island
We need to respect them since we demand the Elgin marbles from Britain.
Indonesia, it's pretty freaking big, no one really thinks that just cause it's an island
In Crete where I live, there's a historical myth, that's most likely correct, that says that the island was filled with trees but the ottoman sultan cut them down for the empire's fleet
He actually killed innocent people,  is the second leader in a country who kills apostates from Islam,  he is a violator of human rights
The only one that I can think of is the Night Hag (Μόρα, móra in Greek) that most people believe or say they have experienced but that's basically sleep paralysis
France can make it work if there is political will.
Honest question: are there a lot of Nazi inmates?
Good luck and enjoy it :P
I'm not anti EU, but it's been 8 years since the crisis started and there's absolutely 0 improvement.
They are just Polishing US's doorknob
The ride at the end wasnt bad though.
Either way though, my point wasnt to say "oh USA did better than the post tells us grrr grr
i'm at home it's around 19-20
I friend of mine took the picture so i told know any details.
Aragonese is a language just as Occitan or Catalan are
Great stuff, great memes
oh, in central athens you actually always can see the Acropolis
In addition, it's the same as in Greek, which makes it easier
I have been living in Athens my whole life pal
But I searched it and you are right
At least for Athens, and its probably not a complete list
Chinese government is on the way  to Belarus
Because you shouldnt exist, macedonia is greek province
Τζον μεϊντ χις ουεϊ του εϊ ταβερν θρου δε νταρκ φορεστ, ονλη του φαϊνντ αουτ δατ χη φοργκοτ χεις μονυ.
Ovest, topolino, dear god this is perfect
Fucking chad
I hope the Spanish government favours force of argument, not argument of force
4 Bulgaria
The most common one is friend (φίλε)
You simply do not want to accept that fact
We inverted Democracy in Ancient Greece
Grenade
It could also be a Greek Muslim living in the Thrace region.
That explains the pro-socialist mumbo jumbo.
Right in the feels
Basically "Boo and I am out"
I thought for a long time that Porsche was Italian .
Maybe I should try it one day
Fucking hell with the soup
i kinda did the same with f,y and g mostly cause of maths but originaly because my teacher said my g looked like a 9 and i could get less points in my english proficiency exams (when i changed g i also did y because they have similar shapes)
Syriza: The former government and opposition leader right now
Well, at least they have enough spare military power to keep strengthening government...
Congratulations
Why do we have to bring up her religion?
Some fit well here (many Albanian kids do), others don't. I had a friend once that was half black, and another friend (we were all close from elementary to high school) one day started a rant about specifically black guys selling cd's (it was the 90s, I'm old), we rolled our eyes and started looking at him "dude
Holy shit people do love cats
They already made Revelations and Odyssey
Well they do sink the boats themselves once they are near land or see a coast guard ship of the nation they try to reach.
It makes sense when you annex and oppress someone to be unfriendly
The LSD Lofi-girl
We're both actually, since most of our vegetable stews commonly include olive oil, tomato (grated and/or paste) and potatoes
Corfu= Kerkyra
Ahhhh fuck
[wikipedia says] that 37% of Greeks were smokers as of 2017 but it doesn't look like there is any more recent data
I've usually had it with fries, but some just add extra rice
Also you are now the no1 destination for immigrants from the Middle East and Africa
And they will let this pass again.
And this is why Trump talks about freeloaders.
Good luck
Spain's political leader's cat
And we're preparing for Mars
Black: Economics
Also use your hands, point at things and smile a lot :)
outside our quarters there was a small forest  and we had the afternoons off so we just hang out until night call
Rhodos, visit Lindos and Rhodos Town for monuments and museums, and beaches are everywhere.
Excuse me for my wrongdoing, I meant that children can get in a college without the exams, by paying, while us in public/private schools have to give them
There he instructed his solders at nightfall to start screaming
Oh, what a *terrible* heatwave /s.
Welcome to Greece
There's a difference between ι and ΐ so be careful
UK is a totalitarian state on par with China
given the path of the jetstream we can easly put on that list greenland..(but we dont really know the condition of the nuclear waste storage there..)and russia
depends on how often I go downtown.
Which I maintain is good for teaching a kid to stay away from hot surfaces, **and for nothing else**.
Yeah
What are some tips for learning your country’s language
The issue at hand is legal/ethical, no matter how many ships you throw at them they are still able to cross.
this should be labeled as misleading...huge disappointment.
hahaha that will be a huuuuge problem for the average brit, how will they survive without it
But Russia keeps backing him up and generally backing Serbia up.
Then why the hell did they form a new one?
Unless it's one of those rare cases where an English article about Greece itself may be better than the Greek equivalent of it
At least the crescent moon and star are nice shapes
The majority of native Greeks loved that movie.
But generally people here like alcohol
[Villagers of Ioannina City - Krasi] (Greece)
Firstly, the Minoans and inventing the first building complexes, tools, artwork, writing systems and trade networks
I don't think you need a car to get around Athens
Now that I am older I also realise that history classes were mostly aimed at forcing nationalism and pride upon children
Good question, it's a bit tricky but not impossible
Day
can we please make a server with this map
Istanbul
They were highwaymen and brigands that mainly existed in the more mountainous areas around Greece were the Ottoman empire held limited control
When it comes to protests corona is like nah I respect that no infections today
Aww ty you neighboors we love you too
His pronunciation was abysmal
dare I say better than the old one
Same thing happened with a Greek manager of Siemens (who also had German nationality) back in [2009]
I would like to try something like that of I had the chance, but probably go for Canada tbh
Eastern coast of Attica
Truth is, compared to the life in Greece back then, they were living much better.
Anglosaxon conservatism is what really makes the distiction between the UK and mainland Europe i believe.
Also if you are not there or if the package does not fit the mailbox (which it's most times as we usually don't have the USA style) , the post man leaves a notice for you to pick it up from the office
The male names keep their gender but the female ones turn to neuter
The stripes of the flag are the same number as the syllables of "ελευθερία ή θάνατος" (=liberty or death), which was the motto of the 1821 Greek Revolution
Ich spiele
Also loud, a lot of fish like Greece, and a very social
Corfu: Tourist hub, good sightseeing, nice locals
Η στιγμή της ανακοίνωσης: «Η Χρυσή Αυγή αποτελεί εγκληματική οργάνωση».
1830 actually
Yikes
Male: Matteo, Jānis & Jarek
Cretin
What is it called when half a country has cognitive dissonance ?
As a Greek to a Turk, let us not forget the countless villages in Ottoman times where Greeks and Turks lived at peace with one another until opposing sovereigns tore them apart
>What are some of your ~~weird~~ laws that are still technically in effect but nobody's gonna bother enforcing them
But things are chill now and it's mostly calling each other idiots for "misnaming" things
Greece is a medium sized mountainous country in the periphery of Europe
Judging from my Greek historical knowledge, some Greek guys, [Cyril and Methodius] were sent by the Byzantines to christianize the Slavs.
Because Turkey isn't only Erdoğan and AKP
They aren't officially
I think that you don't need passport to travel to European Union/Schengen, just something that counts as valid ID
Well, I'm going to say the Parthenon on the Acropolis
The 2 greek-ish empires we've had don't sound so bad for their subjects I think.
I think all cuisines are acceptable and can be delicious, but one has to judge them based on their context
Hope it's a big step towards the better
China has no friends, does she
However the eu keeps pushing for reforms that clearly won’t change anything
Sometimes they can't just shut the fuck up
Same way Athens went from small town to 1/3+ of the Greek population in less than two centuries when it was designated as the capital of the new Greek Kingdom
No reason to bring the Nazis into this, let's focus elsewhere
Your country is beautiful
Skin aging and skin cancer are two different things
We all knew that the EU referendum was coming.
The Dong is **stronk**
It also has a sort of nickname that was official for a while, Loutsa meaning "very wet" Because it was full of sand hills and when it rained it became almost a swamp
"The government aims for wind, solar and hydroelectric power to account for at least 35% of Greece's energy consumption by 2030"
In Greece, mainly due to the size of our tourism industry, the rise of the internet and also the need to live abroad caused by the unemployment rates, a lot of younger people can speak at least another language (predominantly English) to some extent
You could try but it's a pain in the ass.
Or of course you can buy a monthly pass 10 days before or after the 1st of a month
But there is also a videogame with that name
Unless we are talking about underwear
I was researching bell labs history
So much airtime spent covering the trial - not just when Magda Fyssa throws water bottles at the murderers of her son who shout "Where is your Pavlos now
It's very different from what you probably are imagining
So i 'm saying, if he thinks only one donald can be, then he has to go first.
and this feeling of resentment of Larissa from Volos grew out in football too
My house was really far from my school so whenever i took the bus it was just me and the driver (after a couple of minutes more students would enter the bus) . At the end of the year we knew each other so well we could have actual conversations lol
Nigel is an even bigger attention whore than donald i think.
That's another theory, afaik Hitler's and Ustashe theory was that Croats were Gothic
To eat a bell : To get fined
Byzantine scholars and literaries made a great contribution to the preservation and copying of classical manuscripts that enriched the Renaissance in Western Europe
Poverty has doubled, unemployment has hit record level highs, child poverty has reached 1/4.
No Milliard
I am proud of some parts of our history, but others ooo boiii
Το αυθεντικό αγγλικό κείμενο έγραφε gorilla warfare.
If I see something like this in Greece I'll probably start believing in God or something
Δευτερελθόθλιψη (Dhefterelthóthlipsi)
Affluent or older neighborhoods that are untouched are beautiful but the greater mass is ugly
An exaggeration but it's not that far from the truth
I mean enough is enough with the Santorini sunsets or the middle European castles within lakes or gothic-like churches that are in thousands and all look the same
Dude put a bracelet on me without asking and I had to give him 1 euro to get rid of him
>Be it the country itself
Τζων μεϊντ χιζ γουέυ του ε τάβερν θρου δε ντάρκ φόρεστ, όουνλυ του φαϊντ άουτ δατ χη φοργκότ δε μάνυ
You're talking of volunteering like it's a waste of time.
Because they view the Soviet Union as the epitomy of human progress.
) makes cuss words sound better by default
I wouldn't dare either
So, is this a thing there in general, or only some companies offer this choice
Mainly through migration towards better-managed European countries (UK, Netherlands, Germany) or US
Some 50000-60000 refugees are stuck in Greece due to the close-borders policy.
It could have double meaning
I will say this and hopefully nobody takes offense as I'm sure it goes the other way round
Very often they decide that in order to protest about something they do not like (from a change in the studies programme up to a new law or
"Empathy" (ἐμπάθεια) in Greek means hostility, and is a pseudo-cognate word as it means roughly the opposite in each language
Κάγκουρες (Kagures)
Starting salaries aren't anything special, but it's usually enough to live on your own
Yes, we have something called ''podana''. Basically you just cut the word in half and you put the last half in front of the word
Everytime I say 'lo weekend' and 'gli website' Italians look at me like I'm crazy, but I'm only following what the AdC judgement says
And the problem is that it is a good chance
it's treason then
Of course it is, I understand you
Guess who gets to know the immigration police officers better every time
Well, that's dope
So is it allowed to live and travel in Scengen without having any form of citizenship
The world is not black and white.
If that wouldn't happen, we would have kept now Izmir
Nothing more needs said
BTW how is the situation , regarding this issue, in United States of America
That is not successful integration.
I'm glad they left us out
*Technically* the revolt first started a bit earlier with the town of Kalamata falling to the Greeks the 23th of March so it was yesterday
I'd much rather they called it a Euro army and be done with it although it might scare people off.
If you are only saying this because of this post (i hope you don't) let me say that quantity =/= quality
Well, we've got routes here called Curse and Bad Ladder.
Abrams tanks use the 120mm german panzerkanone from Rheinmetal that Leopards A6's use
We have "κορακίστικα" (Raven language)
Weirdly enough, he's Christian, gay and an alt-righter at the same time.
lets say London does lose that 20% how big a deal is that for the UK?
Let's just call everything other than Russia central Europe, since no one wants to be eastern apparently
I went for some food with the family with the same price per person
Oh NOW we want to sanction Turkey Europe
I feel that most greeks hate it and that's why I feel a bit insecure about it
Your argument assumes that the equality we enjoy when voting applies to media and advertisements.
Hold up
Maybe all year long
France , and paris in particular
In Thessaloniki (second biggest city and my hometown) it is more or less the same
In Greece we have the Old Calentarists.
- 700bc Homeric Greek, same as above but no chance at general meaning I can't understand
The country side was mud bricks and dung for fuel
It's a lose lose situation for us
Well culturally speaking they are Greek since they speak Greek and such..but ethnically?They don't look ethnic Greek to me,at least most of the Cypriots🤔
Where was the European Union when the Vikings were raiding Britain
For me 10-20 is hoodie weather, above 20 is t-shirt weather and below 10 is jacket weather, if I wore a jacket at 20° I'd decompose
For example, someone asks me an uncomfortable question or a question I would rather not answer and I "do the Chinese" by changing the subject or acting I didn't hear them
Even though most people are culturally Christians and get baptized,  I think that most people don't care if you are an atheist,  I know many atheists and they are fine
Just imagine not having these wonderful EU customer protection laws to guard your wellbeing
Greekness never goes away, ask a Greek
I get shivers when I have to visit a friend if there are buses involved
So, when the right wing talks about stopping immigration they are racist but when others do it they are fighting the good fight to prevent the rise of populism?
I want to be a child-killer, my booboo, I want you to become the mother of my child"
Metaxas was a dictator but we tend to overlook that because he said "Ochi" to Mussolini
300 τριακόσια (triakosia)
Because
our language is kind of a cheat though, cause that basically has 2 "e" and 1 "i"
His name is correlated with bad luck so none says his name
And I can understand 90% of the cretan, pontus and other Greek dialects
Its a catch all term for Western European Christian nations we have problems with".
so, you shouldn't be sorry :)
Congratulate Lukashenko on his victory and politely ask him to keep it down
I also like drinking it with cacao
"Too much peace" becomes monotonous after a certain point
Its hotter in france than italy Greece and Spain
8% of the world dry bulk fleet and 19
We even have a curse word for people who agree with Germany politically: germanotsolias
Since 1980 according to your own words
You could join a car club it's a common thing in Europe , the down side is that I know only of European car make clubs or even Japanese but no American ones
Every night . Even now, as an adult, I'll buy anything I didn't manage to collect as a kid
I live in Macedonia, the region.
So you don't name your kid Ελαίνη (Eleni) because it makes no sense, you name her Ελένη.
Εντάξει όμως δεν χρησιμοποιείται πολύ συχνά και έτσι όπως χρησιμοποιούνται οι γενιές στην Αμερική. Επιπλέον δεν υπάρχει στενή κατηγοριοποίηση των γενιών. πχ η γενιά του πολυτεχνείου ανέφερες δεν είναι επίσημος όρος. Στην Αμερική έχουν επίσημου όρους για κάθε γενιά.
TIL the EU imports meat from South America.
Im starting to think some dude in his moms basement, experimenting on human behavior, is the one feeding this vicious circle
They call a "gathering" of all the students of the faculty, and in a proceeding involving speeches, shouting, arguing, booing etc that usually lasts hours they proceed to a vote on whether their proposal will pass or not (you can imagine how few people actually have nothing better to do than compete in this farce for hours)
Personally, I've carried a bag weighing about 8-10kg back and forth from school everyday for 11 years now
Gus G
The most common one is friend (φίλε)
But usually If I meet many relatives at the same time, it would be for an event like new year eve, Christmas ,a wedding or a funeral or for another event
Anyway, what I find rather peculiar is the mere fact that cold coffees aren't popular in Italy
It's like you see a tree but don't see the forest
Thank you for saying that, even though you're a German and could easily want to defend German's position instead of seeing it factually
This is a vastly superior map, but culture isn't monolithic, there is overlap
Ajax for window cleaning spray
Our system is okay but we still have too much bickering to get much done even with our two-party system.
Sin Boy - Mama
Representing Greece here
He threw his camera really high
But herein lies the important distinction, its not that most people did not care or find this natural, rather, it is that they find the entity they pay taxes to evil and out to get them, and that almost no one sees returns to their taxes, they consider them going to the banks and rthe rich, so they justify morally avoiding them
I like how people from the same countries write opposite stuff.
We have the same percentage as JAPAN?
I would say it's more like a map of every european city that had solid history since 1400 till now
Italians, the Spanish and the Portuguese just have this familiar aura about them that makes me feel like I'm meeting someone from my country
I find it surprising that nobody has said Greek considering that we use an entirely different alphabet
Can't say for other countries, but yes, in Greece this is the stereotype of the English
You're lucky to be native french, it's a beautiful language and I wish I didn't have to painstakingly slowly learn it and could **just** know it hahaha
Cypriot Greek has a big influence from Ancient Greek and English
Yes, maybe but if there was one place to recommend it would by Lisbon.
or the countries of USSR, since people of poorer countries are usually looked down on and are considered inferior, in some way
Some Greek modern architecture of Athens (the city I lived in for the biggest part of my life) includes:
But of course the driver didn't open the back door for that guy and then I'm pretty sure I heard some cursing from him
Here you go then
[Kingdom Of Greece Flag] used on 1832–1924 and 1935–1973
I wasn't talking about graduating from a master's, sorry for the confusion
Japan
Back in time it was considered a good choice but diesel is way cleaner than it used to be.
Oddly i have way too many american moments, but i rarely feel something particularly european.
- 1900s. In the 20th century the official language and written language was different than the spoken, heavily borrowed from ancient, so for me as a young person can have a few hick ups etc
&#x200B;
> I'm curious as to how him being against democracy is received in the birthplace of democracy
The residents have the lowest life expectancy in Greece and cancer rates are abnormally high
* Ionian Islands: Cultured, sophisticated, enlightened, progressive, snobbish, thinks that are better than everyone due to proximity to Italy
European consolidation and unity are relevantly recent ideas
If it's sunny not rainy then above 20 C I am comfortable, but sometimes even above 16 C if it's higher than 20 C during the rest of the day
These days you get a receipt for even half a euro's worth of cucumbers, so I'm pretty sure they pay their taxes
Hallo,Ich bin Stefanos, Ich komme aus Griechenland woher kommst du
He was just COVID-19 sensitive
Personally, I would like to see what would have happened had we beaten the invading Germans in 1941
* [National Bank of Greece] (2001)
I think it has to do with accidents
filotimo neutral singular
They were sometimes referred to as "Basileius of the Graikoi" and sometimes even directly (as Frederick II did).
Leading questions, along with a mocking tone are not often seen well by the people adressed.
I guess that's something
Just because a bunch of generals and politicians passed some laws that doesn't mean that the people's traditions will change.
Only the classics like Μια ωραία πεταλούδα, Κούνια μπέλα and Γύρω γύρω όλοι
BTW there is a reason why referendums in a representative democracy aren't and should never be binding
Dude, you never know when the cods decide to launch an invasion from the west...
Don't worry, most Greeks would agree with you
I haven't been to Mexico but the impression I'm getting from popular culture seems that it seems like Greece
- Στου διαόλου το κέρατο (on the devil's horn)
Countries the used to be part of the Soviet union tend towards higher rates based on that map
I really liked the Greek version, i didn't see anything wrong with it
Pls stop withdrawing from everything
Jo Nesbø is really popular here
You mean Serbia is the Orthodox Croatia, considering that the Croats arrived first in the Balkans
I have scheduled a trip there in 15 days and I havent fully understood the severity of the situation
>Nobody fought the Turks in the mountains
Oh boy, where to start
OP is this OC
just Holland) and the Dutch "Ολλανδοί" (Holland-ers)
Are they against it
"Here Donald, let me tell you about Luxembourg.
ich hoffe unsere Beziehung wird nicht so kompliziert bleiben
My Dad and Uncles might say it once every 6 months
edited
I guess that's one "promise" he kept..
I've seen "ασανσέρ" translated to English as "asanser" on a sign
Oh yeah definitely
Dora teaches English here too yeah, i found it interesting as a kid that she taught Spanish In the US
We have political parties youths acting inside the universities
They pay to be on skroutz, and it's lots of euros...
In my opinion a flag itselve is not a tell of whether or not someone is someone is a nationalist or not, there are other way more important signs that that
There's also another one but since knowing the names of all the apostles wasn't a valuable knowledge I don't recall.
Try though I may I can't get the spelling conventions down
When someone calls and says his name is Θάνος I always search for Αθανάσιος. I think our system is better as there is a standard
It is seen as a "victory" the same as Thermopylae is celebrated.
1) The nationalists are not the far-right (there is no far-right) but the far-left
Or just come to the northwest buddy
It's pretty mainstream, but probably the Acropolis Museum in Athens honestly
I go across the road and buy a [pitogyro]
Just keep the explosives away from the Parthenon and we’re good
But in Greece we can produce everything
p much all of them
Also don't forget that India and Pakistan are expected to become SCO members.
My last name technically means that I come from a certain place in Greece (as in the word of that place is in my last name - for privacy I won't say it), but nobody in the family is from that place or has any connections to that place
Next week it's gonna be 38-39 for several days (which qualifies for a heatwave)
Also, try finding a European country in which private universities are not officially recognized
We have had politicians saying that they would prefer see the country in flames than empowering the communist party with their actions
Austrooungaria, or sometimes Austro-Oungaria
ND in the 90's had literally the same deal that Tsipras made with N.M. but in the 90's ND got unelected for being "traitors" according to Pasok
Almost all modern Greek names have some roots in ancient Greek, but most weren't used that much unlike these names
Sofia -> Sofáki
The Greeks and the Armenians were the original inhabitants of the land and the pushed the Ottoman Empire back.
Just keep your eyes and ears open, be receptive, take it all in and enjoy the place
Damn that's kinda sad tbh, hope that in some way you find a way to improve your mood and find time to enjoy the things you ~~lowe~~ love
Ψοφαω καθε. Φορα.
my big fat greek wedding, mamma mia, mediterraneo (not Hollywood), captain corelli's mandolin, Never on Sunday (prolly the best known in Greece)
They probably handpicked families
Here we go again bois
Too options that popped in my mind would be
Really the guy goes through all the major events of the war
I think iphones will become like that
Did we finally elect biden in europe
One posting was a 6 month contract of 40 hours per week (and you needed to be "flexible" with your work schedule) and had no benefits (so you pay for transportation, private health insurance which is hundreds per month, etc
Generally speaking: Armenians, Turks, Greeks and even Persians to a certain degree (extending to Kurds and Azeris) are closely related, which isn't a surprise considering all these populations have lived under the sphere of Roman/Byzantine/Greek/Ottoman/Persian rule+control or close contact with throughout history.
Now I understand why England left this super state hellhole
I am not sure if this is backed up by statistics, but I think it is a reasonable assumption.
But what is a Turkey that is no longer looking westwards?
But wherever we are stand next to our Armenian Brothers...at least those who are fighting for simultaneous recognition of the Armenian, Pontian and Assyrian genocide.
Yellow and black should be on the flag outside of blue and white
Just no
If a group can pay money to influence a campaign or a politician it is pretty much bribery
It's a polite way of answering the phone instead of saying "hello" ir smth
I dont think it's a question of how far we should push.
Yeah, but it depends on the context
We have it in southern Macedonia too but we call it paprika
Yeah surprise, buddy
May all our troubles last as long as our New Year’s resolutions!
I haven't been on reddit for long, but I visit this subreddit daily
They also raised a Chetnik flag.
I have never gone to such a trip but I'm sorry for your experience in Greece
If a black middle class guy goes into a bar nobody will pay notice.
Really cool, what does the notebook say
&#x200B;
None except if you count Byzantine/medieval greek and ancient Greek as separate languages, then yes (In personally don't think of them as separate)
True, we have had and still have issues with tax collection, but it's not as bad as you make it look.
Like why aren't there any nationwide channels and radio stations broadcasting the same content at the same time
I think Romania is not trying hard enough to be corrupt.
On the upside tho, most of them were educated and actually contributed to Greece greatly
EDIT: Some people have 2 last names
Unemployed
And by the way, elected my ass.
This winter has been so shitty, it's the first time it hasn't snowed in my hometown since before I was born
I don't know if that is self-imposed or actual externally imposed pressure
Happy republic day
Santorini and Mykonos
There are much more beautiful and more traditional places to see in Europe in terms of history, museums and architecture
I have been there two times and I am planning my third
Tbh you're kinda right, it's a bridge that unites Europe with Asia so it's actually significant
I like [Olympiakos's logo] ( I hope that's not due to the fact that I am biased)    [Celta's Vigo logo] ,  [Kubikenborgs IF]  and   [Boavista logo] .
Yeah that's not that uncommon, and in other countries also since they are not city buses but intercity ones or seasonal destinations that kiosks and tickets machines would not worth the cost.
Keep in mind that their biggest road and biggest airport are named after Alexander the great.
It also has a large psychiatric clinic so there are many crazy people about
Cause of Alexander the Great
They're delicious
I'm tired of eating it hahah
Us too
sorry i see no [murderers] [woman beaters] and [batshit crazies]
In Greek like with many other languages we just have a verb for the act of sex
This guy was awesome
Very little coverage by the Greek media
Still a shitty rank for an eu nation but at least things seem to be getting better
I think any culture group needs hes own nation
Hahaha
Greece is similar, the north west in particular is not only mountaineous, it is also rather poor and with less ancient monuments than the rest of the country
Mykonos
A few areas will have a few stray dogs but there are stray cats everywhere unfortunately
So they both had wives and worked about laws?
Once upon a time, a pretty big group of people went down Greece, found a nice place, slaughtered the locals and kept the rest as slaves
no unfortunately we have a lot of closed minded people, truth be said it is from bad experiences from some of them but generalising and dehumanizing all of them needs to stop
The rest of you merely adopted it
Like most Greeks, I was taught British English, used the Greek accent though at some point I started trying to make it sound smoother (but apparently it sounds fake to most non-Greeks), and lots of times I'll attempt to do an American accent to get Google voice commands to work properly
Dad with a couple of Athenian friends had their car windows smashed at some point in the 80s I believe during a trip there
Unless you know how to intone things in french, you sound like someone experiencing a headstroke..
Lots of guns and like family feuds
It should be a basic human right, included in the Geneva accords, and in the UN charter.
that was actually funny
It formed our current mindset and attitude as a nation and is still subconsciously affecting our lives
It was in no condition to join WW2, nor did they have any significant reason to.
So the war started because some Serbian dude killed an Austrian prince, right?
For a few years after the war they couldn’t go to school because schools were destroyed
The people and the state are two different entities.
I'll go for 2 people, because they go as a pair
I agree too, but the way they talk in Athens especially (not the sassy way we speak in the province)
Our islands, at least some of them are a free for all for tourists, mostly English, to get black out drunk and do stupid things
Athens is a fortress right now, not even Ezio could sneak in or out...
Athens is actually Athena (Αθηνα) in Greek
This is a federal state on the making
Malaka
That is a myth, Greece was very capable of joining the Euro when it joined.
1) the harder pronunciation of various letters (b, t, d, r, k etc
Dude, you managed to post a picture of Jesus on T_D and only got 29 karma.
Shoes with high heels aren't allowed at historic sites in Greece
The giant map sounds like a good deal.
And yes,you do not have the courage to admit the violence that the far left terror groups have done and is documented
If you go out on the streets and ask random people who he was, that's what they'll probably tell you
Personally, I've never met anyone in Greece under the age of 60 that can speak it
In what way are they autonomous
I'm generally fairly interested about different issues in different parts of the globe, but I have more interest about my country's.
Hey man not cool
Come to Greece and you'll get your money's worth of insane driving
But I experienced the exact same thing in the US
Star Trek: Discovery is called "Σταρ Τρεκ: Ντισκάβερι" in Greek, which is not a translation of the English title into Greek
Off to kentucky *insert murican slang*.
1941 defeat and occupation
If it was Germany, I would choose Bavaria either way
Many Canadians that i personally know prefer to travel to the USA for healthcare services since its faster and better.
What about Germany
It's religion that fucked things up.
Brutal
000  euros
We have an entire direction (east) dedicated to that
Y i used to watch it a lot in the late 90's.
Also to our Danish and other north European brothers and sisters:apply sunscreen, stay in the shade, wear a hat!
Yeah, I just wrote the official names of the parties
It formed our current mindset and attitude as a nation and is still subconsciously affecting our lives
) but that's it
North Macedonia because I've seen online that they despise us
Those guys make us and Turkey look friendly in comparison.
Why isn't there any street view in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Moldovia
Yup, and I'm still here waiting for my source
Light blue: English
As in they took a cut but in return got a guaranteed amount of money from the bailout.
Of course, a master is paid everywhere, but in the EU depending on the country it can be between zero to  €2000 per year
Trade in better terms with others economies
yep, everytime i play csgo and someone spanish talks, i always think they are greek lol
If Greeks were more hostile towards Venetians it would probably be more for the Sack fo Constantinople in 1204, which was instigated by the Doge himself, and had insane effects in the next centuries,  than the Parthenon, which was horrible, but was one General doing his general things and except from the monumental loss, it didn't effect Greeks that much
So from horny boys to naughty boys huh
Its like saying that if a parent gives soda to their kid on their birthday because its a special day, then they would give it soda every weekend , and then every day and after that they would give them cigarettes on every birthday then every weekend then every day
And what you describe is universally accepted as true.
I agree 100%
Deadly stuff by the looks of it lol
[This bullshit]
It will take a lot of money and the results will be bad.
When I was younger, I always felt it was too "heavy" for me, probably because most of the songs are about drugs and poverty
I would say yes, we tend to be portrayed in a friendly, hospitable and proud way
lol what
0 celcius: I see no God other than me
The other reasons are
People believe, that just because you don't have much buying power, you're starving.
except they didn't become agreecive when nato put bases in Poland, Lithuania or Hungary they did when we where moving in on Georgia and Ukraine which are right on their boarder.
Olive oil pump
In theory at least
They were good only on occupying foreign lands.
Agrafa mountains would probably be the closest to empty I think
That's a level of pettiness not even the Greek government has reached yet
In Greek it's παπακη (papaki) which means duckling
But now those things changed
Edit: I'm talking about Orban's new powers
One of the most bright conservative voices out there.
So if you drink hot coffee the spaghetti is also cooked
In any case there is no point discussing such things with you.
Based
Giorgios Papanikolaou
If Comcast wants to make a shitty Netflix or Youtube alternative that can't compete, they will either slow down the competitor to semi-unusable levels, or force them to pay up
Oh good i was afraid they 'd say no.
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconios
I feel deeply uninformed, but why isn't there anything said for Luxemburg, who is a member and does tax brakes regularly for years now?
So yeah even tho it hasn't changed nowhere near as much as many other languages Greek has still changed quite a bit to the point where it's unintelligible, but it's a pretty clean evolution from outside interference
Yes because if the birds start flying, UK will be surely be spared "because we are not in the EU guys!".
Ypsilantis
Fine we'll make an exception
I hear you guys, but the top answer should be Croatia
I don't want to start a heated argument here.
International and European Studies at University of Macedonia in Thessaloniki, Greece.
OK, that's a good reason
Germany is very weird in some issues
In Grecce, a 140 kg WWII bomb was found under a gas station in my hometown and 70.000 people had to be evacuated a few hours ago in order for it to be defused.
It means something like earnestness, but not exactly that
Whole families are not talking to each other, because of it
200 years later the US went from being a British colony to being on their way of turning the UK into their colony
We most definitely prefer Italian tourists to any other, cause you're exactly as loud as we are when having conversations therefore no one gets annoyed
We have backpacks in which we bring all our books for the day
I would say artistic integrity and maintaining the fullness of the performance, but you already said your sister and parents don't care \*shrugs\*
That's Linear B. There's Linear A from Crete that's still uncracked and it's quite likely because it's not Greek as there's evidence that a language shift towards Greek might have happened during the bronze age
We have allot in greece but we don't consider it a problem
Example: An entrepreneur is working with much meráki
Well the real reason is that in this sensitive area it's best to keep your 2 dogs pseudo fighting each other for petty causes, than having a big bully and a weak one.
Devil's mother is also a real place in Ireland
[ (I put this just because I like the statue)
It's actually quite cooler here
8 οκτώ (okto)
Also, are Germans THAT satisfied with her to vote for her for all these years
During the first years of his dictatorship, people couldn't go out after 9:00 PM, because soldiers had orders to shoot in sight
**Spain (Zaragoza)**: it is literally impossible to get something you need/want done on time
Greeks faced a lot of the same problems during the 50s-60s when there was a huge wave of Greek immigrants in Germany.
The Greek Ministry of Shippuing and Island Policy released a statement on the incident, while a portion of the Turkish media has covered the news linking it to the recent surge of provocations over the isles of Imia between Greece and Turkey.
south Italy has more in common with greece (?)
I think that they show it every year before Christmas,  so in a way yes
Its just ena (pause) dyo (pause) tria etc maybe that's why our deadline estimates are a bit off :P
just show a picture of a pizza
Turtledoves to be exact
It depends on lot of factors like wind, hydration etc
Well, she’s not conscripted
Estonia's public debt I guess (and the digital government thing probably)
Few people let it slide but in general its not something you want to mess with especially in northern Greece (i.e.
So when Mussolini decided he wanted a noteworthy conquest for himself, targeting Greece, Metaxas no other choice as to oppose him.
Yeah it happens but when it comes to numbers I always read the number in greek in my head and sometimes even mumble it out while reading an English text or speaking English
That word didn't mean an Illyrian descent, but rather a linguistic term.
Meanwhile the left:
) and founded a new Hellenic Colony there with the name Nea Polis (which means New City, later to become known as Napoli, or Naples in English)
I have my computer searching for a prior text I wrote about North italy
Yes, there may be people with extremist views on the crowd that would have reacted against the police in a violent manner
I'ts good, just nothing special
-32⁰C?! Yesterday  it was snowing in Athens at 1⁰c and it felt like the ice age
μέντωρ or μέντωρας  (méntor(as)) or in English, the mentor
German Foreign Min Says Lausanne Treaty Is Unwavering and "set in stone"
Was there, got tear gassed
They 've been camping out my window for a while.
Limnos' wines have many awards, though I've no actual experience with them
We have the same with the Thessaloniki Metro
I sometimes confuse English and Greek and I say Catα
We use this one for whatever reason, mostly as an exclamation of "oh shit" or to call bullshit
In Greece you're supposed to be finishing university at 22-23(except doctors) . Most people finish at 24 but above that you're considered a failure
we call it "σκονάκι" (skonaki) meaning pouder with the ending -aki indicating it's small
My experience in France taught me that it's best to start by asking in french if they speak English
Their social views can be totally liberal.
He passed measures that put any dissidents either behind bars or to the firing line
On another note, our school books always mention that they are co-founded by the EU
Hey if you're looking forward to visiting Greece, yes Athens is a good choice but as a Greek I would suggest that you visit one of our islands
Haiti was the very first state to recognize the existence of the Greek State
Not gonna lie, "vi vi" is the stupidest sound a sheep could make
We don't believe in gender roles either
Belgium could be an example on what to copy, and what to fix in a stronger EU.
That's pretty good
If you want something cheap that can be drinked I think the only option is [Alfa] (which is also owned by Heineken I think) But it still isn't on the same level as other European beers you can find in a Beer restaurant for example.
Then we would know where all this money goes
This is the sort of question that only an american or an english brexiter could make
From what I have seen and heard there are towns with 95% white population and then there are towns it barely touches 45%
Like for example
Santorini and Mykonos both very beautiful islands but overrated because all of the islands are beautiful
I am a staunch neorealist when it comes to international relations.
Here in Greece, the same as you.
Dry feta is the only variant I can stand
Oh, ok
I wouldn't say it is as popular as the ones mentioned above, but it is consumed occasionally by many Greeks
He was called Kakofonix in greek, which translates to Badvoice-ix
I learned French back in high school so sometimes I mix up pronunciations of English with the French equivalent
34 τριάντα τέσσερα (trianta tessera)
If i had any faith left in the EU i wound agree with you but it has become patently obvious that its not a real union just a group of small minded selfish people with no ideals or vision for a better future
Modern Sparta is not the same location
Another memorable trip was in the last year of high school where we went a trip to Central Europe (Czech rep
The annoying part is the early spring though because one day it could be t-shirt temperature and the next could be full coat temperature
Excellent
The dialects of Crete are considered very masculine and it's very sexy for a man to speak it, but not for a woman
You must read too much guardian or the new york times.
Other articles on this very subject state *renewable* *energy* *sources* without going into details, the above was the most specific I could find
As a Greek I feel I am very close to the top
When someone is being loud I immediately assume they're American
Hey, i recognize these names from EU 4.
Funny thing about Greece is that we have Erdogan next door who just questioned the validity of the Lausanne treaty (defining Turkey's current borders with Greece among other nations).
If your research comes down to ctrl+fing through wiki pages then i am not surprised but the OP original article
You can't be frivolous with your euros
Well,  we are pretty good at that,  but as you may ( or maybe not
- In religion class the students are supposed to learn about the different religions but in reality they learn only about christianism
"I've always wanted to go to Greece for vacation"
Άι αν ολσο Γκρίκ, σου Άι αντερσταντ γουατ γιου σει
They are not entirely to blame
At least we have free healthcare and education
On the exact opposite side, we have these two chaps.
So I think that because of that reasons they gain some popularity separately from the USA
Black olives need to be a certain way to taste nice for me
Albania: "How do I pretend I'm normal
No you don't understand me I've seen people claim he was turkic ethnically
Great job, this is great, but RIP our islanders tho :(
Oh BTW Mousaka is a seasonal food since you need eggplants to make it (that is to make it good) and fresh eggplants are not available throughout the year
ω ο
Spot on
kazzo = dick,
they love Putin and Russia for some reason but they want Greece in the EU at the same time, weird stuff
in case of lateral crash (when cars are in opposing direction) it will be the drivers who would get hurt and not the passengers
His pronunciation was abysmal
Πας στην κεντρικη σελιδα του subreddit και πατας τις 3 τςλειες πανω δεξια και πατας change user flair καπως ετσι λιεγεται
No native speaker, but teacher of English as foreign language
Yeah, but you can't really live as a hermit in the mainland
you could even sail to croatia and finish stannis's job ;-D
"Μπου και βγαίνω"
&#x200B;
we are train noobs
Yeah but some of the town Alexander conquered have him as a hero and others not
I always go for go for the New posts first instead of the Top ones
technically yes, but historically not considered balkans or eastern but as part of southern europe with italy!
Yeah I know exactly what you mean
When i was kid i thought most Russian women had red hair
Unfortunately they (neonazis) still exist
Climate change probably
Mainly to prevent the destruction of the marbles you walk on and secondly to prevent you from injuring yourself, cause those ancient marbles are actually very slippery
Many Turkish people could be descended from Anatolian converts to Islam.
Firstly, not all members may not have participated in the murder but almost all of them had committed crimes
And I'm glad people are willing to stick to their decision through snow and hail because from the signals that major corporations (be it banking, construction or manufacturing) are sending, it doesn't look good.
It means "bestie"
• αδερφέ (aderfé) = brother (this one's mostly for strangers that you're being nice to)
Now all tobacco products are 21 in the US
That one was unironically my top song on Spotify for 3 months straight earlier this year
Lol
i shower daily and i take an actual bath maybe once every couple of months
The new one is supposed to have far more information that will follow the Estonian model .
That sounds dystopian
And back then, no one wanted to listen.
, Germany, Slovakia, Hungary and Austria)
Look for LIDL or ALDI stores they have them
Just bring some whiskey
I should add that mykonos and santorini are just tourist traps shaped like islands
Where do I sign up
Since 1975, death penalty was still given to prisoners for high treason,but in reality it meant life in prison
So they left and after some time they found a city that was built on a shore, across a very beautiful place
It is fucking not, where do you think all these cats shit and piss
Greece has free universities, but I don't know what goes for non-EU students
It's a Union as are United States, meaning an economic/legislative/etc
(mathematics, physics, geography, Gaia, photography, logotype, mega, hyperbole, psycho, center, diarrhea
You need to absolutely part with the idea that Turkey is an enlightened nation ready to examine its past or that the majority of Turks condemn these actions because they just don't. It will be generations before Turkey gets there, if at all
Colder than Iceland
We have one that's like McDonald's and it's called Goodies.
In School we say "the bus was late again" Because busses here are almost never on time
think so
Thats the most greek thing ive heard today
Not necessarily, he was fond of the Germans but he was 100% aligned with the British, as they were the reason his government was formed in the first place
How haven't I seen big sis Russia yet
Europe, Asia, Africa, N and S America, Oceania, Antarctica
I'm a massive fan of spirits from Votka to Akvavit, to Raki, but Ouzo always tasted like peer pressure
At this point, we are basically making fun of a mentally ill person.
I thought that you had catholic schools there, but I guess they are exempted from that law , because they are private schools,  right
It literally means "little dust", I have no idea why we call it that
Seems like too much extra work
It's usually lighter on the palate, and if you put a hot sauce over that, you basically ruin that effect
I feel you
Yeah !!! Milk for life
Ena(1)
Enteka(11)
Third time is a charm .
Where do I sign up
I can't imagine Hitler had good plans for the Mediterranean peoples in a Nazi regime, at best we would have been second-class citizens
Kemalists are douchebags
Oh wait since Turkish Leaders invent them in the 90s and almost start a war over it
In Greece they have mostly problem with poor immigrants.
pros/cons of NY in Antarctica:
Cause in Greek τάφος (tafos) means grave
These are also like little kebabs, right
neoliberalism is an applied theory not an opinion
It should be to everyone's advantage that criminals are singled out and innocents protected.
i love how they left out the part that russia took the two buildings back they gave to the u.s on moscow and st.peter as part of the deal
What's happening
We do a little trolling
Again, you're mixing things up due to your own preconceptions.
I agree with this
We also have "Δε δίνω δεκάρα" (De d**i**no dek**a**ra), "I don't give a dime". Again, mostly used by older people
OP should now make a map of terrorist attacks since 2010 in Europe compared to USA
In Greece they said that not everyone can be tested and people have been turned down
I have to agree, while a super rare occurrence, there are people that will admit that they are wrong in a conversation or make a normal mature conversation
Most of the time the strays are cats which you can’t tell if they are someone’s pet or not
BTW did you know or did it come as a surprise for you
Respect to our Danish brothers!
How is donald trump even comparable?
Every person from the Balkans has a similar story
Due to the current economic crisis, which begun about 10 years ago, many people view northern Europeans negatively, because they are the creditors, but German get a special acknowledgement here, mainly by morons who think Germany owes us reparations for WWII
>I heard Russia got drinkable tap water now
Νομιζεις οτι μπορεις να τη γλιτωσεις λεγοντας μου τα αυτα τα πραγματα απο το διαδικτυο; Ξανασκεψου το, μαλακα.
We have basically the same climate here as Melbourne
You forgot about the Yangını part.
British museum is looking for new excibits
We didn't lose our language when the Romans came, we didn't lose our language when the Ottomans came, I have little fear we will lose it to the Anglos
Turkish aggression
In [Vouliagmeni] a 140  **m²** (sq
That's the case for Netherlands or Sweden, not for Greece
Maybe you like British food because they're in the same family
Yeah, we’re having a #MeToo moment right now
Only option now is to go through turkey, Putin is determined to achieve this goal it seems.
Be polite, honest and open
A good alternative to the chrome browser is Mozilla Firefox
he talks from the beggining of nasa till 2013....spend some time and listen to what neil has to say about what actually driven the politicians to create nasa in the first place
Wanna go
7 επτά (epta)
I come from a society where "bending" laws is almost an everyday occurence, but that causes a feedback loop that results into everyone to behave like this.
Well many of them also think that Greeks are their Orthodox brothers.
ο, which means "the" (singular masculine)
In our version of orthodoxy, it's called theophania, and it symbolizes the baptism of Christ
It's a matter of geography and French Guiana isn't in Europe so for example if someone posts a pic from French Guiana here he will likely get downvotes because the place is not in Europe.
You never actually own land though, the state does
Other than that it's normal summer time
NYPD and Harvard are among the most common
Still, better than kids praising fast food like souvlaki or kalamaki as the pinnacle of Greek cuisine
You and me both
And another leftist party ( Mera25 - Diem 25) that took 3,44%.
Pente(5)
Yeah I think thatere many good Greek profesors who have made accurate remarks about the anceint Greek pronounciation . I just said that Erasmian is closer to ancient Freek pronounciation (based on ancient sources) than the modern Greek pronounciation , based on academia (even in Greek universities) , not that it's perfect or better than other reconstructed accents based on ancient sources
>The common accent from Athens is just considered normal
They think he is some kind of fighter against the evil West or something
That's what the planet looks like from one particular point in space.
I can finally Roleplay as Icarus
But at that time period they were changing hands all the time and they weren't under the same kingdom/empire if I remember correctly
Why did Turkey did all these things AFTER the Junta fell
Was looking for it too
He was cruel, greedy, narcissistic and delusional
Due to the way that Turkey has treated it
Oh now i understand, love means debt in German anyway but thanks I'll pass
The first that comes to mind is choryátis/a (χωριάτης/α) witch literally means villager, countryman
Athens would be amazing
Ioannina city
I am 18 years old, and I'm in the third grade of Lyceum
Is the image on the thumbnail real?
Not loud and extroverted, though
Fresh seafood, I second that
That's dumb as fuck
We used to have a Ministry for Deregulation but it got cut for budgetary reasons
But Portugal will probably be next.
We won
Hell I hoped to join her after I was done studying (she's been there 10+ years already), looks like that will be harder for me
Here the news said there was around 29k victims, what's wrong with those numbers
Imaginr if Canada decided to hold a referandum that would cancel the vast majority of agreements (mostly financial) it has with the US in one single stroke and you are close, if a bit less severe.
[Wikipedia]
Thank you for the encouragement!
I'm also from Asia minor so that adds insult to injury lol
Also , in my school it was done better, because my teacher was open-minded , so she didn't force religion on anybody, she did have debates with kids etc
Why the hell we would want to take Iran
ex yugoslavia left the thread
Well the moon has 2 names one that is the original and one that is for some reason used today so
I grew up in Athens, never went on the Parthenon until I was like 16yo and we had some foreign visitors
Currently wearing flip flops right now
iirc it was among the many things the refugees brought to Greece with the population exchange of 1923
Greeks and Italians had had this debate for centuries, Italians like their pasta al dente, and us greeks like them mushy
The average salary in EU-27 is 1,695
Everyone knows "Biontech" created it, although everyone calls it by its distributor "Pfizer" simply because it's an easier and shorter name
went a bit faster than that on some of the long, straight stretches
All the time
Seperation of powers **is** Western and liberal.
Usually that's just an excuse to not have lessons in school
For context I am pontic Greek, so my family and especially my grandmother often use words (or to be precise their pontic Greek equivalents which sound similar) like yavrum, çıkar, ciğer
"un-German" somehow, it wasn't as clean and orderly as I expected - Dresden was that and much more beautiful too in contrast
Well Sweden mainly wrecked the imperial Army in the thirty years war
A lot
Golden dawn, a Greek far right party, didnt get enough votes to get in the parliament (thank god)
Also in case you are eventually missing any countries, there are some [incredible lists] over at r/IndigenousMetal that might help you
And yes, Selene is the moon goddess and the moon itself; for ancient Greeks, the god *was* the object
you dont get a win if you fail to save the hostages
He's overlooked
It's even a verb γκουγκλάρω /guglaro/.
I didn't mean that food plays an important role in our culture because of the climate
2 million euros were lost and the project got canceled about a month ago
OP I'm sorry for your experience
half of Greece is missing :P nice one though
The Thessaloniki metro
We should ban all words just to be safe imo.
Also the orthodox church was **AGAINST** the revolution for the Greek independence, so based on your logic we should not honor that church and it's dogmas
*watching you run towards them and starting driving when you are a metre away intensifies*
Don't you dare vote for someone else!
Yugoslav wars started in the 90s too.
Just go to another one
I prefer when going abroad and being asked for an ID due to my baby-face , to be able to show something they will believe is legit .
Sometimes I feel i was born in the wrong country
These are just a few of the possible of combinations and you would read them all the same, the question usually have a combination of υ η and I since the correct spelling is the last one (if you notice autocorrect picked that one and filled the acute on η)
But we've been a "nation" for like centuries
Too bad they were corrupted by barbaric religions.
pros/cons of NY in Antarctica:
100%. I personally don't do that on sushi for the same reasons I described, so again I can't see how I'm pretentious
The parties evolve and so do their ideas too.
I've been to the Acropolis in the past year more times than most people ever do and I got my fill of it in a sense, it's incredibly awe-inspiring to me but it's... oppressive relative to the marketing of Athens
There are a lot of solid metal bands in Greece, but since you emphasized on wanting distinctive elements about the country there is only one choice
Free breathing
A dry and breezy 5°C (or 30°C) can feel great in a sweater and a hat (or t-shirt and shorts)
So bad luck I guess then, as Athens is not under control
I would love the cleanliness and the organisation of Japanese culture
well aside from the balkans not that often
Since when is Islam similar to Christianity
Δε θημαμε κάτι
Declarations of war and control of the army is the government's job in democratic countries too.
Honestly, imo, the only reason why most Greeks want to consider themselves Europeans, and not Asians, for instance, is because of Germany, England and other Northern and/or Western European countries that are very wealthy and powerful
EU is a German creation anyways and only serves their interests.
Orthodox brothers4evar 1453 never forget.
Well if you attribute any bad thing that happens to you to immigration, of course immigration is the biggest issue.
&#x200B;
It's definitely not seen as a luxury furniture store, quite the opposite I might say
Also, really any type of fish except for tuna
I don't really know if our government is doing something that goes against the deal.
Spain and Italy have cultures similar to ours
I like steamed buns
Do people like hearing underage drinking stories
The good thing is that I have only see such crazy things online
Multiple first names are actually quite common, though not prevalent
It starts like a regular thanksgiving type table and then after the parents have drunk some Raki they blast songs, break plates and dance all together on the broken plates
Beautiful
Actually there are bike roads in Athens like these   [  [
That and the awkward moment of having to describe some item or tool/utensil in one or the other language
I love rain and moodiness but my dopamine addicted brain doesn't, so I feel you
I just hate the beach and heat in general
Don't call us 5
Are Alexei and Aleksandr different names
There is humanitarian support from NGO's and stuff but still not enough.
WHY THE FUCK ARENT WE THE ARM
It depends form family to family
This probably stems from the time of the Ottomans or even earlier
Everyone should stop doing that.
So just because i am Greek my argument becomes irrelevant ?
And yes, I did ask "Oh
Personally I don't miss it, because I never experienced it
If I'd miss the bus, two hours
For example I'm not into South American history.
I'm moving to Germany instead of Czechia
Guns, "Masculinity" ? "Manliness" sound a little more like it
Of course we do, I personally try to avoid big logos since I'm not a walking advertisement and they are probably not appropriate for formal occasions but other than that
Don't hesitate to threaten or go through with a report of the restaurant in case this happens to you
CyberPunk
I am saying that he is not the great godlike figure many claim he was.
Mes plus sincères excuses aux Français :(
I've never been one, and now I kinda feel left out.
Apparently this happened because somewhere the toilets were next to a statue of her and it just stuck
You really won't miss all that much if you decide to go there; just another regular old village filed to brim with really old folk, nice view to the Bay Of Corinth though
First we give them the siima, then we pull the matto alta
Pyramids are actually very Egyptian though I agree with you in everything else.
" Wait what
The phoenix was used since antiquity as a symbol of rebirth in Hellas
-eas, like Rouseas, from the Mani peninsula in South Peloponnese
"Πέντε-Δέκα-Δεκαπέντε-Είκοσι-Εικοσιπέντε..."
Εμμανουήλ Ροΐδης, 1836-1904, Greek writer
Had to explain to a couple of American pensioners while they vacated in Delphi, that our troubles weren't *"created by communism post WWII, when we were parts of the Warsaw pact and occupied by Russians".*
When she says stuff like "I don't believe there can be an atheist person" you kinda understand how close-minded and dumb  she is
Only in countries that cannot afford German goods anymore.
North Macedonia: "How do I punch
The only major front you where protagonists was the Pacific.
Nice try Forbes, but I'm not disabling addblock for an article that will probably just raise my blood pressure.
This average was indeed surprising
tell me what a child I am incapable of sovereignty
Can you post the video
We can have both or we can have neither
Not many can make the distinction between multiethnic and multicultural.
Either that , or they become the 51st State.
Who are they kidding
I'll visit Warsaw this summer and il lfinally meet my gf I met through discord for the first time I'm rl happy
BTW Can you elaborate on why you feel nauseous
lee by Nikos kavadias ( kind of hard to find in english though)
It's 40 years of puppet governments actually.
Our stay there was part of a school trip that saw us visiting Austria, then Hungary, then Slovakia, in order to catch a cheaper flight from there back to Athens
On the other hand, Guardian, BBC and Spiegel have been extremely biased, throughout the conflict, who will you state next, Julian Roepcke?
Hashtag Greenland is the biggest country no matter what.
- A lot of stuff need memorization which most students keep doing throughout the year and it isnt really effective
Corfu = Κέρκυρα = Kerkyra
The place (το μέρος)
The Portugal and Spanish Empires fallen hard ... You had a more slow Drop
Also it's a very boring symbol
can confirm
Slave labor if you ask me
If it wasn't so abysmally tragic it would be comedy material.
But  that is what the British imposed, and it has scarred Greece ever since
In Greece we say Box instead of Boxing
I like those building of Goodys [
It’s not all about who gets money directly
Thanks for letting me know
Ever hear the phrase the silent ones are the ones you need to look out for
I seriously can't understand why are people downvoting you.
Hey man not cool
Get your stupid apps and get the fuck out of Europe
He turned at me and said "That's illegal
If you are interested in a word's pronunciation, you can look it up with its original spelling in forvo
I cannot for the life of me grab the czech language from anywhere
Congratulations . I am not a German , but I am  a fellow European
Relief -> happiness
[Meanwhile the greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis]
But most of it would be flat
Estia for fireplace in not wrong per se, but if it happens at all it must be pretty unusual
Greek I believe comes from the word Graecus and ancient Greek tribe and it's patron
i assume they will also boycott the 2022 fifa world cup also?
However, using foreign words, especially in writing, indicates a low educational level
Anything by Sin Boy, Snik, TUS, Vera Lamprou, Derek Leontis, Konnie Metaxa, Popi Malliotaki, the singers from the Annita Pania's shows etc
He did a little trolling happy 200
What should happen is a rationalization of Europe's welfare system
And they're both called peristéri in Greek
It's on Wikipedia too
Well, you could "resettle" them Armenian style.
Godwin's law would suggest that there is nothing to be added to this topic.
You guys are confirmed nutjobs.
No, berating someone because of the place they were born and the difficulties they went through is a sign of a dick.
BTW I am Greek and I haven't heard that the situation is so bad before
Kosovo is independent.I hope our government recognizes them in the near future.
What I wrote was "We have a tendency to blame others for our problems, and the EU is one of those 'others', among others". Just this
It's everyone's fault, barring the leaders of European countries and institutions.
First of all me not having access to free refills is me losing either money or commodity.
Do you mean the IMF, the EU, or the independent loaners?
So it's true for regions, villages and islands
2gr)
This is weirdly cryptic and romantic at the same time
So, basically this is steak tartare from pork
But unless you're a 14yo tiktoker hypebeast, people tend to avoid shirts with big/flex-y logos, but I thought that was the case evrywhere (?)
Was is the Spanish state
And we face huge demographic downsides in the following decades.
Some others are less interesting to the observer, like Germany and Portugal
The planes that participated in the attacks were based of Italy and France, not Greece
I don't understand how those two are connected in your mind
I'd wear this
I mean maybe the priest fucked his wife or something
This is patented in Balkans
It is an essential part of the modem Greek spirit
I'm from the North and whenever a friend from Athens or other places from the South tells me they ordered gyros I always double check what they mean
Because it is a decentralized capitalist economy usually run by the conservative SVP Swiss People's Party which promotes Jeffersonian ideals.
Not a variant of the same one
Most people can figure out your wage if you just tell them your job, your experience and your family status
Isn't northern Mitrovica majority Serbian?
There really wasn't hate in her words, just legitimate concern and sadness
I definitely agree with this view of Europe tbh
I’ve tried both and personally prefer them mushy, but that might be because it reminds me of my mothers cooking
Not to mention advising very wealthy clients to invest in shell companies as a means to evading taxes.
I needed two tables, two visits to the tax office and 2 to the insurance company and hours of waiting to become a contractor here
in our modern history after we freed ourselves, all of our monarchs were foreign, because it was outrageous back then to be a democracy so we had a german noble installed and that continued until our last one
People who you didn't offer your hospitality were called enemies.
All I wish is Wolfgang to just disappear
Because you had time to prepare on Saturday
We will miss our islands but this is amazing :P
On May we had 42 in Crete, and was the same in many areas last year too
How's Russia feeling on this
If someone else implies a negative aspect we grab the pitchforks and torches
In my case, is government giving business owners the right to underpay employees by limiting basic salary to the bare minimum and raising taxes to the point certain stuff cost less even in Germany
I feel sad for all the stall owners who will loose large sums of money with no fault of their own.
Because history is fun and also with those 3 I can learn any other language easily
Yeah, I should have phrased it better, I meant generally for the right of Polish people and especially women in this case
[Unironically best song we ever sent]
σιγα τον πολυελαιο
Three times a day, Charybdis swallowed a huge amount of water, before belching it back out again, creating large whirlpools capable of dragging a ship underwater
Greek definition of cold water is very skewed.
Also they ( at PragerU ) are not denying the existance of climate change.
ahh yes . History repeats itself once again
That's something
Unless you take two far right nutjobs, most people would be cool.
I don't know if there are other places so heavy on that part
It is still being built
I also like playing muslims and get to control temple holdings, usually starting in Baghdad or Egypt
&#x200B;
the youngest generation is very good at it even though no one learns shit at school
Actually it was the civil war that followed Nazi occupation.
Even the spicy Italian dishes are extremely balanced
ten minutes later we could hear a rumble coming out of the woods and moments later we see dozens of guys running in all directions like animals trying to escape a wildfire
Το ποιο? Εγραψες καποιο επιχειρημα? Γιατι εγω μονο την προσωπικη σου αποψη βλεπω.
Or you could repurpose that money and have the smile of 10 million lazy filthy Mediterraneans
The EU has to be as subjective as it can be and that means that in order to accept a Catalan independence everything needs to be done according go the book and the Spanish Constitution, which is going to be hard
It was pretty much overthrowing the Ottomans, not much of an independence war
We ate the donkey, we are left with the queue
*WAIT* How could I forget about our great olive oil and olives
Sturm has helped Graz with recognition
/r/MapsWithoutCyclades
We don't have one in our home, but we aren't religious so it probably doesn't help you.
The Netherlands = Κάτω Χώρες = Kato Hores (although everyone calls it simply Holland)
3) We are the first Orthodox nation to join the west and EU
I feel you, I am very pale and get sunburnt straight away
I think it's correct to use the municipality Athens to refer to the city of Athens because it's a city in the sense that it has a mayor, a city council etc
I expected a comment like yours with all these Romanian posts.
The translator of the first book of Harry Potter (didn't translate the rest but set a precedent with her choices, that were followed in the rest of the series, as well as in the subtitling of the movies) changed Tom Marvolo Riddle to Anton Morvol Hert and made a mess that didn't even make sense; the anagram was derived from Lord Voldemort and was actually wrong, since she used two ω and not one ο (they sound the same at greek) even though Βόλντεμορτ (Voldemort) has an o.
Haven't heard it ever
&#x200B;
You still see the occasional weirdo with a Burzum shirt in public
I'm not very fond of sweetbreads, but give me some liver anytime
Nation way more
Come on, that's just a little bit of banter.
ahemmm
The forum isn't a unique structure in Rome
Planning on moving to Spain or maybe a Latin American country
It's 5°C then the next day it might be 21°C then 6°C. What is this madness
until the moment they started to calling the germans nazis for not giving them money.
Yes, a million times yes
Nothing really, except maybe some politics, regarding Alexander the Great, kastellorizo and calling us lazy for example
Yeah, but does the law recognize the unborn baby as a person?
&#x200B;
* [OTE Tower] (1966)
It's not something important, like nuclear launch codes, just an expression people in Seattle use
One thousand - two
I mean marshmallow fluff
[So uh is ENISA a front or what?]
Funny because greek are the base for some of these languages
Yes in Athens we tend to attract people who want to find a job
Also you a lot of you guys  are very polarised and can't have a civil discussion most of the time (for example the border situation, even Greece does a better job keeping the immigrants in a livable condition)
The only way I consider myself European is because my country belongs to the EU and because most European countries share the same religion and are close geographically, so I guess that's a common thing we have
In the north part of the country, near the borders, there's a wide region where people have mostly Slavic genetics and speak a weird Slavic idiom (in addition to Greek, of course) that sounds nowhere close to Greek
Even if the targets are unrealistic?
GOOD
What do you mean
I guess that's on OP but it's not like I'm losing anything other than imaginary internet points
He made them sign that their language is actually a Slavic language and he made them change their name from Macedonia to Northern Macedonia
Same just recently found out and thought it appropriate
In my opinion this will never happen in greece, since there aren't that many greek muslims.
They said no homo before every interaction
Which one of these is besides being beautiful, full of cinemas, restaurants from every major cuisine, shopping malls etc?
We use to have a nice small  open space to park our cars in my home town
So maybe I would choose Thessaloniki because it's the second more important city or Patra since it's closer to Athens and it is the third biggest city
I guess in terms of how easy it's to get a job I would recommend physical therapy, computer science-software engineer, cooking, nursing schools  and  military schools and police academies ,because you work immediately after graduation
Pft, check this guy out with his salary
The 30th Most Populated Island in Greece: Poros Island
Wait, they're called Bergsmannsheil instead of Krakenhaus
While a big number of Greeks are participating in foreign Erasmus programs we rarely get foreign ones in the Greek universities
Also history doesn't really help with the situation
they smash plates on the floor
What a load of rubbish, pointing the finger at Cyprus for using the veto in exactly the same way as every EU member in EU's history
*Mother of Jesus is a single word in Greek
There are others who have lost their jobs and have trouble to pay all of their expenses on time and others who can afford all the basic things and can't afford something more like holidays, buying new phone often etc
The system is objectively stupid.
Not bad at Santander
And they say he was born in Izmir
And Santorini too
There are many smaller problems associated, though
That would probably anger the most people
As to greece and serbia, it probably has to do with the fact that we share the same religion (orthodox christianity)
To be honest I think the only way to truly change is to have a heavily controlling totalitarian state
Once I started reading, I started appreciating my hometown a lot more because it made me pay more attention to certain things that I used to just overlook
Also the Portuguese understand easier Spanish than the Spanish Portuguese.
In greek its either καλομαθημένος (someone who is used to living easy/well), but also κακομαθημένος (some who is used to living "bad") (bad meaning spoiled)
Pollfish is an organisation that is now mostly based in the States from what i know and deals with the worldwide market.
Just googled it found nothing about it being real or not
Taxes ,laws and income
Yeah, your great leader Alexander the Great helped a lot in order to improve our infrastructure!
but i think skins was a lot more dark
I am not panicking, you are
I don't watch tv but I do see it on online Greek media
That's a joke we Southerners like to do for Germans and other western countries
It's τυρί (tyrí) as well in Greek which means cheese, but I think it more makes you smile for been a totally random thing to say when taking a photograph, rather than making you show teeth by the way it's pronounced
I think my opinion is quite controversial but I'm gonna go with Alexander
I just wanted to weed out any possibility of your comment not being sarcastic tbh but yeah, mentioning the cost and duration of the passport is the second reason people laugh about in airports
Is that true
All the best to you
Cyprus: We all just kinda assume that your are in Greece
Metro is ok for me, it helps me avoid the traffic
i'm sure you all know what those are and why
But there are many people here who say "Hitler was a good leader like Alexander the Great was, but he was born in the wrong era".
Photos were REALLY NOT flattering back then.
A poll that came out yesterday showed 50,4% support for SSM in Greece.
Our new government also meets resistance, which can vary from lukewarm to strong, each time it tries to ease the way the taxes are repaid in order to raise the willingness of the people to pay them
Wouldn't expect us to do better.
It would be great his detail be like that
I think it depends on the people and on the immigrants
It is nice here
Haha, classic
Not gonna lie I'm a bit surprised
In unemployment
Looks like a fairy tale
You cannot have 'ideas' reasoned in a country where the only political voice you're able to hear is Milo's one
Here most 25 year olds make about 600€ per month
We don't like Germany from a historical point of view but it gets on my nerves
Also there some bike friendly cities like Trikala   [
Are you a guy who went in college to USA and your teacher told you that there are colleges only for black people and you asked if there also colleges for white people
Extreme cold and heat that is
I'm sure that BBC and AP are not supposed to decide who is president elect, so what is the official body that does this and when should we expect the outcome
This is swell
I don't think it's an unpopular opinion, deep down we all know it lol
Yeah, we have these a lot
Yea i am just stating my opinion.
Και μέσα σε 15 δευτερόλεπτα η αστυνομία αρχίζει να ρίχνει νερό στους συγκεντρωμένους!
As for lohikeitto (which I had never heard of till now), I think I'd liked it
I live in New York
It's a safe bet suicides are under-reported.
* Agrafa: Same as above, replace the Minoans with the Dorians (see a pattern
In every cafe I went, I asked if I can be served a cappuccino freddo (cold cappuccino)
These are all facts you can look up yourself
In general the rhetoric from EU's side on anything international has been beyond dumb lately.
Well I might be rembering it wrongly
Greek is σφυρί (sfyri) from ancient Greek σφῦρα.
Not that someone (possibly not German) kicked that woman, but the whole stance and way this is happening.
I believe einstein put it best honestly: "the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result".It's time for everyone to come to terms with the idea that communism has been so thoroughly tainted in the eyes of most of the public and it can't be achieved, at least not for the next 100 years or so
But you're right
Ans because we don’t want to fight each other on whose musical instrument represents the country, we leave it as it is :)
Don't worry I'll willingly leave once I'm financially stable enough for that
If a server sees your plate half full or more, they will probably ask you if you want to take the rest home
There many people who use fireplace and they burn woods inside it
Ah yes the third reich
Also the fire department was confused as to what was going on because the entire town was burned down in 1 hour
I don't think I remember even a single year where it hasn't snowed in the North
Yeah, but it depends on the context
Most of them are pretty easy since they originate from greek
Well, we do almost the same with meat and call it a souvlaki so I can't really express my confusion about it
Is there any sign to the metro/subway cause I can't remember , even thought I took it last week
Unfortunately there are still mines in Bosnia, something I knew but couldn't remember now
why stay there
She even told us that she have visited Turkey and loved it, and that she is pro-unification
Unfortunately I didn't have cooking lessons in my school
Very few greeks participated in D-Day.
Also a manic clenching to the past while not actually following the ancients' examples
Not many have been saved in Greece
Pre-Trump the US was mentioned once a week, to give you an idea
First of all out of everyone here I suppose I am the only one actually taught ancient greek.
BTW I am Greek and I haven't heard that the situation is so bad before
English is probably one of the easiest languages to learn
It is never going to happen imo, these never ending negotiations are just an excuse for bureaucrats to keep their jobs.
>In The Netherlands almost every village/town has its own dialect of Dutch, so I wonder if that’s the same in the rest of Europe
I know you guys are technically a Mediterranean country, but we usually see you as part of the Yugoslavian lobby
It was first called Heracleum after Crete became a Roman province
~~ROMANES EUNT DOMUS~~
Get a cream pie from your local bakery
I was looking at the picture trying to figure out what exactly the scars are , and then it hit me and was like " oh
It is completely normal behaviour and will not be different in Barcelone, Paris or Edinburgh or any other place.
Haven't seen them any in a while :/
Also, the Turks in Greece were here for less than 400 years.
Most greeks on reddit probably
I thought you had made up your mind about single party systems.
Turkey is by far the worst NATO ally
I remember this in kindergarten
That's a kind of tough question for Greece given our bad modern reputation, because of the debts
I didn't blame them for what their previous leaders did
In Britain almost nobody bats an eye if a black man walks in a bar (in most places).
Finally, let's say a man called Petros Papadopoulos gets married, the spouse will keep her own surname, unless they got married before 1983, and if they have a daughter, let's say they name her Anna, her full name will be Anna Papadopoulou (if she gets his father's surname, which is more common that getting the mother's surname) Notice something different?
Most of young ones barely go once per year to church (and that's because the older parts of the family pressure to do so on a special occassion like Easter).
What the Scots should be asking for instead is more autonomy rights so that things like Brexit don't repeat for them
Northern Greece, with Thessaloniki and Chalkidiki being the only exceptions, is definitely underrated
Beautiful pictures ,folk dresses are always very cool
I know someone who
Also I think that there is a place(or places)  that have have variety of European cuisines
Spain : being treated tequillas by guys me and my friend had met 10 minutes ago
And Feta cheese/ different cheeses we have that have this spicy taste and smell to them
looks like a doom level
I wouldn't want to go however, because I come in contact, or live with people who are at a higher risk to suffer from the symptoms of covid
[Secret schools]
When he ordered the first shipment of potatoes,  he ordered that they be offered to anyone interested for free
Also the orthodox church was **AGAINST** the revolution for the Greek independence, so based on your logic we should not honor that church and it's dogmas
So yes, that is exactly the reason why.
Well I'm telling you my first hand experience, which btw was in Italy and not Greece and you still won't believe me, and not only that but you found an excuse for me hearing it, that it's apparently a tourism industry trick
All these cities are advertised the same way by packing ads (whether they're videos or posters or w/e) with monuments or historic centers, but there's no city that is *just* that
Most disgraced is Akis Tsohatzopoulos
I am from Greece btw
Γιατί είσαι εδώ = Why are you here
There were even 2-3 Dutch pirates who rose under the Ottomans.
We would climb trees and claim them as our own and naming them (the best will for ever be Black scorpion) and find random wood planks and stuff and build small houses
We use χ and pronounce it like the word “he”
Yeah they seem to have kinda similar sounds especially the surnames, but again im not sure how lithuanian surnames are pronounced orally.
There was a lot of mixing with the Turks, in fact genetically there is little difference
Here there is also the word geomilo which means potato, but literally means earth apple, but most people just use the word patata
Other parts of Greece:
Oh did the new patch drop
What's the problem to refer to them as "Baltic states".
Turkey
The drying rack in the cabinet is pretty common in many homes in Greece too
A big part as of late seems to be controlling the whole of the EU and making the south more and more poor.
State TV and news agency having become the de facto mouthpiece of the previous radical leftist government and obviously that's all good and proper for them
The main group that's against cannabis use is deeply religious and conservative people
45 ain't a thing if you have AC
Woman in the right :" is it still Tuesday ?"
For people who can't read Greek,  these names are Christos and Christina,  but because Christ in Greek is Christos,  the name Christos is written with η instead of an I.
That part was briefly mentioned before we went on the biggest events with Germany
Armenia because their people, in my experience at least, really like us Greeks
Greek too, just have to say the average person here cares more about the measures that keep making us poorer than a number on a screen.
Yeah I make good profiteroles as well
But then again, they do like to come here for summer vacation, even with the coronavirus
" Obviously the US did shit compared to Europe
2nd step
I suppose he meant that Americans don't have the habit of learning a foreign language because you can get by with plain good ol' English
I had no idea that Daft punk is from France wow
I thought it had to do with how I am accustomed to eat it, that's why I ask
North Macedonia because I've seen online that they despise us
That is SMOKING HOT
Parents read stories and fairy tales to their kids, this is something similar.
Try posting to /r/GreecePlace maybe
apparently i **should had** added the /s
Your teacher didn't know that Norway fought against Germany in WW2 ?
One of my yeacher told us in highschool that it is actually closer and it was based on studies by scholars etc
Malakes
You can joke about it
If it counts for anything I love you guys
There is some pressure, as soon as i got out of the university got to feel it . My mother was always questing when i ll got married and she would see grandchildren ... I didn't even had a gf at that point and that kept happening for years, a decade at least ... She was driving me crazy
Yes but do these people have NO SHAME
and after the war were stabbed in the back by the UK which supported the dictatorship (classic UK).
Good ol' Salem witch trials then.
If that's your own interpretation of what I wrote, it is no fault of mine
We better base our views on actions and not assumptions.
Don't hesitate to threaten or go through with a report of the restaurant in case this happens to you
the name comes from ATLAS a titan in greek mythology
My favorite name for the city is Mikligarður in Icelandic which comes from the Old  Norse name that Vikings used for the city
- Στον γάμο του Καραγκιόζη (at Karagkiozis' (main character of an old greek shadow play) wedding)
Sounds like an awful choice to make but it may become the lesser of two evils.
We read the Classics, like Homer, Sophocles, Euripides both in Ancient and Modern Greek
True, it's not uncommon after all
I think the term West doesn't necessarily refer to economy
No, there's no need for tension with Albania and FYROM, Constantinople will be enough, trust me
Every  Sunday there's a 3-hour long church service
So for people who are old it's not common to be fluent in another language
Ridiculous
I guess Russian is used as a common tongue
Being critical of Trump *just because he is Trump* is indeed irrational.
>there is a tendency to stereotype every European cuisine other than France, Italy, Spain, Greece and Portugal as horrendous and bland
I wanted to go to a beach at Porto heli once, and the price for 2 fucking seats was 20 bucks
The probem with Crete is that they have around half a million population
In Greece we have opa and my favourite malaka
All I see is krieger from Archer
Grenade attacks
I pretty sure you know you are wrong
I was gonna post a picture of a beach but it's too hot to get outside
They commited a genocide against Pontic and Anatolian Greeks 100 years ago
"Girl/girlfriend" and "literally" are also words I struggle with
Judging by the majority of people that use this phrase, anyone that does not share their bigoted views.
There are also some Greeks that converted to Islam during the Ottoman Empire.
Yayy, Germany is the best
Look how beautiful this is
Jesus made the 3 day rule
But I tend to use warm to hot milk, when I  am ill or when I have a headache
Where in europe has he invested?
Not at all
The ~~pen~~ultimate dream would be a villa in the tuscan countryside with a vineyard, horses and a massive library
No one just keeps tsipouro in their bedside table unless they are expecting friends over for drinks, but again tsipouro isn't popular amongst young people
Thinking the same
..you have heard grexit more than once today.....
Excellent post OP
France = Γαλλία = Gallia
He fought in the Balkan wars, first world war and minor Asia war
But yeah Bulgaria was the driving force of the first Balkan war and fought the most and lost the most men
Wait you got mythos beer there too
5 mm)
I can say that without the afternoon classes and private tutoring I would have had to take the exams a second time around
I found it funny after visiting Prague that most people there weren't christians.This place was full of churches.
At least the panels won't get too dusty lol
Great movie, but has many inaccuracies/lies, as reported by many of the people featured in the book
idk that might have to do with its name
In Greece you're supposed to be finishing university at 22-23(except doctors) . Most people finish at 24 but above that you're considered a failure
The problem with Greece and EU in general is that the periphery cant compete with Germany
We accepted many christian Turks in Greece during the population exchange when Kemal wanted to get rid of them.
Based on friends and family it is not something you eat every weak , but yes it is considered normal to eat them here
Everyone is talking about Finland.
Personally, I love it
Idk considering that religion here is more like history than actual religion and anyways it doesnt stand out as much as the Muslim symbol it is pretty ok
They like it, because it makes them feel smarter than everyone else and "a part of the few people who know THE TRUTH" but in reality it's just a bunch of bullshit talking point that are false but exhausting to argue against so you just let them do whatever they want and they end up dying or killing people
Two flipping wolves and people start panicking, sad indeed,
There are no words that sound sweeter than those
Modern Greek script:
For the glory of Hellas
It's full of antique buildings, crooked trees and a huge menacing castle wall that surrounds a part of the city
Yea with Papandreou, Simitis, Papandreou (the son) and Karamanlis but all of Pasok (the party that basically died) which ruled for \~ 30/40 years went to Syriza
In Stuttgart I was always getting the impression that almost all the employees above the age of mid20s were unwilling to help even a tiny bit further than they were strictly obliged too
NM: We're mad because of you name
Pros: Good food, lots of sun, landscape diversity (mountains and beaches), most people are kind and outgoing
Should single mothers/fathers be punished or prohibited by the law on the basis that they might negatively affect the psychology of their children?
I'll wait for the esteemed Guardian and BBC to report on it so I can be bestowed with some divine and objective truth
-32⁰C?! Yesterday  it was snowing in Athens at 1⁰c and it felt like the ice age
To be honest, modern day FYROMians don't look that Slavic.
union of states/countries belonging to a "Communist Soviet" translated as "Communist Council". Being democratic or not has nothing to do with it
You forget about [nationalism] and there are [Territorial concerns]#Territorial_concerns).
The were rich before the war and lost everything
With long ass names that are unpronounceable too
Look how beautiful this is
hookers, gypsies and mafia
They do exist but they are in fact not so common (except maybe the mastiha one) and actually only the anise flavoured ouzo (which is the most popular) is considered by many Greeks to be the one and only true ouzo
I thought it was just Americans that had it but evidently it's other countries too
How do you view your country's school system?
According to sources, the man was detected by Greek navy officers, who in turn informed the coastguard of Elefsina.
I think his point is that choosing Russia is weird considering that the West was always our ally.
I mean
It is a very dark page in Greek history and it is *very* divisive even today
&#x200B;
Oh wow I had no idea about Hungary, that's even more different in a way than ours
They buy hunting rifles for their homes.
won't these festives get a bit "heated" and "nationallitee" because of the referendum in november?
&#x200B;
But it doesn't really matters
> Scylla made her first appearance in Homer's Odyssey, where Odysseus and his crew encounter her and Charybdis on their travels
Genocides and war crimes are so active and frequent with Turkey it gets forgotten
I would say artistic integrity and maintaining the fullness of the performance, but you already said your sister and parents don't care \*shrugs\*
On one side, we have keyboard warriors.
5 Egypt
And silly me, thought we were under extinction.
We don't want the aliens to think us soft.
* Thermos for vacuum flasks (even those that are "regular flasks" but resemble vacuum flasks are called Thermos)
I used to hate [rebetiko] which is a Greek traditional genre of music
Hellenic in general yea, but that is mostly compared to Greek.
Get in patrioti, we are taking Motherland back
Plus if i remember correctly their prime minister said some negative things about Greece in the past but still not as much as in Turkey
Greece's Perpetual Crisis by Yanis Varoufakis
One of the few days in the last 10 years I've been proud of my country
(10-13-16 yo)
No i wouldnt
Πως τους πετσοκοψες ετσι;
With this attack in Lyon being a few days after [this] I wonder if neighbourning relationships will take a hit today
If you want to judge them, judge them about their lawmaking.
You can only buy shotguns for hunting.
Do your offices/schools and such have showers and changing rooms where you change
The killer should rot in prison but why did he throw the firework in the first place?
Omicron on its own means "the" (masculine), eta on its own also means "the" (feminine), unless you put an accent, then it means "or".
The appearence and clothes of the woman were also pretty typical for a greek woman
there's basically no point to look at the bus schedule
I love Warsaw
They already drive like they're in GTA there and most are armed to the teeth (trust me in from there)
The US system is more than the President.
Ah yeah, I forgot we French are the most incompetent in the world, good to be reminded...
what the fuck how have I not seen this
On the back you have your name, your dads and moms name, date of birth, place of birth and height both in Greek and Latin letters
We always use the ELOT standard, we don't have the option of doing otherwise (I don't like it either, ancient transliteration eg Athanasius is better)
Congratulations to the mayor
So maybe I would choose Thessaloniki because it's the second more important city or Patra since it's closer to Athens and it is the third biggest city
(Armenian and Hellenic genocides)
Hmmm
The deepest point in the Mediterranean is in Calypso Deep, south-west of Pylos
I live near Athens, so we get either sleet, rain or snow that doesn't get blanketed (if that is the term)
Brussels=  Vrixelles
We got what we deserve I guess
I do not excuse voting radicals because they put money in your pocket
I also now catch myself speaking Greek to someome and then almost speaking English only to correct myself embarrassed
As long as we keep working together the European Union will get better and stronger
Typical communist party, used to be pro Soviet Union, now embracing euroscepticism
This is a heated subject and a matter of perspective.
[Greek national anthem (Hymn to Liberty), Stanza 26 out of 158
Dutch rap is not that bad
German tourism in Greece expected to almost double in 2017
Obama has come to visit Greece.
Horrible to see
I don't think we really dislike people, at least not for balkan standards
They indeed believe that they belong to the best race and that they have the Greek traits in their DNA.
We don't really have those toasters that heat up only the bread
even then Merkel was willing to kick Greece out.
We eat kokoretsi here (sheep's liver, heart and lungs wrapped in intestines)
Stating that in fact the opposite is stated in the Turkish educational system
I hate the pencil addition, it ruins the mathematical balance of the game
Most importantly is the perception of law implementation by the general public.
The final sentencing of the members and their arrests
These two points created a big schism within an already broken society which lead to a full blown war
We have very similar avatars, half-compatriot
Like the witch hunts in the 16th,17th, 18th centuries.
There is no point in working less if I have to "pay" it in another way
Fun fact: you can a double filet o fish that’s a better proportion of fish, comes in its own box, and is made fresh to order
Nikolaos Plastiras
What the Scots should be asking for instead is more autonomy rights so that things like Brexit don't repeat for them
Me personally, I don't even enjoy the smell of it
Retsina is love, Retsina is life
Take me there
Spelling will be a nightmare so just know that
It's awesome, we all have our personal oil buckets hahah
The most spammy word since Spam
Erdogan's plan all along was to be dictator, so it makes sense to use the EU as an external enemy.
Fuck me
tbh i never understood this backlash from greek people.>
The only part that I'm not sure about is whether Serbs were the largest part of the Janissaries.
We really should stop blaming others (like the EU) for all our problems
The only reason they got the seats they did at parliament is because most people only vote for the 2 main parties so they snack in as "3rd most voted" with only 7% of the votes
For many decades it was a vassal for many actors and countries and that's not good on a subconscious of a big power, I get that they aren't fancy friends
In 1834, King Otto (himself a Western tourist) decreed that the capital of Greece shall be the most important city of Ancient Greece
Too accurate for my feelings
Hellas- Have never seen one and am very surprised that such things exist
I'm atheist as well and although I don't like the meaning of the cross in the flag, the flag seems really nice with it.
Here's the opportunity of a generation to show the detractors of the European Project what the EU fucking is about and EU leaders are going to do what
Although I see Fianna Fail and Finn Gael as pretty similar in most issues to be honest
I cannot for the life of me fathom why recent Greek passports only have "Hellenic Republic" written in Greek on the cover
Like Siemens and her black funds, for instance
It's great overall, but also doesn't give you access to the entire healthcare system
Good evening
All 3 building somehow seem white from gray
Nahh Turkland sounds too basic
The current government especially is of the idea that there are no illegal immigrants, everyone is a refugee fleeing from situations created by imperialism, capitalism etc.
Just the biggest ports of Europe fighting each other :)
Which is wrong
>He told CyBC on Wednesday that during discussion in Brussels, a number of countries backed the position that the process should be based on the political agreement in Berlin
Really hard I suppose
It took me a while to explain to him Greeks don't show up on time and he slowly started seeing the same pattern with other Greeks as well
Thanks, I hate it
"But he is a shady person" is no excuse.
Often, hide under from furniture for to [be] saved, because the daughter runs to her hunt, and if her catch, [I] hear screaming meows [of] attack and noises [of] fight
I mean, technically, no doubt, it translates to wanker
they were responsible for abusing these loans in the first place.
chocolate milk - Milko
Nafplio, the old capital would also be a good choice
Someone with knowledge of how italian courts work might know more.
Most of the people speaking it today are descendants of Greek refugees that fled Turkey back in the 20's, living in Greece, Russia, Georgia
Most of Greece's debt isn't in Euros, it was almost 100% of GDP before Greece adopted the euro and it only skyrocketed because the economy contracted by 30% when no one wanted to work with Greece because of Tsipras and Papandreou
They are also great with people from mainland Greece
I am not familiar with their etymology though, they could still be the same root
That said, I do find myself using many English words while speaking Greek (it doesn't help that I live abroad and my working language at home is english (wife doesn't speak greek well enough))
In recent times Frappe
There are many in Greece, all the year long
41 is saráda-éna
What does your last post "say" Suomi ?
Why not
[An example]
Έχω 10 στενούς φίλους, κυριολεκτικά κανένας δεν έχει μακριά μαλλιά εκτός από μένα. Δε ξέρω που τους βλέπεις όλους αυτούς. 10% ΜΑΞ σου λέω εγώ έχει μακριά μαλλιά.
It is a very slow procedure, that would
Still, their trial was a great win for democracy
Where's our beloved letter "Δ, δ" (Delta)
You guys having coffes in cafeterias
We only have 5 in Greece :(
Global warming refers to the average **global** temperature, which has been going upwards for decades.
Or you would start a fight in the building and then point the finger at the German ;)
[Όταν έρχονται τα σύννεφα by Manos Chatzidakis]
Κώς(Kós) island which is one syllable
I root for every team that plays the more attractive football/basketball (that's the only 2 teams sports I know)
Greece and Germany are both European.
I love your flag's colors
In real life i really like Germans, have only good memories about them.
We have tons of cultural similarities with Turkey, both the good and the bad things: traditional music, cuisine, a mainly extroverted mentality, toxic masculinity, political corruption
Greek FM visits Trump's cabinet, aims to play role of stability in region: "strengthened relations with countries such as Egypt, Israel, Lebanon, Jordan and Palestine...meetings in the Balkans as well as cross-border cooperation and enhanced cooperation with Georgia and Armenia"
Can't we stand on the right side of history here and help end authoritarianism in our backyard **before** discussing taking our values on tour
Chinese investors are on top of the list of the “Greek Golden Visa” recipients as the program provides residence permits to third-country residents and their families when they invest 250,000 euros or more in real estate property in Greece
Greek Solution: Far right party
>Hippopotamus
It has been the case with Greece the last 30-40 years
I'm sure our various honorary NATO involvements in the middle east count for some, but still
And thats one organisation
These things can happen, right?
I actually didn't realise how foreign this generation thing was to me until I read this question
It's free GDP that Greece has been losing because of our stubborness against private universities
Quite a bit, admittedly
The Greek word φιλότιμο (philótimo)
But you see who he would be running against ...
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is low quality.
And you also use the german media (known as partial to promoting "Merkel's truth" (e.g.
Really
I think that's because the other orthodox churches follow the old calendar, but the Greek orthodox church doesn't.
You just can't win
I'm all for passive aggressive letters
Our countries got screwed because of among other things excessive welfare state spending, brutally strong unions that blackmail businesses and government corruption.
I think this reminds of something from the past
It means wanker
Just like you dig out ruins every time you try to build anything in Greece, I bet in 2000 years they will dig out bicycles in the Netherlands
Well most are trying but it is difficult with the salaries here
Also she gets plus 2 seconds every time someone says "God bless the Queen".
The shameless victim blaming spree you went on in the comments doesn't say "I dislike political extremes and I care about Marfin", it screams "I empathize more with neonazis and I will act as an apologist for them".
>With women though, that is not completely the rule as they start facing pressure from their inner circle as their friends begin to get married and have children
[The picture was made here lol]
I know where you're coming from but I wouldn't touch a Serb with a 10 fr pole right now
Also coal grilled meat and fish of course
Huh, classic
Trying to go for all 193 countries by the time I die
Greek onomatopoeic words: in one of Cratinus' plays, he writes that sheep sound like "βῆ βῆ" or "vi vi" in mod
But I think that ancient Greek epsilon would fit fine
People were kicked out of their homes, as you said.
Yeah toilets in Athens are not a thing and it pisses me off, being a person that drinks 3-4 liters per day
our language is kind of a cheat though, cause that basically has 2 "e" and 1 "i"
Wikipedia article about her:
Also, a family usually buys fresh oil once per year, thus the 17lt size is so popular
My husband is American and I swear to God, he yells more than I do
Or maybe your country's media have been on every Greek restaurant and did a really trustworthy report?
We have many "Saint X" villages
The sad moment where there is a call to retake Constantinople, but your army can't afford the fuel to get there...
I am glad taxing US corporations makes nationalist headlines in the Netherlands, but the same cannot be said about supporting Greeks in border disputes, or Italians in immigration issues
True, but those posts don't even discuss politics.
What about a non-EUler diagram
It just needs a chance to make the transition
exe has stopped working
When you absolutely need to get Cancer cause you are sick of life, this is a safe bet.
"Βλέπω τα ραδίκια ανάποδα", same meaning
EDIt : Also Attica is the most economically advanced region of Greece
Are social libertarians included in liberals
Lol this is normal in Greece
But it also depends on other circumstances such as wind and humidity
Definitely German and Spanish
With that logic he is also obviously anti-muslim
I hope it doesn't become a trend cause we have balconies too
sounds to me like classic misinformation tactics
Some sources say they're both mortal, some they're both divine
### Military dictatorship (1967–1974)
We went to war with Bulgaria because some Greek captains dog, crossed the border.
Generally the 70s, 80s & 90s are the most beloved decades in terms of Greek music here
Kinda reminds me of the walking dead
I could live on soups
Yep, woodstoves are present in some Greek villages
Does it kill enemies with irresistible cuteness?
He made arbitrary decisions in some cases, and it being an academic project for him rather than a language he aimed to use outside of academic circles, he couldn't practice the language, and since he also tried to reconstruct it, in many cases he was "treading blind"(βάδιζε στα τυφλά)
I guess we want daddy usa on our case
Yeah, let's give more fuel to Albanian nationalism, that should be great for the Balkans.
I am shook
It's considered illegal though and being caught with >1g on you means you'll most likely get arrested, but even cops are not that harsh on users, they mainly care about getting info on people that sell weed
In all seriousness, even bouzoukia and clubs are closed
Besides Turkey was based on the ruins of the Byzantine empire, go figure why there are common elements
Going to the beach is mandatory, otherwise you don't get your weekly 1,000 euros from Germany allowance.
We have a Roma-origin singer though which is very popular in Greece called Paola.
13 = δεκατρια (which is literally 10 and 3 pronounced as one word, 10=δεκα and 3=τρια)
They have good research going on
Ahahaha λατρεύω το username σου!!
Of course it doesn't go by looks,but as far as I'm concerned native ethnicity is different than the culture you was born and raised too.In my opinion Cypriots are greek,but calling them "Greek Cypriots" is like saying that they're of native Greek ancestry,and they're not.Ancestry does not matter much our days and rightfully so,but it's false connecting some people's ethnicity with the "culture" they follow,because that would make all of South America "ethnically Iberian",which is wrong.
I don't think people want to be crude, but the way this joke of a system works infuriates people.
[Cite Creation made this]
And I thought that the scariest roads were those in abadonded villages in Greece
Most soldiers are drivers, cooks, guards and do general jobs helping officers.
I have just shown that picture to my 77 year old dad and he said, is that a Trojan penis
1900 - Izmir (Smyrne)
This information passes through half a dozen people before it gets on the screen
200 διακόσια (diakosia)
Welp
Can we stop topping the wrong lists
Edirne= Andrianoupoli (Andrianos town)
So everyone with the same name as you has a party on the same day
Hadn't realised just how hilly Central Wales is until I cycled through it, was deadly
The thing is all that eurobonds talk with Schulz.
Except for supermarkets, I was struggling to find anything accepting credit/debit cards
A quite handsome black Smith if you ask me
It's fairly mutually intelligible with standard Albanian though
I think that's the way it should be.
I'm trying to learn czech because I moved to the czech rep
Mythos beers everywhere
Basically communist guerilla fighters refused to hand down their weapons claiming that Greece wasn't free yet (referring to the people that came in power and also to the British influence within the country)
One could also argue that it is expensive
But I'm not really sure we do
But him alone isn't enough, I have plenty more
Afaik Greeks work the most hours in the EU, along with Spaniards I think.
Just Balkan stuff
I realized what I was doing just second before the video loads
He avoids doing that now
Only once had I heard that Greece was not being discussed in Turkish politics at the given moment by a greek reporter in Turkey
“Into  the government mechanism – during and after the civil war, and their  sons went into the military junta
or is he too "socialist" for your taste my friend
Think of it as the opposite of American/BBQ food
and 27% are daily smokers
Πανέμορφο, αλλά δυστυχώς δεν νομίζω να είναι αληθινό
Fairytale lighthouse, Andros island.
Wow I didn't expect Greece to be so high up
Unreliable Nordic furnitures that requires you to build them yourself
Greek Civil War took place exactly after WW2
They both sound the same and many people incorrectly use οτι for both cases
The best way, actually, to emphasise who did something in a sentence is to include the subject in it, when it is not needed
The dude said that Serbs were fighting the Turks for 4-5 centuries which is a lie.
You might say that because as a Portuguese you might cherish other cities more.
As for the Syriza government, well, doesn't it depend if you're an Syriza left-winger or a anything else (New Democracy, KINAL, KKE or something different)
History cannot change the way you want it do you fucking understand that?
There are definitely safe neighbourhoods in Athens but you couldn't pay me to go to Omonia or Menidi at night, I like my head exactly where it is
In short, a perfect destination for travelers like me, who prefer more off the grid stuff
I used to think that because of Kaliningrad there were two dinstict countries named Russia 'cause I did not understand the concept of exclaves
I sincerely hope our neighbours will vote for a secularist and Erdogan will be ousted
I remember my shock and horror when I saw that beautiful bridge blow up during the war.
Mitsotakis is our Prime Minister
Ditto on hating summer
But that name did not stick for a while
The Pope sent help anyway, along with the Venetians, the Genoese and the Kingdom of Sicily.
Its hard to compete even domestically
What are those crisscrossing bars?
Jeg er dog ligeglad, for at være ærlig, et sprog behøver ikke være "nyttigt" eller populært for nogen at lære det:)
And that's how the Age Race began
There are many jobs you can do without speaking the local language
Honestly, compared to what I was paying in the US, it's just incomparable for what you get here
I have 100 Mbps for around 35 € per month and 200 Mbps cost around 50€ , unlimited calls are included in those programs
not here actually, many old people AND really young ones are still "traditionalist" sometimes even close to Russia trandisionalism.
I remember Tsipras saying "we voted to end austerity, the EU must help" and the response was unsurpringly the same as now "nope, sorry". It really shocks me that British politicians are so out of touch (unless they're faking)
Those who have money buy used cars from Germany.
Eh it depends, by the time of Nero " provincials" had full right and even someone ftom Spain ¥though still Roman citizen) could become Emperor
Yeah I know but the same goes for the other cities I mentioned I think
I wish it was too private . I know everything about my sisters' in law births and I really wish I didn't but that's because they are my sisters' in law
do not convince me to change my mind.
Except for Bayerische Staatsbrauerei Weihenstephan
An educated (or at least someone with any interest in education, say a student), family oriented person will likely integrate just fine here
- students still gather and do the little christian prayer every morning before classes begin
The name definitely is Greek but I don't know what it means, I googled it and apparently the Greeks that colonized that place (from phocaea) had a habit of starting the names of cities with Massa but thats it
This said, there are a good number of people that will do some kind of religious things such as fasting or going to church every now and then etc.
He is a billionaire, right
The best archaeological site I have visited right there with Vergina and Acropolis imho...
Μια φορά στο Λονδίνο όταν ήμουν πιο μικρός μιλούσα με την μάνα μου στα Ελληνικά και ένας δίπλα μας άρχισε να μας μιλάει και αυτός στα Ελληνικά και είχε πλάκα, είχε έρθει και αυτός για κάτι δουλειές φαίνεται λμαο
artography
There's nothing particularly gross about it at all, but if eating internal organs is gross to you, then I guess it would be gross
In another reality, Albania could be the Austria of Balcans.
And the US did increase testing
Mostly because 100% of my entertainment is in English
OMG i also remember this commercial
Sometimes there's no corresponding word(s) in Greek
9, basically 29C for warmest temperature of the day in September, according to the link that you sent me
You mean the Greek civil war right?
I've never been a fervent supporter of banners, and I self-criticize more than I boast, but when it comes to the institution that is the European Union, all bets are off
Greece was in favor of voting for Kosovo joining UNESCO membership and that sniveler Vucic called Tsipras and begged him to not vote.
Three big time periods
Didn't even know Caernarfon had it's own dialect and I live 15 minutes from there
In no case was it justified to occupy the island
Ah, I see
I thought that you had catholic schools there, but I guess they are exempted from that law , because they are private schools,  right
Although he was a dictator and people blindly praising him are uneducated
Hahaha i just checked it out thanks for trying anyway:) ill just stick to english tutorials and material, nothing is ever written in greek anyway
i think whith current state at Turkey, they could be the scapegoat so public execution become a thing again
I vote for a centre/centre-right liberal conservative party.
In this case, stop projecting
Don't know if it happened when I was younger
The polder model has been described as "a pragmatic recognition of pluriformity" and "cooperation despite differences"
Difference is, most of our request were reasonable to pay off the debt easier or not infringe on human rights, not a pissing contest
And when we're drunk we act the same
(Pente-Deka-Dekapente-Ikosi-Ikosipente
And no expiry date
I'm pretty sure that is the purpose of the question
It isn't really established here, it depends on each person
But many countries in the EU don't share political goal.
They have it because they share the same language with Greece, the culture, the religion, the customs and much more
We still use φθόνος today when we mean to be more like grim about it
well they do have a train tunnel for getting goods into the state, you could probably fit through there
Neymar better go home and start practicing for the 2019 Rio carnival, i am sure they will appreciate his skills there
I love the main accent, and every single accent associated with the UK
Planet of Zeus, Nightstalker, 1000mods etc
Conveniently missing out Greece
The line 'Our Grandfathers did that not us" is ignoring the irony of sentencing future generations of Greeks in poverty for secret decisions of politians that havent been in power since the early 2000s.
Imperial measurement system
Only if they bring back coin pouches back into fashion, I want to be carrying a Gucci coin pouch off my belt.
This means my negro
Earth = Γη (Gi from the goddess "Gaia")
The IMF believes the Greek debt is unsustainable and will skyrocket in the next decades, and wants a substantial debt relief.
What about  Sweeden
I am free
say that brotha
At least that the case in the most big cities that the majority of the population is living
Τώρα άσε τους άλλους να λένε ότι το πανεπιστήμειο της Ξάνθης ή του Αιγαίου είναι όσο καλό όσο τα ΕΚΠΑ/ΕΜΠ/ΑΠΘ
Not at all, I love sounding cocky
Mountains surrounding it making it a basin, and the sea is right there
Im literally **TRIGGERED** Italian Pizza can't beat Greek feta **REEEE**
Except for Bayerische Staatsbrauerei Weihenstephan
After around 10 minutes I see my friend and he comes running to me and says the others met a guy that gave them coupons to an underground strip club when he learned they were foreign
EDIT:
I had no idea he could actualy become the PM,thought it was a joke
I can't see something wrong with that.
Didn't that guy ruin your country
we weren't so many as the Armenians the yellow area is where we used to be.
OK you got me with that
Year 9: Modern History (1821 - 1990)
>third time in July
Sorry for the rant but I had to let it out
Hopefully these are only baseless rumours and everything will be fine.
I thought it was a satirical fake.
Literally 3 hours after i left the volcano erupted and airports closed down
It was about ten years ago though
if your last name ends in -akis it means that you're from Crete and if it ends in -atos it means that you're from either Kephalonia or the Ionian islands i'm not sure
but its perfectly fine to pretend its proof right ?
Plus some people say they are nostalgic of the better times.
I have been living in Athens my whole life pal
I have been to Romania and was a passenger in a car travelling cross-country
tsigani or yifto, where and when did the term "Romani" come from to descripe gypsies?
Look it up
Edit: typo
πολυελαιος=πολυ+ελαιο=much oil
What was the reason
I love you
Nothing else
Both countries are fighting a war
It was independent, but not Greek
I like discussing with people on this sub
Medieval Greek has no gaps, very stylised and has abbreviations so you need a lot of context
I hope you didn't close the tab after 10 seconds and I also hope you understood that I just brought up an example.
" Kazantzakis
He is the evolution of the cánguras
Books by Goethe, George Bernard Shaw, Sigmund Freud, Santayana, and others were gathered and burned in gigantic bonfires
That's mostly for Athens (  ) mountainous places have kinda different weather, especially in winter they are colder
Oh NOW we want to sanction Turkey Europe
So far the best way to calculate the total cases was looking at daily deaths, looking at the history of the pandemic in said country and taking into account the confirmed cases
If there's one thing I've learned is that the people of a time period (especially if connected in some way or form) have more in common with one another than the people of today who share the same ethnic group or location with those in the past.
Like it's not even up for a debate
In Greece it'd be the Klephts and Armatoloi for sure
In Greek it's masculine for the sun "ο ήλιος" and neutral for the moon "το φεγγάρι"
Are you talking about a temple near "Artemisio" where the wello known naval fight took place?
That Hungarian minority in the middle of Romania is very interesting.
Anyway, he'd go on and on of how awful that was and he even implied once the relationship won't work which I thought he's a drama Queen, but no it's cultural
[Artemis/Artemida]
Is Greece looked down upon
I like fried potatoes very much,  they are good in some places here
i mean, we re practically indistinguishable
Like I have to struggle with my broken czech almost daily
They are passing our borders with naval fleets and our government is just too much of a dumpster fire to say anything
Sometimes they succeeded and sometimes they didn't.
Tbh it's really hard to study with that weather
Edit: I'm talking about Orban's new powers
Short Psalm hallelujah - when you're trying to prove a point and something will happen soon and the results will back you up
Love that these countries are under western influence and not Russian
Didn't Copenhagen make more sense as a capital when Denmark had control over the southern Swedish provinces
if a cow is born in horse stable, is it a horse with cowish ancestry?
The German, Austrian and Polish ones look badass.
In Greece we have this subject in junior high and high school, the name of which directly translates to "religions" and it pretty much focuses on Christianity, as you would imagine, but in one grade we also learned some things about Hinduism, Buddhism and Muslim (I actually learned about Ramadan in that class lol)
Σκουληκομυρμηγκότρυπα
First time I'm reading this tbh
The Megareans wondered why this colony was built opposite the beautiful place and not in it, and they thought people who built it were obviously blind
Do you have specific countries in your mind
Practically not that useful, but neither is Elizabeth
We need that so bad
* Ionian Islands: Cultured, sophisticated, enlightened, progressive, snobbish, thinks that are better than everyone due to proximity to Italy
How can *you* tell me with a straight face that it's bullcrap and that we don't have a neonazi problem
The first and third can be of similar origin, no?
was brutal
Obviously it's not something wrong and obviously we aren't a Slavic people,but only a northern part of Greece belongs in the Balkan peninsula.So you can't say Greece belongs there.
I am not aware of something like that
Well I dont disagree with you
Mykonos
When people realise this it will be the end of EU
Ask him what he thinks about the western and Russian influence in Greece.
Rock, disco and the usual Greek folk/entehno stuff
Dictatorships are not always established by military coup nowadays
- buy excessive groceries
I am Greek by the way, so I certainly have a lot of grievances about the way Ger ... (cough, cough) .. the EU has handled things over the past decade, if not more
Here around 50% of import/export is also done with EU countries
Their leader sells scam medicine on TV (I don't know why he isn't in jail)
Also people don't know that the RAF bombed civilian working class neighborhoods in Athens something that not even the nazis did
10-15 during november/early december is unfortunately common though
>Nowhere else in newly liberated Europe were Nazi sympathisers enabled  to penetrate the state structure – the army, security forces, judiciary  – so effectively
I saw someone that posted this [ and I think that it may be kinda accurate, so I will add other two types [
I never saw an EU flag outside of photos or television
we have [λούξ (loux)] which is the Greek fanta
No, we just carried the books in our backpacks
TIL that there is an ogre city in Latvia
Weird
it was a soap opera running for over a decade
It misses some part from the beginning and the ending line is from entirely another quote
> Scylla was a legendary monster that lived on one side of a narrow channel of water, opposite her counterpart Charybdis
You should split the "memes if Catalonia becomes independent" into two; "(no civil war), and (civil war)
Γ'ρλντ :D
Well shit, after OP pulled the pin, I was expecting the worst, but I'm happy to have found such an even-keeled response
The one is mother of other
It seems that if you are against mass (& mostly unchecked) immigration into your country you are now a Nazi.
And generally Europe always follows the political route that seems to benefit the German economy even if the majority won’t benefit from it
yea because we immediately take the decorations off after Christmas and totally do not wait until Easter
We call it the Golden Age of Pericles and it was mainly in Athens, not necessarily the whole of Greece
I just googled ''vowel harmony'' and it's actually a thing.
Ιts 14c right now here
Yeah, the situation isnt getting any better.
I also like very much a movie called five more minutes
(Edit:added more)
Serbian fans raised that same banner "Noz, Zica, Srebrenica" in a match between Greece and Bosnia in November.
I grew up in Athens, never went on the Parthenon until I was like 16yo and we had some foreign visitors
I clearly said that it's ours and their politicians fault.
There is no taxation of German products like with american products lets say so theyre almost cheaper than Greek ones and this is hurting Greek factories
^^^sobs
Even the taxi drivers refuse to go there especially at night.
Guns, weed and alcohol
Fascists and femboys wasn't a combination i expected to see today
Saddening really, to see only a few countries like Italy and France somewhat supporting us throughout this whole ordeal .
It depends on where you live
"Για πάντα τα αστέρια σου θα λάμπουν πάνω σε μία Ενωμένη Ευρώπη."
Our TV channels are playing mostly American, British & Greek movies
Never call someone's bullshit or never go against someone's beliefs, here people will defend their opinion like it's their home even if proven wrong
Greece might be a shithole right now but there is no way I would leave for the US  because of the quality of life
160m making it a perfect winter destination, houses are made in a beautiful stone/wooden style and the local food is PHENOMENAL
By Greek do you mean place of birth or ethnic self identification
But right now Athens is the best choice , because Athens ( not the municipality of Athens , the boarder  area\_)is the richest are of Greece and it has the most businesses, cultural activities like theaters  also sports ,music festivals and  technological businesses etc and is   the city with most population and it is easily accessible from al the mainland Greece
From what I know, pork, unlike beef, really needs to be cooked in order to be safe for eating :/
These little places, where there are only a couple of people in the kitchen cooking only a few dishes per day and not laying in front of you a miles-long menu I think  are the best
With many of his speeches and even excerpts of Mein Kampf being translated in books and newspapers at the time.
"Γεια σου ρε μαλακα, που'σαι ρε αρχιδι, μουνοσκυλο"
We are xenophobic, philoxenia is still just that, treating someone like a foreigner
We are drivers with bad manners
I would also make a stop on the Alps if possible
BTW how is the situation , regarding this issue, in United States of America
First name + last name,
ummmmmmmmm no
The list goes on
Funi
In reality Greeks work [more hours per week] than almost all other Europeans and have [totally average levels of personal debt] almost exactly the same as a German citizen and less than those from France, Sweeden, the UK, or the Netherlands
If they just beat him no one would care, fair game in people eyes
Crete became an Emirate and in fact, the Saracens did much of the city building there, where as before it was a minor settlement and a port, it was then that it became a full-fledged city
The reason reading and speaking will be easy:
Maybe take a break from Reddit?
What the hell have you been doing the last 5 years
ΓΕΙΑ ΣΟΥ καληnotches
Oh and [this ] isn’t cringe
Ancient Greek, Latin and French
No worries we mostly blame our own politicians,some german politicians ,and if you happen upon someone who has thought it through, ourselves.
I wouldn't dare either
if people have lost some basic abilities of critical thinkinking, it is not my guilt.
Send free money now
She always finds either stray cats or dogs to feed them the leftovers
I'm still bitter about the total lack of solidarity inside the EU.Instead,the EU decided that we need more austerity and impoverished people.Smart move indeed.
Try PA haha - No beer and wine sold at the same place, beer can be sold either in a maximum of 2 six-packs or a minimum of a crate (different stores).
The rest of you merely adopted it
Who are you
Girls from north Greece love it
I've seen it in some office buildings though
People are being arrested by literal thought police
She was stolen a few years before the Greek revolution so I wouldn’t say she doesn’t want to go back
It would all remain peaceful if there weren’t paid rioters
as for "nobody's gonna bother enforcing them". thats our whole legal system
Or did the last bombings kill everybody?
Since they are pretty similar dishes with a few base ingredients being different
There is not really much you can do/see outside of Athens, Thessaloniki and the islands.
Colder than Iceland
11 έντεκα (enteka)
Koine Greek, the common Greek from Jesus' time (so 50AD) I recognize most words in sentence and make out the meaning most of the time, only tried reading it in the Bible but I'm biased maybe because I know the way things are phrased in the Bible
The Ottomans occupied us for 400 years doing a lot of atrocities in this time frame
Santorini and Mykonos
Leonidas
(I) Happy (verb) that you (I) meet
We also eat a lot of octopus (it's relatively expensive though)
However they are often questions in TV games
What a little monster he was
I remember when we were out on the streets protesting, thinking we’d change something
when I'm in a cheeky mood I answer with words/phrases like "yo
Armatoloi were the ones amongst them that were commissioned from the empire to enforce the Sultans authority in such inaccessible areas
The economy of the town is entirely dependent on the mine and the negative effects of the mine are well known
sorry, meant "like yandex is to google".
Now I understand why England left this super state hellhole
It didn't reach over 29° for quite a while where I live and I briefly thought it was going to be the best summer of my life
e.g.
This time the incentive was provided by the construction of a new Gallery to house the collection
You know very well why Cyprus is vetoing the sanctions and it has nothing to do with Belarusian regimes
As anecdotal evidence, I don’t know anyone that has encountered aggressive stray dogs of any kind, they are friendly and want to be petted so they come up to you some times
Maybe it's a cliché but for a reason [Sirtaki - Mikis Theodorakis]
My ex from Odense definitely agrees with you
France = Γαλλία = Gallia
Our Santa Claus lives in modern Turkey Kappadokia
5ml) is 0
Turkey is still an Islamic country.
You claimed that there are "often" troubles between Greece-Albania games, I corrected you that troubles happened only once in 2004.
Sorry,you are wrong
From most of the answers what can someone conclude is that real estate prices have skyrocketed pretty much everywhere in Europe the last 10-20 years
A person called Giannis is always registered as Ioannis, Vasilis as Vasileios, Thanasis as Athanasios etc
There are people who prefer it though
I don't think the people at /the_donald understand european politics much (except UK maybe) , or know enough about these politicians.
The action of banning it even in 1 school is enough to make the headlines in many newspapers though,that's my point.
Ah right, thanks
You put banana (among other weird things) on your pizza, everything else are just simple misdemeanors tbh LOL
I know it was used by the Karamanlides to write the Turkish language, and Wikipedia suggests a few other occasions Greek script was used for writing other languages ( [ ), but no other language uses it today afaik
Another thing is that nobody wears desert boots here butthey seem common throughout North Europe
The thing is it's Greece so you never know what happens with so much corruption
8 days till the end of 2020
Seems pretty conservative
In Greece people-especially the youth- love to troll lidl.There are in fact many jokes about lidl.
(Greek soap operas are not much better either anyway)
Μπορω να ειμαι παντου, ανα πασα στιγμη, και μπορω να σε σκοτωσω με πανω απο 700 τροπους, και αυτους μονο με τα χερια μου.
If cafes count, then definitely this hard rock cafe at municipality of Athens
Spain remains our only interlocutor
Well for starters because you probably mean "murderers", asking for murders in jail is a bit too much
But you didn't have wolves for a long time too right
In the US you are usually not allowed to alter your rented home.
But please stop switching, it's pointless and annoying
When we get stalled at the airport when abroad, because they think our ID card is fake
MP like military police
So I'd always ask if they speak English, and jf they said no, I'd speak some french and they'd reply using simple slow words so that i could understand
We have German friends that lend us money
Demetrious, the "protector" of the city
they just forgot
I agree that the government can put legal restrictions  on freedom (btw the law is a social construct) (or the opposite) . But that doesn't mean that they can give you freedom
Ich spiele
It's something else entirely
When Friuli was liberated, they went to Austria but were captured by the British and sent to the USSR, where they were killed by Stalin
So glad you surfaced from the deep web abyss for a breath of fresh air :)
I've seen way more bar fights in 'civilized' western Europe than in eastern Europe.
Kinda yeah , from movies and such
I love Warsaw
Just look at the political stability that you have in US compared to parliamentary democracies that survive on weak coalitions and hold elections every now and then.
You seem like a nice friend
ΑΣΤΕΡΙΞ ΚΑΙ ΟΜΠΕΛΙΞ
At first I thought it was one of those "what if the North Pole melted" maps
But for reading and writing we're OK
Either with our personal vehicle, if it fits inside or by delivery
When it gets full, we empty the basket by removing the bag and then we install a new one
There's a wikipedia page for [EU Med Group] actually, which seems to be the one you had in mind.
When you're mad for a silly reason or when you don't agree with something : Drink vinegar
Sanctioning Belarus was an easy thing to do because they had nothing to lose
I like mochaccino, even though I usually don't drink coffee
in England you get your mom's name here in Greece you get your dad's name and I was born in England and since my parents wanted to come back so I had to get both names
Only politically, which wouldn't be enough to keep our islands intact.
At least the crescent moon and star are nice shapes
Basically all of our ancient or medieval history which is full of civil wars and back-stabbing
I know this, next time before making an assumption out of nowhere, ask.
The Hjönkening is now
He banned rebetiko
Drinking our ass out, and then wondering why our head is dizzy and our wallet empty
Like 2, one in Germany and one in the UK
I don't think there are that many real Nazis left alive to be worried about?
I live in Ireland too, and I think that despite it being a generally very well run country, and their politics do not incude the lunatics that ours do, they are intentionally ignoring the extremely high rents of Dublin
Not true for all the coats out there
Then again it's not a subject you put too much effort into
Personally, when speaking Spanish for example, I love people correcting me because this way I will never make the same mistake again
Yeah
Women need to step up their game
I also heard it used for other nations too, but not that much.
you now use a different definition of racism than the one discussed here.
and miller comes from the greek word ''milo'' that means apple so basically we are all fruit!
...and still forgive debts cause they won't be paid with a weak and devalued drachma.
so a couple of thousand episodes I guess
Keep doing what you're doing, it's working for us :)
I like it
Greece VS literally every country we border.
It's very dystopian
TIL and skordalia
Greeks generally speak decent English, but a relatively common mistake is not knowing when to use "say" and "tell" as there is only one word for these two in Greek
Τσελίκης is a common surname that is actually a Turkish word: celik.
I did not even write that the EU is the only one that is ever blamed
* Agrafa: Same as above, replace the Minoans with the Dorians (see a pattern
And we used to count up like this up to 100 and them we left to find the hiders
Well going as a tourist you're propably going to see the bright side of the city
Fuck you
Yes
It will get crazy
In Greek letters only make one sound (with a few exceptions) and the spelling follows pretty predictable rules, so yes I can know how a word is spelled by hearing it
It has to be Alexis Tsipras' "Madam Merkellll" I don't have a link right now but please check it out
No fucking way, they are usually dicks and NEVER on time
it's not as bad as others , although still way too premature
So in my house we will eat e
So, how do we find the money for all that shit, without blaming ourselves
I think it depends on the people and on the immigrants
IIRC that's pretty much what my friend had told me.
What if somebody doesn't identify as a passenger and they get triggered?
Greeks work more hours than every other European
Though unemployment plays a huge role in all that
Clowns
On the southern side of it there's an area called 'Agrafa', literally translated to 'Unwritten' but more accurately 'Unregistered' or 'Uncharted'. It's an area completely surrounded by 2000m mountains, and the river of the area exits through impassable gorges
Anyway, the ancient Greeks used to associate this irrational fear that we call a panic attack today with the God Pan, and therefore we have the word "Panic".
I'm happy that you know all that :) I'd ask you to be a man and at least admit that you just wanted the island instead of hiding behind your excuses of protecting the Turkish Cypriots but that would imply that you have balls and well
How philosophers were executed for their ideas, and how often civil wars occured
Attacking flairs is ridiculous and makes you look like a dumbass.
hahaha ok I can't even finish this
The Macedonia thing is political issue only and it's just about the name
Do you think a Merkel visit in Tunisia helps a rape victim ?
I wonder if any other languages have this
Today the 51st Super Bowl takes place in the USA.
Quite a bit, admittedly
Then it's the portion
I could finally sing along and not make incoherent noises ! Though I was 14 when I got my certificate
If the left wants populists and socialists to represent them they are free to do so.
Νεονίλλη?!?!?!?!?!? Weird name
wtf
Hey Greece is insulted twice
I absolutely adore Portugal and Croatia
As a Greek 1€ for a bottle of water seems kinda insane
How can't people see that
Its simple,  easy to remember and to draw, with historical meaning etc
I don't hate Americans, but I do hate this  kind of culture
I can't stand the [concrete hell] that is Athens
i know a lot of people who just did this
Again, I don't wish to make any absolutist statements, so the keywords are "may have".
I hope this makes my point clearer
Now imagine if Biden ends up being worse than Trump
Well, there are still countries with different currencies
Eh it depends, by the time of Nero " provincials" had full right and even someone ftom Spain ¥though still Roman citizen) could become Emperor
Yeah,  that's why we have states and authorities, so random people who are mostly neo-nazis don't decide to just kill someone because they founded him guilty
Generally it pushes for austerity measures even though they keep not working
Χαχα έτσι είναι αλλά είμαι και μισός Γάλλος οπότε έχω και τα δύο options ;)
Greece/Cyprus
The only reason they got the seats they did at parliament is because most people only vote for the 2 main parties so they snack in as "3rd most voted" with only 7% of the votes
The Left needs to become liberal again ( like it was in the early 20th century ) and abandon the socialist rhetoric.
given the opportunity I want to thank the european maps of Railroad Tycoon 3 that made me the geography buff I am
Raki: The real spirit (ha) of Turkish-Greek friendship.
If it's just one word and it's a homophone then you can't tell
Now realizing I've probably hurt a few people when I actually did what I said I would do
With long ass names that are unpronounceable too
Like, I know you're technically just sitting or standing, but it feels like sensory overload every time
Nah she was just looking out for me it was like a suggestion because in these exams the guys who correct them would simply give you a bad grade if they had trouble reading your hand writing because they correct so many exams they have no tolerance
Obviously while all these things could happen saying that if you give your kid soda on their birthday you might give your kid crack every day isnt rational
It's just that I personally can't hear greek on any other setting (action, horror etc
I think it is expected that they would come out against backdoor.
If it offers you any comfort, our man Xenophon wrote a whole ass book about your guy Cyrus, and also Aeschylus wrote a play titled "The Persians", unique among ancient Greek plays because it was based on real life people, rather than myths
Plus many welfare projects were put into place for the first time then, while there was also an increase in infrastructure related projects, again, to accommodate this massive influx of refugees
Then from 1936 to 1941 we had the Metaxas dictatorship, which is viewed the most favourably out of the 3, simply cause although fascistic the only ones who really were affected negatively were slavs and communists, and since Metaxas was an expert in defensive warfare he was a huge part of the reason we were winning against the Italians in 1940-41
First 2 points are inane, but the third is funny
Belarus: Red and yellow
ah *proceeds to go to the bathroom to explosively puke*
Edit : I didn't anticipate so much hype
Yea it is blessed
We have our main Communist party ΚΚΕ (initials for "communist party of Greece"), but there are two more that are called:
And he s an extremely needy person.
Cue stoner cackle (it was that kind of night)
i notice most of them are women,interesting
Saudi Arabia, China, Turkey etc
Historic decision
10 to 15 is chilly
Yeah identity politics is a plague, i hope that madness ends soon.
This is why every other country is calling you out on it :)
Shit, it looks like someone switched the video game settings from high to low.
Living costs compared to UK with salaries compared to Bulgaria
The fact is that Poland has a too big rural population, which is 30 years in the past in certain issues
- 10^15 = tetrakisekatommýrio (Four times 10^(6))
Found the Turkish immigrant
I don't know how Germans and Italians feel but when we Greeks talk about "the war", we swell with pride
Dont forget άνω κωλοπετεινίτσα (upper kolopetinitsa, which does not exist afaik) and στου διαολου τον κώλο/το κέρατο (at the devils ass/horn)
Same thing that happened in Greece after the arrest of members on ''Golden Dawn''.
Greece would, ordered many foods, got drunk, started to sing drunk songs with Germany and asked you a loan , so we can pay for everything we ordered
It should be said that we have activists for LGBT rights, but they don't fall under SJW category.
They do all the other stuff you know too
The greek one doesn't even look like an ID card
Good riddance
In the last national elections  the parties that entered the parliament were
There's not a trace of Atlantis either
Have some respect to the country that civilised the world.
However we have a lot of common history and culture ties, lots of Greeks sem to think its the Turkish *state* that causes issues and we tried to came closer during the late 90s (see Earthquake Diplomacy) so when we meet in Germany for examplw they feel like they accudently meet their cousin in a far away place, even if they hated each other as kids and got in fistfights.
His father was from an Albanian tribe and his mother was a Serbian princess.
hey at least we don't mind stuffing our asses with things.
Does Greece still owe money to Germany
Convey me his reaction, I really hope he likes it
A proper parliamentary democracy would have smaller parties challenging the big boys on smaller platforms and eventually get absorbed by them.
They have made 3-4 videos based on that.
>line dancing is a sin
You know how people will often say: "french people have it easy learning Spanish because the two languages have similarities, it's not fair to us (Scandinavians, Slavic people, etc)" and the same deal with other combinations
All I'll tell you is that you won't truly know it until you try it
Well i guess you are talking about colleges.
Perhaps since 1453
In awareness of my ignorance, I simply refused to involve myself with organized religion so long as social life allows and have almost no spiritual baggage as a result
Yayy, Germany is the best
Στη θάλασσα τη γαλανή
I don't think cups and teaspoons/tablespoons are American measurements, we have them here too
I know that what is true
What I wrote was "We have a tendency to blame others for our problems, and the EU is one of those 'others', among others". Just this
Greece’s Response to its Resurgent Debt Crisis: Prosecute the Statistician
Don't worry, most Greeks would agree with you
and actual grown ups get drunk at weddings and such big celebrations
It was the winter semester so I’m sure it was cold but I followed her on social media and her pictures were gorgeous, so I’m sure it must have been a fun experience :)
Literally almost nothing is being teached about this within the Greek educational system and in a way it's considered taboo
Maybe, I hear both much
I looked it up on Google trends and basically Patras is a big one with about 250k pop, without being necessarily the most famous
Coming from Greece you can take a guess with Slavic peoples from the haircut, body type, facial structure, cross necklace and clothes
I didnt know you can put your country next to your name XD
When i visited Prague and learned this i was shocked af :D.
I highly recommend the latter
AFAIK, the smugglers deliberately sink the boats and call for help, so rescue services from italy are obliged to go get them to italy, even if they are only a few miles off Libya.
Mixing between christians and muslims was prohibited in the Ottoman Empire.
Alternative: The Angry Mongolian Man excibit
do you think Greek culture is eating baklava and drinking coffee?
FeelsEasternEuropeMan
I do remember going back to Finland a different year at the beginning of August and I had to buy myself a leather jacket because it was rainy and chilly most days haha
How democracy was only for few privilledged men
Not who you replied to, but skipping military training doesn't land you in prison in Greece, except for periods of war
And greek people are relatively well educated (but without work experience).
The terms themselves (absence or rejection of belief in a deity vs ignorance on the existence of deities) fundamentally have no contradiction between themselves, you can absolutely hold both
Until then your link isn't an argument
Been a while since i genuinely had a good laugh with a meme post on here, have my upvote cause this is too accurate
Lepen and the various other rightwing parties are not part of the 'new right' which is their target audience.
Still not operational
I can fly to see my friends in Poland, Italy and Spain just with my ID
So far here in Greece lower temperatures than normal in end july with 33 to 35
It is the same country the USA.
Every film about the life of Jesus is (at least supposedly) set there
Athens is actually Athena (Αθηνα) in Greek
Opium and Heroin
Our government has done some horrible and despicable things
Both of these are the wrong flags though
In modern parlance it's always "the strike of Enceladus" when refering to earthquakes, and it pretty much only appears in news reports as it's ridiculously pompous for everyday conversation
Males -> - oulis Females -> - oula
A free, tolerant and democratic society needs laws and policies that protect their freedom, tolerance and democracy from various threats ,in order to remain free, tolerant and democratic and to keep progressing
There are quite a few "varieties" (as usually called) of greek, but most of them are relatively easy to understand for someone who only speaks the standard modern language.
I love that Greek is a very rich and descriptive language
Ehhh that would mean that we don't know the difference between plus and minus, not in front and behind
We are xenophobic, philoxenia is still just that, treating someone like a foreigner
Sad but true
Well I don't know where you lived in Italy but if it was north of Napoli you propably wouldn't have heard it, also for starters people need to know that you're Greek to say it
Not British but I know Birmingham from the show Peaky Blinders
-Elisabeth
If you want my opinion I'd say they were Greeks but many will have objections about it
HMM WHO COULD IT BE
I hope there aren't any victims
Yeah that's correct
We have the king of olives my friends, Kalamata olives
You think Greece is an anomaly ?
It's the best of both worlds tbh
I'm also from Asia minor so that adds insult to injury lol
All I know from this guy is that I heard he got poisoned a while ago(?)
Not to mention Turkish coffee which is also black coffee, even though that’s made in a cevze
Erdogan is literally a cult figure, I don't think is any question who will win the election, he likely already has his disciples all across Turkey ready for action on election day .
Creta
And also joins at the end of supposed fasting and dies from too much food.
It's good to see our people finally stand up for something
You can consider yourself lucky
Im pretty sure you choose 4 subjects to write idk I'm not sure I'm going to be giving those Exams next year
I left Greece in 2007 for University, totally thought I'd return after my studies but it turns out there are no jobs for me to return to
-Dont worry friend the sun is still shining, whats there that cant be resolved
I am now starting my final year in High-School and until now we have never done a lesson on WWII, maybe we talked about it a little bit with our teacher but it was never required to be taught
* Greek always tells you which syllable is stressed in a word with more than one syllable so there's you'll never have any uncertainty about whether it's pronounced πότε and ποτέ.
Another one good for parties is  Cheatcode-sapranov
That seems a bit weird to me to be honest, I never felt offended when I was misunderstood for someone from a different country when I used to live abroad - and it has happened many times.
” His grandmother looked on him in shock, opening her mouth
If anything, we should despise them
The only good that came out of this dictatorship was economic growth and the modernization of the military not much else
The other 2 are for the EU
Joking aside I don't think we get blamed for anything really
Okay, thank you for pointing it out
Cold milk with cookies is a great combination
My city, Heraklion of Crete, had been under siege by the Ottomans for 21 years, back when the city was called Candia and was under Venetian rule
In phenomenal cabinet picks like Mattis or Tillerson.
I'm from Greece and I had never heard of it before
Intresting, I guess closer to the Greek [pronunciation]
There do they suppose to never return it even if they asked for just one minute
Baltics want action against belarus-Russia Cyprus and Greece want action against turkey
We are not yet at the point where we have a world government, so until then, we need pivots to organize ourselves.
I personally consider the entire history of the Byzantine Empire to be a plot hole
Do you think that those Greek politicians are not to blame at all?
I have two hoodies like that, but I've never actually read what is written on them
If they lived here permenently then yes I would let them vote as long as they had citizenship and did military service, I would also strip away that right from Greeks who live permenently on another country
Is the most popular team sport in France rugby ?
" (1,2,3) and so on
I wonder how our world would have been today if roman empire still existed
TIL there's a plan to populate Aegean islets as a deterrent to Turkey's territorial claims (Xpost from r/Greece)
Fuck it, central
Don't worry Germany, in the EU you have France as Nuclear Wingman™.
I can't imagine myself eating them without ground beef
Greece, Our vice minister of health during an interview inside the ministry of health
Just olive oil
The new government made everything worse.
The Greek Civil war was fought between the Greek government army (supported by the United Kingdom and the United States) and the Democratic Army of Greece (DSE) — the military branch of the Communist Party of Greece (KKE) (supported by Yugoslavia, Albania and Bulgaria) from 1946 to 1949
Γιατι το ειπε ο Μπάμπης ο Σουγιάς;
I'm still an amateur as a German speaker but couldn't doch translate as "indeed"?
Mycenaeans wrote in a language called Γραμμικη Β (Linear B) which was a direct descendant of Linear a, the language of all GREEK people at the time.
He is also an established baker
Fair enough about the Cyprus invasion.
The occasional pretty pic (or mild shitpost) provides some relief in the sea of bad news as long as it doesn't become the main trend.
and miss the opportunity to mark yet another time europe as the bad ones?
Το παίζει Σουηδός/To paízei Souidós: He acts like a Swede, because Swedes in older decades, pre mobile internet, never bothered to learn anything about the place they visited, just went there and somehow expected everything to work out
Wouldn't mind a union with Eire.
Greece . More than 3500 years of practice :  [Greek fist fighters]
You have such a high IQ
The first that come to mind are:
Tell Schäuble to give around 5 billions so we can buy F 35 economy strong now .
I fail to see the part where France sells off fellow EU members
How does this officially happen
It was you who made the argument.
While looking at them I told my friend in Greek, "why are those hags staring at us
I would also want the EU court to take action against violation of human rights
There's also the term «Τσολάκογλου/Tsolakoglou», the surname of the collaborationist PM
-I... Sorry Kevin I... I dont think Im prepared for this
I thought he was a man of the common people .
The greek one is named "Hymn to Liberty" and it was written while Greece was under turkish rule
Yes, we have higher wages than any eastern European country, but we also have a very higher cost of living (which is comparable to living in London btw).
Athens is a nightmare
Just pay him no mind,he doesn't deserve y'all attention.Ignore him.
Parthenhenge is full of tourists this period
Then the cats
Oh yeah, totally missed him
Yes, we learn about Christianity in primary and middle school and in high-school we study "Theology", meaning that we touch on other religions too (mostly Abrahamic)
I'm not entirely on board with that
I'm guessing by making people poorer so they cheat more
Or halázslé
In a casual setting though it's no big deal, except for the occasional grandma who will suddenly be reminded of her cow that had several rings and bells and chains to not get lost
My fluency in English also tanked a bit
love u 2 fam <3
His last name is also part of a wordplay the locals did to belittle him, they called him "το καραϊσκάκι"/"to karaiskaki", or "the lesser/small Karaiskos", the -aki suffix used in the same way you refer to something that's a scaled down version of the real thing in Greek, in a diminutive way in his case
And finally we have the 1966 to 1974 military Junta of the 3 officers
Politics were also impacted, as you had this new group of people to cater to now, and a group of people that included many highly educated folks at that
&#x200B;
Sometimes people even say things they made up straight from their mind
The part that stings is that it used to be good, and it went bad recently
But no we only have orthodox Christianity, basically being shoved down our throats
i mean
There have existed in the past many dictators, who've resisted against a greater imperialism, even one nominally belonging to the same ideological side.
Firstly, the accident happend in [Vale of Tempe] which had (back then) one of the worst national roads that Greece had
That's a pretty big assumption
Wouldn't really call any of these greek
&#x200B;
Generally you can get around easily throughout the whole country if you speak basic english.
Whoever gave the "Reduce, Reuse, Recycle" award has some really dark humour
To be honest i find the US system more stable and consistent.
In Greece it's called a "σκονάκι" (skonáki - /s̠ɡ̥o̞ˈnɐci/)
Even in the student pub inside the campus
wait till they block net neutrality
I remember a party when I was 13 and the girl's parents were there too
Russians can dream about Constantinople all they want.
I was once told by someone it sounds Arabic, I haven't spoken to that person ever since
He's Cypriot, but from what I know he grew up in Spain I think, and learned greek later in his life, so that explains his accent, so yeah, if you want to perfect your accent just know that his is not 100% native
Slight annoyance on the way from their private jet.
I didn't expect that , mostly because of what I have read from other Nordics
To be honest the winters here are short and not very cold
(This was a photo-collage that went viral in Greece at 2017
Even if he goes the legacy will stay.
Good food doesn't need spices to taste good
It's a combination of the words δώσω (I will/to give) and λόγος (speech/reason)
Even a loaf of bread
Definitely not by counting votes from each state for over a day
along with some hundreds of billions for debt plz.
Nein, du
2 weeks
It needs a couple more hours on the spit and plenty of lemon, we'll fix it for you!
Pretty funny that most haters here have kebab origin
Good-evening
Me neither
Some people have two names and they choose one and the other is treated like a middle name
The last one though you could say is taboo, it has embedded a fear in the Greek mind that any short of extensive government intervention via police action is "the new Junta" which as you can imagine has led to a myriad of problems
How is that the abolition of public healthcare ?
Why was Cuba's and China's response to Italy's plea for help faster
I was discussing with some Cypriot friends about that in Easter and I was shocked
I'll have to go with Cyprus
The post-coup purges in Turkey have really damaged their army quality.
And the thing is I despise smoking and cigarettes it makes me actually sick
Malakas: masturbator, person who masturbates (excessively)
-Aspasia
Would love to see one of your country, neighbor
Norse longboat hulls were differently sealed thus allowing more days in water.
They used barrel vaults since the 5th century bc.
So, I've always had this question about countries where cycling to work is the norm
The new one will be converted to burning renewable fuels in 2028 I think
You didn't answer me though
There is not an official meaning.
If you ask faculty members they will scoff and pretend that other universities other than theirs don't exist
I wish I had some Belgian fries right now
**STORM THE RUSSIAN PARLIAMENT THEY CANT DETAIN ALL OF US**
In a more serious (or reasonable, perhaps more realistic, may I say) note, I would very much love to live in a nice, cosy apartment in Florence or Rome
Τι στον πουτσο ρε μλκ, ακούγεται σαν cult
Happy birthday
The other two are indecipherable to me
Not forever, Panagitsa mou, but sometimes it's really nice
i know quite a few people who have smoked
Χαχαχα το κερασακι στην τουρτα!
What's with the attitude, are you affiliated with Lidl
Both sound way worse if you're greek
The Golden Dawn trial is still being talked about a lot
Ok this image is actually kinda gross tho :P
* Unfortunately, a couple of professors don't even bother with any of it
And put a new one with bigger letters
I can confirm too
I've never been to the US but I know that the standard coffee there is drip coffee, and hell, I would need seven cups a day to keep awake if I could only drink drip coffee
EDIT 2 : See this videoit contains information ,at some point, on how to start drinking milk, if you are lactose intolerant( if you are not, I do not see any reason to do what he suggests)
I have exactly the same question
Cyprus obviously, but it feels weird to even call it a brother country, many here in Greece think of Cyprus and Greece as being one in the same
"Dogtooth" maybe you've already seen it cause it's from Yorgos Lanthimos but if you haven't that would be my recommendation
μεράκι (meráki) is the very intense/strong love, passion and care about smth, about an activity like work
Only this year there has been a bump to 1.2%
You will be missed
exercised in the manner determined by the Constitution
I have had some of the best and freshest fish dishes here (the island is famed for its sardines), I lost count of the local ouzo brands (there are also a couple of ouzo museums on the island) and one should definitely not fail to taste its (protective destination designated) ladotyri cheese
I probably am going to learn them all someday though, when I find the time
Just like the population in the UK for example has not deviated genetically that much from the original people that inhabited the island, the Celts, Romans, Saxons, Vikings, French, normans didn't change a lot of the genetic makeup.
Even though this is the proper way theoretically, I've never seen such consistency before
Then as a bonus you also have spellings that are both accepted, for example
Κύπρος (Kipros, Cyprus)
Coming from the left/centre-left wing then-ruling PASOK party, he was a prominent minister and almost became prime minister in 1996
Please excuse my English
So you saw people celebrating after working 12 hour days for the last 8 months and thus concluded that every single Greek person refuses to work .
But like
Truth be told,it looks like a nice eastern European city.But it's geographically in Asia.
Samothraki had some weird mystical religion in the old days.
Byzantine scholars and literaries made a great contribution to the preservation and copying of classical manuscripts that enriched the Renaissance in Western Europe
Same thing in greek, the word for miss (δεσποινίς) is pretty outdated, and sounds very old-fashioned and creepy
>Second of all, to say that there is no blame to be put on outside factors (meaning the EU among others) is also just blatantly false
Also it was already the lingua franca before so why not again
I see
Antonis -> Antonákis
Pretty much everything
Learning on Reddit is never ending surprisingly :)
^^^/u/my_other_account_471
That's the dream now :3
All islands have names although the vast majority is part of a larger country
Yet why Germany feels like giving money to Serbia
I guess I didn't pay attention to it when I was like 5 or 6 and maybe they didn't mention it
But since i notice and criticize heavily both national actions and EU - NATO ones, i cant help but notice how no one cares about the aggressive attacks Turkey, a Nato member, has been creating for decades now
At least let them have their espresso first before you break their heart
Yes
1st step
Cantina outside playing star wars mus
Σαν τη Χαλκιδική δεν έχει (=There is no place like Chalkidiki, a town/county with very nice beaches and very nice to be in all around)
Don't fool yourselves from geography, Greece's five biggest cities are in blue areas
Wow, I don't even have to add anything,  that's pretty much it
For a while, UK travel agencies would book (mostly low income) groups of Brits, they'd arrive at Malia, got themselves drunk as heck, had sex on the street etc
In Greece, you found yourself fighting – or imprisoned and tortured by – the people who had collaborated with the Nazis, on British orders
Yea it is blessed
That's nice
Imagine having about 2500 years of history
Can't promise anything
As a Greek I cannot understand that.
It took a lot of effort
The first break is 15 mins, and after that its two 10 mins and the last break is 5 mins
You can also find lamb souvlaki, its just not that common cause its more expensive
I did but the music was usually either 90s pop or the classic children’s songs like μια ωραια πεταλούδα etc
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it lacks necessary context or fundamental information like what, when, where.
Το Π σημαίνει παρέα δεμένη
Yep, we do exactly the same
They sound fun, especially if you combine them, lol
United in diversity
Greece and Portugal are still richer on a nominal basis I think.
I couldn't make a single word of it, save for the names
It's the new "hip" destination to go to
Does this also apply to Instagram
And nobody is in jail yet
Not only for the murderer, Roupakias but also for their Organisation, the fucking Golden Dawn and their  chain of command .
Yes
I think that in my country you are obliged to be vaccinated in order to go to school
Hell we consider Roman history our DLC
Hmm sounds good
But it is mostly because Nazism is a convenient easy parallel for Germany, more than anything else, not because they really believe that nowadays Germany has anything to do with that
As fellow person from the Mediterranean, and after seeing many comments I have to say I recently felt really weird and sad not having  sunlight for 2 days so there is that
I am also thinking about visiting the states when I will finish my studies , I also want to visit  European countries
As for the rest, you can send them an email and pray they reply (Greek university professors are notorious for avoiding questions from students)
eat the meat
Modern Sparta is not the same location
thank you bros
Its amusing how for a country that's so obsessed about honour etc you're so shamelessly lying to yourself and you're afraid to admit your country's shit
The American police has killed at least 12 in less than a week
"Russian *Pro-Embargo* Lawmaker Caught Shopping For Embargoed Fish In Finland" would be news.
Immigrants basically rebuilt Germany after the war.
I would say New Years Eve cause all people  are cheering, they celebrate and they gather to eat , drink and have fun, outside there are fireworks and the atmosphere is generally cheerful
Cause in Greek it's Μουνόδουλος (Mounódoulos) which literally translates to "pussy slave" which is way different attitude from plain "simp
Istanbul
Why didn't you say "A Brit from Infowars" ?
I may or may not be kind of biased here, but if you count Greece as a Balkan country, then probably Athens because of the importance in history I guess
Yet we had to do a mutual deportation of Greek Turks to Turkey and Turkish Greeks to Greece in 1923.
Petra <3 (Never been there, but this place calls me like a Siren)
The government literally shot itself in the foot and gave the middle finger to all us non-smokers
On the contrary I believe that without those basic rules there could arise some major problems concerning the use of said language
He's my hero, for killing a genocidal maniac
Can someone link the patch notes
Congrats Estonia
Just hire a russian speaking actor
We had many wars/conflicts with them and our people are constantly fighting with each other
But reading and speaking is a breeze and we always appreciate when people try out our language even if you suck at it
Btw I got it,  I was kinda kidding
(though there's a small oil production going on, and plans for increasing it)
Cyprus, 5
It may not be my native language, but I've still forced way too many people to give "rød grød med fløde" a try
Don't try do deflect on me
I personally have encountered too many times anti-german people
But it has come to a point where German and duch elections dictate my salary for the next few months.
That goes directly against the meaning of the treaty
I'm lowkey terrified of written polish
Yes, that is all true
im sorry for greece that will suffer another big ass wave of refugees that the rest of europe gonna say "it aint ma problem"
Usually by 12 or 13 people drink, they don't really get drunk until like 14 or 15
Yep that's correct
I TELL YOU
> even Ross couldn't all though he had all of Thanksgiving
Guess who gets to know the immigration police officers better every time
As I recall England and France were enemies of Germany when the war broke
But anyway, yeah, most of them were part of the Kingdom of Sicily for some time
Big corporations want to destroy the concept of state/government so they can become a new kind of government
Both from police and uniformed thugs and private thugs
This would be Greece if Greeks cared about the country's fucked up state as much as they care about Macedonia's name
Also: Αλέκος (Alekos), it's supposed to be a derivative of Alexander but to me it sounds like the Greek equivalent of a redneck
Aegean airlines flight over the Peloponnese to celebrate the 200 years from the start of the Greek Revolution
Lets count islands next, shall we?
And I'm jealous too of your cousin's, I thought I was lucky to speak 2 languages fluently but I just got outclassed lol
Since I'm Greek I've obviously visited loads of ancient temples and ruins, and some in Italy too
AND THAT WAS THE FIRST MISTAKE, because those people didn't die in prison, they eventually got freed
At least we fine them and get some of the stolen money back
(I do not count Riot police in this because they again are not armed with firearms)
Now 200-250€ might seem like a joke, but when you live on the line it makes a big difference
(note: although it was named court of the six 8 people were on the court but only six got executed) the six were people who thought to be responsible for the Asian minor disaster
"No, Russian Agents Are Not Behind Every Piece of Fake News You See" - "...but Putin is getting aroused thinking of the prospect".
The media absolutely hated golden dawn,they had a black-out on them and constantly ran negative reports on them,how can you say with a straight face such lie that golden dawn was normalized by media
... I mean
Estonia's public debt I guess (and the digital government thing probably)
The fact that knowing it, adds a whole new layer of meaning to many universally known English words
Lol ,I guess you are funny
I'd argue that it's even worse for a rich country to be generating their power like that, yet no mention of them
Facts are FACTS
in Greece it's not very common but when someone rats you out you tell them "the Germans are our friends right
There's no way
(It looked like the New York one)
Kibbeling on the other hand, with some knoflooksaus, is something delicious and worth trying
We added an "i" making it Tefteri/ Τεφτέρι. Though it's used only by boomers
He was the first shitposter
If you want a rationally organized state instead of a democracy, you have china or north korea.
They will never know how earning your money with modern skills feels like, and be able to go above the back-breaking labour that uneducated illegal immigrants can do for half the price
You need to absolutely part with the idea that Turkey is an enlightened nation ready to examine its past or that the majority of Turks condemn these actions because they just don't. It will be generations before Turkey gets there, if at all
Don't take my comment so serious, it was sarcasm as you can see
The Byzantine Empire was strongest under [Basil II] It was only after his death that the decline started to happen.
Europe and US authorities cry foul over Chinese food import plans
A website called all about Turkey is talking about homer
Many native speakers often confuse the last two choices
The post-brexit UK will be a kitty and the US its owner
*Slaps roof of Germany*
Also Crete, I surely didn't expect that
5€ in kiosks or convenience stores but they are dirt cheap in supermarkets, like 0
Some old man started the fire by burning weeds in his garden
Koroni, Methoni, Medieval Mani etc
My husband would do an obvious eye roll and exhale which me and the people working there would find it rude
it was merely an observation, you are talking out of your ass, knowing nothing about a problem and blaming the people actually dealing with it instead of just talking and pushing it on others.
Personally I am not religious, so I don't go to church, but all the people I know just go to the church in their neighborhood which is of the same denomination as their ancestors had (mostly orthodox in Greece, but few catholics exist as well)
I'd say that I don't particularly like the way it sounds and how non-discriptive it can sometimes be, but I like that it's super easy to use and it flows well
I've been there
75 years ago children couldn’t go to school because there was war
Hat's off
Not sure if that made any sense but you (hopefully) get my point
I don't mind it, in fact it can be a lot of fun when you're younger, I would just prefer if they weren't violent
I haven't studied about Homer so I don't know how he described them, but there's no way that the Greek tribes looked different from each other.
I don't think you understand how important the single market and easy travel is to an economy.
When and where was he imprisoned
there's basically no point to look at the bus schedule
The pattern of this can is iconic, you 'll see it doubling as a flowerpot and a designer even made a shopper bag with it
I trust my fellow Greeks will never give them majority.
>Minors  in the Kifissa prison were beaten with wires and socks filled with  concrete
I agree with this
In recent times we had George Papandreou (born in Minessotta, US)
Γατα which means cat in Greek and is pronounced Gata with the g pronounced like the ll in tortilla
I would like to try something like that of I had the chance, but probably go for Canada tbh
Boyfriend  -> friend
Just keep your eyes and ears open, be receptive, take it all in and enjoy the place
Their chants are not really good though.
Too accurate for my feelings
I would say that people outside of Athens don't have a big problem understanding what they are  saying, especially in Rhodes where they speak a similar way
Just because you don't like the current president that doesn't mean the US "was".
>Sounds like something a Greek would make up
Of course it would be Sakis Rouvas...
I wonder what Greece does wrong and what Greece does even worse
We only make it once a year at the end of the Holy Week
These people came from non-European lands and are today perfectly integrated in the Greek society.
It's a mistake that makes more sense if you speak the language but you don't always write it down, yet it's totally weird for English learners because you can immediately see that this thing doesn't exist in the written language
Well, in the theoretical case that 2 NATO members go to war against each other...
What, depth
I don't think Νυχτεριδα means that, it may come from Νυξ the goddess of the night (daughter of Chaos), but that is a long path to Νυχτεριδα with many other meanings in between
Greece's second largest city, Thessaloniki, had such an important and numerous Jewish community that it was nicknamed [mother of Israel] with jews making up at least one third of the total population until the start of the 20th century
The mother scared, freezes, looks with straight-[wide]open eyes, very cute, and flees
Also: Αλέκος (Alekos), it's supposed to be a derivative of Alexander but to me it sounds like the Greek equivalent of a redneck
Even saying that "youth should act like bees in regards to the treaty", he has riled up his youth base to question Greece's borders, which is not a good sign for the future.
Anyway, a lot of Turks today do probably have a considerable Greek or Armenian dna
Yeah, like the BREXIT vote would have made people aware of the madness that is spreading like wildfire.
Refugee town right next to the border 10/10
All former Ottoman regions did bad.
The CHP may not be Islamist but saying that if they replace the AKP things will change is absurd.
That we are poor
For example, the Dodecanese which we got back only after the second World War
They've called us lazy, they've called us morons but without the Balkans, modern Europe wouldn't even exist
The other day we were having a nice chat at work
Technically, yes, and then Turkey decided it's their turn to fuck shit up well after the Junta was toppled
Same in Greece
None, why would i?
Colorado greens and Stroopwaffels will be exactly like Amsterdam ;p
Black Sea region at +25 °C and Istanbul under a meter of snow at places.
nah we'll just give you the Turkish treatment and throw you out or lynch you in the streets...maybe walk you through a desert without provisions?
They are way more conservative than Athens, more religious on average and have a very annoying type of localism
In the Greco-Turkish war we had initially won back some of our lands and had expanded our state but we wanted too much and went in too far, spread our forces around and actually lost even what we had won
Technically true
Aren't both of them trying to go full Putin?
Souvlaki from the tavern, or maybe pizza from Spyros
*^(Not the same song, but it started playing in my head)*
Anyway, I met an old man who wanted me to try his chestnut jam, infused with honey
a troublesome and aggressive country even if you're not aggressive towards Bulgaria
Funny because greek are the base for some of these languages
Do you have specific countries in your mind
&#x200B;
Even having a small knife is considered illegal and you will be charged like having an actual gun
Have a bad feeling we're not goint to hear more about him and sadly we will probably forget it too
The greek one doesn't even look like an ID card
Help
it's not unsolicited advice, at least [the Danes straight up asked for our help!]
However, you wouldn't ask the same if you dined in a gourmet restaurant
I categorize it as the smallest non small country
But we should also remember that there is a black market caused by this and many other kinds of weapons are being sold and bought everyday.
Also, a bit jokingly, I believe anyone who can, will take the rest of the week off cause bars and restaurants open today after a 6 month lockdown
Yeah, to the point that when you’ve heard Mitsotakis in English, he kinda sounds boring in Greek
Reminds me of  the black island in Tintin
You can do a shit tone of fuckery with this, there is a single word that is like 5 sentences in an ancient Greek play and it's basically a recipe with all the ingredients fused together into on word
I'm not withholding secret information from the general public, I just basically said "same happened to me" in our language
You can be immoral and law-abiding at the same time
Generally i never really cared for those countries
Edit: im not defending the US jeez, i just want better stats
Salaries have not followed not even slightly
Spelling will be a nightmare so just know that
Yeah and it's the 5th (technically 6th) largest city in Greece
We like him more than we like others ;)
Dammit this would be a fascinating discussion that I wasn't around for
I feel that most greeks hate it and that's why I feel a bit insecure about it
But as you can understand there's also a lot of mocking and especially from the Cretans who live in the cities or west Creta because they say that this accent is for villagers
One of your football players recently got arrested in Greece for drunkenly fighting with a cop
Cant imagine Poland's surprise when she wakes up and cant recognize anyone around :O
For example Northern Florina
4d chess, he learned from Trump.
Let's show them some great food culture xD
Above that we have 1st, 2nd etc ΟΡΟΦΟΣ.  I would say ΟΡΟΦΟΣ has an implication of being above ground level and you would never say ΟΡΟΦΟΣ 0 even if elevators assign it this number
Come to think of it, we still do
no not at all most people will actually appreciate it, but be carefull cause some pricks will try to teach you swearwords for example [this poor man] he thinks he is simply greeting people in Greek while he is actually saying "HELLO YOU WANKER (a bad word commonly used by close friends), HOW HAVE YOU BEEN YOU TESTICLE, PUSSYDOG" this video went viral in Greece and i feel very bad for this man who obviously doesn't know what he is saying
Before the internet we needed messengers.
Of course he will never pay you back
It's very difficult to run a house by yourself though if the kids are working they contribute to the family's budget
there aren't so many nerds but they do exist and so the other "different " guys.Most schools are shitholes where you cant learn anything when students do all kinds of shit in the class and most teachers/professors dont care at all.We dont have clubs but the school can form a team to play o like a tournament with other schools of the region.We do have class president, accountant and 3 member starting from 3rd grade.From 7th grade you can also be school president,vice president and member but you are useless you can't do anything.We have (as a class)something like prom 2 times or more a year where you book a bar/club for the night and we take a cut from the admission fees so we can go on a 3-day class trip on 9th grade and on a 6/7 day trip on 12th grade.But that varies from school to school
I have the worst for you
If EU doesnt hold this stance , it will aggravate a member state, it will directly interfere in their internal politics about division and administration and it could probably lead into a domino effect
It depends how many members a family has,  what foods they are eating and if they cook their own food
2009-19 crisis
10%
* Thessaloniki: Same as above -except calmer- dislikes Atticians
Love it
Why do a lot of houses have glass doors
Sorry for the (quite) late reply
the same spoon
Even as a greek I find this hillarious!
χα, χο, χου all use /x/ while χε and χι both use /ç/, try it for yourself, say these syllables out loud and you'll notice the difference
May I ask where do you live
Greeks fucked up royally and Europe came to our rescue.
YES
This is why we learn French in English Canada and why they learn English in French Canada.
I am Greek and I live in Greece and that picture was a massive stereotype
We might as well go to Italy and ask for Sicily back too
It's easier to find a good AK47 in Crete, than to do all the needed regulations and buy a hunting rifle
>/Russian/
The opposite is true as well
Not all people are lucky enough to have a job.
Don't try to shame other countries about what your own country is.
Employment Benef
After ww2, greeks starter building cheap, short (5-7 floors) and minimalistic (not the modern art way, but just plain concrete) houses, who were obviously built with practical reasons in mind and had appearance completely forgotten
You can tell it was before the coup and all the shit with Erdogan eh
How is he far right
Wildfires near Athens in 2018 that cause the death of 102 people
Totally για τον πούτσο pita, dry and not tender and the souvlaki was 80% fat and 20% charred fat
The Netherlands have been traditionaly ruled by conservative, christian democrat or liberal PMs.
Free breathing
The first that comes to mind is choryátis/a (χωριάτης/α) witch literally means villager, countryman
As for Swiss wine, I didn't know that was a thing :D
The main issue is that communists on average did very well early on (for instance North Korea was doing better than South Korea at the first few years), but stagnated really fast.
Yeah, I really don't like what is going on in Russia but I always try to understand which side the source of information I read leans.
The milk is stored, cooled and stirred in stainless steel refrigerated tanks, that are washed and disinfected daily to secure the milk’s purity and freshness
some Venezuela* (more appropriate than colombia), some Guyana and maybe some Suriname...
Am i missing something
I would also love to try horseback riding, so far I have only ride a pony when I was kid and it was great, and I love animals , so it would be a very pleasant experience
I know nothing about the prelude
I agree what we need now is foreign investments.
Yet another who has a friggin forest in their backyard!
- drink tsipouro or ouzo
I know that some Greek restaurants abroad even have Greek producers directly send them stuff, so that they can not only cook Greek, but also deliver dishes that have a genuine taste of Greece
I disagree, everyone who has had even the most basic level of interaction with the other country aknowledges the similarities
Το βίντεο είχε part 2 και 3, όπου σε κάποια φάση από το GTA IV ένας npc λέει "I am a stupid malaka, please don't kill me" πεθαναααα
Rank | Passport Power | Countries
A greek who lives in germany will be called greek (not necessarily in a bad way).
A similar position was taken some years ago i believe by Russia.
I had been going through it a few months back, when I was doing some searches about my grandparents' birthplaces.
But a split second is not anywhere near long enough to cause anything more than mild pain.
Is healthcare expensive
[Unironically best song we ever sent]
It has been the case for a while already
Same thing happened with a Greek manager of Siemens (who also had German nationality) back in [2009]
Well the top iPhone right now costs as much as two months of salaries you could say buy an iPhone 4-6 but outside of their chipset and maybe camera everything else is bad and outdated, the second reason is that most people never joined the cult of apple like America has with its walled ecosystem
I will die on this hill
It's just a couple of lanes
Some people say it sounds Portuguese and I thank them
Is this satire
Though they did referred to themselves as ruler of such and such in diplomatic relations but that is not confined to Greeks.
I fell in love instantly
A good day is when friends gather, we buy some good meat, cook and drink beer
Other say they're according to parentage, making the twins Helen-Polydeuces and Castor-Clytemnestra
Well, we have a few to say the least lol
Engineering and industry are really good too, of course.
2 Italy
Wait let me take a look outside
Are Hungarians in general supporting these measures ?
300 τριακόσια (triakosia)
- Στο μουνί χωριό (in the pussy village)
That is why those smell like skunk
Let's just say founding SYRIZA party
Alcohol nowhere to be found
And they should by no means be guilted.
You did, right until you called him a moron.
But despite its origins I can assure you from my own experience that Italians use it too and very often when interfering with Greeks ;)
^ Pretty much our history until let's say the middle-end of the 20th century and onwards
What exactly are they
200 διακόσια (diakosia)
And yes, I did ask "Oh
I'm Greek and I had to google some of the parties
Also I'm hoping to be able to move to Deutschland next year if everything goes well and my job plans pan out - really looking forward to some EU laws and interaction.
Too bad 90% of the population lives in cities a couple of hours  away from any of the amazing islands
One can only dream
The gun ownership, the mafia, the vendettas, the drug trafficking have won a place in our heart for memes
I thought that σεισμος was the most formal one and the other was more metaphorical , but maybe it's because I hear σεισμος more often ( by people, news etc)
Melting cheese
I am not pretentious at all at what I said, and I am not your co-worker man
We have a city called Kastoria (beaver) and a town called Astakos (lobster) even though neither of those animals live anywhere near there
Not really
Damn right
I will thank them again when they are returned
**The past:**
Why, are you a journalist
I can't say if it's bias or not but there is no better climate on this earth than the mediterranean climate :P
There is a myth in Greece (I doubt that this myth is old though) that when the Megareans left Greece to establish Byzantium, later called Constantinople and now Istanbul, they asked the oracle of Delphi where should they go to build their new city
Seriously, it's for the best
Tsipras being a dumbass, abstained from voting.
You can take athens if you like, please just take it.
A hate clock changes about as much as I hate admitting this but I think the system works well enough as it is
We will probably by both drinks.
>Wait, no
&#x200B;
A plausible answer
There are much more beautiful and more traditional places to see in Europe in terms of history, museums and architecture
Damn you guys are light-years ahead, congrats
We've made a lot of discoveries and inventions but I I would choose the Olympic Games
So on the one hand you have the erasing of thousands of years of greek history in Anatolia
> Still a very nice place to visit if you know where to go and when
People in Europe are scared of Muslims because they are too conservative and authoritarian...
65] (1:04:50) in Great Greeks back in 2009 even though he was not Greek.
[3] The European Union now recognizes ouzo, as well as the Greek drinks tsipouro and tsikoudia, as products with a Protected Designation of Origin, which prohibits European makers other than Greece and Cyprus from using the name
Meanwhile, Dublin stubbornly refuses to present ANY temperature fluctuation, remaining between 10 and 15 degrees for 3 months
&#x200B;
Pontus, Cappadocia, Smyrna and of course Constantinople (now Istanbul) were places where Greeks had been living in for millenia and they were suddenly uprooted violently after the army lost the zone of Smyrna
86% are orthodox christians, 50% attend religious services at least monthly, 95% believe in God
It's about different, equal-standing cultures side-by-side.
Crete is generally considered as the asshole of Greece though...
Turkey didn't go there to protect anyone and it's evident by the second invasion
Whenever they tried to loosen up the grip the army intervened (they had a coup in the 60s, the 80s, even now in 2016...
Oh dear, I might be going on a long train ride soon
And also we love Fernando Santos here.
I guess knowing german would also beneficial due to many similar languages, but I don't know that for sure
Brexit will be reversed after a 7 year protracted delay to article 50.
My suggestion was not concerning an oil can in general, rather the particular one
I denied that every time
Extreme cold and heat that is
After agreeing to disagreeing we went to a pub with friends of mine and hers
" i intend to withdraw from Iraq, invade some real pussies like Spain"-Frankie Boyle
We could improve relations with Turkey and provocations should stop
In many European countries is very common to drink milk
No, really, Athens was a small village at the time of our independence and it was later chosen to be the capital because of its historical significance (mostly to showcase a continuity with ancient Greece etc
The chance was the virus for Orban
my town's name is Artemis (from the goddess)
I'm asking that because in america's competitive culture, winning is revered more than in other countries.
I mean we are still part of Southern Europe fam :P
First of all, the health-care system would probably kill me
>In the summer months, it gets warmer than 30C
I can see a school having a local competition but nothing more that that
That's not the nazi swastika, and Stalinism =/= Communism
Go get married there and then head for some lesser known island for some awesome beachporn and local food.
Battlefield 1 soldier voices have spoiled Italian for me
You count them, because European is too general.
In the same time you say that it is OK to seize territory first and then just apologize and pay for it.
The campaign to expand to Turkey about 100 yrs ago, aheemmm
Is it migrant communities, whose kids usually marry younger?
Panourgia finds the camp on Giaros – an island which  even the Roman Emperor Tiberius decreed unfit for prisoners – to have  been Wickham’s own direct initiative
I, for myself, feel safe because I'm in good physical condition, young and there aren't any reported cases in my area
It's also apparent from the way he always speaks like he's on that reality show of his or maybe some fashion police-style show
Secondly, the lorry was overloaded, with bad wheels and a driver that hasn't rest for days
I’m surprised it’s not listed on the menu considering they have a box for it
Interesting
Our debt to them can never be repaid
Hence why I find it faschinating.
&#x200B;
These little places, where there are only a couple of people in the kitchen cooking only a few dishes per day and not laying in front of you a miles-long menu I think  are the best
Greece with 48
i can't remember any other ones if any Greeks come across this add more
Γαμω means "fuck" so i think it's more accurate in the way it's used
> You must be proud
Regular school has started up again, though not like before
> another person shot at the sun because it was too hot
Rest of highlights are awesome but one of their most famous one got me disappointed
(ot adjusted, considering time zones)
Unhomogenised milk is better
Schauble is seen as the Devil in Greece, opinion that I shared and keep sharing.
Never knew, though, that there is such thing as a liver sausage, wow
I kinda hate it tbh, but I can't change it
There is no reference anywhere to "serious shitposts".
Whoever gave the "Reduce, Reuse, Recycle" award has some really dark humour
But I don't believe in such stereotypes,  and I believe that many people in Turkey are secular,  despite that these days due to Hagia Sofia we mostly see the more extremist and religious people
I know the Cypriot national anthem because it's the same as the Greek one
NATO ain’t doing shit
Its a holiday in the hottest days of summer, all of us go to the beach usually
If Macron angers hardline Islamists, he is doing something right
Seems like its a common occurence there
I am kidding I won't come there but not because I have not money, yeah totally not for that
All parties worth a damn are pro Europe and anti authoritarian
While we’re at it you can give a huge chunk of land from your country back to the Albanians/Illyrians
Are the islanders all fluent in Finnish as well
What is a Moloch
Poortugal confirmed again :(
Of course, some "provinces" will be richer than others, as is the case in any country, but ultimately the common identity is what pro/pan-Europeans are promoting
Yep
Something has to be done and simply protesting against terrorism ain't gonna do it
Greece did better than east europe/balkan countries cause it wasn't a country with communism.
The situation in the Balkans is weird, so many nationalities, so many wars, constant provocations from every side.
Meaning if someone breaks in and they see you and then run away you can't chase them down with a sword and hack them in the back whether that is in your house or on the street
>For a corrupt country like mine, EU is the only chance to have someone slap our politicians' wrist when they become too greedy
I spent almost half my day on Reddit
Also modern dialects in Greece all use the same exact alphabet, maybe with the polytonic system, their differences are in pronunciation and spelling of certain words
Sounds tasty
Maybe a major event will bring enough support for emergency powers on the president.
Under such circumstances the reforms are guaranteed to fail.
Well, smoking rules do not apply to anyone in Greece to be fair ... when there are so many smokers, people stop caring, so it is not a privilege at the very least
Stalin ignored him, the Polish codebreakers had decrypted the Soviet radio messages and in a pincer movements encircled the Soviet Army and from there pushed them back all the way to Belaurs
for me it is the shit - sheet , beach - bitch and all the similar ones
Turkey however has a very low debt to gdp ratio (the debt I believe is largely private) plus has its own currency so I expect the country to bounce back relatively quickly but the middle class will be wiped out.
Personally I like my own town's beaches best (Kalamata)
It's pretty funny because we sing it in the school events every 28th of October (Ochi day/No day, the day we said "no" to Italians)
This is interesting to me since that beard style is still very popular in Greece, [as you can see from this Greek model] .
For Belarus everyone lost their shit
why don't we rename Istanbul to Constantinople?
Also it's not uncommon to see 14 year olds drink [mavrodaphne] or Nàma, they also give it in mass at the church with antidoron, or something like that
Most people want to leave from their houses as early as they can
In Greece the last part of a surname is what matters
from spotify and my own experience i think it's [Toquel, Sin Laurent - Pistoli] (pistoli means handgun)
The first piece cut belongs to Jesus.
But you are allways drinkingi  feel taht the lack of sun is just an excuse
That's not really normal but the climate is ruined
OK so in Greek they use the word πλάκα meaning fun and the song goes:
Jews that went to Europe during that time were [Hellenized] People like [Philo] Cleopatra in Egypt was ruler of the [Ptolemaic Kingdom] It Hellenistic.
At least she was kind enough to unlock one that is intended for handicapped people
It's just hilarious and most of the time, if they speak Greek randomly, I won't understand it immediately because they butcher it
Not like he had an option mate
They said they're gonna make it 2 weeks ago.
As a local, I can say that we like to sit at the beach for 10+ hours at a time
BTW That's just my impression some of these things might be inaccurate
Una faccia una razza
Hungary wasn't prepared, and certainly didn't ask, for such a large influx of people.
First Miss Universe Pageant - Greece(more in comments)
Cause there's thousands of languages in India
Why else would it do the above when there was no longer a danger
Take your virtue signaling and shove it
Judges approve extradition of 3 of 8 coup plotters, Supreme Court to make final judgement
It could either go really great -Italy
Yet, 8 years later, we landed to the Moon
I recently heard Tsipras on an interview with Sroiter on Alpha and he kinda dropped a few financial terms in English, showing off what he’s learned
Hopefully maybe a few more 16 year olds can chime in as well rather than the flame war I was expecting
We export culture once again
Most guns here are illegal, but there are still  a lot
And yes,you do not have the courage to admit the violence that the far left terror groups have done and is documented
In my case, is government giving business owners the right to underpay employees by limiting basic salary to the bare minimum and raising taxes to the point certain stuff cost less even in Germany
The fact that they operate under a different "status" and name doesn't stop them from giving you accredited degrees from foreign Universities.
Reddit: mm yes D O W N V O T E
I go across the road and buy a [pitogyro]
Christianity, whether you believe in it or not, is the reason Greece is free today
There have been cases in the past where children as young as 6 years old have killed their baby siblings.
Metsovone
automatic doors
>phase out lignite by 2028
I honestly can't think of another regular smoker in my circle of friends
Trash trash everywhere
5: Athens, Athens - Airport, Thessaloniki (the first IKEA in Greece, from 2001), Larissa and Ioannina
It's about your financial situation, while social credit score, I imagine it would be something you'd be granted for doing some socially good deed like cleaning up a beach
A part of Russia is in Europe,yes.Vladivostok borders with China and North Korea though,how the fuck is that European soil?
Some families even lost 2 people on each war
Also many people know the big cities of USA, like NYC, Las Vegas, Los Angeles etc
I think it was Kublai Khan who got all of it
It is really delicious
I don't even like Trump but damn if it's not enjoyable watching him own Merkel, Macron and the other EU snakes
The Latest: UK can't trigger Brexit without Parliament
He was born in Smilianidio as well, a well known Greek village
Multiple first names are actually quite common, though not prevalent
Social credit scores
Edit: Apparently according to another commenter it means "a small dose of medicine or drug in powder form". Interesting
I don't know what it is
but would it be okay to cover my private parts with a towel while in a sauna?
How can they be poor and diabetes champions?
Anyone who says I shouldn't be can kiss my tan, Mediterranean ass
Maybe he did it to reduce the complaints by his deputees.
But its the that people have to put up with the austerity measures
The man is from Salonica, being butthurt toward Athens is a tradition there
Thanks for proving my point
Is the second largest city with about a million people and basically is de facto the “capital” of Northern Greece
* Sikaflex for polyurethane based sealants
I always advertise hollandse nieuwe to my visiting friends as a local delicacy but warn them that I find it a bit yucky
[Many have to do with religion as it was typical of Christians to adjust religious beliefs through ancient Greek customs and traditions] That was a known tactic as it was helping the new christians relate with it easier
Also, at least in my experience, British tourists get more negative attention than the German ones
Έτερος Εγώ (The Other Me)
Oh and I guess we are of a major importance in the essence of European culture, crating democracy the whole advancements int arts, science and philosophy that were the basis for much of the enlightment but that is mostly symbolic
I think changing the name from Czech Republic go Czechia,  because it "sounds" better , doesnt make any sense
At least now we have vaccines
then you are deluding yourself.
An amazing day to you too ;)
It's not like it will affect us, right ?
Plus there's the issue of having to deal with Sultan Gollum across the Aegean, not the most reasonable person.
I think in Greece Trikala is a very nice place for that and of course you can find many places in every big city
The president should stroke her pussy
Ah lol, most Greek redditors and really Athenians like me in general will agree with you
It's far from complete, but you may find some interesting info [there]
Live my May (the month) to eat clover - when something will take a huge amount of time to be completed
I used the NDP to make the comparison between social democracy and liberalism.
It's a mixed economy, there's literally no country on earth which is a pure free-market economy
Someone please ELI5
Saint Nikolaos is the patron saint of the mariners instead, and consequently the patron saint of Hellenic Navy as well
What can we do to make all suburbs beautiful and worth livin
Which is the view from my balcony
He's not a socialist despite what he says of himself.
He thinks he is some kind of Pontifex a Pope for his religion
We need a strong leader with a coherent policy to explain EU's terms and conditions for accepting refugees.
Only Turks take pride on the loss of human life
But people are individually highly incentivized to 'play' and thus it's very difficult to stop
Obviously that is not set by law, it is driven by m^2 prices.
Brexit: EU leaders to discuss Britain’s departure in Theresa May's absence at European Council summit
Back then, the Greeks fought a lot between them
Lol
Science trying to answer the ever-important question: Were paleolithic women doable by modern standards?
UK : argument with drunk Welsh girl if being Welsh is being British (it is, British includes English, Scottich and Welsh)
Both times it was sponsored by Italy, but both times it failed
Under no circumstances I believe that Greeks we're always the saints and the other the bad guys
Gotse Delchev
Another troll account with a stupid username.
The word "panic" (πανικός in greek) comes from the name of the ancient Greek God Pan
Once as a young and naive 19 year old I really believed in the party I chose and the political system in general
If yes, your compatriots might send you to Germany or to eastern Europe
I was confused about private schools and colleges
"Today is basketball day, let's go") (these clubs like PAO and OSFP for example, have a football team, a basketball team, a volleyball team, a water polo team, you name it) and the real hardcore basketball fans.
If my statment is too dumb then why do you even bother
People in this sub usually come to false conclusions judging only by the title, and all I asked is that when you decide to spread news you should accompany your articles with an *accurate* title, not with one that includes your views on the matter because doing so is dishonest, to say the least.
Tear up his statues and go full on censuring on his legacy?
Thessaloniki is nice from what I've heard
Tbh I haven't heard a Greek lgbt person advocating for 3 year old trans kids, even many americans pro-lgbt disagree with it online
Both Albion and Britain are Greek words I think, right
Give me a break
Anyone care to elaborate about Malaysia's Olympics Curse and what it has to do with Greece (the 2004 Olympics I assume)?
I think that Cyprus is considered to be a part of Europe
Continues to breath polluted air
As for 76 it's εβδομήντα έξι (evdominda eksi = seventy six)
Thank you
Cool
and 27% are daily smokers
I'm pretty sure this and many other languages that derive from others exist not because their language of origin didn't have rules but because its speakers didn't care to follow what the original language had
You're right, it was a good analogy with Minas Ithil
But is it as good as pastourmas
For decades diesel vehicles were banned from Athens.
After that I kept all my later computers and devices in English even today
oh, in central athens you actually always can see the Acropolis
That sounds awesome
Go on
I am triggered why the Republic of Pontus is not yellow?
>Greek academics vary in their views on how directly  responsible Wickham was in establishing the camps and staffing them with  the torturers
Our military is quite operational i must say.
An anus
He is received very well
We are with you
we have a proper communist party whose goal is to remove all democratic processes and establish an authoritarian regime like those of the good old days
sorry about that
A quite handsome black Smith if you ask me
Feel free to point where I wrote that
When she says stuff like "I don't believe there can be an atheist person" you kinda understand how close-minded and dumb  she is
A surprise to be sure but a welcome one
yes, i don't know how to justify it but we teach Greek Orthodox Christianity and recently we started learnign about other Religions too and how they differ from ours
Here in Greece, for public education at least
Didn't realize it was his descendant running for office
And the moat popular saints get many villages - I can't even remember how many Saint Johns and Saint Georges there are
I do not want Europe to become Korea and Taiwan, with people going outside with masks
Italy
I may be wrong, but I get british vibes from their comment.
Greek here, please tell me what do you think of Greeks and Greece in general.
Fucking Legend
there is an abandoned mansion about 20 minutes drive from where I live
WHY
Chinese  Greek
Btw where in Israel did you go
Yes, we have something called ''podana''. Basically you just cut the word in half and you put the last half in front of the word
All the best to you
Really
It stands to remind everyone that Greece is orthodoxy and orthodoxy is Greece
Other than this misery, the major difference in Greece between 1919 and 2019 is the population
Sweden and Austria under the EU in not an example of multiculturalism.
I got Rickrolled in 2019
Well, Italian and Greek share many words since Latin also used Ancient Greek words
The country has bigger problems than a neighbor's name,okay?How old are you,11?
&#x200B;
* is because you need to be lucky to have access to vdsl and ftth and even when you have ftth the 3 big telecom companies won't give you the same upload/download on Fucking fiber to the home
I don't understand what this whole thing means"...
Ive always been like a 10 min walk from the sea
Persia (Iran)
The greek diaspora is stuck in 19th century and that's putting it mildly.
The murder of Kapodistrias was one of the darkest turns our history took, indeed
In my university we have a plethora of different apps and platforms that we use
I feel like this is very accurate for Greece at least, my brother left our home when he was 25 and I guess I will also leave the house a year or two after finishing university
However they usually talk shit about them behind their backs
France, hung in the there ️
If someone's drunk idk how much different it would be
Idk considering that religion here is more like history than actual religion and anyways it doesnt stand out as much as the Muslim symbol it is pretty ok
I always thought it sounded very bad and not understandable but I've been complimented on it before, although I really can't understand what's nice about it lol
Αυστροουγκαρια
Those are the only nationalities I've eaten so far
I have to admit that I absolutely love all the Turkish affectionate words
I can't decide if I want to ban Tsipras or Erdogan
I dont know whats most corrupt , making money over military equipment and risk the sovereignty of your country or sleep with  gold bars
Residents who just seem to live in the worst area or be victims of some industrial/natural disasters
Is this a personal attack or something
I draw the line at price
Yeah,  it's common knowledge
Cretans are the first to freeze to death in 10°C and we are the first to die of a heat stroke in 25°C
Like, I understand that the museum tells the Balkan Wars from their perspective, just like the museum in Thessaloniki tells it from our perspective (and I'm sure that the Bulgarians, Serbs, Turks, Romanians and Albanians have their own perspectives), but I mean, there is perspective and then there is being totally divorced from reality
you know why i hate this kind of articles?
name a country that doesnt use the religion to control the mass...
BTW You also have beautiful places that I would like to visit
My grandparents had to sell almost everything of value in order to survive
From whom (genuinely asking, Turkey has never been occupied by foreign forces, to my knowledge)
Not only.Swedish Empire,Dutch republic ,French Empire.I have seen quite a few posts with Western Europe.
Al-Hamamy's uncle, Riyad al- Refaai, said: "I find it incomprehensible that a young man on his way to commit a terrorist act only has a knife with him.
You are really convinced that what happened in the Balkans from 1990 was all due to Karadžić
Even in Crete where they have lots of wind , the temperatures are still like 39+during the summer
looks like a warzone
By definition if a haplogroup says "greece" it should be more common in greece than any other region.
I wasn't really aware of that,  sorry for not mentioning it
i'm actually from a small Cretan village that was popular for being the capital of these thief groups called [Gonies (meaning peaks)]
Yeah I know, but we're talking about the letter Z saying how X at the start of a word in English becomes a Z doesn't change that
Oh, it'll be fun watching those loons have a meltdown, no doubt.
Wait are you arguing that Italians are NOT successors of the roman empire
People still get very defensive/emotional/mad when you state something about it and feelings run high even when you talk facts
Το ΛΑ η καρδιά λαχταρά
I thought that knowing English meant that I would be able to communicate with locals (except for the elders) in every country I would visit
I hope that's not "code" for reducing nuclear energy output...
It is enough we got Thrace, we can get Agean Turkey with the next map.
Im gonna ask him about his recent comments regarding Greece.
I know
Spain's cheap and reliable public transport
I will call them year 1-12 just for simplicity
The first two are mostly consumed by older "traditional" people and they don't taste particularly nice imo but the last one (a type of white wine) is widely consumed and it's a tasty and cheap way to get drunk *fast*
Croatia by far
my town was one of the 12 cities Thesseus united into Athens so we have the part with the ancient ruins, everything else is at best 1970s because the population of this town blew up in the 90s before that it was just some beach village
Those islands are considered greek and were used by greek shepherds but turkey denied that and declared that it was their territory escalating tensions to a whole other level.
I do agree that 'Russia bad' but it's probably not in your best interest to talk about embarassing ww2-era moments, ey mr neutral
So, for the record: I agree with all of you and everyone else does and she kinda does too, but for her it's also personal in a way that it isn't for me
Well we voted for them.Sadly this is partly our fault.
Efta(7)
But the pressure usually comes from family members and colleagues . I.e. a couple of days ago a colleague of mine told me i m borderline in the middle of being late as when she was 31 she had both her sons
I wouldn't mind if these countries return what they stole but that's a different topic for another time
Italy : having wrong tickets for the train, and inspector smilng saying it is OK you did not know, just be careful
What are you talking about
Did the other one got banned from r/europe like your original?
Or the moon, we always use the medieval Greek feggari but when someone uses the ancient Greek Selini we know exactly what he's talking about and don't look at him like he's some weird intellectual
I don't know if its the only place, but yeah women aren't allowed there
This + Lucky Luke  + Iznogoud  = my pre-bedtime reading stash
Accepting migrants into your borders because the EU forced you to and integrating them into your workforce are 2 completely different things
Pretty unbiased work (unlike the Swedish TV people who distorted his sayings in the subtitles).
Some kind of furniture from grandparents
No one in my family can swim because according to my mother "we're mountain people
"Empathy" (ἐμπάθεια) in Greek means hostility, and is a pseudo-cognate word as it means roughly the opposite in each language
Fuck nazis and fuck people who support and  promote such ideas through propaganda and those that they radicalize  people
I think that the main difference is methods of cooking, quality of the ingredients, variety of the food
They thought we must still be in togas and in little white houses with no electricity by the beach
Swedes don't attack me pls
Someone might find it weird although there's a good reason behind it
Spanish : no quiero provocarte
Are you talking about something like a toaster grill ? Because literally every night I make a pair of toasts with
Every farmer near a city or a town will have something to say bout the gypsies that came and ravaged his field or sopething and we get at times reports on the TV about the the gypsies destroying the amenities put in place solely for them.
It's most probably what you said, Cypriots are exposed to Greek media whereas all that Greeks have from Cyprus is a well known youtuber who just speaks standard Greek with an accent lol
"she deserved it" I doubt highly that the police or most people in France think like that.
Are you sure about the last part
Seems like its a common occurence there
Now, about regions but not cities, the souther tip of Peloponnese (Mani) and big part of Crete are a disgrace, they like preserving macho stereotypes as "traditions", they like guns, they think that driving drunk is "manly" and generally they are some decades behing in mentality
It's basically million and billion
It seems I'm working for your benefit today :P
That's true, I've read that there are two villages whose inhabitants can still speak some Greek
During the 90s we almost went to actual war, when our Fleets had a [standoff]#Military_crisis).
Nations are arbitrary constructs anyway, and they will exist of course after a potential unification
Lol haha
2000 - Athens
Σε όλους τους Έλληνες στα σχόλια:
I'm not sure about the stuff you specifically requested but my sister moved to Germany while pregnant and when the kid was born my sister and her husband have been getting child care subsidy (I have no idea if this is the correct term I basically put the Greek term in Google Translate) from Germany even if they both have Greek citizenship and my sister barely speaks English let alone German (her husband speaks both)
I just looked at their website, and it's bog standard center-left stuff
Something like in USA, maybe even worse, but nobody gives a shit because we are a small country
edit: and the only city I didn't know in the list
Edit: I am not actually saying those at private schools don't have to pass the exams, what I was referring to is that these kids don't have to worry the same and they have a lot more ease getting to a university
When I say "big" I mean the military power and the geographic space available to build more stuff that will make you richer
&#x200B;
We're gonna need some aloe vera here
a) take years to show any results,
Sorry
There is literally a very popular Greek bootleg of this with the same exact music, but I have no idea what it's called
[Calypso] was a nymph in the Odyssey
Thanks for helping me read that in an Irish accent
Putting buildings in no-no places is sort of a tradition in Greece
It also happens because it must be done.
What I'm trying to say isn't that agriculture becomes more efficient but that agriculture in general is barely profitable.
And she made this trajectory gesture
It's worth noting that this guy was a convicted violent criminal for decades before he became a Muslim.
Well Greece is Hellas normally,so almost every country has it wrong
Now that the problem is at their doorstop they will have to do something
>The more time passes, the more i find myself thinking we are laxist
Well this is one of my "controversial" views.
Againist this would be the fact that η, υ, ι, ει, οι all sound like "ee" and that ε, αι both sound like "eh". Kinda weird of you ask me
I know that I am greek by ethnicity and nationality, and russian by nationality
What do you think about this
Yes, but they are typically well spelled
George, Konstantinos, Otto
We also had a driverless bus in Greece a year or two ago, with quite a bit of success.
ND in the 90's had literally the same deal that Tsipras made with N.M. but in the 90's ND got unelected for being "traitors" according to Pasok
Ancient Greece : Democracy and a lot of science-math-literature-art parts
As much as I love Spain and all my Mediterranean bros, I can't forgive such an act
99.9% of those funds go to NGOs.
Yea it is soothing and refreshing
I liked kaasuffle and frikandels
Shows how much propaganda works
With friends like that, who needs enemies?
Please don't kill me
If I were in Kammenos' shoes, I'd be much more direct: "If Turkish soldiers step on Imia, they leave, feet first".
What's with the attitude of some people in here?
Mid July to mid August it's usually brutal and I have heard it's gonna be **worse** than last year
but anteater = μυρμηγκοφάγος (anteater) :D
you're annoying me right now
Haha I have a lgood laugh at them and do them myself, but they can be tiresome at times
I am not really fond of the sea,I prefer the mountains
And I would say the dog thing and raw meat does not apply to Greece
From what I remember about NK artillery is that it isn't very accurate, the range only covers part of Seoul, and they have to deal with low quality equipment and ammunition.
I don't think we should be fear either by Turkey
Would happily go back as a tourist
I went to Turkey a couple of months ago
Normally I should be afraid cause of the movie reference and the symbolism but I will accept it because I am so poor that I have nothing else to eat and I believe that a horse head would be a nice and tasty meal
The ingredients on the other hand
All the effort is about the undecided voters.
Gerolymatos, meanwhile, says: “The  Greeks didn’t need the British to help them set up camps
I don't think people who live with their parents ever bring the girl home but personally (im 17) I just have to bring her when my parents are absent or ask my dad to take my mom and little brother somewhere
"Πέντε-Δέκα-Δεκαπέντε-Είκοσι-Εικοσιπέντε..."
I can see a school having a local competition but nothing more that that
I think it's quite interesting because we're basically watching the evolution of the languages as they're interacting and influencing each other in many different ways
Do you have any rights on Constantinople and we don't know it yet?
(The fact that a lot of them are German does not escape the worldtheory of the average citizen, though I do think its a coincidence, after all, international companies are loyal to no ethnicity)
They also face the Kurdish problem.
But It mostly came to remoteness and lack of proper state control.
This is definitely one of the most 'weird' dishes I have come across in this thread
Nikos Mihaloliakos
March 25 1821: Greek Independence from the Ottomans:
Turkey: We don't really have a problem with the people but we hate your government
I don't like when people insult Italy
I mean at least give us Constantinople
Would love an actual EU passport
They did not call themselves antifa back then,but judging by the comments of the people here defending antifa,they are pretty much on the same ground as these
I actually believe that they just don't want us (as kids at least) to know about the bad thing our ancestors did
I never saw this film before or knew the story but it was no coincidence to remind us this story from 1839.
Greek
The numbers in infant mortality includes that of refugees/migrants.
Damn Harald's Saga could be an epic TV series setting, and the whole Varangian Guard part.
That said, whenever someone died we (and when I say 'we' I mean my mother, the rest of us just followed) suddenly turned into Eleni Louka: we went to church more than twice a week, prayed and fasted, before finally going back to our normal, religiously indifferent lives a couple months later
A city center is a whole different story
definitely sounds the best to me, and if I had to choose a Nordic language based on grammar or vocabulary, I'd still choose Danish
Unfortunately the original lighthouse was not long for this world, and was destroyed during World War II.
I really love trains and they are a very good alternative to regional aviation, but this scenario is kinda farfetched
Thankfully not really, except for one: Χρήστος, and the female version Χριστίνα.
Another grandiose bullshit title from the paper that wanted Hillary to be the liberal west's last defender.
* [A building of Hellenic General Insurance Company] (2006)
Likewise I always try to remember that The Independent is owned by Russians when I read an article from them.
Notre dame is a major cultural part of France, more so than the Eiffel tower
The fun part is that, my age group (35) and younger has adopted quite well, with all the above
After a trip to the Greek Aegean islands I left Edinburgh never to return
νοσταλγία (nostalgía) from the word νόστος + άλγος (álgos) = pain
You should, since you liked it so
I do, I mean Welsh is my actual flex language, I do speak out
"Taking over" the building ( I do not know how to express it in English better) means that they forbid any professor, PhD, cleaner, technician, secretary etc to enter, all academic procedures are halted
Thank you all for not letting our country die, I guess
I can't stress this enough; I LOVE this language
The timing, his hands position
" and he answers "I have no idea at all, I don't think it's a real word
o mai god
Before that, Alexander's empire was a unified Greece (without sparta which remained unconquered), but not called that
We aren't talking about them now,aren't we
No,pastourmas is beatiful
its not wrong they do accept him as the ruler regardless of what you say (on which even russia has agreed that he needs to go after the war is done)
This information passes through half a dozen people before it gets on the screen
Have a good day
Overly hospitable
Have a good day
Half face is the stone and tge other half is the reflection in the water
Now, Χριστός is the Greek name for Christ and it is spelled with an iota instead of an eta like Χρήστος. However some people spell Χρήστος as Χρίστος and honestly I have no idea why
Why are you ashamed of Aspropyrgos
so that we BECOME the aliens
In short, it is kind of taboo but at the same time no one shuts up about it
European countries share traditions and customs.
We are kinda left on our own to deal with a really big number of immigrants, with funding from the EU to build all the concentration camps for them
It might be a different nation but it's the same people
think of turkish people from west turkey as brothers with other religion.
can't think of any, all are cool ancient names
They invaded Cyprus in 1974
You can’t be the President of the United States and be illiterate
Edit: Never mind,  I read that you just don't consider him a proper anti-fascist, which makes sense, but you do not support his murder either
For me Crete is even more weird
Wrote all that and apparently no one saw it
We have [Via Egnatia] here in Greece (and Balkans)
Vielen Dank
You can have yourself misinformed and convinced by the media about the alleged "dangers" and so but please don't spread false information of the sort "visit only during day" because it's disgraceful.
I find it funny and it's used as a joke a lot
You're making a fool of yourself, log off and spare us the secondhand embarrassment
Really
Everything is black, due to the volcano
Same applies for pepper spray, electric teaser
Σαν Αθηναίος που είσαι, πάλι καλά να λέμε που ξέρεις και τη Θεσσαλονίκη
There's also Kastoriá, which means beaver town
When, let's say, 5 members use their power and influence to shift the entire union towards their desired outcome is no longer a Democratic system but an Oligarchic one
Wait till she sees the military parade tomorrow
In mid 2018 they will will start discussing candidates in earnest..
I think people said that because they have seen people being accused for things like this
To the people wondering why Greeks spend so many hours in cafés, it is because they are actually backgammon dojos that serve coffee
Greek is σφυρί (sfyri) from ancient Greek σφῦρα.
Unless you talk to hardline theists/atheists, I would guess the majority of people can be led down a line of argument that ends at their acknowledgement that they do not or cannot know if (a) god exists
Same applies for pepper spray, electric teaser
in Greece we don't just have socialist parties
The views of every country are clearly shown, represented properly, discussed thoroughly and then simply ignored so that the big players can do what they want
In my opinion too, Charlie Hebdo content is stupid and in bad taste.
You ve got some balls to make a threat like this towards a whole contenent
First of all, that is a very broad and incorrect generalization; many single parents are single out of choice.
He's going to fix our economy
I'm certain at this point that the "open borders"(at all costs) policy is a way to instigate the next major power War .
Haha, true
Of course the BIC pens were very common and Pilot I remember too
&#x200B;
Athens or Athena Αθήνα in Greek, originates from the known ancient goddess Athena
i can't think of a good time where i wouldn't die
Ok, that makes sense
Beautiful picture
There is variation for higher and lower classes but the 44% is an average
Btw I am kinda surprises that someone found this thread after so long
And don't try and tell me that these are social democratic parties.
I don't think that any added value would be given to others on here with my comment basically just saying "lol same"
At first it was olives but we emptied all the olives in the area so we moved on to stones until I got one to the face and our parents forced us to stop
Hasn't he denied these allegations?
It is actually called Ministry of National Defence, Υπουργείο Εθνικής Άμυνας (Ipurgio Ethnikis Aminas)
We don't just walk around school barefoot
I would rather be around Catholic "fundamentalist"(oh no they are rude!) [over this group]
If what the tweet says is true, that guy is a complete moron
[Here it is from an other source as well]
I think that's all
It's easier than Hungarian , but few people who aren't from Greece speaking it and few people would dedicate time to learn it, just to participate in an Erasmus program in Greece
The Dutch: lmao
αλεξιθυμία (alexithimía) this word describes the people that have a difficult time understanding feelings in general and expressing their feelings
You talk about the average citizen
I know a big number of them
I've heard they only allow female cats because cats kill mice.
Emphasis on ***all***, and the EU is just an example of those blamed
I read some article a while ago saying that many of the people crossing into Greece have no papers at all - probably from "safe"(-ish) countries like Afganistan but there is no way to tell.
Do we really have something better to do during lectures
not common
Which is why I was being sarcastic
No one in particular, it was women's day yesterday and women in Turkey face many problems because of their islamist government.
Damn impressive France
Now go back to your safespace
The raising of the cows by the member farms of THES gala Cooperative is done with tender loving care, utilization of modern equipment and efficient management systems
Hahaha I absolutely get the movie reference
Well if you make it to the mainland, I'm there for you, bro.
Not sure what he meant though, given that Smyrni had much more damage and many more fatalities
Since Tesla identified as a Serb/Croat, there's not much to say.
She said it helped her more than the courses and the books
The Germanderie (Χωροφυλακή)  was merged with City Police (Αστυνομία Πόλεων) to became Greek Police (Ελληνική Αστυνομία), which is not a military body
I absolutely despise feta cheese
We can put an Epsilon of  ancient Greek style
The name my is Dimitris and am from the Greece
I don't think we should be fear either by Turkey
Inb4 "Romania is not in the Balkans, REEEEE"
What the hell have you been doing the last 5 years
And where’s the volcano
More like the frontiersmen of Europe.
There's other places like Crete, Rhodes, Thessaloniki and the Peloponnese, which I find fascinating, but we don't learn a lot about their past either
Yep
To answer your question, no, it's not normal in Greece
I nice song is Детство cover by michalis veos it's a sad type of song half Russian half Greek
The island was considered to be a part of Levant and not Europe.
I wish we could copy Norway's policies and Netherlands' bike-friendliness
If you read the Greek title, it's sounds the same with the English title without making sense in Greek
It's an area with monasteries where monks don't want women visiting and as a man you need special permission to stay.
As a kid in the 80's that was the best thing after Star Wars.
Yes, YES
We mostly have American and British movies, but  occasional they show French movies and I there also times that they show movies from other European countries like Italian movies
Damn, you might wanna take a look at [this
If it's not broke, don't fix it.
Where did you get this map
Cant imagine my country without it
I maybe misunderstood you, because  thought that you were speaking about general average temperatures, but yeah if we are talking about warmest temperatures, then it's only a little bit higher
Propably die in the Greek revolts tbh
If you see this thread, there are more countries that do this
After midnight a traditional song we sing is the one called approximately ["Happy New Year/The old year has departed"]( .
Where were the 'allies'?
In fact, you could argue that Serbs were the original anti-separatists since we wanted to remain in Yugoslavia
He has seen the problems that comes with uncontrolled immigration waves first hand.
Το παίζει Σουηδός/To paízei Souidós: He acts like a Swede, because Swedes in older decades, pre mobile internet, never bothered to learn anything about the place they visited, just went there and somehow expected everything to work out
Ours mostly service loan interests
Autokratoras is the word for emperor
Idk dude, it's definitely a bold and environmentally conscious move, but fuck knows how it will play out considering the layered mismanagement that seems to be ever present in Greece, unemployment issues, polarisation instead of constructive debate in public opinion, and the inherent corruption of an elitist self serving system
We added an "i" making it Tefteri/ Τεφτέρι. Though it's used only by boomers
Learn how this affects USA
the war in Syria - no I am not kidding) they propose to the student body to "take over the building".
But I think we have the potential to improve both economically and socially
One of the weirder European stories I read recently was that Hitler promised the Cossacks a 'homeland' in Friuli if they fought for him against Stalin
We also use Germanotsoliades (Γερμανοτσολιάδες) or Tagmatasfalites (Ταγματασφαλίτες) portmanteaus for members of  the ["Security Battalions"] paramilitary counter-guerilla forces the Germans set up with Greek volunteers, and sent them to fight the Communist-led partisans
Duo(2)
Are you sure about that
My mom works as a chief nurse for the cardiology clinic of a public hospital and the infections for about a year or so have raised significantly.
This is the first time I'm hearing about an orthodox community.
That Romanians can be only Orthodox for example?
In our modern history though:
I very much care, my sister's company recently moved their HQ where she was working at in the states from London
It's quite popular but it is not anywhere close to football in popularity
I pay 260€/month for a lovely two-story cozy apartment
Excessive privatization has been a disaster everywhere it was implemented.
Yeah seriously
Also football teams
It's other effect is preventing ethnic minority parties from gaining parliamentary representation.
Arranged from most seats to least:
They used to jave way more numbers expressed like that.
Looks smaller than what I would have expected
I also have a thing for Austria
We have lots of mountains, people
τ and θ are in the common Greek alphabet and extensively used, I don't know how "No" from those leads you to (common Greek) Greek
The athenian accent is not really consider an accent, but the proper way to speak Greek
It's not like we have thousands of cases like this.
I'm guessing it's a couple of thousands of protesters at most versus millions of bored voters, sooooo the result is going to be predictable
*Me, a greek who's learning German*
Thank you
Look at the Fin guy flexing his seasons there
Edit: Good thinking from your part for adding the dosage caution
I don't know about cities, but there are definitely some regions in Athens and Thessaloniki that are weirdly named
Also, in the UK you can never count on the weather because it can turn around so easily
A baby would freeze in minutes sleeping.
I named my black cat Tod because Google Translate said it means death in German, but it sounds like a normal pet name
i would like to introduce to you [Alexis Tsipras]
The most prominent thing is the 'Siemens Scandal', the pinnacle of (known) corruption in Greek politics
Speaking for the private sector, we also get 22 leave days per year (Complete list [here]
Did they fought side by side with us during the wars against the Ottoman Empire?
I usually go:
I don’t think it serves any kind of purpose to have expansionist or revisionist views about sovereignty
The countryside (especially in the northwest) is far, far more beautiful, but you don't have access to city-life facilities there
Oracle of Delphi, Greece
Don't be too down on German cuisine
A typical school day in high school and middle school ends at around 2pm
He banned political parties and shutdown the parliament
Are Thompson considered fascist?
I agree with you
Reciprocated or not many times it ruins the friendship
Honorable mention goes to Denmark for being different
Chinese  Greek
Yeah that's not how it works...
That we all act way too rich for pretty much a third world country, I guess
It's tasteless and makes you look like a redneck.
Oh dear, I might be going on a long train ride soon
German engineering at it's finest
>The Union of Greek Shipowners cites independent data indicating Greek owners account for 53% of all EU-controlled shipping capacity and 51
&#x200B;
External help from organizations is rather useless, these people come here to mainly flirt with other like minded individuals, vacate and maybe play with some poor refugee kid in their free time.
Pella was always the capital of Macedonia even under Alexander the Great, today it's just a village with a lot of history
In Greece it is mandatory to take ancient Greek lessons to learn the language
Hopefully they are minority
Isn't Lukashenka also the female version of the name
Kalathaki
When writing numbers we use , to signify decimals and . for thousand
The neighbour's kid: America
That refugees are criminals who have iphones  and money and they want to take over out country
Anyway, he'd go on and on of how awful that was and he even implied once the relationship won't work which I thought he's a drama Queen, but no it's cultural
usual news
Most of us simply say "yes
Το Φεγγάρι (The Moon) neutral
Some things are just irreplacable
There are also other places, like Thessaloniki, which are too underrated
*Wtf does this dude do with money and he's always out anyway
A trip to Dortmund costed 10 euros last week
Not at all
* [Onassis Cultural Center] (2010)
The subway in Greece's second largest city, Thessaloniki
What kind of heartless person would see the poor thing starving and do nothing about it
You achieved a lot more: that is a Finnish line
Aaah rise of nationalism in Europe.
Syriza would need 20 years to just scratch the surface of all the corruption in Greece so it still requires time and there already has been dozens of high profile corruption cases from Syriza that have successfully gone to courts.
Αγία Ρωμαϊκή Αυτοκρατορία. (Agia Romaiki Aftocratoria) (Greek)
It lasted for a while and then went to shit.
He is also an established baker
I would associate Italy with tomato or olive oil
I've been refusing to watch this movie my whole life
It's an integral part, because it contributes to tzatziki's balance (both in terms of taste and texture)
I'm not saying it was not a great civilization, but I would have prefered to get a more unbiased view on it
My sister moved to Germany last year actually
I am asking out of curiosity, I don't know the answer
Hebrew and Castilian Spanish
Public transport might be pain on the bottom but still better than driving
Sure, there are ruins from Antiquity that we want to showcase to the happy-go-lucky tourists, but after that, only breadcrumbs
People come to the UK for many reasons, I have never heard a single person saying "I'll fly to manchester from France/Italy/Greece to get some good food". I've heard the opposite plenty
it would probably go like "Τζόν μέιντ χις γουέι το ε τάβερν θρο δε ντάρκ φόρεστ, όνλι του φάιντ άουτ δατ χι φοργκότ δε μάνι"
The population of a member state doesn't mean anything
Locals are with their families, and tourists take the day to walk around the city with calm, enjoy the sights etc.
How would the ionians be Turkish in any way shape or form
And then there's us Greeks joining in the fun
Our other [country] [of] [relatives] in the Mediterranean
You are thinking that the EU wants a gentle and simple divorce .
Do politicians have any kind of qualifications in your country?
You are in our hearts and minds
Also ["Το Ζεϊμπέκικο της Ευδοκίας"]
unless you're a very small kid or in a nudist beach it's 0% (in Greece at least)
And lastly the thick sh sound like in English, I had to consciously remember to pronounce the "heavy " sh until it became a habit
We're the most sexually active country worldwide
Year 6: Ottoman occupation (1500 > 1821 (greek independence revolution))
>  did Leda lay an egg
The worse the local cuisine, the more international restaurants you get
Ladadika district for good cuisine.
A really sweaty lobster
> and we have the biggest military surplus company in Europe
High five my dude
In these elections Tsipras scraped the program of his party and asked the people to vote for him to implement the agreement.
I don't know for sure
The people view it positively it has nice stuff and good food
Poor Norwegians
I just read that you also have taco Fridays
Practical is more necessary
Nobody will ever say "hey did you feel that Enceladus last night
I find them a bit silly for how "easy" it is in English and how big of a deal they make out of it at least from what little I know about these things
I think he mean jokes in a bad way about the situation of the country
How do we close maritime borders, when the neighbour is not cooperating and without letting people drown?
By your logic French Guiana is a part of Europe.Also India used to be under the British,is that European soil too?
1 Turkey
How politically incorrect of them /s
That's a bit high but it's no secret that a lot of them did
are Greek words so we definitely can pronaunce an "X" the correct way
(sorry, I could resit)
There was a time when we had two leading parties (still do, just different ones)
They're ignored for the most part
Yup he is, particularly in the past, though not as renown as Vangelis and definetely nowhere near Callas, which is seen as a national icon
We even have a curse word for people who agree with Germany politically: germanotsolias
The SS genocided entire villages, committed endless atrocities to the greek people, and they dare call themselves patriots while having swastika tattoos and doing nazi salutes
TIL ^(/s)
Αμα δεν ειναι, εχεις δικιο, μην ξεχναμε πως στο πλευρο των κομμουνιστων στον εμφυλιο ταχθηκαν και οι Σλαβο-Μακεδονες που ειχαν σκοπο να βαλουν την ελληνικη Μακεδονια στην Γιουγκοσλαβια.
Plus if i remember correctly their prime minister said some negative things about Greece in the past but still not as much as in Turkey
My first hand experience: My family is orthodox but not particularly observant or faithful
The fact that European countries have agreed to work together and that hopefully one day all Europeans will be part of the same union is amazing to me
Yes, I do
john's day if I remember well)
I can only think of:
In the grim darkness of today, there is only coffee...
You bet
Truth is, Greece would have been better off under Venetians than Ottomans, that's the main point of our discussion
Here in Greece we are in constant touch with those manners and we are always like "yada yada we just dont want any trouble etc".
No,pastourmas is beatiful
I hope that Greece will recognize Kosovo's independence eventually
In Thessaloniki:
[another video of him]
But much to my surprise as well, the comment is not entiiirely wrong (???)
Happy new year everyone
All I know is that we would never pay for Windows XP
The most common word is **Σκίουρος (Skíouros)** pronounced [SKI-uu-ros] This is actually the origin of the English word Squirrel
You mean like [this]#sthash.7RBSeCHb.dpbs)?
And so many more
Greece is filled to the brim with islands, you don't have to spend a fortune on Santorini and Mykonos, there are literally thousands of islands just as good as those and you'll pay 1/5th of the price with just a fraction of the tourists
I teach straight guys to say the same thing , if they want to sleep with me and still call themselves straight
In the building that I live people who pay rent,  pay around 600 € per month for an apartment , but I guess that's still cheap in comparison with other European cities
Mycenaean Greek, doesn't even use an alphabet
I still couldn't find Freddo Espresso anywhere in Europe including Italy.
\- Andreas Papandreou (another important politician, mid- to late 20th century)
We nearly missed it and whoever student could speak French (the professor did not !) was shouting "Arrete Capitan" to the captain
OP: cats or dogs
I tried it with German, and people would be anxious to help me and instantly switch to English
It doesnt change in the streets but in the voting booths.
I think she 's a case where you can call a racist a racist.
They're not gonna agree to a deal that involved giving up sovereignty
I added the  test Pap or Pap test,  which is a recent invention
I guess people took the tv show and his role really seriously
Or is it something they pulled out of their ass?
I don't usually compare my country to other countries.
It's like suggesting that Greece should be thankful for every day that Turkey decides to uphold its international obligation to respect Greek territory.
Same with Ptolemaida
I described it to another user that mentioned the same, but they are American
I see
a significant part of the population decides to retire at 50 before the law kicks in
I mean, yeah there are many strong-headed people over here and if they feel attacked they're fast to get ultra defensive and attack back, but I'm pretty sure there are also many people who are willing to have civilized conversations lol
Totally different with the west.
The one who was opposing Brexit?
We are writing in English so that all y'all will understand what we're saying as well.
There is no mention to our duty as Greek citizens to get our country back to its feet, we are simply waiting for the Mesiah and how to get him to pay the taxes.
We do that in Greece too but it doesn't seem to work, we'll there is of course a lot of black labor because taxes for employees are ridiculous
It is not uncommon to eat
Cleaning the kitchen and the utensils is the problem, especially when you have other stuff to do right after.
It just doesn't click with anything else I know
You are correct
All 3 building somehow seem white from gray
Well yeah true not sure why I said we do it *often", but wdym we can't? Μπορείς να πεις καρεκλοποδαροβρωμοκαλτσομαλακας (ότι μου ερχόταν στο μυαλό τώρα), αυτό δεν είναι που κάνουν και στα γερμανικά;
Thing is that when a country runs an economic surplus due to exports etc other countries have to run a deficit.It's as simple as that honestly.EU growth won't be felt in Greece unless there are huge amounts of investement(which is not happening right now) that will boost the economy once again.
We'll see whose laughing in 50 years
I used to have a pretty good accent although I believe I sounded more American than British, however lately I haven't gotten many chances to have long conversations in English, especially with people who's mother tongue is English thus my pronunciation took a hit
I am not talking only about the law
Cool
So if you drink hot coffee the spaghetti is also cooked
Wise move though, we have a planet’s ecosystem to save
Odds are they were the paramilitary group for some party until they saw an opportunity to become a political party
Nose rings are mostly seen as ok even in some professional settings
You probably missed it but Trump is president.
Now it seems it will be a Macron vs Le Pen.
Our societies are totally incomparable
With some exceptions of course, tourists keep all going to santorini and mykonos, and there are a lot of other great islands which imo are far better, that foreigners don't know about (though there are always foreign tourists too, I'm talking about general knowledge)
Nicosia= Lefkosia
I think that's apparent in the remarks towards the end of the wikipedia article, where his omissions are listed
I hate bureaucracy
It doesn't include and other countries like Greece, Cyprus, Romania, Croatia, Serbia, Malta etc
We just used to do that during the last day of school back in middle school every year
OCD nightmare
But this was in '77 in Athens, it was because Athens back then especially was a big cement block of a city with horrible transportation system, tons of cars that burned leaded fuel , smog and no trees what so ever
That's why Greeks called Anatolia (modern day Turkey) "Asia Minor"
who openly wanted to nuke the USA and hated the USSR for not doing it
In Greece we have a tradition called Οχι day (Όχι means no in Greek) which celebrates the time where we said no to the nazis and beat them when they wanted to take over
The only way I would begrudgingly maybe accept it, if we'll have a system like they have in the US.
Why is your Italian flag washed out
I'm sorry if I bored you, I just needed to vent my frustrations about the matter
Well, we were living together for over 400 years, so you can say we are really close friends
Also Hungary & Poland
For Chania we have plenty, but my recent favorite is [this]
Oy, we have more claim on fighting against claims with them.
i'm not quite sure about across the country but the train inside of Attica (in and around Athens) is 1,40 €
The people want to see a tough stance.
[ from Rhodes)
By the same logic I would choose  Luxembourg city or  Berlin
Albania, Serbia, BiH & Montenegro
We'll be happy to help you learn more
He's takes the prize for the weirdest fetish ever.
Hey, most Greeks are chill with France
They even named a town after us for this reason
We kicked the fascists out before and we did it again
It was too late
Here we start taking English in 1st grade and another language in 5th grade (usually German or French, some people do Italian or Spanish)
Of course you can't compare that to more ancient times, for example during classical Greece, Alexander's period, or even during the 3 centuries of pax Romana when we were the cultural equivalent of today's USA in terms of influence
It's the only identification document that's more presentable and it costs €86 for an amazing 5 whole years
Great job
I have had my luggage go downstairs like 4 fours in the last 5 years and I always had that fear, I never left anything important in the luggage going downstairs, only clothes which I likely have a butt load between both of my destinations
Literally Austrohungary (more informal) or  Austrohungarian Empire (more formal)
In recent times Frappe
a greek that doesn't like souvlaki
I might be wrong though
On the one hand , this is to me a fringe and inconsequential freedom that is not worth defending.
but Germany is showing itself to be very agressive in acquiring these large traders that reside in London(for convenience).
Everyone is wearing masks everywhere, though I live in a big city that has single-digit cases per day
Like
The phoenix
Meanwhile, with the recent garbage men strikes, you need to know someone from above in order to become one
Apparently the original material must have used something along the lines of "Lalaloopsy school backpack with kitty pattern". Someone in that e-shop decided that google translate alone was enough for the Greek translation and the listing came out as "Σχολή σακίδιο Lalaloopsy κούκλα μοτίβο με το μουνί", or  "Scholí sakídio Lalaloopsy koúkla motívo me to mouní", mouní being Greek sex slang for vagina
and 27% are daily smokers
I started at age 5, after I requested it from my parents
Postmodern is a better term I think.
Not worried we will start just using english completely though
If the mix of crusaders, bulgarians, infighting byzantines, turks and the level of intrigue and bloodshed that accompanies them isn't good enough for you, I don't know what is
Law isn't perfect and a lot of people make fake crime scenes because of it
They will be guarded by people who admire them
i think it was more the vastness of the land and resources.
Then we have that in common
>According to LLI data, Greeks control more than 18
Putin: "That will do pig, that will do."
You don't go to kindergarden when you're 1-2, you go at 4-5
Every time former PM Tsipras opened his mouth to say something in English, he's top meme material over here on this subject
This was from 2017 actually .
It's mainly a geographical term
However, he pulled a trick on them and dissolved the military regime and called for elections, real elections not the staged ones the junta used as a legitimacy thing
Many greeks shit on Athens but imo it's literally the heart and pulse of the country
Is it only two years now
Εξιουζέ μουά τότε, έχεις το ηθικό πλεονέκτημα να χρησιμοποιείς και τα δύο!
Eh, most Turks I see in places like YT comment sections tend to have it more with Kurds and Armenians.
A priest was standing next to her along with her children and grandchildren, anointing her and hearing her last confessions
τόνος = tone
but Brexit is the best thing to ever happen to Frankfurt.
I'd say Greek and German are pretty similar, definitely more so than Greek is to English
Also zythos (ζύθος) in Greek
BUT
It's dirty, it's impossible to live there, there's no green, if you see the city from a satellite or from a plane while you're flying, it's like a motherboard of a computer
Noone in the union cares about the opinion of Portugal, Greece or even Denmark for example but everyone listens closely when Germany is speaking
lol
3 months later, they are not even close to tackling this
We all supported free speech for charlie hebdo or danish cartooners.
&#x200B;
I'm sorry :)
Exception is the 25th of march and 28 october
I usually get it though
PC/Ubuntu: [Stock] 20
You better bet no one ever wrote a play "The Ottomans".
Like i said in another comment you too missed the VMRO-DPMNE part of my original comment.
Yes
Late to the party, but this is good stuff hahahah
Turkey is a joke today
You sound like some mafia leader.
You may think that the two events are related, but they are really not
Τι ειπες για μενα καριολακι; Αν θες να ξερεις αποφοιτησα πρωτος στην ταξη μου στα ΟΥΚ και εχω συμμετασχει σε πολλες μυστικες επιχειρησεις κατα της Αλ' Κάιντα, και εχω πανω απο 300 επιβεβαιωμενους φονους.
a musical instrument with Byzantine origin and [Baglamas]
love u 2 fam <3
But of course those are stereotypes, doesn't necessarily means that they're true.
Cases like this were not rare in those times
Oh, my bad
The ottomans were the sick man of Europe and desperately tried to contain the situation with extreme measures (like the massacre of Chios)
And the Olympic games, the theater, battles about freedom from Persian empire happened because of ancient Greek religion ( or at least that was the excuse), so we should also honor that religion and have such a symbol in our flag
The things worth visiting in Athens are almost all of historic and archaelogical value
Sorry not sorry
BTW How is life in Japan
Covid Pandemic
&#x200B;
The thread isn't locked.I wouldn't trust it 100%.
Yeahh
Personally I know Jewish people and I like them,  so I culturally feel closer to them . But I also would like a independent state for Palestine,  but under a different government because hamas has violated human rights many times
They needed 30 mins to process a number due to the paperwork they had to store and fill up
Yep
Is there any other way to boil an egg
As a Greek I think this distinction is meaningless
As of living in the balkan states (Greece) Its disappointing to see people not care about this iwth the excuse of "The world has better things to care about" Guys, Turkey has been doing this for years
overspending on their military and buying absolutely useless stuff.
A really sweaty lobster
UK has no free speech
In fact, just two days ago, it poured a lot of snow all over northern and central Greece
Lol I kinda laughed with this
I honestly think it's silly that the Greek government is counting the Macedonian border crossers who come here for less than a day to shop/visit as actual tourists
it should be blue lmao
But the Mississippi thing I had learned as a child with Ross from Friends (not the dj) in the tanning place
I like it
weasel (νυφίτσα) = little Nymph
Rent
I've been in both and honestly, they're overhyped
Usually projects like this are made by companies
Theres quite a few articles about them, in greek, but they can’t be visited
We tell a lot of racist jokes about Albania and Bulgaria
I agree,  they are just exaggerating and dramatizing what happened
The fora were squares/marketplaces that were present in all large roman cities
The Greeks are the main successors of the empire of Alexander, even if it last 5 minutes
Protected by this law, drug dealers, illegal immigrants and sorts of criminals were finding refugee inside, as well as anarchists retreating there after fights with police
It's a great island in general that is quite different to most other Aegean islands.
- A lot of stuff need memorization which most students keep doing throughout the year and it isnt really effective
This is similar to names in Greek, in English it's always "Sokrates" and "Platonas" for example, but in Greek if you are speaking directly to someone, you would say "Hey Sokrati/Platona" with no s, but if you were speaking about them in the third person, you would say "Ο Σωκράτης/Πλάτωνας είναι μαλάκας" (Sokratis/Platonas is an asshole) with an s, idk why this example with asshole came to my mind, but whatever hahaha
i wonder what will happen if someone in austria says again
Nobody uses the full name anymore, only in legal documents.
Bielefeld doesn't exist ;p
Cigarettes aren't as common with younger people either
(the wrap kind :\] )
The first image is from an ancient mural 1500 B.C. at Santorini !
&#x200B;
list of Greek political parties
pretty sure everyone thinks it's fun
I don't really know why
Yes, but it's not compulsory
They even use the political views of some civilians as an excuse for beating them up(police brutality)
[This] is another post about the matter which is now trending in Greece.
Can confirm
Chalkidiki: No place like it, according to the Thessalonikians
I think I would travel to Athens during the Hellenistic era (after Alexander the Great and before the Romans) and I would spend one week touring all the different philosophical schools
Have in mind that this subreddit is heavily left leaning.
&#x200B;
Greece & Cyprus for sure
He looks like someone doing a bad impression of Trump
Yes Tyrnavos is known for its Tsipouro.
Never made sense to me
This is also thanks to German admiral Canaris, who was sabotaging Hitler, so he persuaded Franco that it is not in his benefit to join the war
I didn't even mention all the other countries you did.
Also no one "forcibly" participates in such battles
Polish problems require Polish solutions
Same in Greece
It's not exactly traditional, but it doesn't adhere to some specific measuring system
According to cultural relativists and "never seen a map" people in this sub Turkey is perfectly European and if it wasn't for Erdogan everything would be great because "muh Kemalism".
Tsipras vs Erdogan in a cage match
Have you seen the other ad about east Mediterranean
From my limited experience, I tend to agree with you and I would also like to see more Balkan national restaurants rise to fame
Why is Macron so popular in Brittany?
I also like playing muslims and get to control temple holdings, usually starting in Baghdad or Egypt
Currently wearing flip flops right now
Obviously, I am not speaking for everyone rn, but for the younger generations this is becoming more and more of a trend
Ευχαριστούμε = [We] thank you
We start with prayer at 8 15, then go into the classroom
It's a Greek prefecture totally unspoiled by tourism (I've been told that very few foreign people visit this place, which isn't grand even in terms of domestic tourism), full of stunning natural beauty
A dictator should not campaign in foreign countries like Erdogan is doing.
I am sorry for my friends in Poland (who are all very liberal, have tertiary education and live in big cities, aka they are the minortity) who have to live under this kind of government
To answer your question, I'd have to write a book
Other comments have already mentioned it below but we have fun with it
That's just how I've always felt about our flag
I think that's apparent in the remarks towards the end of the wikipedia article, where his omissions are listed
Blinker too early, too late
European defence is not a joke.
I don’t see it as weird, it’s just a different way to cut your pizza
The urban planner responsible for rebuilding Thessaloniki was Ernest Hébrard.
So there are voices that claim if you went full on you would wreck a big chunk of Belgiums history.
Okay yes maybe view on Turks here is kinda bad but personally I rarely hear someone say something really bad for Turks.
The whole region is also an important part of the Greek war of independence as the Wallachian Uprising was the prelude to war in the Peloponesse and the rest of Greece in 1821.
And where do you draw the line on what is "allowed"?
The family name "Biache" is quite common there, which makes funny names to hear if you're not used to it :D
Same thing here, but replace 1000 with 700.
I want to thank Germany for helping us achieve this great goal
I think that with people  close to you like close  family members  it is not a problem
Indeed, any visual representation of my country is either of something ancient or of an island
It's okay
Greek here
Souvlaki shops are known for their bad puns, like gyrobank (sounds like Eurobank), souvLike , souvlucky strike and so many more
it's kind of a shitty small cheap car compared to most other cars (it's my first car though, I got it when I was in uni so gimme a break) but I gotta say the damn thing is sturdy and pretty reliable
i've seen Americans say that healthcare=higher taxes which is not that big of a problem
Those that stand out are that people in Berlin used to be dressed with dull colours avoiding to wear 'loud' brands, big logos and striking prints/patterns in their daily life
If you want technical universities, the best is National Technical School of Athens,their Civil Engineering school is 11th in Europe, their other schools are very good,too
There is nothing good about Syriza.
I guess that counts as little .
Yes, Sirens would be the most similar to what OP is describing
Medieval Greece(byzantine empire):  Flamethrower
I would say you are the first who doing that.
for example:
&#x200B;
I distinctively remember a Scooby Doo episode that I watched when I was younger where the gang went to Athens I think, and there was this weird, creepy guy who didn't really speak English and who kept freaking them out
impressive
Some Athenians do use the term η επαρχία (i eparhía, the "countryside"), but it's mainly for rural areas, not cities
Κυργυζία (Kyrgyzia, Kyrgyzstan)
Greek
Europe has been majority Christian less time than it has been monarchical, and where are all the monarchies now?
Their GDP and growth rates aren't very encouraging either.
I had to take the bus and the station was already far
There was a deadly virus pandemic killing people , at some point in september archaeologists found 30 mummies in mint condition in Aegypt and decided to open the sarcophagi, and as soon as they did that, the Titan Enceladus woke up under Aeta and decided to ruin Christmas
Dimitris -> Mitsos
We use commas as decimal separators
The same guy also witnessed Icelandic police pulling some tourists over and giving them a ticket for only going about 10km/h over the limit, which was ridiculous and money-grabbing
Not cities actually, but islands, I think this fits here
Έχω 10 στενούς φίλους, κυριολεκτικά κανένας δεν έχει μακριά μαλλιά εκτός από μένα. Δε ξέρω που τους βλέπεις όλους αυτούς. 10% ΜΑΞ σου λέω εγώ έχει μακριά μαλλιά.
Mycenaean Greek was written in a pre alphabet script that was decoded about 100 years ago, confirming it as Greek
Too bad I only inherit stuff at the countryside
In all seriousness, even bouzoukia and clubs are closed
This is true for most Balkan countries, not just Greece, by the way
\*sips a cup of Remainers tears\*
If that makes sense
Sometimes but not really
The funniest one was from Xena the Princess warrior where Gabrielle (I think that's her name) was saying kalimera kalispera and then you hear kalinoches, as if they tried to merge kalimera and buenas noches lmao
It is commonplace in Greece for people to use Bulgarian license plates, even though registration taxes are not as crazy as in Denmark.
One shouldn't miss apaki (smoked fine pork cut seasoned with herbs), dacos salad (the tomatoes of the island are some of the most fragrant and sweetest ones), fresh local greens, hohlioi boubouristoi (pan fried snails with rosemary), goat dishes, the vinegar-y sausages and the local mini pies
Also the fire department was confused as to what was going on because the entire town was burned down in 1 hour
Well Sunday midnight
From the exterior perhaps, I do believe from the interior those I mentioned are the talles/longest, at least for Gothic cathedrals.
The same applies with every brand, like Domino's and Pizza Hut
So thank you Denmark for Lego, for having a well organized and beautiful country and for insulin
Someone might find it weird although there's a good reason behind it
Cyprus or maybe Crete would be great if you can find cheap airplane tickets.
Switzerland : getting nice photos in Lake Luzern
Wouldn't really call any of these greek
It also accounts for some of the worst hangovers, but it is awesome with grilled octopus so we forgive it haha
Scratch that
The sign also says 'in their right mind'...
I have 100 Mbps for around 35 € per month and 200 Mbps cost around 50€ , unlimited calls are included in those programs
It also has a large psychiatric clinic so there are many crazy people about
We have to stop with these apocalyptic posts.
I'm Greek btw
It's kinda lame
yup it happens quite a lot
A Tokiostraße, a Nippongasse and an Arakawastraße in district 22.
&#x200B;
Ex-communistic
The issue is that the UK is ripping itself apart from the EU overnight, slowly heading towards a no-deal scenario
Finally I found Spiderman
Both countries are getting worse and worse by each day with their regimes
Usually by 12 or 13 people drink, they don't really get drunk until like 14 or 15
Not so secret anymore, is it now?
I have some if any of you want.
Well they were under French service though so it counts as France.
There are 24h kiosks that even sell hard liquor and wine no problem.
Hehe
I THOUGHT THIS WAS A JOKE DID THAT REALLY HAPPEN
around 40-50 of us (not me) had a weed habit
I'd like to go to Spain
pulls mad pussy
There are days that i drink more frappe than water :p
If I actually sit down and take a good look at my english books, ohhhh boy
The security guard of Benjamin Netanyahu  did not even recognize the PM of NL
I'm only familiar with Swiss cheeses and fondue, but the rest that you mention doesn't sound bad at all
The Euro's parity with the dollar is slightly above 1:1.
That is the proletarian utopia for you right there
Greeks and Turks also lived together for centuries prior to the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire.
The campaign started before the winter and it ended before the winter started
In comparison with Nordic countries we have  low [minimum wages] and [average wages] PPP  . Also [We have the highest unemployment rate in EU]  and the [second highest youth unemployment rate after Spain] . But fortunately after 2015 the unemployment is slowly being reduced, so I guess the things will be better in the future
There's classical Greek, church Greek, Byzantine Greek, etc
Stamatis -> Stamos
Putin has put people in jail because they protested against him
But in the rural areas, especially in Crete, there are a lot
Its also weird how everyone is aware and yet we fight endlessly for the most trivial political issues
As for the codfish, we mostly eat it fried along with skordalia (no, there is no cheese in skordalia)
Herbs yes but not spices
That's my exact thoughts
We have what we call in Greece "Magiria". There are like tavernas, but they serve only traditional Greek food and especially "daily" picks (meaning that they don't have stable menu dishes, but they cook every day fresh dishes)
People saying "Opa" really isn't all that common especially in the way it's used/known around the world
But it's not
Probably because they are
by Karaiskakis again but it was something he said at another time
Yeah I think it is a regional deference as well
We elected him and now he runs it
I have met many people who have learned the Greek landscape from that game
I would love to point you to certain links with great analysis on this topic ( with officials analyzing and not just reporters ) but they are in Greek, sorry.
It's just 4 million people packed together in grey apartments (although the metro system us quite clean and organized)
Sneak invade Corfu and take it for glorious Dutch empire.
Thank you for this
I always love seeing Cyprus in there it's like a contrast to the whole middle east haha
How then can they unsolicitly lecture women what to do?
Now 200-250€ might seem like a joke, but when you live on the line it makes a big difference
The point isn't to support European independence far as I can tell, it's just stop anti-competitive/monopoly-like practices from Google
” By September 1947, the year the  Communist Party was outlawed, 19,620 leftists were held in Greek camps  and prisons, 12,000 of them in Makronissos, with a further 39,948 exiled  internally or in British camps across the Middle East
The world is not over and /r/europe is not what matters in this world.
She told them across the land of the blind
We became independent in 1830 (big thanks to England Russia and France)
Russia needs Turkey more than Turkey needs Russia in energy once TAP/TANAP is completed.
Oh my sweet summer child
Same quality
thank you bros
I believe that the fame of each state has to do with media exposure and maybe with their economy , because a state with a good economy will attract more people and businesses , so more people are going to know it and I guess there other factors that may contribute to their fame
Athens or Athena Αθήνα in Greek, originates from the known ancient goddess Athena
That law had so many loopholes and was enforced (for lack of a better word) library, meaning that not only did it not ban smoking in closed public places as it was supposed to but it actually made it perfectly legal
[  [
sure, but that article shows that this exceptionalism is even under obama upheld as a guiding principle
&#x200B;
>Why does it matter if divergent forms of English eventually come to be identified as different languages
Trade war with China, trade conflicts with the EU, tariffs on Mexico, shutting down the NAFTA...
Actually that's probably good for us
I'm telling erdogan on you, prepare your anus.
*(TL;DR Yes, the 3rd one, kinda)*
Also during WW2 many Brits, Australians and Kiwis fought in Greece next to Greeks.
Ibiza and Majorca
The Greek Revolution, it has everything, the Underdog fighting the Empire, immense heroism but also atrocities, anti-villains and anti-heroes, glorious last stands, secret societies, musket battles, naval battles, pirates and brigands turned good and back again.
In greece id say 15th August, saint virgin marys day
It's a mistake that makes more sense if you speak the language but you don't always write it down, yet it's totally weird for English learners because you can immediately see that this thing doesn't exist in the written language
At least he wasn't cleansing Armenian and Kurdish families from their homes.
I truly believe this is the most important factor that explains why we are as we are now
Vice once interviews a flat-earther and he was wearing a mask on his face
Super overpriced for what it's worth
And for a third option I'll choose German
The interpreter market isn't exactly easy.
Thank you Serbia
So words with over 3 consonants in a row is always a struggle for Greeks to pronounce.
And so on till 19 where 20 is ìkosi
Very very very great and honest politicians, modern state
I actually ask my neighbors to receive a package for me ,so yeah I find it so weird .
So majestic
tbf that's a typical terrorist attack, fairly frequent in Athens, around high value targets (embassies, banks etc).
And ionians are taught to be one of the three major Greek tribes
When he ordered the first shipment of potatoes,  he ordered that they be offered to anyone interested for free
For example Havana 7 years(700ml) costs about 35+ euro in Greece.
Are we in any Hollywood movies that are made by non-Greeks
Crete, Volos, Thessaloniki for food, and eat everything
I can’t really pick but in my opinion it is one of those:
I remember someone claiming Ares raped his cousin
There are even differences between Noerthrners
Most likely [Rockwave] and [Ejekt]
Other than those we have a few very funny ones imo as follows:
That's  not offensive , in some cases it's good
The only real easter :p
There's nothing mysterious about that penis
Islamism too has strong roots in the Turkish society and is refueled every now and then but neo-Ottomanists.
Yeah we have those too usualy with pepper, onions, tomato etc
OK, you're a little louder then us I have to admit
Because history is fun and also with those 3 I can learn any other language easily
Even the word itself has a positive meaning
A roughly translation is the following :
Mostly all young people speak english and as for the previous generation I'd say more than half of them speak it fluently or can hold a conversation.
Flanders
Since 2005, discrimination based on sexual orientation in the workplace has been prohibited
From where are you
Oraiókastro - Nice castle
Greek justice system: Couple years of house arrest, best I can do
Of course Germany had the whole genocide thing
If you don't want war, you shouldn't have been stealing your neighbours' territories.
I think Greece could be a nice hand as well
Some Greeks (mostly ethnicists) think that Papadopoulos saved the country (which is false) and we wish we had a prime minister like him
They say  that many people inside the "For the Future of Montenegro" are pro russian and supported by the Serbian church
True, but she is an informal leader of entire EU, you would think there would be some response, if not from a parliament member of her party.
I prefer ketchup or Mayo ( or both)  with hotdogs
An extradition of the eight could be seen as a victory to be exploited politically by Erdogan.
Everyone is saying that, not just me
Damn
πωωωωωωωω η χειρότερη είμαι λολ
The word for jealousy describes a state where one wishes or actively tries to get the object of desire while the word for envy describes a state where one feels sad that he that he doesn't have the very same object
Many European are really arrogant thinking really low of the US.
Thanks
Test Pap ( or Pap test)
I wouldn't watch it if I was in your position
The terms themselves (absence or rejection of belief in a deity vs ignorance on the existence of deities) fundamentally have no contradiction between themselves, you can absolutely hold both
The German paratropers found that out the hard way...
There cant be any badly executed public projects if the projects themselves get stuck in standard bureocratic procedures for a decade or two
Understandable, looks like he was responsible for the deaths of thousands of Poles.
Basically the war happened because the people that came in power after the war were the same people that controlled things during the nazi occupation
I mean, technically, no doubt, it translates to wanker
Hey, we got 25 of those babies.
I only know all this because I have a house near the beach and I was interested to find more about it once.
''Παπάκι'' (papaki) and it means duckling
Ahem can I join
I also now catch myself speaking Greek to someome and then almost speaking English only to correct myself embarrassed
• Cussing feels so satisfying (compared to english at least) for 3 main reasons
Lithuania's been trying it's best too
Herbs yes but not spices
In fact, I couldn't find any type of cold coffee on the menus
Unless our government abandons the whole "prepay next years taxes" I doubt *any* company will want to come open up shop in Greece.
To answer your question, I'd have to write a book
But why
You can trust us to do the right thing with everything except money lol
And the general look of the place was very dark, very gloomy and dirty looking, and the only thing that you could see was ancient Greek ruins
EDIT: Enough with this whataboutism
Is healthcare expensive
I think, at least in my town, that it’s safe to drink tap water
To clarify, Ξξ is pronounced ks (x) and Ζζ is pronounced z.
man, we didn't even make it to the 1900s
If you say "Beijing", most people won't understand you at all, let alone that the only word for "Beijing" that's typed with the Greek alphabet has so bad of a SEO and displays mostly random results if you search for it
In Greek both the continent and the moon are called Ευρώπη (Evropi).
That alone shows that the doctor is a hack, for even if the illness diagnosed is correct, he still prescribed a harmful medicine
Lol that's so dumb
I used Harvard style
Same in Greece, I don't think there's something like the Germans or Dutch have
So they may be talking about random things
Could someone care to explain everyone doesn't like switching time 2 days per year
So stop running away from the question like a hypocrite that you are, and answer it
However there is one symbol that is highly controversial
And it not only will end up saving you a ton of money on rent but you will have a transportation to enjoy the city.
Vaffanculo
The difference between coffee in civilized countries and barbaric ones.
Italy
You bring shit like this on yourselves.
Be careful Europe, you're playing a dangerous game
Greece to use armed forces if Imia is invaded by Turkey as threatened by Turkey’s Foreign Minister Melvut Cavusoglu
The error was that instead of 'ανταρτοπολεμο' he had wrote 'ανταρκτοπολεμο'.
Whilst the previous two were only hard for communists and left leaning people, this one was almost universally bad
Byzantium is the name of an ancient Greek colony of the city state of Megara, named after their king, Byzantas, and the site Constantinople was build on
ten minutes later we could hear a rumble coming out of the woods and moments later we see dozens of guys running in all directions like animals trying to escape a wildfire
Most tourists that go to Greece are British, Turkish, Russian and Spaniards
Again, last week the last km inside of Athens was connected to the rest of the electrified line.
It works that way, it is called korakistika, which translates to crow's language
That's awesome, I never thought about it that way but you're right
All I'm saying is that it's too soon for either celebrations or regrets.
How did you convince yourself to go in
These would provide epic motorbike helmet designs.
It's not so easy to go full argentina on EU / eurozone.
Image not wearing a mask on the bus and the president just walks in
I used to work in hotels and I have seen the difference
English is probably one of the easiest languages to learn
tbh I could probably imitate a perfect Spanish accent by only slightly modifying my Greek accent
Allies in the First Balkan War then switching to enemies in the Second
There is some very very bad history, and I would not except some Greeks to reciprocate the feelings.
Gas pipeline project between Greece, Israel, Cyprus and Egypt is also in the works sponsored by EU.
It depends on your definition of Balkans.
Does he have the authority to make such statements?
Due to really bad weather and big waves, the lorry fell on the ships door and it opened
Wait what
I also prefer fresh milk
I'm a Greek who doesn't like tzatziki
Im sure you will and thats why EU will collapse
Especially if you want to win an election during this time.
Let me tell you about the year 285 AD and a mad lad called Diocletian :D
You'll occasionally hear older Greeks still be genuinely sad specifically about the failure to reclaim Konstantinoúpoli but more with a patriotic homesick feeling and less in an angry nationalist way
We have the same with the Thessaloniki Metro
Το φεγγάρι (the moon, neuter)
I wemt Erasmus in Italy
In Crete most if not all people have at least one kind of gun in their house (anything from a hunting rifle to the latest fully automatic rifle) and some time ago (maybe even now I have no idea) the rest are Vendettas where families (by families I mean a group of people that have the same surname) would go into all out war between each other for any kind of reason
Now, Χριστός is the Greek name for Christ and it is spelled with an iota instead of an eta like Χρήστος. However some people spell Χρήστος as Χρίστος and honestly I have no idea why
Also, some words have double letters which are not pronounced as such
The ones from rural places have negative connotations
It depends how many members a family has,  what foods they are eating and if they cook their own food
no not really thats the point of the video...
It's not that I don't believe you but I'm interested
We call France Γαλλία which is Galia  ( g pronounced a wh from what)
Dude
This is the first time I see anything about the Prime Minister and I don't cringe to death
that the billion will be spend on the people running the fund, not on investment
tell me what a child I am incapable of sovereignty
But soon after that it is normal to stop and go back to occasional drinking
Also history doesn't really help with the situation
I think they replaced the word propaganda with the word culture.Must have been a typo!
Imagine having about 2500 years of history
I had no idea that Daft punk is from France wow
I would give you an award but I don’t have any
I can think, two instances that are very "hush"-"hush" in Modern Greek history.
Pepi Tsesmeli, Liliana Hioti, Efi Thodi, Anastasia Gioussef, Vera Lambrou etc
Is that thing around it supposed to be Conway's game of life
Most politicians are fairly pale to average citizen, don't think they sunbathe cause of city life.
I would say that people outside of Athens don't have a big problem understanding what they are  saying, especially in Rhodes where they speak a similar way
Giorgos Papandreou
What do you think
The planes that participated in the attacks were based of Italy and France, not Greece
Because people obviously skipped history class or weren't paying attention during the lesson
The only thing I couldn't taste was fish, it's just a pitty
If you want additional info check on the Armenian-Greek and Assyrian genocide in 1914-1921
In general, when a place has solid and efficient infrastructure to offer, sometimes cars can be the worse choice
Holiday description according to Wikipedia:
The above refers to [Alexander] that was king of Greece during the expansion into Asia Minor
They are usually drunk and they tend to be in a lot of fights
Scotland, similar kilt like outfits, both of our national animals are mythical beings (Greece has two national animals, the Dolphin and the Phoenix), one of our ethnic instruments is bagpipe related (tsampouna is popular with island folk), both country flags are white and blue with very similar shades
Right
There are many patients at his door asking for his services but instead of money they are willing to pay with eggs, milk etc.
Because people obviously skipped history class or weren't paying attention during the lesson
a sort of Murray Bookchin, if you know what I mean
Try to find a non-Athenian Greek that disagrees with you
Oh damn
If you ban advertising violence and pogroms you clearly are an extremist freedom-hating liberal.
What sort of privacy is being violated?
As is the case with all member states
I worry that it is still going to require some catastrophe to unite EU.
I wouldn't love to wake up to a dark sky
No regrets
Nothing about lowering the rents to more affordable prices
I didn't, is it possible to send proof?
The word comes from ασπαίρω (aspero) which means to shake with force or tremple or struggle especially like while dying
I used to work delivering food and I would be completely broke without tips
I request this also
It was clearly a joke lol
All other "big" nations (China, Russia etc.) are regional powers and can't exert the same influence.
We call it skiouros in greek
France is uhm suspicious
I know the Cypriot national anthem because it's the same as the Greek one
We also use siktir here .
I have to agree, while a super rare occurrence, there are people that will admit that they are wrong in a conversation or make a normal mature conversation
In the first Monday of Lent the town of Tyrnavos celebrates the Feast of Phallus or Burani
Mythos has a totally different meaning
I am now starting my final year in High-School and until now we have never done a lesson on WWII, maybe we talked about it a little bit with our teacher but it was never required to be taught
He is tall, muscular, with blond hair and blue eyes (possibly a reference to the Nazi concept of an Aryan Master Race) and usually wears military fatigues, uniforms, formal wear, or a collared shirt
Foínikas - Palm tree
Thessaloniki, only to a small extend since their unofficial motto is Χαλαρά/ Chill
In the end though the islets became ''grey zones'', greece effectively losing sovereignty over them.
Σαν τη Χαλκιδική δεν έχει (=There is no place like Chalkidiki, a town/county with very nice beaches and very nice to be in all around)
because we don't really have hot sauces in greek restaurants, unless the dish itself has chilli flakes
One could get it anytime if not careful.
Cheating in what way
Greece, Our vice minister of health during an interview inside the ministry of health
A basque singer, Izal, does that a lot noticeably in his songs
I find it reasonable for the companies to consider not to invest in the UK (publicly) to put pressure into politics.
Although it is known that doctors strike deals with specific companies to promote their drugs, so a doctor might over step and get you into antibiotics from that company to get profit.
*Edit: Grammar and wrong name*
In comparison with Nordic countries we have  low [minimum wages] and [average wages] PPP  . Also [We have the highest unemployment rate in EU]  and the [second highest youth unemployment rate after Spain] . But fortunately after 2015 the unemployment is slowly being reduced, so I guess the things will be better in the future
Many things have to be dealt internally
I replied "Turkish".
Easy: because our minister is dumb to a murderous degree.
It would be interesting if the tax records of the last decade, of all the higher ranking officers in those unis went public
And yes, first time I heard it, I also took it literally
okay I won't complain about not snowing enough ever again
Talking about 8 years old we haven't even seen Donald the snowflake yet.
I'm also glad because I really like the idea of a European Union
boring, you don't learn anything important in it, etc.
Anyway, my google search gave me this:
Its mostly lack of political will
Ah shit , here we go again
Hope the one who committed this atrocity to rot in prison
If you get sunburn, apply yogurt.
I like the names Zahir , Axel , Wolfgang and Felix
But in the rural areas, especially in Crete, there are a lot
What can we do to make all suburbs beautiful and worth livin
Most of the time their researches are at least bad.
Στου διαόλου τη μάνα - At the devil's mom
Fun fact erdogans dream boarders contain Austria .
I mean maybe the priest fucked his wife or something
Theodoros Kolokotronis
I was not familiar with the fish pie, so I just read its recipe
This is the case in almost every single country, region or even city in the world..
I cannot possibly see any other outcome to this perpetual can-kicking and honestly if it didn't affect so many people, I would dare call it a joke.
All the time
Μολων Λαβε was the phrase that Leonidas said to the King of Persia during the battle of Thermopyle.
Giouuuurgiaaaa
I mean, it's just an opinion so I wouldn't expect us to be 100% in agreement
Oh damn
The modernisation of the military is true and that's why the debt increased, because the regime was encouraged to buy shit from the USA to contain the "COMMUNIST THREAT".
We needed police escort to leave the locker room
Germany and some others ain't gonna ditch their interests in Turkey because we have a standoff with the Turks
It's our national sport
Already msg'd the mods and they took down the OC tag, so there's that
And it's not because everyone speaks English or anything
Yes, it counts
Yeah I also don't agree that the case of Öcalan was similar with the case of the eight soldiers.
I am not pointing to that book to inform you about nazi cherry picking.
Personally I don't miss it, because I never experienced it
And I agree; we're only having a friendly discussion on the matter, no harm's done.
Of course the Germans would find an efficient way to make the meme
It's about as much of a realistic fear as Russia launching an invasion on the Baltics.
The story was broken by the German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung
automatic doors
The standard form of the meme is "pay denbts".
It looked like a full blown riot like the ones in Athens, with fires burning, makeshift barricades and stone or firebomb throwings.
They park on every pavement, block streets, make noise at 3am with loud music, etc
Damn Italians with their colonies
North Macedonia: In the past yes but now not really
Hungarians want the cake and eat it too
I live in southern suburb of Athens
But it's definitely old at this point, live next to it, there's about two three shortenings that everyone uses to refer to it
I am proud of some parts of our history, but others ooo boiii
Yeh, the Frappe in OP's pick is a fairly shitty one, probably tastes like crap.
Tea with a couple sugar cubes, consumed 6-12 times daily is a bitch
Phone: [This] from r/Amoledbackgrounds
There is a myth in Greece (I doubt that this myth is old though) that when the Megareans left Greece to establish Byzantium, later called Constantinople and now Istanbul, they asked the oracle of Delphi where should they go to build their new city
As i said to another guy here just because there are liberals in Turkey it doesn't mean Turkey is liberal.
Meteora in Thessaly
To be fair they could be conducting SEAD so the UAVs can operate
the beautiful historic inner city has the dodgiest areas
It was not a civil war
Unfortunately Athens had the possibility to become a beautiful city, but there were decades of the construction sector trying to fill the city with apartment buildings to sell
It celebrates the day Jesus was baptised and basically the revelation of the holy Trinity
It is voluntary, ESA isn't part of the EU.
Man, timezones must be a bitch in that area
This is one of the biggest economic projects in Greece in decades, if not ever(not really sure).
Was it ever yours to begin with?
phew I though we were the only ones with Jesus in classrooms
Pyrgos, in Ilia is also one of these meme places we've got
I want my Greece back
I would also like to thank Italy for the amazing food,culture,history,architecture, for your beautiful country and for being nice and friendly
I don't really have that problem, I just understand english but have a lot of trouble finding the words when I try to translate, in general I forget the Greek words for it
While I mostly like NYC (the diversity and vibrancy of the city are amazing), I thought the subway system could have been more user-friendly, plus it needs an overhaul
Well yes, one is more recent in history.
"I hope nothing
320 dead people
16 May 2024
"Architecture" by civil engineers is not architecture.
Ah ok I just thought it would be more specific if you use Sunday, but it makes sense that way
My citizenship should be taken away because I fucking hate this stuff
Yes,  I still live in Greece
>You simply wont accept that your side was in the wrong and perpetrator of violence
I'm not sure if they are more relaxed about weed though
The results of the last nationals elections
ΠΑΤΣΑ!!!! Also why did you have to say grilled  octopus, now I want some
It’s the sound in this [video]
EDIT : I also just read the following
They sold MY nation to the bankers
Please give us our warm weather back, thanks
If it's him, how did they got away with that?
And Greece, except for a few islands every summer.
The rest of them could be considered rather informal in the workplace, and you would be discouraged from wearing them
one means softly, and the other means asshole
I'm not talking about the last 10 years which have been harsh on our economy; it was a well established practice even before that
If he fails there will be no other chance like this to reform our statist economy.
Generalizations are almost always wrong
Μινιμα
Thank you also for having a beautiful country
As a half Cypriot who saw his grandparents lose almost everything mere decades ago this disturbs me
We love y'all and you know it <3
Please don't put me on r/iamverysmart, I didn't make it, I just thought it looked pretty
There's no way
Always on Holy Saturday at midnight there's a vast cacophony of fireworks typically around churches
I feel you
We say the same way in English
37€ 100/10Mbps here
3 Iran
οτι is a conjunction and it means 'that'
It is also very common to give the child the name of a grandparent
This is actually really good and funny
1000000 ένα εκατομμύριο (ena ekatommyrio)
Or do you want more US military interventions in our vicinity which has caused us so many issues we have to deal with
There's also Kastoriá, which means beaver town
Wow 5000 comments just about chicken lol
In Greece you are allowed to buy a rifle for hunting but you are not allowed to have a gun at home for self defence even if you live in rural areas way away from the police.
In the Louvre, the victory of Samothrace
Mainly due to not caving in to Mussolini's ultimatum
Fish + cheese just doesn't go together
The Thessaloniki metro
I also prefer fresh milk
That's tens of thousands of people.
EDIT: It didn't go too [well
It looks like this time they are serious.
".]
No you aint wrong,its written " eucharisto "  but pronounced as  " efcharisto "
Lend me some money and I will teach you how
As to greece and serbia, it probably has to do with the fact that we share the same religion (orthodox christianity)
contentious as in "argumentative" or "controversial"?
About culture I don't know, but I guess it would be more adjusted to the needs of the time
I wasn't expecting to get so worried by this thread
Based on a quick search those were the best offers
This looks delicious and disgusting at the same time
It has to be a real nice place
I don't give a rat's ass about investments so my disposable income goes to things I want the most but my cousin and his wife,  each one making around a thousand euros per month, have already flipped two small apartments, listed another one in airbnb and bought a house for them just recently
EDIT: Added some things
Skam (when done well) just offers itself for some great commentary on the society it concerns, while bringing to light some very interesting issues teenagers face . Considering how diverse life in each European country can be, I think that it would be great to have more "Skams" that retain the main ideas while deviating from the clear cut plot progression of the original show
Thank you komsu
Has EU budget ever included some money focusing on helping europeans with housing
He also said they are going to make a Colossal success.
I just added what I remembered
It was mainly his wife that caused unrest by painting a picture of Bavarian influence beyond Greek control.
Same goes for people from villages in crete
Είναι ό,τι saresei
[Rotting Christ] is my favorite from Greece, one of the most popular bands in Scandinavia.
People broke into my house 3 times
it's sad that even in that age where the money was supposedly flowing like a river the morons that they are didn't invest in anything to make their fortune greater or the country's, they just kept buying useless houses, even more useless cars and the rest throw it away at bouzoukia, no planning whatsoever about the future, only to show off now and sadly nothing has changed even after a decade of memorandums and with us learning what our stupidity cost us
These are some dark times you are going through, neighbor.
Retsina is love, Retsina is life
His [facial expressions]
Angela, learn that from high up here you are like a vision splattered on the ground
Around 50 kids in the town though, from different places.
Our Portuguese friend is not going to like it
But 'Akis' is seen as massively corrupted and there is propably not one person willing to defend even one thing he did in his career, when other politicians have many apologists defending them
They are something like THE SOUTHERN STATES for Greece
I thought Slovenia and Croatia had nice relations with each other
just NC is nearly a banana republic
Even though I disagree with all his political views and many of his actions, I respect him for what he did to the swastika flag
We were in Rome, me and 4 friends around 20 years old
there are already too many religious conservatives in Eastern Europe governments
I think that Roupakias who was the murderer of Fyssas was founded guilty last year
Also most of the near east
Again, I might be spouting bullshit but that's what makes sense to me
The only thing that puzzles me is the future of Europeans who do such jobs ( coal related etc) , but I guess this issue will be solved until 2050
They might even think Cumbria is part of wales again who knows
There is a sense of continuity with the past which I love and makes me feel so relaxed
In the early 1940s, thousands of Cossacks arrived in Carnia (northern Friuli) and began clearing it of the native population and establishing Russian-speaking Cossack towns
edited
...First off, fuck your bitch and the click you claim
Yes it's depressing as hell, but can we talk about the temperature there
The most probable right now is Catalan independence.
Yes pretty common in Greece from the mid 70s onwards (before that we had a US backed military dictatorship in Greece so no soviet imports)
I guess we just have been to different places.
Tukachevsky (with Trotsky's agreement) had ordered Stalin to stop the siege of Lwow and join his army in the Vistula near Warsaw
I had the comic books and loved them.
You simply said "**That part of Turkey isn't in Europe**" which is the fucking case.
Monaco>mónikos(one house/family)
I'm learning (very slowly) but it's like 10 times as hard as any other language I've learned
There is a difference between throwing home made firecrackers down a mineshaft and putting together a nail bomb.
[This bullshit]
Those strains should all be banned, all the rest legal
Basically it's a mentality of: high school -> university-> find a job
He doesn't want to change the economic system of the United States.
The issue with the name is really an issue of history hijacking.
Even in non-PiS environments, state TV is widely known to be pro-government in many countries
I don't doubt it
Well that explains it
Argos is older than Athens, it's been inhabited continuously for the last 7000 years
There's all kinds of replies along the lines of "Just don't be a dick, relax, be reasonable, use common sense" etc, etc
DON'T FORGET US, WE'RE MORE SOUTHERN THAN EASTERN, LET US INTO THE SOUTH PLS
The Swiss taste like brie cheese
Why are people down voting normal ass comments
Edit: Also Attica is the most economic advanced region of Greece
>Oh
No, not at all, even in upscale restaurants
The capital Z is written Z (the same as the latin Z)  and the lower z is written ζ , but I have seen it written as cursive z. As far as I know it's written without a line
There is some pressure, as soon as i got out of the university got to feel it . My mother was always questing when i ll got married and she would see grandchildren ... I didn't even had a gf at that point and that kept happening for years, a decade at least ... She was driving me crazy
I am so jealous
Most tourists in Greece go to islands like Mykonos, Santorini and Crete
What exactly did the deleted comments say?
I'm all for jokes, but I've found that many northern Europeans seem to think these characteristics are actually true
I am not sure, but this probably goes back as a sign that family and friends are there to defend that wedding to their last breath from anyone willing to break that love and unity apart.
Foreign fast food chains aren't popular at all here
[Rebetiko] is a music style that uses Bouzouki and Baglamas
But usually If I meet many relatives at the same time, it would be for an event like new year eve, Christmas ,a wedding or a funeral or for another event
Europe was not at war with itself
In theory at least
some positive news from your country / region . Lol
The increased number of new cars on the roads after 2018, when the economic crisis ended prove that there is money in Greece
Mainly, his [terrible command of the English language
I can't help you with that
Add to that if someone is old and feels entitled and you got yourself one of the biggest daily life problems in Greece
Not at all, I love sounding cocky
Every time my aunts see me they say the same thing
A lot of people think so but for example, log() or sin() or even the common variables xyz are Latin and still people use them with no problem in maths
Ten employees of Attica bank charged following an investigation by the "economic police" - Gave millions in loans with no collateral
Spanish, because it's sounds good, I like Spanish culture, it's a language that it's spoken by a lot of countries and it can help me to learn Italian and Portuguese
Panourgia finds the camp on Giaros – an island which  even the Roman Emperor Tiberius decreed unfit for prisoners – to have  been Wickham’s own direct initiative
BTW about your previous question " Do you guys expect Americans to be white or black or are Hispanics more familiar now
Constantinople in 1453 if the 4th Crusade never happened
2020 be like: I still have some time to fuck em up
+Sparta
Thank you Serbia
When the 500ml bottle is 0,50€ and the 750ml 0,75€
Even though Athens is the city with the most theaters i would like more theater opportunities and performing arts in general like Berlin and the England in general
Papaflessas
Y... You're joking right
Anything that can be considered cheap in a low quality sense will be memed as being from lidl
But sound changes are a natural part of every language
It always faschinates me when I meet Turkish people because when they hear I am Greek their whole face lightens up like they found a long lost brother!
Μαλάκας (Malákas) simply because I use it the most
That's hard to answer, in truth, I don't think there is one.
I did a few years ago but I've become more social the past few years so I use my native language more
Finally let me say that I'm a huge sea-lover and I adore the beach so I can't deny that I love our place on earth
Realistically it is most likely equal with Italy and Spain, I think it is Southern European lifestyle of good weather and close family.
No, but I've heard some people do it
And I would say the dog thing and raw meat does not apply to Greece
in Greek it's  Υπουργείο Εθνικής Άμυνας (Ypourgio Ethnikis Amynas) meaning Ministry of National Defense
Serbia is the most loyal Russian puppet but I agree that we have Putinbots here though.
Metaxas was a dictator but we tend to overlook that because he said "Ochi" to Mussolini
earth: η γη (female), moon: το φεγγάρι (neutral)/η σελήνη (female), sun: ο ήλιος (male)
We have some of the lower paid jobs in Europe, but, unlike other countries with low paying jobs, we also have some of the higher prices
Every country has maps like these anyway
Definately not
Orthodox Christianity was also a part of Ottoman culture.
If he tried to claim the though that's another story.
He fought in the Balkan wars, first world war and minor Asia war
Turkish politicians(and citizens supporting them) must understand that bullying and cursing and shouting and whatever, is not, and shouldn't be, the way to go with international relations.
It is very beautiful
In Thessaloniki and nearby regions it is almost guaranteed to snow
It also accounts for some of the worst hangovers, but it is awesome with grilled octopus so we forgive it haha
As a matter of fact this is not even the worse
Happy St
Just say Alexander the Great was not Greek and you can create an army with torches and pitchforks
It's the North Macedonians who have am entirely different story
I was wondering why I kept burning them when I tried to cook them
John Kirby handled the situation shitty.
What are the political disagreements with your follow countrymen
In Greece we still have the "Occupation" syndrome (Katohiko)
I cant tell you a number, but I've seen a lot of Albanian, Bulgarian and bizarrely French license plates here
[Götz von Berlichingen] Jugend ohne Gott
Then the Byzantine Empire, that were basically also Romans, influenced the religion of the region making many neighbouring countries/regions Orthodox Christian by sending apostles
Firstly, the accident happend in [Vale of Tempe] which had (back then) one of the worst national roads that Greece had
Germany has an incredibly low percentage of card use for such an advanced country.
I don't think I need to mention people like Seferis, Venezis, Dido Sotiriou, Kastoriades etc
They don't have the senate, they can't actually do something in the first 2 years and if they go with 'bi-partisanship' and working things out with the republicans they will lose the mid-terms election even harder as they will neither have support for their policies nor will thy have anti-republican sentiment like the anti-Trump sentiment that exist now
chocolate spread - Merenda
"Είμαι χριστιανός, ως εκ τούτου δεν δύναμαι να είμαι Έλλην." Γεννάδιος Σχολάριος.
This has been asked more than a million times here
Sometimes between countries it doesn't work like that...
A Master costs average  £7
Also our discord was never at war with /r/Turkey the attack was done by randoms
Its interesting to see how a real European country handles Erdogan's aggressive and loud "diplomacy" manners.
And how do you ensure the stabilization of the nation if you team up with a party that supports invading at all directions ?
Edit: It's a very strong beverage and always should be consumed in small amounts
Every Cypriot/Greek-Cypriot tv serial and Whenever i hear the Cretan dialect
The fun part is that you can visit the archaeological sites of many of those ancient cities.
[Nope, things are bad both in reality and in numbers and statistics.]
Really drunk, sex acts and stuff
We had exactly the same pierogi experience in Warsaw :)
If that wouldn't happen, we would have kept now Izmir
They are not of European ancestry.
Probably they were sad about the news
Men/de is so neat and tidy
BTW The gender of the word city is also feminine in Greek
So only 2 syriza members voted against from here
Mine was issued in 2008 when I was in my preteens
I'm definitely using Uber when I get to visit your country
Another anti-Greek thread with dozens of northern euros flexing their superiority complex
Awesome series 10/10 would marathon them again even the not so great reboot
I love that combination as well, but no olives please
It's not like the Roman Empire fell and we gained independence; it went on like before, as Romans
Oh I'd absolutely love this
Is there a "__ Thursday" in other countries too
Same here
I hope that he was a troll and he didn't mean all the racist things that he said, but unfortunately racism exist in all countries ( to some extent)
Some guy said it's a made up map from 4chan.
Yeah that's right
And the US did increase testing
In some sites it was easy to find in the front page, and in others I had to use the search bar
We gained/freed a big chunk of today's country and, unlike other periods of our history, we did so only through our army's superiority both at sea and on land, not because of the help of a big ally
It's usually not worth knowing why he or they did it.
For this to make sense, I'll have to explain some stuff (the history may be boring but please read it)
The phrase "panic attack" gains a whole new meaning
wtf
Single
I don't think it needs to die, in Greece it's not obligatory tipping, people tip if they feel like it and that imo is a good gesture
It depends
It happened because Churchill believed he had to bring back  the Greek king
You can see the Hagia Sophia church , from the 8th century
Greece has the largest merchant fleet in the world
Hopefully by the time they realise it won't be too far gone
The Niva (kinda jeep) is also very common especially for farmers
"Βλέπω τα ραδίκια ανάποδα", same meaning
There's a story about it which has Pan causing panic to the Persians in the battle of Marathon
Yea some people take advantage of the freedom of everything they are offered in EU
At least we got the adriatic beaches of Cyprus (Montenegro)
It's not expected of older people but when ⅓ of your economy revolves around tourism, chances are you will be able to hold a basic conversation with the majority
Κανένα πρόβλημα,  και εγώ φιλικά τα γράφω και πιστεύω πως αν αγαπάμε πραγματικά την Ελλάδα δεν πρέπει να τσακωνόμαστε μεταξύ μας,  άλλα κάνουμε το καλύτερο για τη χώρα μας και τους πολίτες της.
Even the name Macedonian of their language hasn't any real historical meaning  because they signed that it is a Slavic language
I don't really know why
But I also know that German ones aren't much better, from the way they covered the financial crisis
Venizelos
For the same reason you call us Greeks, whereas our official name is Hellenic Republic and Hellenes for the people.
Old nationalistic enmities are not yet forgotten.
Also you are now the no1 destination for immigrants from the Middle East and Africa
And definitely still is
I only learned this when I was 16 by randomly browsing Wikipedia
There are no German ambassadors in this period
If we are in the same boat then it is a very good boat
I would say inheritance is the only way
It's a polite way of answering the phone instead of saying "hello" ir smth
• bro, but make it gender neutral (sis is rarely used)
I'd say the most evidence we get is from how the Romans heard and wrote down Greek words: for example, they wrote "Athenai" for "Αθῆναι" (Athens), but in mod
Everything unfortunatelly,especially in athens
after 21 we separate the words and this goes on to infinity
Males -> -akis
I actually believe that they just don't want us (as kids at least) to know about the bad thing our ancestors did
When writing numbers we use , to signify decimals and . for thousand
As for the 1st point I made, well, you can check [this] out
Which part of your country do you feel most sorry for
As a clarification "cheap" in that a city can create a bus line with minimal cost because the infrastructure is mostly already there
The logical eventual outcome of Turkey going rogue against Europe would be radicalization of Turks in Germany/UK/etc followed by radicalization of European natives, followed by ultra right-wing governments and once that happens, it is almost impossible to stop a War.
I would easily try them
I also remember an incident, in Greece this time, about 3-4 years ago when a Gypsy woman stole beer(?) from a village or small town shop, resulting in the cops being called and her being bared from said shop.
I use a qwerty keyboard but next to the Latin letters there are Greek and by pressing  shift+alt you switch alphabets .
France has great rest stops along the way
But it was used heavily in ottoman times
Yeah, I am aware that this doesn't apply to everyone from the south of America
Because the average person doesn't give a fuck about science and wants to watch sports instead
He votes for the other guys
This song isn't very very popular in Greece generally speaking
50€
saying "europe" instead of *X* country doesnt make the difference.
People think it's awesome because they only stay here for a week as tourists
In older generations, women would celebrate their daughters' first periods and they would give them all the advice they have on pregnancy and labor when they were with child
It is like a hard version of Dutch and an ugly version of Norwegian
Becomming European citizens comes with full political/social and economical rights.
And please
There was tons of trade between city states at the time
wow a post about Greece and only 1/5 of the comments are about our debt i love this community
You are in our hearts and minds
The Greek who desperately tries to portray himself as non-balkans.
I know someone who's surname was Hadji
A Frapé mixer
For context: The Greek word for "elevator" is "ασανσέρ" which is basically a phonetic transcription of French "ascenseur"
You hurt me deeply, just so you know
It's what they were saying right before Germany was split and occupied by the Allies.
Basically the war happened because the people that came in power after the war were the same people that controlled things during the nazi occupation
Social sciences are understood to be semi-empirical, they are mostly theorizing.
Like, in Munich I got so damn shocked about how people wore their backpacks on, uhm, their back on the metro
And I want shared custody of that sweet reddit silver
Beautiful picture
In Spain I had a huge room in a shared flat in the center of Zaragoza for
&#x200B;
In 1984 there was camera/mic setup in each home, but it was positioned in a certain room and there were ways to hide from it.
High Heels and other shoes that pose a danger to historical sites are illegal
Once used the word smattering amount with an Irish person and he instantly complimented my knowledge of english as a second language
Ena(1)
Or the Thessaloniki metro for us Greeks haha
Whether kalamaki should be called "kalamaki" or "souvlaki".
Turkish aircrafts violate Greek airspace.
And the AfD thinks that refugees are going to commit crimes and destroy Germany
μου αρεσει που εβαλες και τα 3/4 για να εισαι accurate
Making it justified then, right?
In many European countries is very common to drink milk
Though being the "most likely" doesn't mean they actually want to
I don't pay much attention to lyrics, the song has to be really offensive to stop listening to it
If they do a referendum so quickly and then it again loses .
Now imagine if Biden ends up being worse than Trump
COME ON
Italian towns and cities have always looked beautiful to me.
And don't think about the typical yellow school bus it was a regular bus that had a few problems
Transfer of ownership
one day we see our commander hopping into a jeep and drive fast in the forest
At least we have money for German tanks
To the people back then it must've looked like a futuristic hellscape much like WW3 nuclear holocaust scenarios look like to us
I knew about Polish and Lithuanians having a presence in Dublin, but not about Brazilians
Are you talking about [this] ?
I used to hate [rebetiko] which is a Greek traditional genre of music
Yeap that's right
(but I prefer the turkish version much more powerful )
I'm Greek  so basically every single one,
And for our foreign friends who don't understand the lyrics, let me translate some parts of it:
Good to see the Socialists getting annihilated
I'm not really sure since there are more than one and there's not only one that's very famous
We're in this for the long run esp if the world economy keeps the rollercoaster going.
Yeah, that Hitler chap was a really mediocre painter.
That's just a politician making a statement about his plans.
*Earthquake happens*
Congratulations
Welsh is my flex third choice too, after English and Greek haha
Btw, no worries, as most said, most Athenians feel the same way about the city, despite liking it or not
I want to be a child-killer, my booboo, I want you to become the mother of my child"
My Mom was raised by her aunt
We have "πάω στον πρόεδρο" in Greek, meaning 'I'm going to the president'.
Here the name Nikolas ( or Nikos)  is widely used .
To put things into perspective there are only 21 McDonald's stores as well
On another note, our school books always mention that they are co-founded by the EU
I think that's the case with most of the map
And people wonder why far right groups are on the rise...
I wanna see a swearing contest between an Italian, a Pole, a Serb and a Greek
I couldn't pinpoint it, but it seriously bugged me.
I'd argue that at least until the Greek war of Independence, most grecophones both in Anatolia AND ..Rumeli would identify as Rhomioi, as the ERE and subsequently the church preserved that notion.
My favorite Germany is Austria.
same with chinese being incomprehensible and greek being studied in school
The situation is quite similar in Greece too
I think Apple's argument is that this is detrimental to innovation
It's a bit uncommon I think
Avoid coffee, alcohol
400
OK, I was born in 1996, so I can't tell you about before but during the financial crisis that we went through the last decade, the term was used broadly against the politicians who supported austerity measures
Although we love alcohol, drinking responsibly is propably one of the few things we do right
If you don't pay they can fail you for virtually anything
Edit: Thank you all for sharing such delicious dishes and making me aware of them
We didn't invite half the planet into Europe because of feels.
Although, I personally think that the real golden age of Greece is in the very first years when we started mathematics, sciences, theater and so much more
Do you not feel like its the biggest waste of your time
I always had people thinking I'm not Greek (redhead, fair skin) but because of that they now really think I'm a foreigner
It's funny but i dont blame them at all; after all the average european does not know where Maine is.
Face to face discussion sucks
In English because there aren't many games translated into Greek but I recently played God of War
We've had a lot of people assassinated but I'm not aware anything like that
Wow I didn't expect Greece to be so high up
I think because some people believe that some of you think that it's wrong when a white person is wearing braids
Well, like I've said it wasn't my subject of choise and It has also been a long while since then, but I'm pretty sure we had this one in ancient Greek, or at least a big part of it
The Turks maybe but not the Greeks.
In 1834, King Otto (himself a Western tourist) decreed that the capital of Greece shall be the most important city of Ancient Greece
That's nice I also like to cook occasionally
But Greeks arent, Venice as a seperate entity havent been relevant for centuries in Greece, plus the areas occupied by them, or Italy after the unification had it way better than the places the Ottomans had
So for people who are old it's not common to be fluent in another language
Sure, I tend to pay VAT and not take under the table deals, as is my moral imperative to help the valiant, if imperfect, efforts of our current governing party
Even when you take each country's population into account, the data is way different for each country
I told him, and when he tried to repeat it back he sounded like a cat trying to spit out a hairball
They were jailed for murders not their opinions
(Assuming you are greek in origin, based on your flair and name)
It didn't reach over 29° for quite a while where I live and I briefly thought it was going to be the best summer of my life
Greetings from Greece
Their agenda doesn't deviate from mild Nordic-style wealth redistribution
Athens and Thessaloniki for sure, they're the 2 biggest cities in Greece and because we have a few diffrences in our vocabulary we like to make fun of each other
Our school history books refer to that emperor as the Bulgarian killer (Bulgaroktonos), but I can't remember feeling ashamed of our ancestors regarding to the context of that
Herr Schauble wants it and acts for it.
But we like our words to have a lot of syllables.
Yeah,  I am progressive and I don't really like that "antifa" rapper because he glorified extreme forms of violence in his songs,  but ( I am saying this to avoid any misunderstanding) I believe that the fascist murderers were worse and his murder was clearly wrong
ΧΑΧΑΧΑΧΑΧΑΧΑ έλιωσα
Tesla wasn't the only Serb who was of Vlahic descent.
Judging from some people I met from there, our cutures are very different.
~~Btw shouldn't you have used Κυριακή aka Sunday cause the feeling happens on Sunday
I still don't understand why people need to know Prager's opinions on issues in order to understand a video of Ramsussen ( it's not like we don't know him.
By the same logic I would choose  Luxembourg city or  Berlin
Learned quite young, like 4-5
To each one what they like
Athens had special carriages to collect the bodies of people that died on the streets due to starvation
I wish you will become whole one day again
Jesus Christ, we went on exactly the same trip in 12th grade and I’d say that Slovakia was absolutely the highlight
Second that
soon more and more were walking into the trees to come back with goofy smiles
Now please gimme money, i am poor
The most strange thing is though that it has a legally recognized abaton meaning that women are forbidden to enter it for any reason
The one with the highest points get to go on the german dictionary
I am greek and atheist so the cross is unnecessary imho...
>Yeah, the average was 28
Do you need specific subjects or something?
If you are really set on visiting the island, maybe do so for a day or so just to seen Little Venice and a wind mill or two and then run away as fast as possible without looking back, because not even a glare is free of charge there
It's been so long
Like Matthew Mcconaughey amazing cameo stated, all that financial services stuff does not exist in reality, it is just a bunch of computer inputs and wire transfers, there is nothing solid about that industry.
You should take a DNA test
We say "Έκανα **λαϊκ** στη φωτογραφία του" (I did a like on his picture) instead of the correct sentence in Greek, which would be "Μου άρεσε η φωτογραφία του".
On young ages i would say 1 at 10 but it can be a bit more.
>But I love anything made out of milk, cream, butter, cheese, yogurt
Hell I hoped to join her after I was done studying (she's been there 10+ years already), looks like that will be harder for me
In [Elliniko] an independent maisonette, 252  **m²** (sq
Thanks for remembering me btw
You killed them
Short Psalm hallelujah - when you're trying to prove a point and something will happen soon and the results will back you up
He was restarting after an impromptu windows update
Umm
You forgot that cat in Cypriot Greek is cata (if I recall correctly)
Jeez, that's fucked up
We got [this] flying pretty much next to our flag, the EU flag and sometimes the [Byzantine-Palaiologos one] in churches that are under the Patriarchy of Constantinople.
So, he said that in 2014 and he is charged in 2017.
Multicultural empires have been the norm for centuries
Quick question, what's the impact of nuclear power generation to the environment compared to fossil and coal
The layout of the city is pretty much as Hébrard intended.
I constantly ask myself why Nordics don't like their climate, only cause I'd love it, but then I remember that we don't like the climate here even though most would love it lmao
Slavo-mac politicians brainwashed their people too
This sounds interesting
I also know several cases of a main first name that is Christian (George, Eleutherios), and a second being from Ancient Greek mythology or history (Achilles)
Are these choices available everywhere
A few come to mind, not cities though
Stereotypes that Greeks don't work hard and have lots of debt have always annoyed me
Well the primary religion in Serbia is orthodoxy but there are several orthodox countries out there, it's just kinda weird that they're using a Byzantine emblem since Serbian history has nothing to do with the Byzantines
EU is a european common market
Also for some reason Χριστίνα is normally spelled with an iota, but some will spell it with an eta
So it comes down to what i have said.
Is it
Me too mate
The 6th of January in Greece is called Θεοφάνεια (= divine revelation)
It runs deep through genes i think...
AS a Greek I agree, we should have been left to fail like Iceland instead of being bailed-out.
Amazing looking city with tons of history
THEN Turkey violated the ceasefire, invaded a second time even though there was no danger and the violence had stopped and the Junta was toppled, and it occupied 40% of the island and then settled it with settlers from mainland Turkey
Finally I have now clue about demographics, but I guess the change won't be very big
I agree
Liberal Turks are not a minority in their country.
The lectures are livestreamed and later uploaded on the same site for people who couldn't watch them live
Brilliant
We start uni right after high school, nobody does a gap year here
TIL "Mega" is "Omega" in Cyprus
Cyprus is the spin off movie
Treacherous for preferring Venetians over Ottomans?
Thankfully I revisited the IT guy for something else that day, I noticed his keyboard and had an epiphany
There are some people who proposed it
Sienna or Pisa or even Padova are good choices.
Go see if the boats are moving : Stop annoying me and go away
So far there are three different opinions, yours, one that signifies a settlement built on top of a sand deposit in a wetland and he third being that it is a suffix coming from the roman -iacium, meaning a settlement, villa or farmland.
Yeah I miss the sea :(
You just became a Thessalonian
That is the sad state of the Greek university level education.
Afghanistan but it ressembles a bit on the portugese flag on this picture
and the fear mongering starts again
Lithuania's been trying it's best too
>  also Croatia only we can do that
Ok, ok I get what you said, and it’s the same here, but in my opinion it’s better to put sunscreen and a hat, or have the car seats be untouchable because of the heat or the tents down, than rain
Most ppl don't care about it bc they prob don't care about religion in general but imo it could be taught in a much better way (aka why would there be exams and tests for that
I think it's quite interesting because we're basically watching the evolution of the languages as they're interacting and influencing each other in many different ways
brought to life and spirit free,
Now I don't know what exactly you mean by navigate, but yeah, shops are very close to being 50/50 Greek/English alphabet
For more interesting info about the Greek coins: The 1,2 and 5 cents decipt the maritime history from the ancient times to modern, the 10, 20 and 50 poltical figures that shaped our modern times : Rigas Ferraios- Indepedence from Turkey, Kapodistrias- Establishment of the state, and Eleytherios Venizelos that more than doubled the size of the country in early 20th century and is considered one of the greatest prime ministers (if not THE greatest).
Even if for a sort period a questionable party like GD got some seats
London is a case on its own since it was bombed heavily during WWII and it was rebuilt in the "international" style.
• Unless the subject of a sentence has not be mentioned and is not known, you can skip it entirely and you will still be perfectly understood
Finally I have now clue about demographics, but I guess the change won't be very big
Although it shouldn't be, as there are people here in Greece who eat the sheep's head (they mainly make a soup with it), so it doesn't ring far away from home
Buses are terrible though, you can't depend on them to be on time
First we get the islands
Interesting
200 euros is also a huge thing here (it's the norm)
And I mean a Lot
Everything is overpriced there and almost no Greeks visit that place anymore because of that and tourist overpopulation
Hahaha
Not only are there no border crossings, but the currency and language is the same in all those countries, unlike in the Schengen area!
That's like saying that it makes no sense for Hawaii to belong to the United States of America, as it doesn't properly belong in the American continent.
Only 12% of the Turkish population want the Sharia law
It's a combination of the words δώσω (I will/to give) and λόγος (speech/reason)
The first two really aren't because one is forgotten and the other is tied with military glory
Europe was not at war with itself
That's definitely interesting as fuck
They thought we must still be in togas and in little white houses with no electricity by the beach
He's going to fix our economy
The economic growth is a myth (growth had started back in 1963, so it had no relation with the Junta's economic policy)
There is another side of Greece that you'll be amazed to explore.
People thinking that "having fun" = "drink so much that you vomit on the street and then pee or poop in the bushes". And not only silly students, but 50 year old guys
I think they didn't recognize them as Romans, because they recognized themselves as the true Romans
Are they cutting down the trees to make farm land or something
If anything it's the other way around.
Its easy to be a europeanist after you ve been sucking the wealth of europe for decades.
Every Cypriot/Greek-Cypriot tv serial and Whenever i hear the Cretan dialect
Early 20th century Macedonia
In Northern Greece people might identify more to the region where they come from and then as Greeks
Do you feel the need to say Hellenic Athenian ?
&#x200B;
Yellow cannons that go quack when you shoot them.
As an american you might have more luck working as an english teacher.
in greece we have tsiknopempti
There is no Protestant Islam to go hand in hand with secularism.
Έτερος Εγώ (The Other Me)
Yes we don't deserve a country of stolen Greek lands.
> Scylla was a legendary monster that lived on one side of a narrow channel of water, opposite her counterpart Charybdis
She said yes imediately which surprised her family since they had many suitors but she disliked all of them
Generally i never really cared for those countries
That is SMOKING HOT
> which does not exist afaik
Wow, so many taxes...Are drink prices at clubs and bars expensive as well?
-Olga
Took me a while to stop calling the country "Holland" in English as well
They were jailed for murders not their opinions
Most is some mystic shit with ancient gods and titans and whatever
Yup haha, even if you open both half the flow will be boiling
Wish I could say the same for us
Turkey is a "progressive" version of Iran
It's quite hard to preserve something intact after 2500 years.
Or Serbia
But as i said in my previous comment Europe was pretty reactionary compared to the US.
Many believe so yes
Do Portuguese use the Jeep to refer to SUV vehicles no matter the manufacturer
I speculate that beer is the most popular drink, but I might be mistaken
or their state laws ( except if is someone really likes a state , for example I know someone who wants to move in New York and this person knows it's governor and other facts about it)
Definitely Santorini and Mykonos
You research a random word we use in our every day conversations and 3 out of 5 times there's always an ancient myth or story behind it
The Darkfall MMO probably
By the way,  the correct way of saying it as an abjective is:
the golden chain consummates the scenery
You don't have the option of German subtitles on Netflix
Golden dawn neo nazi voters must be *Fuhrerious*.  /s
I'm talking about Greece, Slavic muslims in Greece were in the north.
Hey r/AskEurope, I'm applying to study medicine in Vienna, Krakow, Brno, Zagreb & Szeged.
On what criteria
Oh nice play you pulled off.You just linked me another article while I'm talking about the post we're commenting on
I don't like mousakas at all, because of the eggplant
Huns and Hungarians are completely different peoples.I doubt that Hungarians have some significant Central Asian dna in them.Most look Slavic/Austrian.
They're cool
He just can't understand how disastrous Ottoman rule was for Greece.
Or generally outside of Attica :p
But you are allways drinkingi  feel taht the lack of sun is just an excuse
But the countries that share boarders with my country aren't Schengen members
It would solve a lot of problems, and probably render his populist rhetoric useless.
>[Dschinghis Khan - Dschinghis Khan (1979)]
The reason Greece attacked was because there was a right wing junta that was helped even by the CIA in the mid 60s-early 70s. Also even before the junta Turkey had plans to invade the island and president LBJ said to turkish president that if he attacks there will be repercussions
&#x200B;
Found the Turkish immigrant
I don't know what you think you're saying, Pontians are Greeks.
We would be the employee who is asking for loans from other employees .
There are mentions in the history book in the final year of high school but they never teach it
1967 dictatorship
It would give more freedoms to Bulgarians, Greeks etc.
But I’m relieved our judicial system did the right thing for once
I spent a month in Lazio
Beautiful city
In Switzerland itself women didn't vote until 1971..
I feel ashamed every time I go abroad and they see my ID card at an airport
I never know which vowel to pronounce when there are two or more next to each other
Half the people in my friends circle are albanians I love albania
Today is a good day
A subculture is still it's own culture.
u/racist-femboy
The printed letters
Like a sausage and some root veggies
Yeh, but that is the nature of the work itself, hotel staff just sitting around all day.
If you are interested in history you should visit Athens for a couple of days and then head out to experience the land's diversity
You can buy milk which lasts a long time (like, more than half a year) and you don't have to put in the fridge unless you open it, then it has to be refrigerated
The last few years I also hear about these news elsewhere in the south yet I have no idea why
Don't be deceived by looks, some manufacturers like to make shotguns that look scary.
But what is known for sure is that the allied leaders especially FDR and Churchill were thrilled with the Greek victory and Hitler was absolutely furious with Mussolini.
How about ignoring immigration ?
Yes I am
Of course it doesn't apply anymore, there's nobody left for you to levy the tax on.
Finland could also become part of Russia lol...
Greece had a lot of great people centuries ago, it's recently that we have a shortage problem :D
Where are you from
Not at all
My point is that appropriateness and such superficial societal standards are things societies should be leaving in the past, not enforcing
British tourists to be precise
It must have been oenomelo (wine with honey)
In Greece we put them in the fridge too
It would be a shame if something were to happen to it
23 victims
We kinda see it as a student  furniture store, although I find it ridiculously expensive compared to quality and the fact that you have to assemble everything on your own
I am not panicking, you are
Yes please
Helen is always the daughter of Zeus, and Clytemnestra the daughter of Tyndareus, Leda's mortal husband
I hope more people join in, that will be fun
Belgium
Beautiful pictures ,folk dresses are always very cool
OK , I just thought that it may not be common to drink milk in the place you live, based on your response, but now I understand that's a personal thing about you
>No wonder the greeks are so much in debt, not knowing the difference between infront and behind, probably thinking a minus in front of your financial balance records means it's positive instead of negative
* Sikaflex for polyurethane based sealants
Best wishes guys,hope you'll get rid of this dictatorship
I don't like it when it becomes night at 17:30
Also the whole English ppl are cold and their food is terrible is just a stupid stereotype, for some reason it's okay to trash the English in ways that would be seen as ignorant for any other nation
But we have overtaxation so we can reach our economic goals and that blocks new businesses to start and we need to reduce bureaucracy as well.
Generally I'm not fan of national anthems to the point that when i watch a video who features a national anthem i skip that part
It's not something unique , but I lie it [
Any hot beverage
The Finn looks happier than he should.
And thus it has become a popular summer destination for Greek students who are affiliated with leftist political groups.
>third time in July
For the love of me  and even though my mom grew up in Australia so I was raised listening to English , I cannot pronounce them correctly
That's a typical response for a troll.
I personally think it blends in very well in a design with lines and generally it remains discrete and nice
He died on the way to the hospital
We have common stuff with Greece
They brought the lands they conquered back to the stone age
Correct
After all these years, I find it very hard to even care about the economy any more.
With the UK out, the cost is going to be prohibitive, and the administrative issues will be a nightmare.
When he eventually got out by crawling through broken glass, the owner of the jewellery store and a random bystander were there and they beat him to a pulp while he was in the ground in pain
Never they were given anything
It was build as a palace in the 1840s.
Nothing recent though, since our current one speeks  perfect English, sadly no memes there
I am not sure which unit the "economic police" is from but I think it is a new tax/corruption force created by the finance ministry last year.
Just like the song goes too:
1821 - 1940, 1944 - Today, Modern Hellenic Republic
lol
I would say inheritance is the only way
My parents refused to buy me the books (bacause magic=Satan and other BS) but I was determined to read them so I not-very-legally-downloaded them when I was 13 I think
I guess that counts as a deregulation
So, as you can imagine, the password i thought I wrote, was completely different than the one I actually typed
Shut up Enceladus or I m sending Athena again and this time she wont throw the mountain on your head, she will shove it
I think that Nazi party had less than 50% support,  so I guess most Germans weren't supporters of the Nazi party
Yay <3
I think he just tried to guess what old languages are still spoken without much thought about the script
That's right
I don't think I'm gonna have that problem
Do you want Greek passport to travel freely
I personally think bringing Islam is irrelevant, although it brought some differences between Bosniaks, Serbs and Croats.
Mostly by banning certain travel agencies and single Brits
I don't even know if there are any in my city
Travelling in many countries is the same with going to a trip within your own
But at that time period they were changing hands all the time and they weren't under the same kingdom/empire if I remember correctly
θα έλεγα και εγώ το ίδιο. ίσως και ο βόλος, επειδή, γιατί όχι;
hey look at this, something every european seems to agree on throw us out, thanks guys and you're welcome
I really don't think that territorial claims and claims of historical and national emblems is stupid (Fyrom and Greece).
How about America
Millions of christians killed by muslim forces and it is rarely brought up, also 99% of Turks believe it was justified which is the worst part, imagine if Germans felt the holocaust was justified today.
You think Juppé has more chances than Sarko?
They havent been for decades, why end the talks though?
if it's wrong it should be forbidden!
Most of Thessaloniki citizens like complaining about how all the infrastracture goes to Athens and they are neglected blah blah
Peristéri - Pigeon
There are probably better Balkan examples anyway.
Most people can figure out your wage if you just tell them your job, your experience and your family status
It's pretty bizzare but really cute at the same time to be honest hahaha
I am talking about Voula,Glyfada, New Smyrni, Vouliagmeni etc etc
It's the only thing our city is good at don't take it away from us
According to wiki Argos seems to have been inhabited continuously for the past 7000 years which would make it probably older than the Minoan civilization
Sorry, but you are all Hollanders for us
I'm not a big fan of alcohol beverages
LiTeRaLlY JuNtA
Amazing news
It's not about the food, it's about the experience.
By that time Mars would be blue too
The Dutch treated ethnic Germans similarly.
It is only a problem in semi-rural/urban areas where people go to abandon their pets and whole beards form that the locals can't take off
Of course we’re first
But there's more evidence, for example some authors have described how things were pronounced, and we even know some anc
And no expiry date
* Black & Decker for power tools, more specifically electric drills
I'm the one who made the most recent significant redesign for the diagram of this thread (see history at ), so if the Mediterannean council is a real organisation, I'll keep this in mind for whenever I next have time to update it...
The only real easter :p
Except us
Greek government is currently trying to negotiate a deal where it implements the remaining structural reforms in return for a plan for debt relief.
Olive oil pump
I remember Tsipras saying "we voted to end austerity, the EU must help" and the response was unsurpringly the same as now "nope, sorry". It really shocks me that British politicians are so out of touch (unless they're faking)
It only happened once
Which part of the World is like that because of European colonisation
Saturn = Κρόνος (Kronos, named after the Titan)
Also comes in the form of "forced" eating and excessive food prep
Great improvement for the environment and the quality of life ...
As a Greek these does make me happy, so many negative news the last couple of months/years
But I should note that in Greece there people with different skin tones, hair types, hair tones and shades etc
I am guessing it is the same in Cyprus
And if they roam outside the protected zones can they just be hunted
And don't think about the typical yellow school bus it was a regular bus that had a few problems
&#x200B;
I love its artichoke dishes, its cold cuts (louza is to die for), the local cheeses and the fried tomato balls
He plays the cretan cousin of *kemençe*, which might be interesting for you
5) We eat a lot
Greece is, in fact, younger than the United States
There is no length limit that I have encountered
There wasn't communist rule in Greece
Note: these are ancient Greek and modern Greek meanings of the word
We would have an epic final together
It was the CHP that was in charge of the Cyprus invasion anyway.
/r/urbanhell
I am from Greece and I definitely can say that we have a lot of similar gestures
Karamanlis won the elections (of course) and proceeded to transition the country to a real democracy, he managed to do that, it was a success story
Well tbf even Tsipras speeks better English than Trump lmao
also that region has been called that for a long time, nothing new there
Then for the medieval times, in the early 1000s there had been a huge boost of the Eastern Roman empire under Basil the second
86% are orthodox christians, 50% attend religious services at least monthly, 95% believe in God
Anyway, I agree that your answer is indeed better
But 15°C indoors is pretty cold imo
The 3x generation here grew up with these guys and Lucky Luke
German:
People do not starve because food is wasted, they starve because food cannot get there
**Germany (Stuttgart)** : the city gives vibes of a big village
How could i have missed that one..
Something like a visa deal takes time, maybe in 1-2 years it will happen if Erdogan calms down a bit, stop acting like North Korea for a few months and let's go from there.
ever since quantum it's been better than chrome tbh
Shoes with high heels aren't allowed at historic sites in Greece
Allright guys, the expert is here, this is pretty common here
I am completely fascinated by norilsk, it is one of the most interesting cities i've ever read about
Yup, that's the point
I kinda hate it tbh, but I can't change it
Cuando estaba en Brasil podía entender mucho del portugues escrito, pero no entendía ni papa de las conversaciones
Antifa and Anarchists love to destroy property in the district of Exárchia in Athens
First of all, you can't breathe if you come from a rural area due to the pollution
" To which the students said French was more comfortable to them but they were happy with English
Street level is called ΙΣΟΓΕΙΟ (ground floor, literally equal to earth)
The first time any type of "Greece" existed was when we declared independence from the Turks
Denying the fact that these events occurred or trying to justify them will result in a ban
But they never even *explain* the proper structure of an assignment
Well, it might be different overall, but in the area of Athens where I live, it's maybe like 40% English alphabet and 60% Greek
I am nor sure if his nationality matters, there is a Belgian guy in youtube who speaks very good Greek a, I think that someone  who studies a language can become fluent in that language . BTW I am not saying this about this specific person but in general
Thanks komsu <3
I am Greek and I live in Greece and that picture was a massive stereotype
"Ερωτας" means love between lovers and it can only use this way, "Αγαπη" means love in a more abstract way and generally means a more personal and deep affection than passion or lust, so except couples, it can be used in family and friends, albeit very rarely in the latter.
(Also to this day the Greek name for Marseilles is massalia)
In Greece we are proud of our ancestors standing up to invaders, whoever these were
* is because you need to be lucky to have access to vdsl and ftth and even when you have ftth the 3 big telecom companies won't give you the same upload/download on Fucking fiber to the home
It isn't really a problem though, there is an extendable showerhead right beside the toilet in every bathroom
"I write people in my papars" -> definitely still 100% greek
exist for the People and the Nation; they shall
Lmao you're right he was asking for *photographs* I just couldn't think of anything else that every Greek would know
It's basically up to whoever is doing the course to pick a platform
Not at all
It has been the case for a while already
also -atos it Kephalonian
[Donald Tusk‏ on Twitter, 2hrs ago
Unironically speaking, would water masks protect you from pepper spray, given that they cover both your eyes and nose completely
If it makes you feel any better we also find our buses to be insufferable
There is no brotherhood, don't believe the nationalistic bullshit people pull out of their ass
Was there, got tear gassed
Honestly Greece has no better rival than Greece itself
He was not a part of the Turkish community [in Holland], he was a recluse
(The fact that a lot of them are German does not escape the worldtheory of the average citizen, though I do think its a coincidence, after all, international companies are loyal to no ethnicity)
I usually cheer for the underdog or Cyprus if they are in the tournament
Supposedly, it'll start making stations available in '22 or '23
Then the violence stopped, the Junta in Greece fell and there was a ceasefire
But often it's only for some key courses and you're meant to find a paid tutor for the rest
I may not agree with the parent in all points, but tell me, what is a Union of any kind if there is no underlying common culture at all?
I always love seeing Cyprus in there it's like a contrast to the whole middle east haha
Once again the so called "anti-fascist" are trying to play victims
There are more Greeks than you imagine who consider that big glass with frappe (the coffee you are referring to)  as the worst kind of coffee (personally, I like it)
Ζήλια comes from ancient greek Ζήλος which means Zeal
I searched it, but no luck
From more modern times, some warlords of the Greek Revolution like Kolokotronis, Karaiskakis
* NEWS247  [
It's not quite the same thing imo.
Correct
That's really interesting
Well I might be rembering it wrongly
We start with prayer at 8 15, then go into the classroom
I absolutely adore Portugal and Croatia
The secret Mitsotakis doesn't want you to know
We never had a Renaissance
They won't leave Cyprus anytime soon, but Cypru's occupation is the biggest reason that Turkey doesn't deserve to be and will not be in the EU, this is something we agree on.
It would be nice to go through Switzerland by train and see the scenery.
If yes, your compatriots might send you to Germany or to eastern Europe
Thank you , muych love to Germany as well
>Highly suspect
Is that before or after a trip to Austria, Czechia and Poland
How would I defend myself and dear Marika??
The heads of our civil protection agency and our taskforce against covid-19 were close to breakdown (almost cried on camera) today trying to convince the idiots who don't respect the quarantine to do so
At least we didn't put people in ovens
*these were math symbols right?**
What are the political disagreements with your follow countrymen
Italian
The name is great; the coal pollution not so much
They even use the political views of some civilians as an excuse for beating them up(police brutality)
*"Not all muslims are terrorists, but most terrorists are muslims"*
Also this belongs in /r/Greece imo
Luxemburg might be a bit out of the way, the usual line is Paris Brussels Amsterdam.
Also I think that there is a place(or places)  that have have variety of European cuisines
Cyprus
I actually had Orval twice, though the second time shouldn't count because there were deposits floating in the unopened bottle.
laughs in Greek
Banking or not, it is financial related
and other ones that I can't remember
Maybe you like British food because they're in the same family
But wasn't that part of the bail-out deal?
There are many arguments for and against monarchy, that is not a good one
>No one would say Athens is only 664,00 people or that Thessaloniki is 354,000
Wait till I tell you that I can't fucking stand the smell of feta either
Except if you are talking about living or moving octopus which is also considered disgusting here
I don't know I guess I liked how in TV shows everyone decorated theirs and it just looked like a cool thing to have
So the prof literally said "Bon" (which I think is good in French
I'd like to thank Bulgaria for letting bygones be bygones and moving on
Germany has a cash obsession
If you are interested in a word's pronunciation, you can look it up with its original spelling in forvo
I'm from Greece and I had never heard of it before
Athens
Not sure if they are exclusive of Greece, candidates would be:
The sound of "I" (as in "dig") can be written with 5 different ways for example
The waiters get paid dirt cheap to begging with you might as well tip them a Euro
Fight me
Turkey : How can a Muslim nation produce so many alcoholics
Best part is when they're also filled with garbage
To top it, it's one of the most recognizable European buildings, on a world level
A lot of people, even if they have no pets, leave out cat/dog food in a bowl and also water in another bowl
Single
There were people in the US who thought since my cousin had black hair, he must be Muslim
If a local steals a loaf of bread he pays a fine, a legal immigrant gets deported?
The former prime minister accused hardline leave campaigners of ‘shouting down anyone with an opposing view’
The eurozone system is flawd by definition
Where I come from, from Macedonia, I first and foremost feel Macedonian and then Greek
&#x200B;
Even Syriza and Tsipras are against it, after the shitstorm they caused last year.
lol in Greece everyone gets fatter in the army cause they order delivery food every day
So I guess at least some people abroad would like magiritsa too
So it's illegal to ask for independence,yet you support Kosovos independence, hypocritical.
The situation is quite similar in Greece too
A population exchange was agreed and there were a shit ton of people that had to leave their home
Not sure why the school worked like that but it was cool lol
Now, Czechs on the other hand....
Now all tobacco products are 21 in the US
- In religion class the students are supposed to learn about the different religions but in reality they learn only about christianism
I am not aware of something like that
It's ok
Actually the law says that women can't rape not that the man can't be raped
so then why don't they change it in general, it's normal for languages and alphabets to evolve,though it has stopped these days because of how well documented everything is but if everything was in handwriting i'm sure α would be normal and a would become history
I guess you weren't born when those events took place
Pastichio at least once a month but if it's eggplant season, mousaka takes it place
Which traditional dish of another country's cuisine proved to be a pleasant surprise when you tasted it
Yes and No
Compared to other places they aren't
For the one you mentioned we usually say :
Shut up you egg
Heh red is gay
The stone column on which it was built had been shaped by millennia of natural erosion into the perfect pedestal for a coastal beacon.
Ahh the things we do for potato.
A greek who doesn't like feta cheese
Unusual answer but the Persian wars (500BC) was the first time the Hellenic people fought together against a common threat
Year 4: History - Ancient Greece (Geometric Period, Archaic Period, Classical Period, Hellenistic Period)
( by popular I mean that the store is full of customers when I visit it, I usually visit it on Friday and Saturday)
[Relevant]
i think you 're talking about a different thing - how a culture assimilates artifacts from other cultures.
Employment - Hours worked - OECD Data
centipede (σαρανταποδαρούσα) = forty-feeted
On Easter on Resurrection Sunday
More like minister of no communication
We don't throw toiler paper in the toilet, instead we have a basket next to it with a plastic bag attached inside it and we throw it there
Eventually the police came and beat him up even more while he was on the ground
Anything bellow 20 is Chilly
At least they got the continent right
In fact the reason it's not the top answer is because it's so good at doing exactly what the question says
Also , in my school it was done better, because my teacher was open-minded , so she didn't force religion on anybody, she did have debates with kids etc
Don't mind coming back home to one, I'm quite a night owl
* Carbon - Anthrakas
that response tells everything tbh
I haven't noticed Belarus
Holland: Always unless you are writing an official document.
But of course the driver didn't open the back door for that guy and then I'm pretty sure I heard some cursing from him
But, I'd say after reading almost all of the comments I have more ideas as to how we contributed to the EU International Community and Europe
So the government decided to pass a law that frees all those guys, because having corrupt people in jail is not how things are traditionally done in the Balkans.
They're their European equivalent as far as flag displays go
Swedish parents be like:
Technically the legal age is 17 but everyone says fuck that and starts drinking at 14
Yo thanks for this, I was going to make the same remarks from the other side
In promoting women in [STEM] in [this] in [this] in [this] etc.
I was  young when we learnt about it in school, so I might need to re-educate myself on that matter
Personally I can't be 100% sure just by their appearance
Νύχτα (Nychta) from ancient Greek Νυξ (Nyx) = Night, and also the ancient goddess of the darkness, daughter of Chaos and sister of Erebus
Don't worry, we soon will pay some kind of price for involuntarily messing with Turkey
I am not saying that Christianity hasn't got any wrong doings, because there are plenty, but I don't believe this is one of them.
He has made America irrelevant
We are so different but we are still the same
Sounds like an active and good President and from an outsiders point of view, a person putting the good of the country before the ruling party.
I think for most people who live in tourist areas, yes, the best part was not having to verbally communicate as much because we both literally couldn't. Good for some, frustrating for some
I am not trying to argue with you, I am just curious
Σελ. 325, 326
Maybe not with a deep meaning, but I love the way they sound
>*Passes out on a couch with Sweden
It's the only thing our city is good at don't take it away from us
Imo they tend to be slow to incorporate bad news for the militants and overly fast to incorporate good news for them.
Thanks it's just that I noticed a few mistakes in my comments, but if you say it's fine then it is have a good one
Shall we take a moment and appreciate the 2 wonderful flags that OP (I presume
Edit: Formating
You never forget where you come from, unless you despise that place, in which case you are actively trying to forget.
A later government in 1990 (of the party Karamanlis had started) freed Pattakos (one of them the Juntists), who lived until 2016, spreading misinformation about the regime of 1967-1974
A brief explanation is that the Simitis government cooked the books with currency swaps changing the real debt so Eurostat was brought in by the EU to take over and they are still there today
It's a sister nation to Greece so I love them no matter what they do.
The problem with us Greeks is that the Macedonians often use propaganda (maps where you can clearly see Greek territory being part of Macedonia, and shit like this) in their schools, they miss create their history as they like.
I dated a person from Finland for two years
Such as:  Ioannis Rallis
Of course you shouldn't give a fuck bro.
If we were to get really pedantic, there is a word with ancient origin but used in modern ([ατθίς] that was that combination of consonants
Danish, because I'm in love with it and the pronunciation is unforgiving
They were the people who  had been in the torture chambers during occupation, pulling out the  fingernails and applying thumbscrews
If Greece is to take so much land, Turks will unfortunately be the majority.
Ok, I think that full fat milk or sweet milk is generally better
So covid-19 just suits you fine
Ζήτω τό ἔθνος ἡμῶν εἰς τούς αἰώνας τῶν αἰώνων!
Is it only two years now
Poor economic management
Turks are having a referendum on making Erdogan a Sultan.
laughs in Greek
A surprise to be sure but a welcome one
Sad
How about we give an islet in the ~~Ionian~~ Aegean and they^^gib ^^East ^^Thrake
I fucking love Danish, it definitely does sound smooth and melodic to me as well
left terrorism and fascists made it the same color as them, that of piss..
The high school i went to had lockers for books for every student
It's not like Germany owes money to NATO.
In Greece we always just slurp them/pick them out their shell
How is Central Macedonia less developed and western Macedonia a transition region
But I guess it all has to do with each person's preferences
Ye, I would also have to disagree
Efficient and really typical in everything
If I'm gonna be silenced and oppressed, at least it's probably with a working economy with enough toilet paper.
I would never remove it
I was thinking maybe Tbilisi = Τιφλίδα = Tiflitha
He is a hero in Turkey and a villain in Greece
the man who sold Macedonia
Thx for the wish do u have any tips for Poland BTW
In the North, like Thessaloniki, you better prepare for a long and cold winter every year
Does not work like that
I really have no idea what OP is talking about nor what the people that voted this thread are thinking...
It's really weird
Why Germany gives money to Serbia for support for rapprochement with the EU
Ολλανδία (Ollandia, which is Netherlands)
People who have money prefer private clinics.
I won't even mention some new statues...
Southern European countries are in a league of their own
So while French was the language of the aristocrats, "French"(with the quotes) refers to the complete opposite, ie cursing like a dock worker, a truck driver or whatever other professions have cursing at the ready
I don't like when people insult Italy
Keeping gangs stoned so that they'll only fight over Cheetos.
You will be safe - at least until Erdogan sends armed space kebab in orbit.
They're cool
As far as sea accidents go, there was the [Falkonera Shipwreck] in the 60's. From a total of 200 passengers and crew only 50 survived (some accounts mention the fatalities as high as 270, due to no passengers list back then and the ability, to issue tickets on board),. A lorry was parked towards the ship's door, without any safety measures
Not loud and extroverted, though
They sound similar
*their wives*
What, you mean you don't remember that time when an atheist terrorist suicide-bombed the headquarters of the agnostic extremists?
A few choices are lamb ribs and some cuts of pork.
Which is the fuse of worm-ant-hole and guess what it means
We actually mock Germans on how little they eat and for that, not many restaurant owners like them
I was speaking with some Turks who said that in school they're taught that Greeks loved living under the Ottoman Empire and only rebelled because they were brainwashed by the western powers which is, certainly, a take I had not heard before
If there is something that sets us apart it´s the alphabet
Unfortunately we are too far down this madness to be able to tell the genuine refugees apart.
I was taught they symbolized the first 12 countries to join
Westside when we ride come equipped with game
In Greece, again there are two terms for love that can be used differently.
*Cries in balkans
The Alarm Clock
There's nothing particularly gross about it at all, but if eating internal organs is gross to you, then I guess it would be gross
Your people and region suffered much from those cunts.
No, I'm not a communist, it's just awesome
If this was a rally for a democratic leader who was sane there would not be this type of reaction.
Apparently you've never met me
NATO literally is "countries that are under US influence and the US needs for its operations".
I, being myself a Greek, I can tell you with confidence that we are very proud of our history, yet ignorant for the most part of it
Extraditing people to possible torture and/or death is against international law.
I pay 10 times that for 10 times less good internet
If you are into city breaks, it's very worth your while.
I love the culture and it is a very beautiful country in general
That could be enough of a pain in the arse for games to remove gambling mechanics and heavily monetize other aspects
Norway has an extremely crazy railroad
They where pussys and sent they'r pawn first how about if they come first
Explain to me why is this dark
I like milk more than beer or wine
I guess the definition for the word positive is different for every person
>every
Your social situation, and it's not only tied to your financial situation but also to what this AI or whoever would keep track of the credit deems socially acceptable
Don't forget the friendly game between AEK athens "against" Partizan to send a message to the world when the bombings from NATO took place in your country when everyone else was afraid to even talk about it and even more to go to your country
Countries won't.
There are "sources" as they are called, small extra patches of history for a number of topics and the book does have much history for all that I mentioned but we mostly skip or just mention many of the above
Everything is overpriced there and almost no Greeks visit that place anymore because of that and tourist overpopulation
I wish it was too private . I know everything about my sisters' in law births and I really wish I didn't but that's because they are my sisters' in law
Métsovo
Another fun story is the one of Zack Kostopoulos
He named it after his teacher who had died at the time
And in Greek:
Just following Kremlin's orders
That sounds like you had an amazing childhood
As Theodoros Koloktronis said "We fight firstly for our God and then for our land" which is why the Cross has been on every Greek flag since that time
1930: The City of Constantinople Renamed to “Istanbul”
EU should get some spine and enforce strict measures for breaches of democracy and oppressing personal freedoms
I believe it for Poland, but Austria
Turkey (and I mean Turkey, not Erdogan) is extremely direspectful towards international treaties and laws
Failure means automatic & complete exit.
NM: We're mad because of you name
If it weren't for Macedonia, wither the UK or Germany would have their flag on Greece
[President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho Varoufakis]
We really didn't overdo it with classic architecture, most buildings of that era are pretty simple.
>of your own anarcho-fascists sympathizers
They don't really like Germany at all here
I am from Greece and I definitely can say that we have a lot of similar gestures
In Greece, we have a stereotype for people from Thessaloniki and it's that they like staying in cafeterias for a long time, drinking [frappe] playing [tavli] and every now and then they say the word ''Halara'' (which we usually spell it like ''hallllara'' making fun of their heavy ''L'' pronunciation) which means ''Chill''.
Black olives need to be a certain way to taste nice for me
Then ND is elected and they with Eurostat used the bailout funds to buy military equipment from France and Germany
Μαλακά (malaká) = Softly
And I've seen a fuckton of skeevy behaviour from local politicians in my lifetime.
>I denied that every time
The popular series "Friends" is translated as Φιλαράκια or "The buddies" in Greek instead of just "friends".
Ancient Greece : Water Mill
Maybe not with a deep meaning, but I love the way they sound
Actually now that you mentioned I have heard that story too
Spanish : no quiero provocarte
But this was in '77 in Athens, it was because Athens back then especially was a big cement block of a city with horrible transportation system, tons of cars that burned leaded fuel , smog and no trees what so ever
[1]
But as long as you are against fascism and any form of oppression I won't mind
I think that there different types of cultures like national/social cultureand political culture and I would say that my country is politcally more Eruopean ( also we are in mainland Europe) I am not sure about Cyprus though
Yes but only the strains that do not smell bad like the vaping ones
This is the "liberal" and "pro-European" Kemalist CHP.
For other cities, someone else might know better
No good financial score might make a bank not give you a loan but no good social score might not allow you to visit a museum
Yes, that's it
17:00 in Greece and even THAT feels depressing
Also it would be nice to set better infrastructure and education standards since EU is funding countries for that purpose
Everyone else: great lads
How can I unread a comment
Yes, by a couple of monks that adapted it to the needs of the Slavs
Farmer's market means that you will need those 100 euros again next month
I know that what is true
Yeah
The problem with pitogyro is that some people put chicken or other kinds of meat instead of gyro , but this word describe only the pita that it is wrapped with gyro, but  the word souvlaki as used in the Southern Greece is more generic and covers all cases
well in Artemida it's kinda creepy because the road lighting isn't the best and they don't cover everything every part of town but it's pretty safe
Good, they want the right to use the Euro.
*Slaps roof of Germany*
In Greece when people want to say that something is of bad quality or that it's a cheap knock off, they might use the phrase "[something] from Lidl". Make of that what you will
Ok πεοστύφτη
I wasn't expecting to get so worried by this thread
In Greece we call it "Αγία ρωμαϊκή αυτοκρατορία". (Agía Romaïkí Aftokratoría) which literally translates to Holy Roman Empire
First we give them the siima, then we pull the matto alta
He introduced equivalents to the Nazi salute and the Hitler youth
r/2balkan4you in real
Love it
If something is sought after so much (eg Medicine) it will be hard getting in
I'm no epidemiologist but hasn't the second wave already hit us in the face with a hammer with thorns
I don't hate Americans, but I do hate this  kind of culture
Well maybe if Remain is so important then said voters shouldn't vote for parties that run on Brexit
Even if the guy was Pontian (which is something you assumed), erm, he's Greek.
I agree that greece was in a bad place but now it is sinking even deeper in debt
I understand you dude
Gyros ap' ola, ie
I know that's funded by EU , but I don't remember if there is a sign there
Well Turkey violates our airspace and open refugees to our border so yeah
This should be said more often.
I guess magiritsa (μαγειρίτσα) a soup made with lamb offal and -at least in my area- lettuce inside
This, along with some pretty bad personal stuff that I have associated with the city, make me want to escape from here
they cand find the way back or you prohibit them by law to come back
Oh man I get it, imagine if the whole of Greece was just called Attika and the people Atticians or something, that would pretty much trigger a civil war, to be honest
Granted, I couldn't tell you what's the difference between the two, but there you go.
If you don't plan things correctly it's easy to have such a trip anywhere
And to make it worse in the Greek article linked below it says that for 8 days the temperature didn't drop below 30° even during nighttime
There's no reason to deny any non-Serb descent of Tesla whatsoever.
About 16,5%.
plate smashing
-eas, like Rouseas, from the Mani peninsula in South Peloponnese
Once they chill they're fine
OP I'm sorry for your experience
Well most are trying but it is difficult with the salaries here
There are again tons of books written on the subject (like this: And also, elections are just one pillar of a good democracy
I have family there and it is nice
Yeah
I think they just want to make porn sexy again.
I am just looking for some self reflection on our ( pro-EU ) part.
That said, I spent a lot of time in North Macedonia and speaking to ordinary people, many were embarrassed by the antiquisation program of Gruevski, and others took more nuanced views on the Balkan Wars, so I'm not blaming an entire people for their former dictator's vanity projects
We say "were you born on a boat
The Arch and the Palace of Galerious, and from there to the sea in the White Tower
13 δεκατρία (dekatria)
You and 15 more people who upvoted you seriously think Tsipras is a communist.
this is over
Time to introduce a Muhammed caricature drawing contest on r/europe
Yeah, the average was 28
Test Pap ( or Pap test)
Apparently you've never met me
Unusual
I hate this "Europe is a post racial world" attitude some users in this sub seem to have
I think most people prefer euro over drachma
If a server sees your plate half full or more, they will probably ask you if you want to take the rest home
Does he atleast drift or do wheelies with that bike
Konya= Ikonio
Your anti-muslim sentiment can't be explained really, Serbs started killing innocents in Bosnia, Serbs and their Greater Serbia dreams are the reason that mujahideen arrived in Bosnia.
I think lately we share a much more common view on these events
Its a quote from an old movie about crete in ww2
That is not to say that the inability of the EU to punish turkey hadn’t hurt its reputation but nothing that serious
The IRA are murdering scum and deserve to rot in jail, if not be hanged by the neck until time of death, just like any other terrorist.
Pretty sure re establishing the death penalty is one of Greek solution's commandments as well lol
In the building that I live people who pay rent,  pay around 600 € per month for an apartment , but I guess that's still cheap in comparison with other European cities
About pizza, check for plakuntos
- μυρίζω/τρώω χώμα (to smell/eat dirt)
In all my life I've never encountered a mountain road that didn't lead to a village
I wish the best luck to the UK and hope for a sound decision taken by the electorate on the next big election.
Bye bye Santorini
Originally there were only capital letter in Greek.
And the community *shouldn't* enforce their behavior to an individual as long as the individual is not harming anyone.
Armenians and Greeks wanted back their lands ?
I agree with you
Also zythos (ζύθος) in Greek
So we are not even in Europe now?
I for one,would prefer a 'superpower' that at least shares some of my European values than a communist dictatorship with Orwellian policies
Anyway this conversation is mute.
and so on
So basically, what I mean is that small non intrusive logos are very normal, but it sometimes can seem weird if you wear a shirt with huge branding with some small exception
Thank you mate, I wish the best for you as well
Well not many early Roman ones but the Other day I went to a monastery built sometimes between 1000 and 1200 in Eastern Rome (aka Byzantium)
Age is the bottleneck in 9/10 cases
I think Afroxylánthi doesnt exist it was made up as a really ugly and weird name
My country is already religious but yeah this happens even with the irreligious ones
Celebrations like these are meant for the people to enjoy, not for charles and putin and whoever the government invited
Omg
Even geopolitically, as that seems to be a concern of yours, a federalization will be truly beneficial for Europe, which is mainly competing with Russia, China, and the US on the global stage
They proved Russians shot down MH17 by finding some dots on a map and claiming these was BUKs
I'd say people from the Balkans would get along as we share so many common cultural things
There is a cross-party political Omerta in Greece.
Personally I have American friends and they are white, so I think Americans as White , but also as Black and occasionally as Asians ( just for the fact that there are less Asian Americans)
Just your name and surname
The common accent from Athens is just considered normal
But then I went to France
You can have him for free
Feel free to downvote me all you want.
"I'm eating kids"
I wouldn't say anti German people since there's a German village 10 minutes away from my village and we get along pretty well, but I would definitely say anti German government due to the fact that all 3 economic adjustment programs were made by Germans and Merkel imposed them, so as you can imagine, almost no one likes Merkel, especially when she supported Erdoğan
The sanctions on Belarus will be imposed, whether it is today or in two weeks time, that won't really make a difference
Omg, montenegro and albania are really low though...
No they shouldn't, are you serious
Since when are grey areas in international accepted borders
Same thing happened in Greece though they didn't banned Uber but the option where non taxi drivers can sign up use their car and take rides
Yes you're right, but do we know how the inhabitants of modern day FYROM were called?
What I'm saying is that Milan has always been considered an Italian city, whereas Bolzano has only been considered Italian since 1918 and still feels distinctly un-Italian
Κολοκύθια τούμπανο (kolokithia toumpano)
How does the idea of eating octopuses sound to you
I don't think Greeks have problem with the name "Istanbul", it's also Greek after all.
Criteria
Sign me the fuck up
It's in the same place as Gandrange and the other similar names.
What about  Sweeden
Oh for sure, I wasn't trying to imply they did it on purpose
An anus
Keep in mind though that the constitution prohibits the office of the President of the Republic to a natural born citizen
I don't know where you're from in Greece but I'm from the Ionian coast, we see more Italians then Greeks here
That we were a country in ancient times
But the history books I had during school years mention nothing about the times Greeks did bad things to other people and I know for a fact that they did those things
The reason my comment was removed is because I posted a link that was under constant review (?).
The Democratic or Republican platform is not set in stone.
I legit thought σκονακι means little dust
Single
It isn't a matter of race or whatever.
The empire got doubled, retook the Balkans and it was perfect for everyone living in, except if you were rich
It's a Greek brand called ΑΛΦΑ, which is owned by the same company that makes Heineken and Amstel in Greece.
Girls from north Greece love it
I hope that she wasn't a history teacher
Help
The raising of the cows by the member farms of THES gala Cooperative is done with tender loving care, utilization of modern equipment and efficient management systems
Also the bus system in Thessaloniki (my fellow Greeks you know the pain of ΟΑΣΘ)
yup the road isn't a death pit
It's very interesting that Montenegro is not a Russian/Serbian puppet state.
And they're way more beautiful than the barren, overpriced, overrated islands
EU is like the queen of mixed messages
Should be close to what you have back home.
This is stupider than stupid....
To be honest the winters here are short and not very cold
Huntington's theory regarding the clash of civilizations was wrong.
After going out I couldn't find my friends, I tried calling but no signal
wish for the road to be long"
Many people in Greece love to eat it, especially at Easter
But that name did not stick for a while
the same spoon
Greece: I should carry a jacket with me it's starting to get cold
When I was in the US twenty or so years ago, some college students were shocked to see a Greek magazine
At least we didn't put people in ovens
It doesn't bother him anymore and he now sees how different life here is, he even has managed to relax in general
It's most probably what you said, Cypriots are exposed to Greek media whereas all that Greeks have from Cyprus is a well known youtuber who just speaks standard Greek with an accent lol
How do people eat this shit
But she  would refuse to leave her only house so she stayed behind
The cafe was on the sea front
• "Giorgos' house" would be "Το σπίτι **του Γιώργου**" (Genitive)
Some things are just irreplacable
We imposed capital controls to avoid a full collapse and put the blame on the rest of the EU.
they say it sounds like Spanish and that it is very hard
Danzig or War
The real one isn't that vulgar though it still contains cursing
For the US, the point of repealing NN was to allow big ISPs like Comcast to make their services super-fast and extort any competitors
But the you are running chances all that friendly flora and fauna spilling out...
Learning ancient Greek is mandatory, you have little to no freedoms, no phones allowed (although many teachers don't enforce that rule, the fact that English is not taught properly but it is still mandatory for pretty much your entire school life and that religious education is a thing for 2 hours every week
I haven't really researched the matter but the gust of it is
" and he responds "and you're 80,but you still fuck, don't you
I believe most of us, know it only because of Tom Cruise.
3 to 10 is cold
Then the parents of the groom asked if they were French saying it "should" be ok...
The only thing that puzzles me is the future of Europeans who do such jobs ( coal related etc) , but I guess this issue will be solved until 2050
We have it lol, but it's not related to "h".
For some reason my dad still manages to mix up Sweden and Switzerland even though they sound completely different in Greek (Σουηδία & Ελβετία)
I am surpised Zakynthos us not one of your best places.
In a sense I can understand this sentiment since there was a British empire until at least WW2.
That's the best movie
U did great job man
>I hope with the other greek guy in the other comment you didn’t say i was annoying because i pointed out i’m not a guy (i don’t speak greek)
No wonder why they haven't shown us this in school
* Proto Thema  [
It soothes my whole being, it sounds so warm and sweet, and the peculiar features of it (blødt D og stød) only make it even better
Is it possible that you have lived there for so long that you forget how warm summer in Greece gets
The fact is there are NATO countries which simply don't contribute enough and that is a fact.
Black and white is the most common terms you will hear here.
Plus they're many and angry :P
Η Σελήνη (the moon, female)
Earlier than that I get lost easily, like Attic Greek I can't understand, I can read and pick words and grammar but not general meaning easily at all
In general though, ζήλια can be both negative and positive while φθόνος is always negative, but passively negative
I also have respect for Australians because you managed to build a great country even though they initially sent convicted criminals to your land, you did a great job and you managed to make it a very nice country to live
Nobel economics prize winner: ‘The euro was a mistake’
There is a general dislike because of WWII mainly, but there are other factors that contribute as well
government
I don't think the Victoria square explosion was a bomb - but yes, people have died from terrorist attacks in the last years
In highschool, the day starts at 8:15
I think younger generations can actually cook better than their parents
Source: live in America
[Chevalie] is a new Greek movie that has won a bunch of awards and on a lot of major websites Top 20 list for 2016.
So they are very direct
(11-14-17 yo)
Three things that emerged out of the big state.
It's not uncommon to use fingers as a measure of length, usually in the hairdressers
Apparently anything pro-American is not viewed as good here.
And a couple of days after the ruling, the film Amistad was on the tv here.
For me I would also say Balkans geographically and not at a very big extent culturally, but still I see us have some similarities to the stereotypical Balkan culture
Empires collapse, get over it like everyone else did...
- Scottish shower: something good followed by something bad and vice versa
Another bureaucratic instrument for some, otherwise worthless people, to enjoy elected paid vacation
Whatever the truth is, it's your job as a politician to not insult people.
Hard to translate, but sort of Greek guard of Germans
Great job, this is great, but RIP our islanders tho :(
Was it because your history teacher didn't teach you enough of it or because you didn't study enough of it
I am also thankful that you supported us ( the Allies) against the Axis during WW2 .
Also I would say Michaloliakos who's the leader of the Golden Dawn a.k.a the Nazi party
Our news mentioned that he said something about his "golden leg" too so
There's no point trying to find actual discussion in there.
Same situation with the Greek Civil War
So take my upvote
During the first years of his dictatorship, people couldn't go out after 9:00 PM, because soldiers had orders to shoot in sight
I personally have many Albanian friends, some were my buddies from day one
a clear audience voting result
My mental note for this:
Still, I can't understand what's the point you're trying to make.
Everyone else: great lads
Especially the language lessons.
Agree
I don't think I remember even a single year where it hasn't snowed in the North
o mai god
All fascist rallies in 3 steps:
Thoughtcrime thankfully does not exist.
Greece finished in the last place at 2008 Euro Championship
"Οι δαίμωνες της Επαυλης Μπλάι" or "The demons of Bly Manor".
A map of europe but words
I have exactly the same questions such as you.
portugal and greece are the same country
No, that's just weird
I used to live in the UK for some time and I love British English more than American English
Who knows how many calories, but they do add nice healthy  peppers as a veggie
Movement for change: Used to be known as PASOK
Good but too little I'm afraid.
You'll have a great time
I'm moving to Portugal  CARALHO
-Hi my name is Kevin Im calling from blabla how are you this afternoon
The kids my aunt and uncle took, were from Novi Sad and Nis.
So they understood the oracle, and built their colony in this place instead, which was called Byzantium after Byzas, the name of the Megarean chief
Eventually the police came and beat him up even more while he was on the ground
Good luck getting them deported
Well the HK police hasn't killed anyone in 9 months of protests
Must be a crazy indeed
“It’s not about Renzi, or Grillo.
I'm all for passive aggressive letters
There should be an interesting story why adding a character that is not really needed is considered useful in your part of the world
But I'm basically talking about the modern arts and literature Greece has to offer
in the first few days we could see a bunch of guys walking into the forest and come back after an hour or so with a goofy smile on their faces
Oh please don't even joke about it.
Like God of War and lately Days Gone
I think that was a huge thing here as well
Actually now that you mentioned I have heard that story too
Dutch police arrest a pickpocket in the most Dutch way possible
All I see is krieger from Archer
The murder of Kapodistrias was one of the darkest turns our history took, indeed
In the beginning Serbs were allies to the Ottomans
Having only recently become independent themselves, they were the only ones who could understand our struggle for freedom
He's quite sad, and speaks highly of him
>we’re not going to change our laws for a terrorist
The same happened here in Greece with our stupid referendum.
We are gonna close all the other ones by 2023 (that powerplant is the reason I added the "almost" )
24/7 supermarkets (from England again)
Then the burka should be banned only during public assemblies.
It's a running joke in Greece
We mostly are joking about taking back Konstantinopole (Instabul)
Now that's very un-Greek of you, I'm offended
^^I'll ^^see ^^myself ^^out
I think that you don't need passport to travel to European Union/Schengen, just something that counts as valid ID
No one wanted to associate with the regime so no investments came, except some from the USA, and that's why NATO and the 'bloody' Americans are still kinda, sorta hated by some left-wingers
Thank you Norway
The problem is not that you consider it ugly (find one Greek person who thinks otherwise about the city), the problem is that you found this post-apocalyptic mess of a capital romantic to begin with lol
Well "simp" Seems the most fitting for me
I'm pretty sure most parties use this as their motto at this point
BTW I think that today most kids "believe" to the modern version of santa klaus who brings gifts  and he is overweight, with red clothes, white beard etc
Ζαμπονοτυροπιτα (ham and cheese) and Μπουγάτσα κρέμα (sweet cream) also σπανακοπιτα (spinach pie)
Good riddance
Do they plan to poison him in that summit?
*stares silently at everyone else looking at me*
Could you not find a better picture
I was laughing for a solid few minutes
ο (masculine 'the')
Is it to make it look like all people of that nation are good
Under no circumstances I believe that Greeks we're always the saints and the other the bad guys
It actually originally was a reference to slaves, and later on it became "chimney sweeper" and other things, the idea that he is a chimney sweeper exists in the Netherlands too
Nein nein we took that after WW1 plus East Rumelia belongs to Greece!
Later the Entente had enough of the king, so the French bombed Piraeus and pushed the king's troops out of Athens
We don't talk much about the medieval history unless Byzantium is involved, we dot he schism, crusader and then the discovery of the Americas and the natives
>In an even narrower sense, atheism is specifically the position that there are no deities
It's more likely the whole world will speak Greek, than Greeks to forget their language and speak English
I don't think it counts
The fact that the murder of Shehzad Luqman, which precided that of Fyssas, wasn't widely reported or discussed by the media nor were the pogroms in the center of Athens when instead they interviewed GD party members as "indignant residents of Agios Panteleimonas" who are tired of immigrant crimes in their neighborhoods along with the fact that after 7 years of trial you still think that it was the murder of just one man proves exactly my point on how the media whitewashed neonazis
I've only been to museums and some ancient monuments and stuff with school trips, but mostly outside of Athens
Spoken like someone whose country hasn't been occupied
Cry me a river
Greece was required to build the largest air-force and tank force and 3rd largest navy to protect its land and is also responsible for Balkans and Eastern Med under Nato command.
The turks have been drilling inside their waters for over a year and the EU told Cyprus to kindly shut the fuck up while sending their thoughts and prayers
Well, TIL, though I have in mind a video of Jean-Marie in the 50's giving a speech in the assemblé, which I doubt would've been possible without a party.
Definatly russian because of the many russian tourists
An EU agency however has no place in a country outside the EU.
Behave
Once word gets around, the next thing you know, you will be known as the atheist guy in your local town which could cause harassment.
/r/hailcorporate
Building more nukes as a deterrent won't solve anything.
In Greek its called "σκονάκι" which literally means "dust" from σκόνη and - άκι which is a diminutive
Noone escapes from him, for he is *Der Apfelwerfer*
But I do agree that we love thyme
It's the same order in Greece, 'Πέτρα, ψαλίδι, χαρτί'.
Sucks they both failed to become kings/emperors.
I like all three but I am not multilingual so probably not Switzerland, and Germany has a very foreign culture to us, at least compared to the other two, so probably Austria
10€: fifty large chicken eggs
They couldn’t believe that Greeks can produce a magazine and were especially shocked when they opened it and saw cars being advertised because that meant we also drive cars
Anything below 25-20°C, anything higher it's avg greek weather
wtf
First time I see him
I prefer to drink real milk small farms
Roman Empire
**would end** Turkey EU accession
I had seen a video claiming that Erasmus was created so young people from different countries would hook up and eventually some of them would have kids
"Note" as a recommendation or an order?
My great grandparents immigrated to Chicago which is where my parents are from however they only understand Greek.
Don't you tell me that you are one  of those beer guys
And it's not because everyone speaks English or anything
> yanni
it's much easier to have an 'Italian experience' in Milan than Bolzano
What
I understand the more of it but no the first part ( I think it's a Greek expression, but I can't remember it)
My parents refused to buy me the books (bacause magic=Satan and other BS) but I was determined to read them so I not-very-legally-downloaded them when I was 13 I think
Imagine if Turkey was on the map
We're fine with it
so pretty much everyone in the comments says they write α
Ok true
Polarization is a big thing
Sun=Hélios (male)
Russia says ISIL leader killed in North Caucasus
I've never talked about generations outside of Reddit and other online websites
So the government decided to lift the ban that was essentially benefiting only Greek oligarchs who own refineries in Greece.
The urban legend  says that the mansion is haunted
Greece at the bottom of a chart
Just casually justifying theft
At last, an interesting series.
my dad and Grandpa (grandpa fought in the battle of Crete) use the phrase "Οι Γερμανοί ειναι φίλοι μας ε?" (The Germans are our friends right
I definitely like it al dente
Other than that it's normal summer time
It's okay
Most meds and vaccines are a conspiracy to manipulate people, I've read it on facebook.
You don't wanna be saying that you're eating kids
Most people don't actually like it and those who do know it gives you the worst possible hangover
Heyyyy, a Southern European who agrees with me
Moderate Right wingers hate them cause they played a huge part to the fact Cyprus is this fucked up today and left wingers for obvious reasons
Our new government also meets resistance, which can vary from lukewarm to strong, each time it tries to ease the way the taxes are repaid in order to raise the willingness of the people to pay them
They use a ski-lift to get to the top and hike all the way to the bottom which makes the hike more enjoyable and less tiring and timely-efficient
A lot of people from Kythera live in Piraeus, so it's convenient for them to be part of Attica.
I am a heavy drinker lol
I agree
Add some clouds and spray next to those stroopwafels en bitterballen and we're set
Spot on for Feggari/Selene
I should at least try for 2 out of 3.
Not really a fan of ND, but they did make a step toward freedom of press cause the State TV had become a cesspool during SYRIZA
Idk mate, salvini seems kinda good to me
Wait all this time I heard this song was not in English
τ and θ are in the common Greek alphabet and extensively used, I don't know how "No" from those leads you to (common Greek) Greek
I will celebrate the 1 quarter of my blood that is Romanian then :D
In Greece we have opa and my favourite malaka
We do, yeah (not during COVID though)
Small incident that makes you like a people (in contrast with Germany
That's mostly for Athens (  ) mountainous places have kinda different weather, especially in winter they are colder
Are Roma in reality magical creatures like vampires?
Finnish and Estonians are smart af
The "One coffee please" is mostly a North/Western Europe thing.
WTF
I agree with the Turkish poster to be honest, hero is a big word, maybe he was, maybe he wasnt but that does not mean because he participated in D-Day he was one.
UK will probably want that soon...
I think Home Alone has always been universal
Damn you OP.Why you put a jumpscare in your thumbnail.Cheap trick!!!
The west suburbs and the rest of the center are well known to be a shit hole tho
The two first hours and last hours have no break between each other
Never  knew it could be a name of an album
Only once had I heard that Greece was not being discussed in Turkish politics at the given moment by a greek reporter in Turkey
Oh and the Age If Alexander The Great
What's going on
We've got it pretty bad, our best scenario I guess would be Bulgaria, but you know
Then act surprised when Greece is lower than Sweden, Germany, Ireland, UK, France, Denmark etc
Okto(8)
If you live near the borders or in a small country ,then it is relatively common
Thats a cloning facility from Kamino
Look it up
Alternatively you can speak Danish and you'll get the same reactions
dude we're Greeks, we never confuse government and people, in our experience government represent the rich and only the rich not the people and generally think this applies to all other countries as well(tho the Nordics and possibly the Swiss seem to have their shit together) so from our perspective holding a grudge on Italians for Mussolini's actions would be insane.
Pretty sure nobody's going to invalidate your election.
[Tutorial]
That's definitely not the case.
Shit that's impressive lol
Also moon=Feggári (neutral)
I watch it and i'm like "wtf, how can this pass an an answer
The "American Experiment" as Alexis de Tocqueville put it is the most ambitious political project the world has ever seen.
I identify as Grammar Vichyiste, thank you very much.
Usually that's just an excuse to not have lessons in school
I haven't heard a name like this before
Visit Sardinia too
It's not Russophilia.It's because Greeks don't dislike Russia like many other European countries do.Not that we like them.Just completely indifferent.
And the anarchists are well know to publicly expressed sympathy for 17N terrorists in this country
Which isn't that surprising tbh, since those are exactly the kind of people those institutions attract
Some people might need explanations on why to breathe to survive I guess
Mayday Maydya
Lena Zevgara - Ela ela
I am talking about a political entity that differ from the local culture trying to coexist.
For once I support my eastern neighbour on this.
For example, if a group of people create their own dialect based on the English language, right now there are no rules to determine if this would still be English or a brand new language, and so they could still identify it as whichever of the two
Hahahah not only that but also by feeling he had to explain to the southerners that this was only bluntness, he indirectly suggest we are not used to the truth and are hypocrites!
Young, old, babies, women, everyone
I never felt in no way threatened by our Italian brothers
Erdogan threatened to invade Aleppo last week, hardly normalizing...
It's a stupid meaningless nationalist fight on both sides, and nothing gets the blood flowing like a completely meaningless fight.
Without their vote they are irrelevant.
So, no frog legs for me, yet
[Here] you can see how it's looks .
No idea how to deal with this so I'm just laughing hysterically for the past 2 hours.
Konya = Ικόνιο = Ikonio
They called it the (Eastern) Roman Empire, or Romania, but never "Greece". The only reason why it ever existed was the Romans conquering land
If you see this thread, there are more countries that do this
I couldn't stop laughing at while watching the video with friends, and it still gets me every time
Haha, true
EU girl lives in our hearts
And the last thing the Greek people wanted or needed was  the return of a de-frocked monarchy backed by Nazi collaborators
Can't unsee it
Also in the southern suburbs there are  mountains and there also many beaches . Also it is relatively relaxing and quiet  and there isn't a big density, so I can enjoy my personal space when I wait for bus without being squeezed
FeelsEasternEuropeMan
So I don't know if it can be accurately transplanted into the alphabet
Oh my smartphone is from Korea, my router from China, my car from Germany, my TV from Japan, my clothes from Turkey/Malaysia/Taiwan, my money in Swiss banks, my military equipment from the US, all the big logistics companies in Netherlands
Corfu is Κέρκυρα (Kerkyra) in Greek, it comes from the greek word from summit, Κορφή. (there's a story about why the French and British called it that during their respective occupations of the island)
Misunderstood super villains.
Its just ena (pause) dyo (pause) tria etc maybe that's why our deadline estimates are a bit off :P
Australia sounds like a nice place to live honestly(except the spiders and the sharks and everything that can probably kill you)
No more meetings and explanations after-the-fact.
Ƶ  looks coll tho so I might start using it for capital Ζ (the other one is very different, ζ)
But then she slouched and a long beep was heard and her mouth remained wide open
BTW I like your username
On the other hand, the arriving refugees were proud and hard-working people that not only strengthened our position in Macedonia, but helped create a somewhat better economic environment
An Argentinierstraße in district 4.
A good alternative to the chrome browser is Mozilla Firefox
For example, if you're name is Eleni, you'll throw a party (on May 21st for Eleni) and your friends will all come visit for a little while, then eventually head off to another Eleni's party
I believe I would understand around 70% of cypriot Greek perhaps more if they spoke slowly
Worst thing is that airports force you to dispose of your water bottles before check-in
The religious icon is an old-person thing, again
As mentioned the first 2 minutes from Xena is the best part . I think that someone asked the crew if they know any Greek words and put them randomly in this scene totally out of context .
Nah I don't think we ever see you as rivals, I actually really admire Iran and the Persian culture
Like Siemens and her black funds, for instance
I remember watching an episode on Mega Engineering (show on the Science Channel) on how they built this from the ground-up
Well, malakas *is* a penis word, it literally translates to jack off or wanker ;)
The temperature outside is 15°C so it's probably a bit higher than that inside
The same applies with every brand, like Domino's and Pizza Hut
EDIT: I'm not being mean by the way, I hope it doesn't come out that way
In Greek the letter looks like Χ/χ. There’s no English equivalent but it’s like a throaty h
What an animal
**STORM THE RUSSIAN PARLIAMENT THEY CANT DETAIN ALL OF US**
Do you also cook your pasta so al dente in Finland
I would easily try them
I'll go with EU-issued, cause I often see confused looking faces when I show my "Hellenic Republic" passport
after they were caught photographing a Greek military base
I have sworn to myself I'll never smoke
Especially, ranking greece being below bulgaria sounds odd tbh.
It's probably the souvlaki-kalamaki debate between Thessaloniki and Athens
So boring and ugly now
Μοινοιμα
Agreed
Some Turkish foods and music influences are present in Greece due to the influx of christian Anatolians in Greece over the centuries, not due to Ottoman rule.
And finally we have the 1966 to 1974 military Junta of the 3 officers
Pretty sure everything is based in Athens
Athens is a lot more hectic and busy (My family is from a Greek island)
Here is a more accurate account of what happened
Then the violence stopped, the Junta in Greece fell and there was a ceasefire
For example the word "mixture" in greek is μείγμα (meigma) but you can also write it down as μίγμα (migma)
000
On what criteria
lets not play with words here we arent some kids we dont know squat they are saying this because of the last incident in hungary
I wasnt born at that time, but the PM that we had then pretty much doubled people's income overnight.
According to the ministry, Turkish authorities issued a Navtex on Thursday informing of a military exercise with live ammunition in the area east of Farmakonisi on Friday morning.
Yes and No
All powers derive from the People and
and you bring up what Serbia did in the 90s
Probably not a common phrase, but when me and my dad are sailing in the summer he says "Let's do some Danish sailing" jokingly
Just for your information, the greek military is large and well armed to defend Greece by itself, no need of another country intervening.
6 έξι (eksi)
Or just "my alarm didn't go off"
Have in mind that Russians and Slavs in general were pretty engaged in Europe at the time.
Of course you don't care about the truth that you're avoiding to mention
*U stands for what the heart wants
Nowadays, the current government is very active on this part
They are of Mongoloid ancenstry.
If you want noise and young crowds Myconos or Paros are for you.
So, I have a friend who is kind of right wing, but I wouldn't say homophobic as far as I have seen
Greek Cypriots basically turn sentences into long, melodic-sounding words, so there's some trouble understanding them
Is that considered a city
Police saves fascists
Chrisma does not mean "Son of God", it litterally means "anointment", hence Christos is "the anointed one".
It's this friendly and easy-going attitude that I encountered in Ireland that made me feel like I was at home
holy shit turkey is going full
Older people probably say that they have been there on holidays and they had a great time
Also, I really hope that the protests will lead to a better Russia
Meanwhile republicans will fire up their base by convincing them that Biden is Marxist Devil himself
One could say that Greeks confuse the question "how do you feel about Greece's future" with "how do you feel about Eu's future"
>up to and including ones where if we violate them, the government will kill us
For example some Turks consider Kemal as a hero but Armenians don't.
Claiming that the **vast** majority of Greek people don't blame the way things are handled internally **first** and foremost is to say the least disingenuous
I think we just smudge the numbers to pay less import tax...
I edited the post and now this looks like it's out of context/mean, no need to downvote
Pericles
Meanwhile in Greece: "Yes, Yes, Yes, **NO**"
Just come to Greece and feel free to eat the whole restaurant
Spain and Greece recognize Kosovo passports though
(he was about our age)
Prehistory - 31 BC City States and Kingdoms, subdued by the Romans,
Greeks invented shitposting y'all
I find this more useful to be honest in every day speech
Because
Meteora monasteries are also one of the top destinations in the entire country
If Turkey's population was 10-20 million then it would likely join eventually.
I think that all regural police officers have handguns
Maaaayyyyyyyybeeeeeeee Turkey as well, sure we are both against each other but we also help each other some times
&#x200B;
Lobbying via money goes against the fundamental equality that is inherent to the democratic system, one vote per person
Still not operational
their methodologies were clearly wrong, but i wouldn't attribute that to malice.
3rd: 1453AC \~ until today (Here we give more importance)
When the Greeks realized it, they send their own bullets to the Ottoman enemies so the Parthenon doesn't get destroyed.
My take on this is that the alternative often is something very very simple in contrast to the original boycotting idea
Eastern Europe has to deal with Russia and south east with Turkey and middle east
Moussaka is an amazing dish if made at home or at select places, but the fact that it is the staple of tourist traps is mind boggling for me
Oh there's another one
Im pretty sure you choose 4 subjects to write idk I'm not sure I'm going to be giving those Exams next year
Pita is the Greek word for burek
I want to thank Turkey for sending millions of refugees to Greece crippling our already bad economy even more, and calling us the bad guys when we deny passage to the refugees
Actually, it could maybe be translated as lo or behold, but I'm not sure these words cover its whole meaning
I think Cyprus really earned this one
The eu may have done some good things about social problems but has made a mess of many countries’ economies
A few days ago he smoked in a bar as well, which is also illegal [link]  edit: gr link
You guys do a much better job than us at preserving your past and incorporating it into the present
I can totally relate to that
On top of that Homer mentions that Crete had many languages mingled together so we don't even know for sure if eteocretan, linear A and/or hieroglyphics are the same languages
) Many tourists think it's because of pour government/economic crisis, which is frustrating as it is, when the truth is that we just don't like rats
1936 dictatorship
''This isn't summer it's a fucking disgrace''
Pineapple was made by a Greek in Canada by the way
Everything is easier
Looks awesome, but at the same time, kinda creepy
It's in the Saronic Gulf, 58km south of Piraeus.
Feel free to get one of EU's candidate applications and fill it in
> Pissing & shitting on my Ottoman neighbour's property
Poland during winter
There is a video of Boris Johnson reciting the Iliad
I just found out there is a sub for this
I'm pretty sure most parties use this as their motto at this point
Year 8:  Byzantine and european medieval history
That's unlikely
You somehow imply that they were supposed to be there in the first place like there where no people there already.
At least hardcore Tokyo or NYC style modernist development replaced old 3-story buildings with new 30-story ones, so something was actually gained.
BTW Blin is Russian pancake , right
So now its the time we should be as unified as we could ...
We might as well go to Italy and ask for Sicily back too
The first time we drove/used ferries from Greece to Ireland
But Greece traded that power when joining the eu with stability and support
The ending is actually -opoulos not -poulos so Teslakopoulos or Teslopoulos would be more correct.
Also , in my school it was done better, because my teacher was open-minded , so she didn't force religion on anybody, she did have debates with kids etc
Because the EZ is not only a Greek matter but it involves other countries too.
Νice tit tho
^con ^mil ^ROOOOSAS ^para ^miiii
Btw We also use that expression in Greece
partially because the real problems in society arn't caused
I didn't mention it because the timeline would become much more complicated and because Sicily didn't have much of an impact on the islands as far as I know
It;s not bad to have a good relationship with Russian people, but Russian government is authoritarian and enemy of freedom and human rights
On top of this, we experience huge economic issues(around 60% of people are around the poverty live) and that means the budget is already very low for social care to support them so services like hospitals struggle to make ends meet and support them.
Lot's of love from Greece
But is it really 51 years worth of progress
Yea it is soothing and refreshing
I think it depends on condition, sometimes it's self-imposed, sometimes it's expected , but am not sure if it's actual pressure or just  expectations ( mostly from older generations or based on area or based on social circle) sometimes neither
"Οι δαίμωνες της Επαυλης Μπλάι" or "The demons of Bly Manor".
Unfortunately it seems mobs of all kinds never learn.
TIL ^(/s)
Just open the link in your web browser.
Chances are, they don't. And security wise it's equally shit
I also forgot to mention the existence of the Roman forum in Athens but it's not so well preserved
I checked, they got 15000 gun deaths on 2019 alone
Write it for god’s sake
So on one hand everyone awknoledges how bad he fucked up but there is no active drive to "bury" him so to say.
* [Athens Concert Hall] (1991)
How long were you googling trying to find that
I usually don't, it's not like it opens from the outside anyways
I've also heard the slightly altered phrase: στου διαόλου το κέρατο- stou diaolou to kerato, which means "at the devil's horn".
I think it's more as a precaution from what I've noticed with others who do the same
Iii) There was a trial on him and he was swearing all the time, so the judge tells him "You're 50 years old and you're swearing such, why don't you behave like your age
Athens
At least let them have their espresso first before you break their heart
We had a great number of dictators and coups throughout the 20th century and corruption was always nourished within the society
my neighborhood's school
There's like 5 of them in Athens and i think that's it
I was in Nuremberg once with my school, we had gone to a cafe
Hey I noticed your username is Greek
The translation, adaptation and voice acting was spot on
But it might be because I have a lot of context and know the phrasing used in the Bible but many similar words and grammar non the less
I've come to dislike how the greek education system portrays the revolution, especially during independence day
Athens has the most crime by far, that is why they have like 85% of the police
so if someone that is pro russian wins on europe its safe to say that we will see massive riots that will lead to a civil war?(ahem ukraine)
And then there's the two dialects which I'd personally classify as district languages but they are called dialects because in everyone's mind there has only ever been one Greek language, Greek since medieval times
Not many people are aware that during World War 1, half of the country was sort of "friednly" occupied by Entente forces (mostly French), the king wanted neutrality (he was pro-German), the PM and (now) historical leader Venizelos wanted to join Entente, so he invited them in Thessaloniki, which they militarily occupied
Germany is a widely used example to provide contrast to the greek tendency to view laws as guidelines rather than actual rules
How about patrolling the lybian coast to send them all back onshore?
I don't know about cities, but there are definitely some regions in Athens and Thessaloniki that are weirdly named
However, after living in the UK and returning to Greece I have concluded that I'd rather have 3 months of extreme heat (which in air conditioned spaces & during the night is fine) than constant weather that's a pain in the ass
I think most people think very highly of a man named γέροντας Παΐσιος (literally old man Paisios)
It is a ridiculous claim tho, how would we know how they pronounced it in ancient greek?
A map by some analyst from 2014
Golden Dawn has found guilty for Criminal Organization !!!
Being friendly with them doesn't guarantee that they'll see you in the same way
After all, this government is looking forward to a bright 4-year austerity future of making the rich richer at the expense of the poor, and don't want that getting terminated early by any violent societal pushback, spearheaded by the students
No thanks
Based
Also if Greece leaves they have no obligation to pay back their loans which would have a large impact as well.
Also it would be nice to set better infrastructure and education standards since EU is funding countries for that purpose
Still remember it like it was yesterday, and I was a little kid
Awfully ahistorical and insulting
I would suppose that this stems from the fact that there is a greek translation for everything, so not using the greek word communicates that you are trying to make a point by speaking the other language
The "ð" symbol means "voiced dental fricative" like in English **th**e (and lots of languages have it like that), the little line underneath it signifies it's "retracted", which means your tongue doesn't actually touch your teeth while saying it, and the little ˠ that's attached signifies it's "velarized", which means you use the back of your mouth a tiny bit more
So this mixture of left-wing economics, right-wing social views and indirect bribing makes this homophobic, wanna-be authoritarian party the sure winner again
it was the first time i heard about it
I think most Southern Europeans ( at least that I know) like France
You cant get stuck if you cant turn
I think I fell in love with a word
Are social libertarians included in liberals
You didn't specifically ask but Greeks can fully communicate with Cypriots but we can tell them apart from their accent
There are plenty of Albanians here due to the easy access in the 90s. Maybe Russian or Romanian is the third one
after 21 we separate the words and this goes on to infinity
Eine automatische Übersetzung würde wahrscheinlich zu seltsamen Ergebnissen führen
That's bank credit score not social credit score
And I would like to add that the feedback loop causes idiotic or impractical laws to appear because nobody cares since most will "find a way" to avoid it.
Sun=Hélios (male)
You: snails
Is there a comparative map where Russia doesn't suck?
To answer your question, no, it's not normal in Greece
but i think skins was a lot more dark
She could be more well off by 1) not smoking, which costs at least 100€/month and 2) not having so many pets/spending so much on her pets (also at least 100€/month)
Καλλιόπη = Calliope
Not even kidding
It could go both ways in Greece
But our own Santa Claus version (actually the two saints have been kind of merged together) is Saint Basil from Caesarea, Cappadocia (today in Turkey)
I guess if other countries want a EU army like a military alliance would be good
Most -if not all- prefer him more than Aristotle
I can confirm too
Foreign names are spelled in Greek so if someone wants to be called William (Γουίλλιαμ), his name with Latin characters would be Gouilliam unless the person can prove that a foreign legal entity refers to him with a different name
The Niva (kinda jeep) is also very common especially for farmers
more like public servant, than an Army :P
We have so many car accidents we lose the amount of people the equivalent of a town, every year
Do they even make an effort
We also use "μεϊλ" (mail) and "ναϊς" (nice) quite a bit (the diacritics are there because without them ει and αι are pronounced i (like **i**n) and e (like l**e**t) respectively)
I meant the technological model that your IDs use as it's very advanced . They will used it as a base and include all kind of different information that will help with making online transactions with government agencies easier
"But I would look so much better on Instagram wearing high heals in front of the Acropolis"
Péfka - Pine trees
Yeah she was a good teacher but as you can see my english had gotten very rusty lmao
You are just supposed to call the police and then they beat the shit out of them with their "reasonable" force
But then the cover is only in Greek
Its common in Greece and I was curious to know if it's a tradition anywhere else.
The fun part is that, my age group (35) and younger has adopted quite well, with all the above
Unfortunately, that practice works between them and us as something similar has already happened in 1996 during the imia crisis.
But in some situations it might be okay
The last thing Hitler wanted was the Turks cozying up to the British through excess weapons trades and allowing the British forces to establish themselves in Turkish ports and coastal cities for the campaigns in North Africa, Crete, and eventually the Balkans.
Without EU we will be unable to compete other strong nations
The modern greek word Historia( ιστορία) has root from the ancient greek word histor(ιστωρ) which means the one who knows a lot on a certain  subject, who is an expert
I wonder whose opinion counts more
The point of that is if Germany thinks it can invite the world into Europe then try to keep them in greece they are mistaken, the floodgates all lead north, never forget that.
I myself am also probably going to do the Turkish course sometime in the future, but I want to keep consistent with my french a bit first, have you heard the Turkish course at all from curiosity
He passed anti Roma legislation
The title is claimed by multiple countries.
>Thsi might be a weird question, but I heard few people say how they don't understand that some people eat rabits, deers, ducks
Most turks are fine but there's a very vocal minority that has a pretty big superiority complex
And since when does being pro-EU or pro-NATO make you a "good" country?
) had more success than their European counterparts.
What the hell is a European Citizenship?
One posting was a 6 month contract of 40 hours per week (and you needed to be "flexible" with your work schedule) and had no benefits (so you pay for transportation, private health insurance which is hundreds per month, etc
Although plagued by the same problems, Salonica has a special place in my heart.
Germany is very weird in some issues
In Greece it is mandatory to take ancient Greek lessons to learn the language
Don't do [this]
Best part, this professor in my uni had two students from Cameroon once and I'm the first class asked them: " are you more comfortable with English or French
I am pretty sure they were already used to it.
Why would u want to tho
Then act surprised when Greece is lower than Sweden, Germany, Ireland, UK, France, Denmark etc
If not every day then at least 4 times a week.
I currently speak Greek, English, some Danish and a tiny bit of German and Spanish, lots of people would be impressed that I can hold a conversation in at least three languages, but it's nowhere near enough for me
Rhodos really is the rose of the aegean also, it is my favorite place in Greece.
Never tried it, but it sure looks delicious
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you one Alexis Tsipras, our previous prime minister
Are you referring to Tsakonian
I will thank them again when they are returned
Ισημερινός (isimerinos, literally equator, Ecuador)
If they work to support their family or their wage is lower ( like most young people ), then living on your own is even more unrealistic
• κολλητέ/κολλητή (kollité/kollití) = this one's a bit old fashioned, kinda childish in a way, kinda r/fellowkids sometimes
Bougatsa, which is a type of pastry that's usually filled with cream, translated as cream pie
the Greek Supreme Court is Called  Άρειος Πάγος ( Arios Pagos) which is a place believed to be where Ares was tried by the Olympic Gods for the murder of the son of Poseidon, Alirrothios
When they refuse the Germans execute them all
I'd nearly gotten that song unstuck from my brain, too
We also had a military coup, and after the restoration of democracy we sent the perpetrators of the coup to jail as well.
When on the day of remembering 17N victims I come with comments about how it wasn't really a terrorist organization or how the victims had it coming you are allowed to come back with your 17N wiki article
And if the 500+ stuff was enough, PiS wouldn't have launched this disgusting homophobic campaign
I am not sure about the whole country,  but in my town I have noticed we have sushi bars/restaurants,  Italian restaurants,  Indian restaurants,  Chinese foods,  pizzerias,   we also have American fast food restaurants with burgers,  chicken wings etc Mexican restaurants, and if I remember correctly we also have middle eastern food
They got their asses up and did something about it.
In Evia, an island, it snows up to 3 meters in January
Lok tar ogar Europe
For that we are thankful (even though they caused significant damages to the Parthenon in Athens)but there's no argument to keep them there anymore
Damn, i deserve some self-flaggelation
This is why φθόνος is used more rarely and not just because its archaic
I welcome Turks fleeing their government to Greece, not because it benefits our economy, but [because it's in our history]–Turkish_earthquake_diplomacy) to offer a helping hand to our neighbors.
Myzithra dry is good for pasta, and the 'fresh' version is really tasty as a salad cheese
Automatic translation would probably lead to strange findings
Don'e even think to mention to set up your own shade and shit, you need a really big car for moving the shit
That's not really true
Sure, for the ultra refined palate of an aficionado perhaps, but the general taste doesn't magically appear.
design] by my favourite artist and designer,  Erté.
Agrafa mountains would probably be the closest to empty I think
Germany basically controls all of Europe
Well I prefer mayo for fries too but I meant, like, fries are the only food that should ever be acceptably eaten with ketchup
He was called Kakofonix in greek, which translates to Badvoice-ix
On it's own but hardly defenceless.
• μαλάκα (maláka) = jerk, this one's strictly used on your friends, gender neutral (even though there's also μαλάκω)
Edit: I never claimed it's a good beer, everyone calm down
This results in unemployment and a lot of other issues
If they believe the opposite then why don't they ever escort Greek aircrafts out of disputes zones ?
You want USA style 'democracy' to be promoted in Europe
I receive 2 in the mail (everyone in my neighbourhood does, I can't explain why)
north macedonia wasn’t even close
A lot of them are young, repressed people who follow right-wing ideologies
Nice= Nikea
γγ γκ
In my opinion Greece's situation is similar with what the Baltic is facing against Russia.
I felt that
110% Thessalonian
Not even surprised by Greece >_>
It directly translates to "fuck" (Where, more like "fuck this", but the way it's used is basically the same as "fuck")
He tried to show compassion, but **spilled his water** instead of fucking **sharing** it
At least with monarchs you know they are shit/good
Good news though with the Corona virus not many people use it and it is a 2/10 rather a -100/10( source: I live in Thessaloniki)
&#x200B;
In Greece most people have a place live and they can afford eating , clothing etc
BTW what do you think about that
Yeah, except that one time when 70 million people died, it's great.
Germany desperately needed people.
It is fa, far less now, probably because of the fear of the sun
Yooooo there will be a military parade tomorrow
The dialect of Epirus is considered funny
The disaster was that all those buildings was useless after Olympic Games also whit traffic like that in summer for Greece cant never be loss .
At first I thought the same too, but then I noticed that they had included Russia which is Orthodox
Is this the Guilford bombing that the film [In the name of the father] based on?
Pretty chill and well-mannered when sober, crass and noisy when they are drunk.
i really don't want to accept that 55% but having heard the "Jew banker" rhetoric from my own brothers mouth am worried its probably true.
If you think our economy is in shambles now, wait till there are radscorpions all over the place, ruining tourism...
Why would they leave such a sunny country for the grim north ?
maybe 10% of them, Greeks only lived on Aegean coastal cities for the most part, and Anatolia is a massive landmass full of dozens of old cultures.
Souvlaki shops are known for their bad puns, like gyrobank (sounds like Eurobank), souvLike , souvlucky strike and so many more
We do not hate Europe, we do not hate the EU; we simply don't care much for it and would rather experiment and test alternative models.
For Athens I would definitely say off the top of my head:
I agree
OK so it was the glagolitic but the Cyrillic was based on that right
The problem is that if this dialect is to different than the English language (spoken by let's say UK, Australia and the US) people would not be able to understand it and so it would create confusion as to which language is actually English and which is not
Our landlord was a known prick but when he died we found out he was giving a ton of money every month to Unicef when he didn't really have much
We need to take that symbol back
This is all tiresome,and disingenuous
Heya what did he do
[Also apparently we came very close to having the same flag with Finland]
Hope you guys pull a Greece before it's too late
The native Americans were split on the issue.
Something has to be done and simply protesting against terrorism ain't gonna do it
But i agree that the french will snub the americans (and this time it's a good thing)
with NATO (Turkey's in too) and EU who will back up Greece if Turkey attacks or something, I don't think it's that necessary
I seriously wonder what they *think* we're supposed to do with the millions of Turks living there
i found a copy of full text here:
If you want additional info check on the Armenian-Greek and Assyrian genocide in 1914-1921
Santorini is overrated change my mind
Well, majority of Greece loves Serbs
Surprised no one mentioned the word “ubiquitous”. Should just be me
Most people want to leave from their houses as early as they can
I mean shit man, look at the Netherlands, far more economically advanced and they look similar, if not worse, than Cyprus from this graph
Myzithra dry is good for pasta, and the 'fresh' version is really tasty as a salad cheese
Those maps turn the comment section of Europe into the Balkans while the actual Balkans keep silent enjoying popcorn lmao
Thankfully most of them are in crossroads with traffic lights anyways, especially in big cities like Athens.
Daaamn that's my name and I've never thought of that
Here's a link between the "established" Erasmian view and the Koine/demotic version.
Official schedules aren't followed, half the people are never on time, organization is non-existent
After that is the fact that, every time our government tries to make paying debts back easier (with, say, giving people the option of multiple payments), it is met with resistance and complains from the outside EVEN THOUGH it results in more money being paid back than there otherwise would
I blame the Tsipras goverment for plenty, however they have been saying that the debt is unpayable in its entirety from the beginning.
LOL
Which are the sets of twins is another debate; some say the kids were segregated in the eggs according to gender, so the twins are Helen-Clytemnestra and Castor-Polydeuces
Wait, so can someone just enter into your house uninvited
Our other [country] [of] [relatives] in the Mediterranean
Yes for example George IV is Called Γεώργιος aka Yeorjios or Yeoryios .
I guess the average Greek (not me) doesn't know much about Baltics as we are living far off each other and probably the creator didn't have anything else to write there.
I had friends in college from Cyprus that I could understand, but when I heard Cypriots speaking their dialect between them it was sometimes hard to follow
It’s the transfer, I don’t even know how to pronounce them correctly in English
Ladotyri
Greece, I mean the Turks still call us Rum (Romans), how based is that
On the State-owned station ERT
I got Rickrolled in 2019
Its somewhere on Peristeri municipality, Athens.
The high school i went to had lockers for books for every student
I guess it's a cultural think maybe?
rocket war) on the island of Chios, which has injured people/damaged properties over the years AFAIK
For example Candace Owens , politicians like senators, etc
Plenty of people will now say that they're above and beyond it but then Germany goes and does something new that we dislike and it all comes back
(and ofcourse the food)
In general, I'd love to visit either Ancient Greece, or Thessaloniki during the Byzantine Empire
Its the day for meat consumption basically
Bulgaria: We don't really know much about you
When I was in my last year of high school, most of my classmates were bringing their homework from cram school to the regular school, because they rightly thought that it was more important than the things we learned in school.
Serbian rule of Greece lasted for 25 years, Bulgarian rule for 23 years.
He tried to take a turn, the bus was coming and the novopan went [flying over to the bus] Out of the 47 students (Ages 16-17) the 21 died, horribly
>Wait, no
Tragedies are really tragedies ;p
Not ideal by any means but it has to be pointed out
I'm so jealous of people that have a middle name
>Since we are in the same boat
I think that freedom should have limitations that would protect it and ensure it
Where I am the typical price is 0,5€ if you buy it from a kiosk or something like 0,15-020€ if you buy it from a super-market
Sad but true
It's very difficult to run a house by yourself though if the kids are working they contribute to the family's budget
Apparently a teacher was decapitated by a student's father
If it was only the other ingredients then it would be divinely tasty, but nah
I know, it was mostly a joke, it's pretty obvious that Slavic looking Turks descend from muhacirs from places like Bosnia, Novi Pazar etc
The first and foremost issue that it seems that Irish politicians don't give a shit about is the absurd price of rents
The place was down a long flight of stairs with two tall buff guys at the entrance
EINIGKEIT UND RECHT UND FREIHEIT
He tried to show compassion, but **spilled his water** instead of fucking **sharing** it
We have to unite our forces for the enemy is common; people who only eat patatopita
I'm often in Puglia and would love to order this
Jail is not a dangerous place for nazis
You still might get weird looks if you try to pay 30 cents with card, but one coffee is totally acceptable
You can see the Hagia Sophia church , from the 8th century
37€ 100/10Mbps here
I think the *official* term is wehraboos
The only time that happens to me is when me and a group of friends happen to play against Turkish people on rocket league and that once friend of the group decides to get all toxic and nobody knows if they're being serious or not
Territorial rights are much like copyright - every now and then you just have to agressively defend it for risk of losing it, even if the "threat" to your copyright is a harmless youtube video - or, in the case of your territory, a country you could overrun in less than a week.
Most people in Greece do that actually and most places will offer to pack your food so you can take it home
I love Greek more in every way tbf, I also know how to speak a bit of Italian and I love it too, also I'm currently learning French, and while I love it, it is making me want to die with some of its phrases (like why are there so many combinations with que, ce and est), but in general, I think the reason that I like Greek, Italian and French more than English is because I have gotten so used to the language (as 90% of the media I watch is in English and I'm exposed to the language for the majority of the day) that I have pretty much gotten bored of it
[Wikipedia] says it has 9921 inhabitants
I want to know anything more
We have very similar avatars, half-compatriot
Syriza, a revisionist party, used to cry out "Americans, murderers of the peoples" and now Tsipras is endorsing the President of the USA.
Men/de is so neat and tidy
This is not how I learn, but it certainly helped her a lot
We don't just walk around school barefoot
" Thus by doing more testing you are gonna discover more cases
He was cruel, greedy, narcissistic and delusional
It's still  6:58 AM there
In the North, like Thessaloniki, you better prepare for a long and cold winter every year
Living in the US I've heard/seen my share of rich folk who voted for Trump simply because they've been voting conservative their whole life and don't want to pay more taxes
Probably, who knows
Turtledoves to be exact
The Bernie bots are still dreaming about socialism.
I absolutely love Italian cuisine, but a couple of pasta dishes I had when I was in Rome were too al dente for my taste
In the past names where not given as randomly as today.
Haha, you drew a nice picture there
But I don't believe in such stereotypes,  and I believe that many people in Turkey are secular,  despite that these days due to Hagia Sofia we mostly see the more extremist and religious people
Yet, when Greece and Cyprus agreed on sanctioning Russia our intrests were hurt
More like the beginnings of a solution.
Thank you,  I will add it
No we didnt genocide people native to anatolia we assimilated them
When you're mad for a silly reason or when you don't agree with something : Drink vinegar
I felt like especially the greek one was just packed full of as many stereotypes as possible and mainly how a tourist would see us
Lol thank you fellow Greek
That's all I can think of right now
My family made the mistake of switching to automatics many years ago
he may shoot a hoop or two in his free time but that's not his true calling
First it was the architecture, then those awesome landscapes, then that streetfood post and now this.
Since when do they have a monopoly over the region's name ?
The climate is probably a huge factor
It's like the fireplace, using the word fotia or tzaki to describe it, doesn't mean that the word Estia is wrong, or that the other two are the correct ones
I don't know about Serbia, but Greeks are christian only "on the paper", no one goes to church here except old people.
Were the German bombings worse than the later allies bombings
Here we think Santa Claus lives in Lapland
do you live in an area with high criminality or it was "bad luck"?
The measures forced on Greece make combatting corruption harder, for various reasons, not easier, especially the corruption of the really rich and guilty
It's pretty bizzare but really cute at the same time to be honest hahaha
I find it a little strange and stupid that they would abduct a person, while there was a camera in front of them
Anti-fascists beat the s#%t out of them
Instead of downvoting to disprove me present actual arguments.
They have two university towns
A big factor for the civil war was the fact that the communists wanted to turn Greece into a Soviet state and also because the Slavo-Macedonian minority of Greece wanted to put the Greek part of Macedonia into Yugoslavia(the communists supported them in their attempt).
That city had a church wherever i looked.
Which makes you wish they hadn't cause your pocket fills up with useless coins
I actually didn't realise how foreign this generation thing was to me until I read this question
True, but in my opinion Greece should be way higher and the reason that we aren't is because we have the most fucked up educational system in the EU.
It's true though, glad you got a laugh lol
So, how is the Greek team playing if it's the only team in the league?
1st: 3500BC  \~ 330AC (The biggest one that we usually skip some of it)
At this point I can hear my back begging me to drop out
Oh shit yeah let me add those too
Dude put a bracelet on me without asking and I had to give him 1 euro to get rid of him
Can't be with the dick in the ass and the soul in the heaven at the same time.
Fascists march
She has more hair in her 'brows than I have on my armpits.
I think I'm going to like it
Kalamaki (South Greece) vs souvlaki (North Greece)
*I would interpret that as the crowd goes livid after hearing the announcement
I'd consider myself lucky if it snowed during the holidays here.
Like unconsciously I am pronouncing them the greek way
For those who don't know, orthodox communion involves the priest making you drink wine with a spoon
Some people have two names and they choose one and the other is treated like a middle name
For the word εύνοια (evnia) there isn't exactly one on one translation
Hebrew and Castilian Spanish
This is what happens when your system allows centralization of power.
Althought i've never been to one, most of my friends had fantastic experiences
I don't know which is our most embarrassing tech moment
Its not like people cannot see the obvious efforts to minimize the violence of far left terror groups,and what better way to do that than point to neonazis
You can’t be the President of the United States and be illiterate
( Linera for anyone curious )
What
>We've been kinda chill with Bulgaria but we sort of went to war twice in the 1900s I guess
According to the Greek grammar, **all** **proper names** need a definite article and are to be used with it (in the appropriate gender, case and number) at **all** times
I'm not going to comment about Serbia because I don't care, but at least in Greece, marriages between Greeks and muslims/Ottomans were prohibited.
That's a kind of tough question for Greece given our bad modern reputation, because of the debts
My (not that educated) guess is that actions like this persuade people with more conservative views, that the police has been doing work to establish order
Love her or hate her she speaks straight facts
It would all remain peaceful if there weren’t paid rioters
It happened because Churchill believed he had to bring back  the Greek king
Fear no more, nobody speaks languages similar to ours, so it's going to be an equal pain to everyone to learn
I think that the people who are actually willing to attack Turkey are extremely few, even compared to the ones that believe in a retaking some time in the future
Yeah, 17N is such an obscure organization, nobody has heard of it, no one spoke about their attacks
Since Syriza left and Nea Dimokratia has become the ruling party, police has become a little bit stricter in general, especially on younger people
Serbs played a major role in the fall of the Byzantine Empire due to the Byzantine-Serbian wars
what Greece lacks in economic power it makes up for as being the most important geo-policial located nation in the EU as it is the access point to the Eastern Med and through Cyprus the MIddle East.
Lets fkin goooo i thought they would cancel it cuz of covid
I don't know what happened, because my daily life didn't get affected
2) We can understand a lot of words from Latin language speaking countries, but they can't understand us
I honestly feel like it literally happens as often as the opposite, it has become a 50/50 split
the (court-martial) Court of the six
He said that's how they called today in Greece, for example in history classes
France has great rest stops along the way
I fall in love with every single language I come across, and that's too painful, especially if it's from a language group I'm not familiar with
No, it was a good one, it's just that I didn't knew what a cod is :D
There was an aisle in the middle, at the right only men, on the left women with children
what do you expect to happen
It's a Greek prefecture totally unspoiled by tourism (I've been told that very few foreign people visit this place, which isn't grand even in terms of domestic tourism), full of stunning natural beauty
So for example I would imagine that liveumap would be more likely to protests even if a handfull of people are protesting.
All of the aforementioned things are part of why I've been meaning to move out of the city, or even out of the country altogether
Scusi sorella
That's what I implied, that you are fucking brainwashed
One of my yeacher told us in highschool that it is actually closer and it was based on studies by scholars etc
The US would probably offer a bailout through IMF with somewhat okayish terms and the EU wouldn't do anything but if the situation gets "humanitarian-crisis" bad they'd give some aid.
The UK voted to leave to expand its economic horizons to other emerging markets.
feel free to ask if you have any more questions!
So they want to kill white people by uniting them
Depending on their level, I either encourage or discourage it
Whether Greece was a member of it is irrelevant
Greece, Cyprus
If the loaners don't give us some breathing room the loans will never be paid.
"I'm not going to say what I'm going to do" is like saying you are going to bomb them, everyone usually says a lie of what they are going to do even though most of the time they don't do anything
it’s mainly bc we’re broke
**do sex**
Yeah and if I want to watch someone dribble a guy out of his mind I will come to you and see what you can do instead of messi
I would say the most famous song in terms how other countries know us is the sirtaki dance from the movie Zorba the Greek, which was composed by Mikis Theodorakis [
- 1500bc
Georgios Poulos
Erdogan: "You need to give us something"
Byzantium was really weak at the time he adopted.
These left wing parties have no real power.
Yes, and Idk why
Can confirm, each time a girl or person joins /r/greece we scare her away...
Pretty much agree, but Heraklion
Unfortunately the ones that will suffer now is us the young people instead of the ones that put us in this place.
Lazaros Christodoulopoulos
I feel ashamed every time I go abroad and they see my ID card at an airport
Donald or not it's their choice!
* EF SYN [
This
Do you have something equivalent in your country
Yeah though I have no idea when it happened
Am of 18 years, and go third of Lyceum
if i was Denmark, i would be more careful mocking the "chosen one" :)
yeah, that
You can find all 4 episodes on yt
Also European women raiding Mount Athos would be fun to watch
The player in the picture is [Eder] scored a great goal giving Portugal their first [EURO] cup.
I am not using the word liberal as we use it when describing progressives
Yee the most exciting thing with Brexit for me is my brand new blue passport
>“PUT ON YOUR FECKING SEAT BELT
How did you convince yourself to go in
Yes, and Idk why
If that was the reason why would the state arrest more than a thousand people from their own organised protest
It was also dubbed into Bulgarian and aired in Bulgaria between 2000 and 2010
Same with Danes and my level of Danish
I wouldn't watch it if I was in your position
I think you know very well what I mean.
She even told us that she have visited Turkey and loved it, and that she is pro-unification
That’s exactly what I think too
They still live in horrible conditions and therefore get sick often.
For both classes, we wrote essays etc
Like, really, a lot
Why EU hasn't intervened by now
1940 war
In many cases we have more in common with Jews and Turks, than we have with Danish and English, for instance
(not sure how factual that is but I heard it in the past and a quick Google search agreed)
Planes are just fine, they mostly use Airbus A320
That's sad :(
That's crazy and trust me i know crazy,im greek
You mean after the Netherlands declared independence from Hapsburg Spain?
Not at all
&#x200B;
In my neighborhood we have a woman that feeds cats all around the neighborhood so many cats have gathered and since our apartment building is from the few in the neighborhood with dirt and grass patches it means many of the stray cats come to shit and piss in our block
I don't mind it, in fact it can be a lot of fun when you're younger, I would just prefer if they weren't violent
I mean, normally you only drink a little bit, just for the taste as they say
And they had ads with some people drinking Mythos in different countries
be exercised as specified by the Constitution
I agree with you, but I think they said that because some Americans (a minority) get mad when someone is wearing braids and for some reason they think that it's wrong, but I think it's wrong to judge all Americans based on them, since these people don't represent the majority of Americans
Excuse me for my wrongdoing, I meant that children can get in a college without the exams, by paying, while us in public/private schools have to give them
2 of them are both cultural and natural
I came back with three huge jars, which I never want to let go
UK is a totalitarian state on par with China
• Unless the subject of a sentence has not be mentioned and is not known, you can skip it entirely and you will still be perfectly understood
To the 40 people:
I'm sure it isnt in doubt but there needs to be some clarification.
Can't wait to see this be the norm where I live
Except, maybe, the city of Nafplio, the first capital of Greece
Haha, this happens when we write Spanish assignments on the computer
That's why Nazim Hikmet has a huge impact in Greek people
Yes and no
Food, music, alcohol and all that jazz.
I would like to live there, the only problem is that maybe some people may believe in some stereotypes about where I come from
If so what are your arguments except that treaty you mentioned between italy and the ottoman empire (NOT TURKEY!)?
Not about Greece itself, but rather about our folklore; I have many times corrected people who are mythtaken about our mythology (Atlas, Medusa, the sun god, Persephone, etc)
I think nowadays there many women in those ages that haven't made a family, so I guess it's common today
2 people have been beheaded today and 1 stabbed
Its an illegally occupied land
I am kidding I won't come there but not because I have not money, yeah totally not for that
No they are actually neighbourhood pets with everyone feeding the scraps and petting them
Is this real tho
Lmao
I think that research from the WHO took place in 2016
The muslim immigrants promoted it so strongly
yep i love my anthem
In a Eurasian context we are in the same continent.
Look at the Fin guy flexing his seasons there
But please stop switching, it's pointless and annoying
Fucking stupid isn't it
We see this mistake fallacy used a lot lately by anti maskers "now you make us wear masks then you are going to control every part of our lives". So to recap my point
For example, in northern Greece there is a city called Ptolemaida (37,000 residents) which is right next to the EU's largest lignite mine
Omicron on its own means "the" (masculine), eta on its own also means "the" (feminine), unless you put an accent, then it means "or".
Not sure about Christmas but I'm pretty sure we have a new year's lottery
One thing that's been some comfort is the fact that I've resorted to taking a book along with me
My experience in France taught me that it's best to start by asking in french if they speak English
And yes if you are from Lesbos and you are a woman you are called "Lesbian" (Λεσβία) in Greek but in the last 20 years or so another word is used for obvious reasons
I appreciate your monitoring
What's the problem really
Funny thing is i have met a couple of ravers from Litochoro too.
Dry feta is the only variant I can stand
The Ottomans occupied us for 400 years doing a lot of atrocities in this time frame
I'm sick and tired of these mother fuckers playing dictators in the 21st century
A lot
Obvs I'd text and explain what's happening and not to to wait for me yet at the usual spot
Also I didn't know that that was the French I thought it was the standard
Kolokotronis
Some of them.But seriously after so many years in European soil they look more European than Turkic,which is logical tbh.
We nearly missed it and whoever student could speak French (the professor did not !) was shouting "Arrete Capitan" to the captain
” Papers at Kew show British police serving  under Wickham to be regularly present in the camps
I really think Keepass is the best, very simple to use.
I hope that you win but you are already winners in our hearts for doing that
Attica (the region surrounding Athens) is developed
For example the word "mixture" in greek is μείγμα (meigma) but you can also write it down as μίγμα (migma)
BTW Where are you from
Italian: Grazie
cons :  our economy isn't so good, there is a rise of extremist parties
Not sure
that +32 on Military Defence, also being the highest number on the list, is very telling
We live on cold coffee here in Greece, and not just during the summer months
Though I still wonder how Electro-N is still on this sub.He makes ridiculous comments way too often, it's time that he gets banned.
I'm for it but it is in its infancy and may take years to implement.
The Illyrian history is all about being defeated by the Greeks and Romans lmao
Puberty district would be a more fitting name though.
yes, and it also changes depending on wether you are thanking one or more people
Blue: Physics
Their old (current
There are no official limitations
I really want for our leaderships to get along and Erdogan does nothing but creating tensions
Start with Cyclades islands
That's some prime /r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM material right there
2 million euros were lost and the project got canceled about a month ago
OK but it's my turn to repost this next week
Especially, the public transportation part is abysmal
Makriyiannis
>The bounds of your life are defined not only by your natural limitations (which for us humans are quite restrictive already), but by the limitations imposed upon us by everyone else
Related article "passangers complain after Agean Airlines flight took 2 hours longer from Kalamata to Athens because pilot was drunk over Peloponnese"
I think we should all just grow up and realize just how similar we all are, and make our own union (let's call it the Eastern Union, EU haha), with blackjack hookers and raki
>Athens(664,046)
That means they want to get closer to Russia than say Germany or the UK
[There] you go, some burek Reddit wisdom for you
Kemal tried to push for secularism but the majority of Turks remained Muslim.
We are, but only during the summer
Variety most probably
All of Turkey belongs to Greece but I can settle for Ionia!
Hahaha true, [but yeah but no but yah
They must realize Kosovo is independent now.
Since I'm Greek I've obviously visited loads of ancient temples and ruins, and some in Italy too
No offense, but that is seriously very shortsighted; after all military foresight doesn't translate to civic responsibilities
London and Paris
It is not only whether the child is "yours" or not, it also has to do with other variables like the cost, speed and bureaucracy involved with either option.
) and take the film/videogame seriously
The article are the obvious expected ripple effects from their massive crisis.
Good question, it's a bit tricky but not impossible
Gotse Delchev
fires, dances, songs, ... The name of the festival "klidonas" young girls suppose to learn their future husband's name
*Earthquake happens*
Maybe I have to edit it , to make it clear
So as not to make the same mistakes again
It would be persecution if the police would arrest her for no reason other than being the opposition.
That'd be scary dude
What the hell is that
A European passport
Not dragon in Greece, but we call a kite an eagle "αετός"
Article 1
> Gender neutral and uncomplicated (no extra meaning like “friend”) word for boyfriend/girlfriend
Yea if you take a look at the [Delian League] map for instance, it is easy to come to that conclusion.
everyday use and probably a part of the Greek language now
r/mapswithoutcyprus
Excuse me but are you talking about things you have no education on
Thank fuck, maybe the conspiracy nuts will stop eventually
idk that might have to do with its name
Why
Free markets, cultural preservation and national defence.
I like the colour though
I think that the main difference is methods of cooking, quality of the ingredients, variety of the food
Milos,Serifos,Amorgos etc beautiful places but you have to give your kidney in order to spend 5 days there
Testament to their quality was that in every phase of my life I got different jokes
I'm so proud of u,cause it is hard.
pretty sweet copper coffee set you have there!
It has served me well
Like it's possible to be pro immigration but think that the levels experienced in recent years are unsustainable and should be more limited while the EU could put money in for camps in Turkey to help refugees that need it.
Interesting or no, I think the general public is getting tired of excessive sensationalism.
And as such, it needs a constant influx of young workers just like a pyramid constantly needs new sellers
250 euros
That sounds gross
It'd be interesting to see if this phenomenon appears in other countries too
Nobody seriously thinks of them as a threat (yet)
We are very group oriented in general and people kind of pity you and thunk you have no friends to go out with
You have cheap icelandair flights and cheap hotels/car rentals
I guess you were abroad when Themos Anastasiadis hosted Germenis on his late night show, published fake news of the Golden Dawn lads who protect grandmas from immigrant thieves when they go to the bank or when lifestyle shows talked about Kasidiaris with the swastika tattoo like he was the new hot guy in town
In Greece we always just slurp them/pick them out their shell
Even if it was serious, its still funny you humourless twat.
But if I am ill or if I have a headache or a stomachache , then I drink it very warm
Wow, I've actually seen that before but it never occurred to me that it's a different symbol, I always read it as "κ" like short for "και". Pretty cool, thanks
edit: and the only city I didn't know in the list
Greece is just chilling in the corner farming olives and cheese and being drunk
Someone please ELI5
Did I say anything about it being unreasonable for Eastern Europe to think that way?
Many things have to be dealt internally
They understand us but we do not understand them
**Germany (Stuttgart)** : the city gives vibes of a big village
They started construction on it in 2006
Hebrew is awesome
Came here to say okka(=1
And it took me countless google searches in English, translations and searching for papers and essays in greek to figure some stuff out
But the older you get the more rare it becomes
And then begging big companies to come and invest
That should give you a hint on how the situation really is.
I think that most people are okay with it and don't really care if someone is eating alone
Patras: Sluts
One of the weirder European stories I read recently was that Hitler promised the Cossacks a 'homeland' in Friuli if they fought for him against Stalin
You will be served good and big portions here
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you one Alexis Tsipras, our previous prime minister
Everyone in Europe says Europe lol
Not even Greek government is bringing up the possibility of a write-off of the debt, only that the debt is re-structured to become more manageable with lower interest rates.
And thankfully we can still have frank discussions about immigration matters in europe without the PC-police on our back.
I could expect a trolling for debt, but that was out of my mind.
I THOUGHT THIS WAS A JOKE DID THAT REALLY HAPPEN
The two heads were classmates and roommates in uni
I should not have to pay 800+ per month for a small room in a shared flat in Dublin
I think it's more of a circlejerk nowadays.
Old people who don't have a family to take care of them must have it real hard
Where is she
I'm hella introverted, i don't enjoy going to clubs at all
Patras does not have a weird reputation, it is mostly known for the carnival
But some still offer the no-receipt price lel
What a load of rubbish, pointing the finger at Cyprus for using the veto in exactly the same way as every EU member in EU's history
I'm trying to not create any drama lol
And it's totally understandable
" Thus by doing more testing you are gonna discover more cases
Keep in mind that these were said by people who know ther English and either had passed or were about to give English exams for the C2 (proficiency) certificate
Kind of
(Crete) Guns
I think these issues currently ranking at the top at that order too
I don't care nor know about the Balkans, but the local Greeks viewed them as invaders.
What's with the attitude, are you affiliated with Lidl
If you are home at noon just stay inside and don't do anything particular until the sun gets lower and temperature falls a bit
Lol, if not literally only in Ioannina
What I see is people that live in harsh conditions, with many health risks and even in Germany or Netherlands or anywhere they are being exploited by traffickers and dubious locals that see opportunities for exploitation.
There's an old internal-consumption circlejerk in Greece where many people believe that the greek language should be the lingua franca of the world.
Oraiókastro - Nice castle
As someone who had to go through some big chunk of time without proper sun and daylight (due to health reasons) the end results of that really aren't the best for you
So New Zealand and Ireland are the only Anglosphere countries not considered an ally ?
Yup, now imagine how easy it is for refugees
Seriously
Another example: How is Denmark Northern Europe but Baltics Central Europe ? Latvia and Estonia are more northern than Denmark and Lithuania is as Northern as Denmark, they should have been Northern Europe
I have a chinese phone so thats propably true.
Saudi Arabia, China, Turkey etc
She told that that she harbors no negative feelings for those not responsible, but she wouldn't be at ease at the possibility that a Turk or Turkish Cypriot that would be her closed friend or loved one would end up being related to the people who killed her Grandmother for no reason
there is an abandoned mansion about 20 minutes drive from where I live
And the deposits  remain, like bacilli in the system
I'm gonna sound totally evil, but just wait it out -until all those old weird people kick the bucket-, and then I'm sure everyone will get along just fine
establishing an EEZ with the moon by 2030
Oh yes, [mommy EU from the other's day propaganda hit piece] abuse me with more austerity
Μινιμα
ἑταῖρος (etéros) is another one, meaning: companion/comrade/friend/partner/pupil/disciple/associate/ _in plural:_ the cavalry of the Macedonian Kings
In case the leading party has less seats, the president tasks them to explore the possibility of making a multi-party/coalition(?) government, otherwise we vote again
The "[Koskotas Scandal] was and still is a big scandal
Greece struggles with Turkish aggressiveness on a daily basis
Well here in Greece we see them every now and Again, we Also  see about the syrian refugees and such fairly often
Correct
Yeah toilets in Athens are not a thing and it pisses me off, being a person that drinks 3-4 liters per day
Albania, nationalists on both sides are dumb
To be honest this isn't exlusive to the far-right.
Τώρα άσε τους άλλους να λένε ότι το πανεπιστήμειο της Ξάνθης ή του Αιγαίου είναι όσο καλό όσο τα ΕΚΠΑ/ΕΜΠ/ΑΠΘ
- Στη μέση του πουθενά (in the middle of nowhere)
But this is not good the way Greek people see it, we have the Purchasing Power of former Eastern Block countries right now
However there is one symbol that is highly controversial
I'm not a beach person either
Some people kike to drink in order to experience a feeling of joy or euphoria
There is an argument that it doesn't work very well exactly because it is not a federation.
I think I haven't seen anyone act hostile to Albanians for years and that makes me quite happy
The word for million is εκατομμύριο and literally means one hundred times ten thousand
\- Καμένα Βούρλα(kamena vurla) = Burned bulrushes , but bulrush is metaphorically (and most commonly) used as 'stupid', so overall it translates like 'burned stupid people'
I legit had to google what a Narwhal is
Ethnic Greeks on the other hand look Mediterranean.
Just saw this pop up on my feed and I gotta say, it's nice seeing such a high score on my pic
compressed milk - NOYNOY milk
If you pay enough attention in school you can make some out
"Arabia" is outdated so that we don't confuse it with the country (Saudi) Arabia.
I bet it's the Bowling Green butchers striking again.
People in this villages are mostly boomers
I'm with you on this one, but in the context that there would still be some basic rules so that the language each region speaks would still be identified as English
What is this whimsical place
>Weapons
Caller ID
"The country has ramped up testing capacity to more than an average of  478,000 tests per day in June, compared with an average of over 345,000  per day in May
>Can you tell me some positive news from your country / region
They are conservative, lean towards Serbia and the Serbian-Orthodox church, and are not motivated by a desire for transparency, but rather by a tribal sense of Slav unity
Althought i've never been to one, most of my friends had fantastic experiences
-They want to fucking rape you
Or countries that started lockdown early and those that started it late
yeah, that
Even Greeks got annoyed, imagine that ;p
Year 7 (middle school starts): Ancient History but deeper
Mattis is there because Trump picked him though.
Legistlation can't change the people and their tradition.
Λολ
I believe that it is obvious that by “EU” we mean “countries in the European Union” and we condemn the fact that they (Germany,Spain,Italy) put fiscal gains over an idea and an institution that they created, the European Union
At least we got the adriatic beaches of Cyprus (Montenegro)
I live a 100 metres from Plato's academy in Athens, all the buildings in the area took forever to be built because they had to bring in archaeologists to assess if the artefacts that are found should be buried again or relocated, but it's not like this everywhere in Athens
I mean more broadly like Japan/China or Vietnam/China territories
Yes, it counts
It's probably a good long while away though
People are quick to forget the awfulness of terror groups in Greece,while putting forth a boogieman of neonazis
Wow they did such an amazing job
Thats the most greek thing ive heard today
MPH is the nationalist party, right?
and [Green Cola] which is a cola type drink but with Stevia instead of sugar, i think it's become international and is being sold in a few other european countries now
If European leaders had made just a little bit of listening, they would not find themselves in awkward positions and looking like fools.
I just realized that all these technologies (toxic chemicals, flamethrowers, planes, tanks, machine guns, etc) were relatively recent when WW1 broke out
Then it's the portion
As I saw this map, some very warm wind hit my face
* Thessaly: Farmers
&#x200B;
My favorites towns to live are the towns that are in the southern suburb of Athens , and those near them that are outside of Athens
For summer anything less than 22⁰C or so is cold
That's true
You're very clearly some kind of altnright winger based on all the comments I've seen your make on this thread
Glad to be of service at least for the TIL part
Black coffee is amazing
Epic original joke my dude
Maybe one day
EDIT:We are "lazy" because it is unbearable not only to work during summer, but it is unbearable to even exist, we are in the verge of physical limits
Greece
I've posted the wiki article
We are a bilingual country and have decided to accommodate each other all over the country.
We are also a source for cheap highly educated workforce, in the last decade we had about 500k people leave to find a better future, most of them are university degree owners that see no future in our country
That is because ENISA is an EU agency and not a national government's agency.
Ο Ήλιος (the sun, male)
i just have to say , as someone that has all his memories in EU, i cant really feel the greatfullness, but i do feel the fear of an EU destruction and return to the "old Europe".From the books i read , it wasnt the most "help eachother" era....
It's the same comment thread if you wanna have a look
If you look at the rest of the southern Mediterranean countries, they score way better than us
Thats sad man
It feels as if even topics about solar trigger brigading nowadays.
Golden Dawn had been around and was not getting more than 2% until they portrayed themselves as the ones who would "punish the previous ones for their crimes against you"
lmao
We gained/freed a big chunk of today's country and, unlike other periods of our history, we did so only through our army's superiority both at sea and on land, not because of the help of a big ally
4 70-90 s.m apartments, rent them out for 500€ a month, make 2k a month, live comfortably for the rest of my life
isn't a stretch to call Serbian and Bulgarian states in this map empires?
What you said about the economy is probably true and further proves my point
In Greece many people think they’re above the law
In case you're missing it, nobody on the planet recognizies it
Both him and I forget words in our languages, sometimes we substitute them with words from the other languages but yes it's so embarrassing
Then Britain helped Greece again in WW2 and during the communist uprising in later years.
same
They just live on the street but the community takes care of their food and sometimes health
When they sack your castle it's because a) you were unable to defeat them and b) you suck at defending your castle.
People will not just not cooperate with pollsters and keep to themselves.
Also it depends if I go somewhere close or not
>the promotion of a democratic, rule of law,
That not debt relief thats delayed payment.
Damn foreign cows stealing local cows' jobs of getting murdered and having their flesh devoured!
Yeah, I’ve been following the live stream online
As simple as that
If you ever find yourself in Athens, send me a message and I'll tell you where to go for a really nice glass of cold coffee
wait a minute...your cheapest bottle of vodka costs 20 euros?How much does absolut vodka cost?
3 times
>A Turkish businessmsn residing in Utrecht told BBC Türkçe that Tanış had "fought in Chechnya" and that a "few years ago [Tanış] was arrested and released for his connection to ISIS
Ταξίδεψε και τηλεφώνα μου αν δεις διαφορά ανάμεσα σε Ελληνες και Τουρκους.
It's fairly mutually intelligible with standard Albanian though
Amazing news
Are you sure about that
Now you get it
If Erdo unleashes the migrants there a 100% change that these will go only to Greece and nowhere else
Arsenios, Chrysanthos, Kleopatra, Demosthenes, Eugenios, Ektoras, Ermes, Hieronymos, Isidora, Iasonas, Kassandra, Nestoras, Prometheas, Solon, Xanthippe, Socrates
I was wondering why I kept burning them when I tried to cook them
lmao
How can the katana be stronger if it doesn't have a pommel?
But what exists is that you drink beer and eat sausages all the time
23 DEAD
Have there been any cases with foreign (EU) license plates?
But this is not good the way Greek people see it, we have the Purchasing Power of former Eastern Block countries right now
That cost us like 15 bucks per person, and we had a blast
I'm Greek, I visit sifnos every year and I have family there
In Greece it'd be the Klephts and Armatoloi for sure
&#x200B;
this \^
i don't know what Ξ has to do with Z but the only people i've seen write  Ƶ  are people atleast 60 years old
It’s quite funny because Greeks aren’t used to cold weather at all
Nowadays this is not an active matter and we are actually cooperating on many things with Israel, like tourism, business, joint military exercises etc.
From what I read sofa comes from suffah, an arabic word.
Yeah, I’ve been following the live stream online
Alternative: The Angry Mongolian Man excibit
A country close to Indonesia and Malaysia
Believe it or not capital punishment for all crimes in Greece,was officially abolished in 2004
Some Nazi collaborators may have been slain by the resistance factions during ww2 but as Greece shifted immediately to the civil war - the first of cold war proxy wars- those nazi collaborators were assimilated by the right wing resistance army (heavily supported by Britain) in the war against the communist resistance army (mildy supported by communist balkan states)
But the way they went there, made them think of themselves as slaves and that's hard to bear.
Also when people, especially young people, are going to parties clubs,bars etc many people are drinking in order to have fun and to enjoy the feeling of drunkenness, not to the point that they can't walk, but to the point that they experience a feeling of euphoria . Also some people might want to combine alcohol like wine with their meals
I'd get that a lot less frequently back when I didn't interact with so much content in English tbh
So in my house we will eat e
I went to Evrytania for the first time before all this covid staff
Well it's around 30-35°C every day, I live 5 minutes from the sea and I have a/c so it's ok
Writing
Well, many others did the exact same and it was the main reason I stopped watching it, it had become politics instead of a song contest
Ok this image is actually kinda gross tho :P
The other side is very very comfortable :-(
>(and I kind of believe we do deserve them)
This drove me CRAZY
Commercial organisations do not treat all people equally.
edited
[This] guy had his own racial theories, that the southerners were the superior race etc.
Same with Greece.Adopting the EURO was a BIG mistake.We lost so much purchasing power with that.
Jesus Christ Poland
These people are pain in the ass, I traveled with them once with the line ship, so obnoxious.
(Greece) Oh man so many times to pick from
It's mostly the athenian one in the media, except from Cyprus of course, where they use their own
We are first at something
You should go to Turkey
Especially the Junta
We oficially lost independence when the Romans came - the battle of Corinth in 146 BC marks the beginning of Roman domination
Welcome to club
Are you high on drugs mate
Btw, according to the custom, anything Santa related (for Greek orthodox christianity that's Saint Basil of Caesarea), is also moved up to New Year's Eve instead of Christmas' Eve
They just don't care about ignorant *jokes from lidl* about Greece like yours
I'm Greek (duh, hence the flair) and my husband is American
The comments on the article prove that some people are so uneducated and ignorant.
Im not that informed on the matter so if someone could tell me how long they stayed up there and if it was a decent amount of time, how were they fed and basically taken care of ?
Thanks komsu <3
Italy, Spain and Serbia
Greece belong to Southern Europe
Yay we are first
> there are 18 cases in total, I think no European language has more
It's okay,  no offense taken
Probably Georgios Papadopoulos, head of the military junta that ruled Greece for seven years in the 20th century
why tho
No idea where it originated though
many taxis also got one
Yes
What do you think my fellow dark souls funs ??
If you think that the economy is the issue that you need to campaign on in Turkey i think you are wrong.
Strange to appear in Bosnia
To 8ema einai to emeis to xrhsimopoioume anapoda Kai oxi opws to e8ese o OP
It's fair, but like why keep staring throughout our stay at the cafe (?), it didn't seem we were bothering anyone
[At least we've learned from the past]
You reminded me when I was doing my mandatory army duty in Cyprus.
[Check here] to grasp the image - it's from a traditional festival (we call them 'panigyri' in Greek), one of the many that occur every day throughout the island (and Greece in general) in the summer.
What were the other times you being there
There are more Greek Restaurants in the UK alone, than British Restaurants in the rest of the world
It's a very interesting situation
*N stands for the nice things in life
wow a post about Greece and only 1/5 of the comments are about our debt i love this community
I'm also glad because I really like the idea of a European Union
There will by music and loud conversations
That would be great
how is thessaloniki less developed
guinea fowl (φραγκόκοτα) = Franks' chicken
I never took seriously anything he ever said or taught after that
Of course I'll mention the ancient Greeks influencing the Western culture, languages, architecture, sciences, philosophy, astronomy, mathematics etc
Of course we do, I personally try to avoid big logos since I'm not a walking advertisement and they are probably not appropriate for formal occasions but other than that
The 2nd in the 2nd grade of Primary, Junior High and High School
Γατα which means cat in Greek and is pronounced Gata with the g pronounced like the ll in tortilla
Love it or hate it, Lasha Tumbai is iconic
Greek police is always armed,with hand guns
Also ,I dont want to sound bad ,but cmon ,Qatar doesnt care about football and football doesnt care about Qatar
BTW Blin is Russian pancake , right
Nothing, in Greece the state provides the students with the textbooks that the professors choose to use for their courses.
You are more anti-Slavomacedonian than they are anti-hellenic.
Well, the nature of democracy and the limited attention span of the average voter usually favor better talking, not better action, and the political market has been slowly adjusting to this for decades.
Ποια μοίρα με ζηλεύει
Βασικά ειπες ταφφο με 2 φ.
Thanks
I agree
Acting in porn =/= whoring yourself out
You can stay at Norwegian mountains without a T-shirt!
I started to write abouth that and then my mind for some reason wandered off
It is generally expected that you start thinking about marriage only after the ages of 28-30
Where do we draw the line
Upvoted for portraying the EU as a bull Spain is trying to fight!
I don't think that's because everything else was bad (I would remember if that was the case), but probably because I didn't get to try anything memorable
What's the problem really
you keep Cosntanople and let us have our land back and finally have our own Republic in Pontus.
He is turning into sadam hussein, not really cute.
Will check them out later
No it’s for us to swim away from you more quickly
The one was beheading inside the church
I'm afraid they're going to have a bad time in Turkey
and what about the "nato" politics since 98 and after?
The length of each period varies; first is 45 mins, 2nd is 50, 3rd is 45, 4th to sixth are 40 amd 7th is thirty, though that might not be true for each school
Πού μένεις ; Διότι εγώ οταν κοιτάω έξω απο το παράθυρο στη Θεσσαλονίκη και στην Αθήνα βλέπω απλα μαύρες κατεστραμμένες πολυκατοικίες και σκατά δρόμους.
well i live in Greece so the place is pretty much filled with tourist sites, if it wasn't for school trips i would have never visited the museum of my town, the Akropolis, the ancient Athenian agora and other ancient stuff
Dutch confirmed to be descended from beavers
Well we are so awful in football in the last years so it's not like we will even take part there anyway so
I think the rule is Greeks can argue with each other about the Crisis, but when another  European tries to join the conversation, people shift uncomfortably in their seats and just stop talking or start attacking the poor EU citizen for intervening
I figured, but it misses half of Europe (Portugal, Scandinavia, British Islands and half of Balkans).
What is upsetting is that they don't even try to conceal their bullshit yet people still fall for it.
Yes and a pretty one actually
Pure milk is awesome
How many ketchups would one need to buy
please
Leaks from a preliminary report a couple of weeks ago sent bond yields spiking and the euro lower as figures suggested that the country would see an ‘explosive’ increase in its debt levels in the coming decades, reminding Europe of Greece's debt crisis and even the possibility of "Grexit."
For example, I love Moussaka but NEVER order it at restaurants (unless I know the restaurant in my neighborhood is good) because there are 2 things that go wrong: 1) the mince meat in moussaka is so 'hidden' under layers of other things that they can use all the leftover meat from other things (bolognese sauce for pasta, leftover cooked beef etc) and 2) eggplants take A LOT of oil to cook, and it is not affordable to use good olive oil in restaurants
Wow, what an interesting family
KKE ML (KKE Marxist Leninist)
Don't know how to them make to become friends
Al-Nusra was his pet project for the first few years of the War and possibly still are.
This phrase is actually a misquote (perhaps the most famous greek misquote) from the movie Η Χαραυγή της Νίκης (Dawn of Victory) of 1971
Marcus(Markos) could be, though I've got no idea.
Yes, actually
Cause you are the outcome of all that and from what it looks from here it didn't turn bad at all.
In my comment I didn't oppose the naming.
• "Giorgos is here" would be "**Ο Γιώργος** είναι εδώ" (Nominative)
The guy fucking hates Serbia for some reason, just ignore him.
Forcing us to deal with it alone on the other hand...not nice at all.
Now followed by this
.if Greece spent 10-20 billion euros in that same time period like other countries of similair size there likely would be no crisis(or at least smaller crisis).
No, I don't think we have any such tradition
I tried it with German, and people would be anxious to help me and instantly switch to English
e.g. "I'm going to the place"
Konstantinos->Kostas/Kostis
I can't stand the [concrete hell] that is Athens
Italy
Especially young children that would go out by themselves in other countries, like 9-10 year olds, don't go alone to school but rather by schoolbus (private schools) or the parent drives them there
The more people understand that then less corruption will exist.
I have, ever since I acquired the vocabulary for this subject, defined myself as [agnostic atheist] The fact of the matter is that not even the most ardent believers *know* if there's "something out there", they simply have faith one way or another
I have a heavy Cretan accent
Sometimes it works, sometimes the result is extremely pretentious
Salutes to our Romanian, Serbian, Albanian, Macedonian, Bulgarian and Serbian brothers, btw, Balkans rule in this thread
as a bilingual it happens when i don't expect to hear my own language and i manage to identify a word and feel dumb
It is really one of the things that *really* amazes me in human history.
Bro I'm a communist I'm as far from a nationalism as it gets
What's going on
Parents here and the society in general pressure you to not proceed with making a family before you mature enough, figure out what you're gonna do in life and/or find a stable income
They didn't "took the country back".
Turkey, 2
Thank you
I think I wouldn't have a problem with German when it comes to travelling
Hadn't realised just how hilly Central Wales is until I cycled through it, was deadly
Is Greece not included because the scale doesn't go into the negatives ?
I think it was Kublai Khan who got all of it
The Germanderie (Χωροφυλακή)  was merged with City Police (Αστυνομία Πόλεων) to became Greek Police (Ελληνική Αστυνομία), which is not a military body
[Here] is another painting with that flag
He is the living embodiment of a strawman Right-winger and an unmitigated jerk to boot.
However the Francophone world is much larger, and he's popular there, so his Twitter follower counter is higher than that of people who are popular mainly in Greece.
Prager's niece is gay married, [he is not against gay marriage] etc.
It was also dubbed into Bulgarian and aired in Bulgaria between 2000 and 2010
Kapodistrias was the one who introduced the Greeks to potatoes
All the older women in my family recall it fondly
The UK has been the Mecca of capitalism.
Nop and after i started high school I just left all the *useless* books below my desk
Typical communist party, used to be pro Soviet Union, now embracing euroscepticism
Some Americans think that Belgium is a city, others think that it is Bulgaria
Because I've seen that too
I teach straight guys to say the same thing , if they want to sleep with me and still call themselves straight
The CHP panders to nationalists everytime.
because if ghosts are really our energy then i just assume that everything we are must be part of them also (the logical concept i guess)
There are no Greeks in Bozcaada and Gokceada.
Not only in parties, but also when people are going to clubs,bars etc many people are drinking in order to have fun and to enjoy the feeling of drunkenness, not to the point that they can't walk, but to the point that they experience a feeling of euphoria
In against it
But if these attacks happen on a weekly/monthly basis as the muslim population rapidly grows in Europe then Western society will fall.
Do you feel safe writing that comment on reddit
Karaiskakis,proud member of /r/2balkan4you
For example there are roads in rural ares that they are okay  [
Germany: 130 advised
I came here to say "world".
Most people have not heard of either, neither of them seems to do anything -- also "Central European Initiative" gives 101,000 hits while "Black Sea Economic Cooperation" gives 142,000 hits.
Oh,you too
I believe Trabzon to be a rather European city in Turkey
Shame EU as a whole didnt do anything all these decades but opted to let Greece protect its borders alone
This might seem silly but its actually important
Are you sure about that
Or as Turks call it Monday
The name definitely is Greek but I don't know what it means, I googled it and apparently the Greeks that colonized that place (from phocaea) had a habit of starting the names of cities with Massa but thats it
Pita is the Greek word for burek
What's your point on them keeping their surnames however they wanted?
We have the [King's Pie]( in Greece on or after New Years eve.
I felt so nice being able to understand some Spanish when I was in Spain thanks to my Italian and I feel so sorry I quit studying German when I was younger because it seemed very difficult
Alexander the Great, who conquered everything from Egypt to modern Pakistan
We should be critical where we need to be critical.
I don't know what's the deal with them tbh
Turkey: "How do I activate my genitals
We call it
This song is gross and disgusting,  but him being a shitty person, doesn't mean that he deserved to be killed
When you elect you basically take a gamble to see if they will actually keep their word
The boarders of his heart is as much as Ottoman empire reached .
[Source]
Who in their right mind buys / drinks Heineken?
Χίλια - ένα
But if you want to go to a beautiful island, that has an amazing ambience, is riddled with greek culture and all that sort, go to [Spetses] for example, it's imo one of the best islands but very little know about it
1921, at one moment Greece has territories in Turkey including Constantinople, and in the next the Allies in WW1 switch sides helping Turkey re take all of their land in minor asia back kicking out the Greeks in the process
Erdogan is the greatest enemy of turkey exactly because he attacks Kemal's secular ideals
Congrats
For after all, Otto was King of the Hellenes
Why do you believe that it is not very healthy
So we go to the rescue
Depends how you define independence.
I seriously canàt understand why it attracts so many Erasmus students
I am sure you have a bunch of ready made phrases of how the EU has oppressed the UK so I won't argue about the benefits you would ignore.
I think that in my country you are obliged to be vaccinated in order to go to school
I hope we as EU can build a better relationship with USA now
&#x200B;
Ο νόμος λέει πως έχεις δικαίωμα να μην πληρώσεις, δεν σου δίνει το δικαίωμα να πάρεις το προιόν και να φύγεις.
The ideas of the Englightenment played a major role during the founding of the USA.
Since no one has done my country, here it is
Also we say something similar for greeding people and for cheers while drinking.
Generally the 70s, 80s & 90s are the most beloved decades in terms of Greek music here
Anywhere that is cold or has bad weather
One more reason I guess
If you want peace and quiet with a healthy nightlife then Naxos.
They're all part of the resurgence of the right
I get that the mentally ill card has been played a thousand times before, but this guy was on meds.
The natinhas though are quite different from any other, and also they're always hot as they constantly bake them
So it's just Tetris in the background?
Either because of a foul mood or because he wanted to play a mean prank, Pan used to terrify mortals who would roam in the wilderness
no as far as i know our military police is only used in military bases and on border checkpoints
" for instance, and the word seismos is already pretty formal being archaic itself, it's why we also say seismology in Greek, instead of something like shakeology, which would be the more informal equivalent
[O Chrysoús Aión tou Perikléous] (Pericles' golden century)
Given the number of new arrivals, not for long
Oh did the new patch drop
As for Turkey protecting an independant state, protecting it from what exactly ? There was no and there is no independant state, Turkey created an occupied area by having its armed forces invading and displacing civilians (to put is as politely as possible)
Not the Northern part
[This] doesn't look like a shotgun to me.
Even shitty Kalamata olives are good
The Greek way
It's not that I don't care about the situation in Cyprus,but if you think that Greece and Cyprus are somehow the same thing you're wrong.We are 2 different countries,so if you want to say that to someone,say that to a Cypriot not me.
For summer anything less than 22⁰C or so is cold
Yes, Eastern Europe was full of Germans pre-WW2.
I am all in for the creation of new languages especially in times like these where globalization makes it all the more difficult for them to sprout
This wasn't the Ottoman empire we're talking about
And then they were like; hmmmmm you know what no, do it in APA
the gospel of st schaeuble when its going to be released?
The erasmian accent, despite Erasmus' valiant efforts, is still largely a way for *foreigners* to pronounce ancient Greek, since it ignores elements that survive until today, while the reconstructed ancient accent is easier for Greeks to pronounce instead
Politicians basically took out fraudulent loans on government friendly banks.
The actual effects of Brexit may be uncertain, but at least for the time being the forecast is kinda [optimistic] If you don't like the word, just keep in mind that *nothing is falling apart* as most people in this sub were predicting in the post-referendum paranoia.
Don't think so, Finno-Ugric is, I think, generally regarded as an Uralic language, while Mongols and Turkic peoples are Altaic, from the Altai range, which would be farther in East central Asia.
Yeah but mostly because people are unprepared, there's ways to cope even in those temps
He also mentioned in a Q&A that he's not counting the word "the", for obvious reasons.
I didn't even mentioned the word "Serbia", I said Yugoslavia
I'm guessing the Vatican is not included, from what I read it's like a city state but it's treated more like an autonomous region
One exception I can think of are taxi drivers
[Found her camping
Why don't you play with the nighbour's kid
Cold: -1°C-5°C
but almost all Americans seem to think goat is weird
-Amalia
απόκοσμος (apókosmos), something that doesn't relate or doesn't come from our world, but from another one, smth mysterious, strange or heavenly and wonderful
Most young people don't drink ouzo
Tbh every entry after 2014 is just a waste of resources
I spent almost half my day on Reddit
Apparently **that**'s coming over here as well
and [Green Cola] which is a cola type drink but with Stevia instead of sugar, i think it's become international and is being sold in a few other european countries now
FIFY
\- Καμένα Βούρλα(kamena vurla) = Burned bulrushes , but bulrush is metaphorically (and most commonly) used as 'stupid', so overall it translates like 'burned stupid people'
I've been told that my standard Greek accent sounds better, but sometimes I can't shake the uneasiness when it starts sounding like a port barker (those yelling "rooms to let" when you get off a ferry in most Greek islands)
nice to hear that, thanks for clearing that up for me
4 tésera
Having no friends over
after that either alone or with other kids/ guys
If anyone is in denial, it's some Turks here who are desperate to appear more European.
Generally it pushes for austerity measures even though they keep not working
Eat at home
No one is the beacon of democracy and liberty.
I was living in the dark all this time
I'm under the impression that the median rent price for Athens isn't accurate.
Maybe fried dough balls called Loukoumades
Look all these retarded ppl that think this is something good
When you say Indian so you mean Hindi
I've never been to the US but I know that the standard coffee there is drip coffee, and hell, I would need seven cups a day to keep awake if I could only drink drip coffee
3 or 4 maybe
But I experienced the exact same thing in the US
As far as I know no
I totally agree about Polish pierogi
I however don't speak or understand greek at all unfortunately.
Also due to more advanced scientific knowledge available, there will be less prejudices and false/ unscientific  beliefs better technology
Hahah shit
Not gonna lie, "vi vi" is the stupidest sound a sheep could make
There are none - we don't share the same alphabet, let alone roots
Germany basically controls all of Europe
Nazi Germany had no cultural issues?
Τπτ
Britain > Netherlands > Germany > Austria > Italy etc
1800- Bursa (Prussa)
* [National Museum of Contemporary Art] (2000)
Maybe that's where the confusion comes from.
Well babystep terror and big time Stalin terror are both still terror.
Central heat
I believe that Thessaloniki and mostly northern Greece are in better conditions
hahahaha we basically use "kalo kouragio" in the exact same way "I feel kinda bad about you but at least it's not me"
[Rebetiko] is a music style that uses Bouzouki and Baglamas
But most of it would be flat
He was recommending Greece does not need debt relief.
"You're in a Jewish temple, with Christian architecture and Muslim decoration
I mean, as most point out, I think it's quite usual among metalheads, and I've seen some non-metalheads maintaining a man bun as well, but overall, I don't think it's that common
Well, actually, EU free movement doesn't cover all the people in the world.
Also do you feel more connectd with other European coutries or with Asia or with Africa
Just say what you actually plan to do, makes things easier for everyone involved
I don't believe that Germany has an obligation towards Greece but towards the refugees and immigrants.
The vast majority don't really know it other than phrases and some words
Cats are also theorized to have assisted the first humans in Fertile Crescent to create large farms and store the food safely due to cats killing all the rats and other rodents that threatened the food.
No idea where it originated though
You know that movie with Voutsas and Moustakas playing two almost illiterate rich men
[This one] I guess (yeah I know it's not a greek flag in the traditional term)
At least my region ( Attica)  is blue
who didnt expected that the "anti fake news" site will push for their agendas?
I hope there's something the rest of us can do if you need help
Like, really scary
"Meanwhile, Greek corruption has expanded to offset the corruption deficit caused by Romania."
Aside from the past, history, heritage and all that shit which we are fiery and proud about, the danger with the name of Macedonia is that in the future it can "claim more" on the Greek side.
You need someone who knows how to cook meat properly /s
If you don't pay they can fail you for virtually anything
#*FUCK*
The actual quote doesn't say "Οι Γερμανοί είναι φίλοι μας" but "Μας αγαπάνε οι Γερμανοί, σαν φίλοι έρχονται" (The Germans love us, they come as friends)
It's still November wtf are you doing
China and India destroy the environment
Don't be so arrogant because it's fucking disgraceful.
I claim that news about a place that is inside the European continent belong in /r/europe .
I've got a friend in Odense and he said there hasn't been snow there since 2016, kinda odd to me considering I'm from a supposedly hot country and we get snow every year where I live (this year doesn't count cause it's globally cursed lol)
Taken all these facts together I can tell you are a typical racist Dutch asshole.
God I physically cringed
Not sure
Firstly, not all members may not have participated in the murder but almost all of them had committed crimes
There are many things that I would like to be different in it, but it's a start
That's the price you pay for McDonald's.
or Germany
It's a bit morbid :P
It's logical to give them that Serbian part and the rest of Kosovo remains as it is.
Kinda reminds me of the walking dead
Warm: 31°C-34°C
Apparently **that**'s coming over here as well
Does it replace a function which was done by a person?
Can't go lower
Greeks don't hate them either nor like them tbh
Yeah, let's give more fuel to Albanian nationalism, that should be great for the Balkans.
I loved that show
6 èxi
Αμερικανάκι/Amerikanáki: Refers to the gullible/dumb American stereotype, because back during the time of the brothels and cabarets of Troumba in Pireas, the American sailors on shore leave would be swindled by translators that acted like barkers for cabarets and brothels, which in turn would promptly relieve them of their money
"Pay debts" Like damn bro it's 2020 it's been a while since the crisis and every country is in debt
We make jokes about it but most people here love it
We would also ordered many foods and drink alcohol galore and we would drunk alcoholic drinks
>  also Croatia only we can do that
It's truly fascinating what you guys achieved
STEM degrees study abroad all the time.
There was a time when we had two leading parties (still do, just different ones)
Omg
Austria and Turkey were on the same side in WW1 surely
mostly playing football
The last Byzantine emperors called themselves "Emperor of Romans and Greeks" or something like that
I’m curious, how did these people feel about loosing the war
They might give you cancer
* [Acropolis Museum] (2009)
I think that would be better in all aspects, because until now the history has proven that the societies are evolving and developing with ups and downs of course ( based on quality of life, wars, mortality ate, goods that a person is able to buy, engineering, technology, medicine and generally scientific discoveries etc)
Everything is extremely expensive for absolute no reason
Can we start the war on Monday please, I am going out for clubbing tonight
I remember a British aquaintance had to explain to me that when he said "this is very interesting" he meant exactly the opposite
But I don't get this "illyrian heritage" stuff because there's no proof of it
I remember the term Αγία Ρωμαιοκαθολική Αυτοκρατορία (Holy Roman-Catholic Empire) from school
I personally don't want Enosis.It isn't necessary,we are 2 different countries.
oh well
Medieval text are easier still to understand at least get a general idea
Once I couldn't hold it and I had to ask the station manager if they had a toilet
Germany: 130 advised
Athens
Why are you gay
Every small shop owner by Turkish-origin Germans
But I agree with you t , because the class is biased towards Christianity and it gives more emphasis on it , but at least it is not compulsory
It was never a free pass (I don't know where you are getting your info).
A hero has many different meanings and he should have wondered what does a hero means before making that question
I personally don't give a shit if Turks are fascists or Kemalists or whatever.
It sounds like a mixture of Macedonian, Bulgarian and Serbian
Κοίτα η αλήθεια να λέγεται, τα σοβαρά πανεπιστήμια είναι Αθήνα/Θεσσαλονική με εξαίρεση κάποιες σχολές, πχ το Βιολογικό της Κρήτης είναι το καλύτερο από ότι έχω ακούσει.
Oh don't you worry, I'm reporting in Rhodes in 2 weeks :|
Pretty much
Why
In the south and east you must specify the type you want, there is no "plain black coffee".
If we were to get really pedantic, there is a word with ancient origin but used in modern ([ατθίς] that was that combination of consonants
*does anyone know what happens to female cats and birds
That it is a phonemic language
So Pasok fails to reach a deal so ND comes back accepting the terms and the economy improves a bit then Syriza comes in and fucks everything up but eventually doing everything ND was doing anyway
He was English of Cypriot descent,btw your comment is kinda unnecessary
Well, he definitely picked the right job with a surname like that lmao
You're just told of some bad things the junta did and that's it
In the last national elections  the parties that entered the parliament were
You can go out on a Saturday night and the only wasted people you'll see are tourists
Suburbs are lit
Trabzon = Τραπεζούντα = Trapezounta
It's only for the big 3 who took ages to put some fucking fiber on the ground
You will have quite some raiding to do
I strongly believe that after taking an active stance on the war against ISIL (arming the peshmerga), the Syrian civil war (supporting the rebels), the war in Afghanistan and after saying that refugees are welcome to come, Germany should take (and actually has) the share of refugees/immigrants that come from those spots where she is active.
Colder countries consume more meat and fat-heavy diets, whereas mediterranean countries have some of the most healthy and balanced diets
Anything by Sin Boy, Snik, TUS, Vera Lamprou, Derek Leontis, Konnie Metaxa, Popi Malliotaki, the singers from the Annita Pania's shows etc
Everybody in Greece is really familiar with Γεώργιος, Αθανάσιος, Μιχαήλ etc
Sometimes it's called as one of the most ugliest cities in Europe
I think you have a great time in Karpathos!
Don't live close to any one of those
Which of the four
You know, you should really look into investing in spaces between words.
Oh and he was a raving communist
pizza = pizza (obv
The "[Koskotas Scandal] was and still is a big scandal
But but but but what about those 5 guys that broke a shop window, that should be in the headlines
This caused a domino effect with new cases seeing the light of day almost daily from sports, tv, theatre etc, both sexes too
But I have to ask why do you think that
Turkish food is really nice
Because you played AC:Origins
Your second, rarely used, expensive, heavily taxed, luxury car or the one you rent for a couple days?
Another good example is "How are you
Why didn't you ask for receipts?
I haven't seen any for almost 3 weeks now
What
calling janissaries loyal is like calling child suicide bombers today loyal
do you have any evidence that you can give that can exclude greenland or russia?
Yes I was thinking about the Russian countries.
Yes but do these people have NO SHAME
Greek culture is eating baklava and drinking coffee
I've seen [this video] with all the different greek dialects and it had two based in Italy
What is that dash in front of some temperatures for
but you will never see mixed meats
I always found it interesting how little murder there is in Southern Europe considering how hot-blooded and hard-headed we are.
Athens City Hall was lit with the colors of the Turkish flag on Monday evening in memory of the victims of the terror attack in Istanbul
Even shitty Kalamata olives are good
That's awesome lol
Very few English-speaking courses and learning greek is out of the question, so
Greece is different to the post-communist Balkans thanks to having access to the Marshall funds
&#x200B;
I remember my visit in Istanbul many years ago and, in particular, the welcoming climate
Or that, at least, they are not so common in Europe, because I do have enjoyed a cold coffee in Montreal, Canada, and I was just reading that they are pretty popular in the US too
-How dare you have a lover, Virna
You dont have to claim through warfare, when based on name, you can claim on products and services.
Παρόλα αυτά, πτυχίο παίρνεις από όλα, οπότε μετράει.
Thank you all for not letting our country die, I guess
The Privatising Industry in Europe
We also have the proper name for Souvlaki
The way he continuously talks shit, one would think that he [fell on his head and has his balls crushed]
Let's see if there are more Turkish spammers than people interested in the picture here, check the downvotes/upvotes
Sometimes they pay me my salary
This sucks so much man .Its gonna be December here and honestly watching the world cup in summer is the best thing ever
I can only think of the extra right
Do you admit that your ancestors were enslaving people from all over the Mediterranean, that Turks/Ottomans tried to depopulate the Greek islands through enslavement and massacres, do you admit that Turks committed a genocide that they don't even recognize?
>Jeux Sans Frontieres
I'd say that I don't particularly like the way it sounds and how non-discriptive it can sometimes be, but I like that it's super easy to use and it flows well
Wait, the washing eggs part is a regulation
Europe shouldn't only work when some countries (yes i'm looking at the visegrad group) are in a good mood
Maybe if you brigade this place enough we'll all pretend the Armenian Genocide didn't happen.
Oh yeah, I was never that person myself
Ex-communistic
EU officials do not communicate what needs to be done to the Turkish people.
The waiters get paid dirt cheap to begging with you might as well tip them a Euro
> While his efforts were valiant and advanced the understanding of how our ancestors spoke back then, Greek scholars have reconstructed a pronunciation that is closer to how the ancient tongue was spoken
In Greece is really common to just send a kid (like 12 yrs old) down the corner store or kiosk to pick up a few cold ones for the adults.
In my experience most people mostly use their car to go to work and back, to the grocery store and back etc.
8 οκτώ (okto)
This is not how EU works and this is not a way to solve this problem
half of the total greek population lives in Athens Metropolitan Area
did i say anything about a population exchange?
as I was honing my english skills I noticed that 90% of the lyrics is about girls who betray guys and stuff like that
8% of the world tanker fleet
We can analyze as much as you want the civil war but the result is and will be the same, Greece not a country with communism.
I think you are talking about subcultures of american culture, and i believe u see more diversity in cities.
Was going to say exactly this
I am completely fascinated by norilsk, it is one of the most interesting cities i've ever read about
What happened
Also I may be a bit but biased since I dont live in a huge city (Larisa) and McDonalds only opened last year, it wasn't that big of a deal tbh
I was talking about the modern one tbh since the previous ones were never "Greece", it wasn't even that much of a concept in ancient times
All of my grandparents died in WWII except one, my Grandpa
There are a few that I like
and stop the scaremongering, guardian
I'm not saying we need them, but it would be a really nice touch
Actual butter or vitam(margarine)
These people will leave in a second if a better opportunity arises, not saying they will .
Because they get upvotes in r/greece if they say so, and they do 24/7
What's that like
The term came to meaning "traitor" during the occupation because collaborators would wear hoods when identifying suspects
Shut up Enceladus or I m sending Athena again and this time she wont throw the mountain on your head, she will shove it
&#x200B;
i guess i'd like to meet my grandpa young but i can either meet him before he becomes 17 or late 20s without getting in ww2
Η υπόλοιπη Ελλάδα είναι irrelevant
Condoms money and no girlfriend/boyfriend at home.
>Jeux Sans Frontieres
No one just keeps tsipouro in their bedside table unless they are expecting friends over for drinks, but again tsipouro isn't popular amongst young people
Yes, same reason too
"If Europe continues this way, no European in any part of the world can walk safely on the streets.
maybe it’s just because i’m not religious
Greeks as well, any Christians really
Just like every other socialist country
Even if I won't ever live in Italy, I still want to find time and money in order to spend a couple of months travelling from Aosta Valley and Piedmont all the way down to Calabria, Apulia and Sicily
They are fucking pests, if she loves them so much then she can take them in her house, I don't like going out of my house and smelling cat shit nor do I like toxoplasmosis
I visited it as part of a class trip back in elementary, but ever since, I have only been there once, for a stroll in the parking lot because of the view
Just have to play some online games with slavic/polish people.
Free markets, sensible cultural conservatism, fiscal responsibility etc.
Well, I don't disagree in spirit but...
The word Μαλακα
Just send strongly worded letters instead, that will work !
In tavernas we always order too much ( I mean you would too with the great food that they serve)
people think that austerity is a choice, and that you can get a "good" leader who will say NO to austerity and magically the economy will spring back up, and all benefits will be restored
You have to keep in mind that Pontioi were not only the Greek speaking Pontioi, there are Russian Pontioi, Georgian etc
Italian, French and Swedish
Why does Macedonia get to keep its flag, also Anatolia belong to the Greeks or we can share it with armenbro
"Dada" with an emphasis on the a's kind of like saying yes in Slavic languages back to back
I love so much that the cat is on her lap
Metaxas
Well it is better than the country I am currently living in
Acropolis definitely
Fuck the pencil
While you are distracted Greece will invade you with [melomakarona]
The streets are generally clean, much better than what I expected (I expected something like Leeds or Sheffield)
Both Albion and Britain are Greek words I think, right
In Greece,there are almost non existent or they are doing a really bad work, representing their sect.
I swear Will Smith is also an actual black Smith
So, black are more popular
Trust me I doubt it's self umposed
There's nothing mysterious about that penis
I like the islands but I'm more into mainland scenery tbh
Yeah, it's quite embarrassing tbh, you have a total shit song not even you would vote for and you still get the maximum points just because you're related
You talk about the average citizen
Countries won't.
Interesting
I had a medical circumcision in my teenage years and it was so painful, it took me about a month to stop feeling that pain
I choose whether i want to keep drinking or not.
• "Call Giorgos" would be "Τηλεφώνησε σ**τον Γιώργο**" (Accusative)
Depending on the grade, you can have feom 5 up to 7 hours of lessons each day, and maybe 8 or 9 in music high school and private schools
and Dutch bachelor parties in Antwerp who pee against the cathedral.
Switzerland, just for the chaos of the lost money of pretty much everyone rich enough in this continent
Fancy that
When I was I School we had two types of mandatory literature, which I think they still have
Preveza: They like sardine
just
It's mainly a geographical term
Poortugal confirmed again :(
The city was created by joining the few villages and towns of the area by Cassander who married Thessaloniki and controlled Macedonia after Alexander's death, in 315 BC
In cuisines across Mediterranean octopus is cooked with a side of vinegar to ensure its dead
It's like a Cretan trying to speak Italian.
Wait, the UK fought in the Greek Civil War
What you said about the economy is probably true and further proves my point
Sure, one or two generations had it all, but guess how many more are being (and will keep getting) fucked because of this "golden era".
While anti-gay lawmaking is certainly objectionable...
It was Budapest, because it reminded me of Prague
No you bigot, I didn't support anyone.
No problem
Damn dude, this is us too
The idea is that many states between the coasts can balance the situation.
I have some knowledge of Belgrade's history, recently I learned more about a small tribe in the north.
Santorini and Mykonos both very beautiful islands but overrated because all of the islands are beautiful
I also like drinking chocolate milk
I would say it's more like a map of every european city that had solid history since 1400 till now
GIVE ME MY SOUVLAKI BACK YOU DAMN NORTH AMERICANS!
Poor economic management
I noticed that the source that you sent me is norwegian
You need a 'mainstream' candidate who will say no to Merkels immigration plans if you want to avoid the rise of FN.
Now i find your comment wholly offensive.
"Πᾶς χρόνου ἀστέρες σοί λάμψουσιν έπί τῆς Εὐρώπης Ηνωμένης."
I'm sorry for my previous tirade, next time I'll exclude facts to make it easier for you to defend your insane position
If you dont already have some left from a previous medication and yolo it on your own, other than that, I am not quite sure how the prescription from doctor works (illegal or not), it seems it really easy to go buy on your own.
Prices are fixed for everyone, and if the owners don't comply the tax agency would be more than happy to have a word with them
1907-1915: Russia before the Revolution, in color.
Unfortunately , nationalism was made in europe and is deeply rooted in the way we think, hence our terrible wars.
It's an installment in return for further "reforms",taxes,cuts,privatisations as it is agreed in the 3d bailout package.
I distinctly recall signs when new station were being built
Someone should do an Athens one
Better to split your time between Schengen and non Schengen areas.
Around April when I kept saying to people that it doesnt make sense to blame Chi-na for this, but your governments, people kept going on about how they hid stuff etc
[The picture was made here lol]
So is the Albanian and Bulgarian border.
Don't forget the pastries
I didn't put the blame on a specific side.
Usually drug dealer park is next to the station
We actually know where that temple is.
Plus German used a shiton of horses too.
That said Luxemburg is beautiful.
&#x200B;
I first encountered the word Prussia in a joke
The LSD Lofi-girl
Well ok, it"s pretty accurate, but here the most left parties are called, universally (at least in my country) what they actually are: communist, not socialist
~~You forgot the Vatican, just saying
When you say Indian so you mean Hindi
They never seem to notice
Cyprus: We all just kinda assume that your are in Greece
This gets re-posted once every 2 months and 50% of the comments are bashing Greece like this poll represents the opinion of every single Greek person on Earth.
By far
George Chouliarakis, the Alternate Minister of Finance, said “the vast majority of issues’” with the country’s creditors have been agreed upon, including market and financial sector reforms, as well as in the areas of health, education and tax collections.
Whenever someone drops a kebab in Germany, the German embassador to Turkey is summoned.
Thanks for the insight :)
Because I've seen that too
I definitely agree with this view of Europe tbh
What i know is that PJW keeps covering these videos.
Why should European countries take sides and participate in Yugoslavian wars?
Destroying our city centres by increasing densities was a conscious, though unfortunate, decision.
While we wouldnt wish them to drown, it really gets to me the way the whole process is handled.
I hope this is a joke i just didn't get.
edit: Guys I am also against fascism, I am not sure why my comment was downvoted
At first thought, I would in that case make it look like [this] extending the Common Travel Area downwards, and making room for UK under the EU Customs Union.
Are potatoes supposed to be expensive
Κεφάλι, ώμοι, γόνατα και δάχτυλα.
Especially in 2010-2015 we were the biggest laughing of Europe and also the most hated European country and then people started to get the impression that Greece is like Venezuela or Syria which is not true
One of my relatives had the machine who makes ozonated water, i remember the taste wasn't much different from the tap water
- Athens lifestyle is more tense and it's more usual to come across tense people
i know her view might be seen as offensive but it's cool to see the mind of an old conservative Cretan Greek lady who only believes what facebook tells her
Κώς(Kós) island which is one syllable
The privatisation deal go stuck in limbo when Tsipras was elected.
Well here in Greece we see them every now and Again, we Also  see about the syrian refugees and such fairly often
Much much better, much cheaper and you know the source
I mean marshmallow fluff
The first King of Greece was Austrian
Vallahades were present only in Macedonia, in the Peloponnese and the islands the Turks that were killed were Turkish settlers.
And the eu central bank (which is too independent to be so powerful in my opinion) basically has the power to hold hostage every members economy, sound like a system that is not very democratic
> Farmer
Typical conservatives, pro free economy, pro European
They are some of the most patriotic Greeks I've ever seen
There's a lot, but the most common is
What about Portugal
Bro, I can't even afford to be mad
Sounds similar to what I was about to say about Greek
I agree with this
Even the name Macedonian of their language hasn't any real historical meaning  because they signed that it is a Slavic language
•world
There were 35 chapters they should comply with to enter the EU.
395 -1461 AD Byzantine Empire & Trebizond (Not sure if they Count), Subdued by the Ottomans,
You are a Turkish Ultra-nationalist that also claims the genocides of Armenians and Greek christians by muslim Turks was justified due to them "Revolting".
>Steps begin when you are from some rural parts in the south east where they are very religious and closed-minded
* Our [maritime border with Turkey] I won't get too much into that because I've missed some of the newer updates, but it's a topic that I constantly see trending
Another one is "Ρε, αυτά δε θα γίνονταν με Χούντα!" (Hey, that would happen with the Junta
Many Greek inventions are now being used in everyday life
or maybe it's just popular in my town
The Pike and Shot Era is considered a "golden" age as well.
To add salt in the wound, the colloseum was in the [logo]
A brief explanation is that the Simitis government cooked the books with currency swaps changing the real debt so Eurostat was brought in by the EU to take over and they are still there today
Do you have any source
In fact, mod
I've always found it weird
Okay but our gdp per capita was also increased very much from 2000 to 2008
PragerU is a conservative project.
As someone raised in NY and living in Greece right now, just seeing the responses here makes a lot more sense to me
How is Signal better
There is an english wikipedia article on him so you can see some more infos
- Because of the permanent teachers and the lack of evaluatuon many teachers dont do their jobs properly or at all
The suburbs are nice though
Do you remember this French Cartoon?
Hopefully one day women will rule the world.
I would like to live there, the only problem is that maybe some people may believe in some stereotypes about where I come from
Italian cuisine=you cover the light flavors,  fatty cuisine=you enhance the flavors and cut through the fat
As long as we keep working together the European Union will get better and stronger
I suspect it is the same issue for any two alphabets
The "president" then called Karamanlis, a politician who was prime minister before the junta, to return to the country and govern as a part of the junta
Not when the perpetrator is white
I mean, no matter whose you believe it's supposed to be, it is de facto Russian.
Δεν νομίζω. (I don't think so) :-/
But if you want to say "My favourite food is gyro" you would say "Το αγαπημένο μου φαγητό είναι ο γύρος" (my favourite food is gyros) with an "s".
Things like antisemitism and authoritarian governments were quite common back then.
To not make a mystery out of it, Ι think on the subject the same thing that the 2007 ECFR report [A Power Audit on EU-Russia relations] proclaims, namely that Greece is Russia's trojan horse inside the EU.
Well I think the Macedonian empire leans more to good but of course it was an empire how good could it be for the ppl they enslaved
I dislike most ancient Greek names, some are ok like Aristoteles or Alexandros but there are some really weird ones that just don't fit in with modern Greek
It is in no way incompatible with being atheist, however, the contrary in fact
My left or your left
Dead on the money
I'm here to remind everyone that we already have one cup
And most of the examiners are old and they are used to accepting the bribes
The election hopeful said in an interview with Les Echos that he would target €60bn in savings over five years and cut up to 120,000 civil service jobs while vowing at the same time to reinject €50bn into the eurozone’s second-largest economy.
I didn't got it in the beginning :(
I couldn't make a single word of it, save for the names
It's the time its taking the British government to do what the public demands.
Lol
Yeah I think it is a regional deference as well
Unless you're referring to the campaigns after ww1
Greece is about 22-26
Greece in 2021 will celebrate the 200 years since the Independence from Ottomans
everyday use and probably a part of the Greek language now
We had a blast
So meta
At that time, multiculturalism did not exist anywhere.
Fun fact taffo means grave in Greek
There is a stereotype that Scots are stingy , I don't know where it came from
People who litter make me sick, they're fucking degenerates
Prolly the Koskotas scandal
If you wanna wave at someone, just keep your fingers close
Other nationalities were not as keen
Everyone knows "Biontech" created it, although everyone calls it by its distributor "Pfizer" simply because it's an easier and shorter name
Hopefully, the silver lining from Trump's presidency is show us how much (or little) we need a Union.
In Switzerland we've read:
they are the norm
In Greece we do not renovate the roads but when we do we just patch some holes to become bigger in the next thunderstorm
I also like drinking it with cacao
To get out, he had to break the glass door with a chair
If it gets that bad I'm sure my proactive industrious belgians will buy them
Not to sound like a fedora tipping Atheist, but Poland is a contemporary example of a European nation where the church has managed to amass enough power to be influential
Yes, I do
I won't say much on that because it may come out as me hating on Americans which is not my intention
I think the pictures speak on their own
People of that generation didn't have to be so careful with money, so they find it hard to learn to do it in their 50s/60s.
Melting cheese
An LGBTQ activist who got locked inside a jewellery by an automated locking system
^(undskyld hvis jeg har lavet fejl, jeg lærer stadig:p)
In which the entirety of GB is a piece of cloth
Plus keep your friends close, your enemies closer?
he was harboring communists during the civil war (although he was right winger)
Also in the UK, a lot of younds wear casually pieces that are here regarded formal, like brogues, shirts, Oxford boot etc
Well technically yes but like, over the decades and the years this stopped being the case
I hate bringing up isolated cases and this shouldn't be regarded as a fact.
Apparently just a similar name
I don't share your optimism, Europe is doomed demographically.
Because it's 2020 and yet people in r/Europe have a boner for jobless inbreds that enjoy their privilege and power because happened to pop out the right vagina
There are several photos of the two leaders shaking hands but don't expect much from a sub that almost surpasses /r/politics in bias...
You can't expect the cognitive functions of a 65+ year old person to be at 100%. In my opinion many elderly drivers are an increased threat to themselves and other drivers/pedestrians
Looks like calla lily flower...
Never call someone's bullshit or never go against someone's beliefs, here people will defend their opinion like it's their home even if proven wrong
It's not even entirely purple are you even trying?
I think we had  English classes since first grade
It's a great alternative to more tourist-trap-y destinations in the neighborhood, since you can see similar sites and architecture (even at a smaller scale), while also enjoying a more relaxed holiday
Because context matters
Always awkward when they ask you how many times you've been to the beach
Yes ,we shouldn't ban art that ridicules religions but not because something worse might follow but rather because restricting freedom of speech itself has bad consequences on people/society
Yeah, the thread title is bullshit.
I love people blaming Cyprus
He plays the cretan cousin of *kemençe*, which might be interesting for you
Are these people on drugs?🤔Btw,the average person in Poland has seen more aliens than muslim immigrants,so we have another racist parade with the excuse "Europe is being Islamized"
Political youths in Athens' unis paint the buildings with slogans and litter it with posters, beat each other very often, and police can do nothing for all this
In Greek we call them "Υπερπροστατευτικους γονείς" =Overprotective parents
All of our neighbors
I didn't know you had kids, how old are they
How we all be truly equal when there are different people around?
Philosophy
"Prussia is 3,14 times bigger than Russia" cause ρωσία - πρωσία lol
I'll make sure to make up the difference by bringing some moussaka as well.
2 of them are both cultural and natural
Out of that, an average person might be able to save 50€ if they're lucky
[Original post] by /u/malehuman in /r/greece
I can hardly find a handful of libertarian, or even liberal, oriented people there.
That's a lie, I am going to come there to prove you wrong and I am going to bring evidence with me
Alexander the Great wasn't such a great guy
Bulgaria: Nah
Ancient Greece : Democracy and a lot of science-math-literature-art parts
Personally, I've carried a bag weighing about 8-10kg back and forth from school everyday for 11 years now
The place is a living pothole
I find myself cheering for Italy, Spain , Portugal often
Also the fact that it is a major destination for LGB
Do you also have waiting times
yeah it is kind of similar especially with the seasons that are centered around different characters like skins did with different episodes
That holded them off until the junta gave them a free pass to fully invade and massacre civies
Rock, disco and the usual Greek folk/entehno stuff
You are right the post is wrong
Cyprus' capital Nicosia is a much bigger difference though: English Nicosia vs
The majority of our top-notch tech is being made in Asia or in the US, and our energy comes from Russia or the middle East
Overall the heaviest load I remember putting in my backpack was around 3
For the US, the point of repealing NN was to allow big ISPs like Comcast to make their services super-fast and extort any competitors
And you are stuck with those that know they are not that valuable to find another job.
I mean,we get it Malta, you don't like muslims /s
idk there are greek words and then there are greek words that came from latin
Yes
We elected the first non-centrist populist useless PM.
Perhaps other than your superior education compared to us lowly southern plebs you also share the same kind of humor
My dream is to do the roadtrip again and include as many countries as possible
And all of these are just in the part of the Centre of the city
same with chinese being incomprehensible and greek being studied in school
Guys don't go to Psarrou, unless you want to come out with every bacteria known to man
I would die to live in a city like that, but I am stuck in Athens,which is not even close to anything in this map
We say Χεστρα (shitter)
Lol
The more you study US history the more you understand that the American political system is way more centrist than the European one.
It's rough though cause Greek has 5 vowels and English has like 89
When Venetians were ousted by the Ottomans, the name was turkified to Kandiye
She is a damn fine ship and maid, that's what she is
Now compare suicide rates
Athens is a grey concrete jungle
The area is known as Bouchari near Kozani, Greece
Cries in Greek
The point is that Greece was in a great position to use the cheap loans to build a solid economy but the government used all the cheap loans to buy votes and ruined the economy.
It's sad we will probably never make that list
Yes, I agree that many terrorists have embraced it
In the future at least 100 years after now, or even 1000 years
It does [exist] but not as "upper kolopetinitsa", it is "Tritaia" now and it is located in near Itea, Phocis
I've also noticed a lot of smokers when I visited Germany as well.
In the US though, there are 3 years old trans kids which is seriously extreme
They were wise enough to choose native speakers as my teachers
My feelings to his actions would be irrelevant when there is a legal process required to be followed.
0-12 they have unique names but the rest is combination of tens digit + units digit
Just pointing out that everyone else is fine with Russia...
Europe's Electricity Consumption by Country and Fuel Source
Not to say this is wrong, but you can find parallels between pretty much any two things if you really want to.
According to the our government back when we where demanding it the troika wouldn't let us cause of the odious debt thing we where throwing around, according to anyone else cause they would go to jail and loose their stolen wealth
Turkey
If something is sought after so much (eg Medicine) it will be hard getting in
chocolate milk - Milko
There would have been many more had the christians behaved themselves
I think the opposite, older Greeks trust of traditional media caused younger generation to mistrust it and prefer internet.
now repeat the poll but adding that the black/asian/muslim/jewish person is rich
You can almost feel his hated and enjoyment if not hedonism for such a dishonorable act.
I dont see anything on the site you linked about captured tanks.
Klephts behaved more like outlaws while Armatoles more like an irregular army
No one says a good word but no one says something really offensive either.
Yes, the western coast had a bigger number of Greeks than any other part of Anatolia.
Almost everyone laughs
I think they didn't recognize them as Romans, because they recognized themselves as the true Romans
The title makes it sound way more menacing
It's like the French voíla
The fact that the murder of Shehzad Luqman, which precided that of Fyssas, wasn't widely reported or discussed by the media nor were the pogroms in the center of Athens when instead they interviewed GD party members as "indignant residents of Agios Panteleimonas" who are tired of immigrant crimes in their neighborhoods along with the fact that after 7 years of trial you still think that it was the murder of just one man proves exactly my point on how the media whitewashed neonazis
or something)
Greece gets good news
Its unbearable
We have built the society around religion
I agree, we shouldn't think that gay is an insult
Well since i see that you are from Greece too you should have told them about our semi-independent part of our country Mt Athos or The holy mountain
I wonder how old he will be next year.
but that alone doesnt mean squat..
Η Σελήνη (The Moon) feminine
The Ionian Islands became a separate "block" (can't think of a better word to describe it) only after they came under the control of Venice
i think you are right, but im not sure thats for all the countries, maybe for france /germany ect .but Greece for ex.
I'm not really sure since there are more than one and there's not only one that's very famous
Another user already said it, we call the rest of the country επαρχία (eparchia)
\*History\*
I like Greece
Τελεταί Μπούκουρας
ευχαριστώ (), thank you (), danke (), gracias (), tak (), takk (), merci (), grazie (), kiitos (), спасибо ()
Europe is slowly going to continue to become irrelevant.
It is kinda taboo to reminisce about the junta, but because we did not take the correct steps to isolate these extremists from the public, the problem did not get solved (remember,,, Golden Dawn)
He just humiliated our country at an international level
These are my observations
Almost as much grievances as towards the my own governments
Sometimes I feel i was born in the wrong country
US's current stance completely undermines EU integrity
Good, another list to find us in the bottom.
we 've rendered ourselves irrelevant here.
Then it mainly consists of battles and plans from the allies, cruel actions within borders and then the road to Hitler's fall
They hate each other since 1453
200 years later the US went from being a British colony to being on their way of turning the UK into their colony
There is not a single figure in history that is perfect.
EDIT: Enough with this whataboutism
I have seen some videos where Americans freak out while trying to eat an octopus
It is an official term, so it is not derogatory but people from Athens will sometimes refer to non-athenians as "eparchiotes" in a derogatory tone, as in uncivilised or stupid
The problem with having border line no police whatsoever outside of Athens
It's easy when you spend almost nothing on military and never will and glady depend on others for your safety.
We call Switzerland Ελβετία which is Elvetia
Sending a train to Kosovo full of nationalistic bullshit in it, so that Albanians attack the train and are depicted as the bad guys
I replied to you before but I deleted my comment since I couldn't find a source of a poll I was talking about.
Other fora can be found all across Europe and Near East
but it’s greece and we’d probably fuck it up so maybe it’s for the best
The problem here is that you cannot easily transport the food from where it is discarded to where it is needed
It promotes nationalism and racism
well
My cousin's hair fall down constantly because of the pressure and she can't even have fun (she gets 15 minutes out of 24 hours to relax)
Best part is when they're also filled with garbage
I could add that it is most commonly called Agio Oros
In Greek language it's "έτοιμος η όχι, έρχομαι"
They don't force us to do anything.
Oh and the guys checking the metro tickets, although it's not really their fault, just ppl are getting caught having no ticket and blame it on the universe
Ελλάδα (Hellada, Greece)
Not even up for debate
Ελβετία (Helvetia, Switzerland)
Or, you know, invite Russia in.
Everyone agrees noone changes
Btw, according to the custom, anything Santa related (for Greek orthodox christianity that's Saint Basil of Caesarea), is also moved up to New Year's Eve instead of Christmas' Eve
they just conclude something without actually having any proof that they actually did something...
A few days later one of the few answers he read aloud was mine
My first computer was an Amiga and although the documentation was in Greek, the ui was in English
I'm not sure how it's viewed in the whole country but I live 5minutes away from the one in the Athens airport so we've always been getting our furniture from there and always are aware of any sales going on in it
I think that it has to do with the availability of doctors, nurses , rooms , number of appointments etc
I can’t really pick but in my opinion it is one of those:
nero = water,
If a side respected the agreement, why won't the other side respect it also?
15 per 500mL
we were colonizers but now are colonies are either dead or called italy and we have an awesome relationship with them
Why drive 45 minutes downtown when a train can get you there in 20
The only reason to buy a dolce gusto is if you want to use the other drinks it offers, and is a little cheaper.
The shrug is mandatory
For me, as I studied computer science, there is a lot of work in my field
His abdomen is also on the ground too.
The dominance is even greater in the dry bulk and tanker sectors
In my experience, what surprises foreign people who learn Greek is that we use it in front of first names and surnames
It is really hard not to take the (illegal) shortcut when "everyone does it".
Mykonos/Santorini/Naxos/Rhodes are just a no-go for me
now everyone is moving back to other slightly big towns like Patras, Chania, Heraklion and so on
I would argue that this is natural when most of us have been brought up on horrific stories of starvation, slaughtering of families or even entire villages that our parents and grandparents experienced
Never visited Prague or Czech Republic in general, unfortunately
its not summer in greece until we see 35++
It's kinda hard and probably unlikely to fully understand the Homeric Greek without studying it
Yeah it is also very good with donuts and croissants
Given the country we are talking about they can only do one of the above
If Greeks were more hostile towards Venetians it would probably be more for the Sack fo Constantinople in 1204, which was instigated by the Doge himself, and had insane effects in the next centuries,  than the Parthenon, which was horrible, but was one General doing his general things and except from the monumental loss, it didn't effect Greeks that much
It's okay,  no offense taken
I am not sure about the whole country,  but in my town I have noticed we have sushi bars/restaurants,  Italian restaurants,  Indian restaurants,  Chinese foods,  pizzerias,   we also have American fast food restaurants with burgers,  chicken wings etc Mexican restaurants, and if I remember correctly we also have middle eastern food
Also in "Australia" each a is pronounced differently
BTW In which State do you live
Not that the US is terrible, it's just always a tiny little bit off...
I am only trying to explain to you that antifascism as an ideology is not a bad thing
We trust nobody (yes, looking at you too Nigerian prince)
Or else it becomes meaningless nonsense.
That one called Utopian Land, idk the artist, idc about the artist, idk who thought this was a good idea and I think it was the first time we didn't even pass the semi-finals and rightfully so
It's completely normal, except if you live in specific areas where the water is dirty
We achieved civil partnership a year ago, but marriage?
They get paid more than teachers nowadays
&#x200B;
By the way,  the correct way of saying it as an abjective is:
Laughs in Thessaloniki
In modern Greek as I mentioned is used only for king
YOU MOTHERFUCKER
Day
They already pollinate them by hand in China and it has become a huge problem cause it's not as fast/easy
Albania: "How do I pretend I'm normal
Countries included:
It's funny because Greece won the the previous Euro (2004)
> Petre inspirescu
why
Sometimes, there are certain styles you only see in certain countries and certain faces you only see there too but 50% of the time you will probably be wrong
But I'm being judged for not paying taxes.
Also I would like to  emphasize  that this knowledge is mostly superficial, for example most people don't know  who is their governor of these states or where they are on the map or their capital etc
Russians managed to disrupt peace once more.
Probably because they are
In general, I'd say below 10 it's time to throw on a jacket, below 5 maybe add some gloves to that
Also not a city but Greece doesn't even exist in Greek
He was actually referencing a report on Sweden's immigration that aired the night before the speech.
She was never seen again and was presumed missing by the Cypriot state
A nation that was obliterated by totalitarianism is sliding into totalitarianism
We haven’t owned the city for over 500 years
We don't generally misspell names because we name mostly after specific people and also names have specific name days (most pertaining to Christian saints who died on that day) when they are celebrated
Edit: It's in the link:
You can find all 4 episodes on yt
Yes Russians do that as well AFAIK.
I don't hate Albania anyway and definitely i didn't supported Katsifas and his likes
Now EU & UNHCR funds their housing, but the process is slow as it's a very demanding task, needs a lot of social work and bureacracy.
I won't carry them back and forth from my house for no reason and apart for those I literally can't think of anything I would have a locker for
For the hot sauce thing you have to dig into the Italian cuisine in order to understand why it's "weird". Italian cuisine is based on the simplicity of the dishes that highlight the products themselves
You guys won because we didn't participate
My suggestion was not concerning an oil can in general, rather the particular one
you survey with spirit bold
What would you have him do exactly ?
Bursa = Προύσα = Prousa
Sure does, look at what the Madman Aristophanes has created on this basis [here]
I've watched so many photos of Warsaw she sent and it seems rl beautiful I can't w8 to visit
suez is probably like 5 times bigger
I could go anywhere in Zaragoza by tram and the price was lower than the bus prices in Greece
What will they do
For an average family of 4, it is mostly one of tge followings 100,120,150,200
have their regional research and development headquarters also there
Hard to say
What you think I meant is not necessarily what I actually meant
(Something not related with the subject) But don't you mean they, since the discussion is for another country
Also it was already the lingua franca before so why not again
Lolland, is everyone laughing out loud there?
That's actually quite sad :( I hope you guys can reunite with the rest of Cyprus and live peacefully without us or Turkey interfering.
- Being the capital, it has a big variety of things to do, mostly when it comes to shopping or events/concerts
(also portuguese peão = pawn (?), greek peos = penis)
So we pick them up and leave
They are grammatically and syntactically compatible, being fluent at one will give you a limited understanding of the other but they are definatly not the same
Should we prepare the asylum applications for the rest of their army or will they be bringing their own?
Some family names appear on both wars
Dude, yeah we have a problem with terrorism, which also has deep political roots (left-wingers have affiliations with them), but that specific incident at the coffee shop was a leaking propane tank.
You would see a different map
Λαχανοντολμάδες αυγολέμονο με πατάτες τηγανητές/Lahanontolmades avgolemono me patates tiganites
The actual hot weather is supposed to start monday here
This is a weird fact
Mercury = Ερμής (Ermis/Hermes)
The average folk does but we officially recognize it as Istanbul.
I find skiladika as bad as country music.
Corruption prosecutors raided the offices of Swiss drug maker Novartis in Athens a few days ago as part of an ongoing investigation over bribery allegations
Meanwhile I struggle in not pronouncing the "h"s in spanish
Thanks
That's right, you're mixing up Hellene and Helen :P
I guess Mykonos and to a lesser extent Crete, though I can't quite put my finger on why for the latter
It's considered an independent state, but recognised as such only by Turkey.
Balkans had so many wars :(. It’s definitely the only place on earth that can compete with Middle East in this subject
Doesn't bring much for a Dutch person to admit that WorlCup victories ALWAYS matter ;)
You're right
I'm just saying that the average Greek will not know details about the event
On top of that, EU has an active interest on not letting UK have a better deal.
> You simply cannot accept that the side you sympathize with
* The aftermath of the [Golden Dawn trial] (officially recognised far-right criminal organisation that used to function as a political party)
Also don't forget the Nazi colaborationist Georgios Tsolakoglou and the kings
It's like me working against my employers interests
Like swim
* Mani: Superstitious, alcoholic, engaged in blood feuds, territorial, independent, mountain folk, strong, family values, backwards-looking, conservative, violent, thinks that are better than everyone else due to Spartan origins
ASIA look at a effing map mate!
No i 'm saying lets have a discussion without using constantly using labels to avoid the issues and shut it down.
It was aired everyday in Greece for more than 14 years (1991-2005) and has had 3'457 episodes
\#covfefe
It's almost never brought up, but when it does, it's not considered rude
Which is also not a sustainable way of life
What's the situation with Organ calling all these emergency powers with no plans to give them back
Who would've thought that a time will come where this main subject of the Daily Star would be more serious and important than that of the other two
Of course we use seismos in our modern parlance for the reason you described, but the fact that you know what an Engelados is without the need of looking it up actually proves my point, I didn't say we use it all the time
Quite the opposite I would say
I apologise for us being being one of the reason this continent gets bad reputation sometimes, and I apologise for the low level of cooperation my compatriots show with other countries of the E.U. almost on a daily basis
For the past five year it has become fashionable, to name your child an ancient Greek name,like Orestes or Electra
"british" instead of "british pakistani".
The final sentencing of the members and their arrests
The irony is that EU was created to prevent wars and situations like that
Yeah definitely, one of my best friends through elementary and middle school was a girl
It is an attack to Europe and the west.
Lots of people do, for some reason
Marseille= Massalia
Wow 5000 comments just about chicken lol
And a more detailed story concerning Dionysus' campaign against India, which Pan took part of
I've seen Swedes here not knowing that they are not part of NATO.
So it's like saying  "small dust" xD
I think Turkish culture is closest to Iran, Greece, Azerbaijan and Armenia
Yeah, it's the Greek word for 'speech'
The dish that striked me more on your list is the French one
They collaborated with the Nazis, destroyed the Yugoslav army from within by defections when Germany invaded, helped them happily kill Serbs and Jews, and had their part in the Bosnian wars as well
I can eat mountains of feta
And after the Fourth Crusade, when Crete passed into Venetian leadership, the name of the city was latinized to Candia
I would usually travel abroad 1-3 times a year, but not to my neighboring countries, I prefer the northern European ones
Wow, thanks for the insight, that's good to know
Early 20th century Macedonia
I suppose “-os” for males
The residents have the lowest life expectancy in Greece and cancer rates are abnormally high
φωτοσβέστης (photosvéstis), the "enemy" of progress and learning, the obscurantist
Internet is changed i guess
Fairy/Ava for dish detergent
The positive number came from the fact that the economy shrank less, it's easy to manipulate numbers.
Most northerners are upset with current state of Turkey, but the prospect of EU membership would contribute to the stability of our region.
pro : we have free universities and free healthcare, good weather, there are helpful and nice people here, nightlife
It is standard in Greece
Either that or just removing letters and simplifying
The secret Mitsotakis doesn't want you to know
The best thing EU ever did for its citizens
It has probably the worst beaches in Greece and is an ugly city
But you miss one part in my opinion.
You've just unlocked some disgusting memories I forgot I had
No, it is actually a public school
None of  this need have happened, and the British crime was to legitimise people  whose record under occupation by the Third Reich put them beyond  legitimacy
Γαλλία (Gallia, France)
It honestly surprised me, but in the good way
History and stuff
It's original Minoan name is not known anymore, if it even had one and wasn't just an expansion of Knossos
Holy shit a friend of mine studying in the Netherlands told me that there's no real cuisine, and people eat sandwiches for lunch just so they are not hungry and I didn't believe him.
Finally a businessman and not a bought politician
Enver Hoxa made Albania the most secular Southeastern European country with the highest literacy ratio, should Hoxa be celebrated do those things or hated for the million more horrific atrocities committed in Albania during that era
You killed him with that
The typical LADA that you showed was always a great cheap car that could survive pretty much anything
Well technically he didn't conquer China, just parts of it
Beautiful sunrise in Athens / Drone view
There is a website which gradually draws the gastronomic map of Greece
Edit: I forgot to mention that it was one of the 12 cities of Attica that Theseus united
I don't like feta, last souvlaki I had was 6 months ago, not a fan of ouzo and I'm not really a beach person
Dolmades is even more time consuming and hard to make
Based on what I read 37% of Greeks are smokers
NATO ain’t doing shit
I had to read most of the comment section trying to figure out if the "only 1€" reaction was sarcastic or genuine before I realized how expensive is water in some countries
I guess the Polish government qualifies as conservative left.
Maybe they had this one but I never payed attention
It was aired everyday in Greece for more than 14 years (1991-2005) and has had 3'457 episodes
lol no, most of them manage to escape from Greece within days.
Another genocide
Also their lager is very good, especially for its low price
That was the point of my comment, you can pinpoint native speakers by their "would of"s.
Wettex for those thin sponges that are used for spilled liquids
Dunno tho, what do you think
>Claiming that the **vast** majority of Greek people don't blame
Btw I haven't wear a jacket since many months ago
This is the world in every child's drawing
Damn Italians with their colonies
Which part of the World is like that because of European colonisation
Lets rename it to "EURO 2018 +friends"
I mean she’s cute
Thessaloniki
Same here
Churches don't pay taxes, children are indoctrinated in the religion and the church has a say in so many aspects of everyday life that I refuse to see it as a harmless symbol
E.g. Xylophone, xylographie, xenophil etc
"Politicians"
If the revolutionaries in 1821 didn't rally behind God, freeing this country would not have worked
There's only like 2 or 3 sentences that aren't funny
This is a piece of shit Union thug, that used strikes to crawl up into a pseudoleftist party and now he is a Minister
This winter has been so shitty, it's the first time it hasn't snowed in my hometown since before I was born
But when you live in a country with ~6 months of summer, "bad" weather isn't that bad
centipede (σαρανταποδαρούσα) = forty-feeted
But then again I have met many other young people from other countries that are as immature as her.
Damn you guys are light-years ahead, congrats
We do this too
Amazing mountains, forests and lakes..
Starting from our ancient history, I'd say its something like:
It looks awesome
We really should stop blaming others (like the EU) for all our problems
I'd say no, but Facebook is a thing
Time is limited and higher focus is given to ancient Greece, Greek-Rome events, Byzantium and ww2
I've always found it weird
People of the world rise up, we have nothing to lose but our vests
We have Greek versions of these.
It can be a serious problem where it is busy particularly in the center of Amsterdam, because you can unconsciously sidestep or walk over a bikelane trying to avoid the rest of the people.
I've seen "ασανσέρ" translated to English as "asanser" on a sign
Cyprus speaks Greek, or at least that's what they claim
EU4: I haven't played much as I am missing a lot of DLC
The worst thing is that NO political party seems to acknowledge it as a problem or willing to do anything about it
Spain and Greece recognize Kosovo passports, how's that working for you, mr butthurt?
Why is his wife telling him what to do, and shouting silence to the people?
In many countries there are undemocratic measures taken, in Slovenia the police may get too much power, in Cyprus they want to monitor sick people with prisoners bracelets
Selene to koritsi tou mai
I know bro
It is in no way incompatible with being atheist, however, the contrary in fact
They wouldn't mind using europe as a test subject, because they don't depend on it.
I fucking love the northwest
There was violence and Tutkey invaded the first time, occupying 3% of the island
Don't wanna be that guy, but Monastir actually comes from Greek originally
This is about Swedish TV distorting Tim's sayings.
depends on what island and even then most businesses wont overcharge you.
Actually, it could maybe be translated as lo or behold, but I'm not sure these words cover its whole meaning
Greek populace
I thought it was pretty funny because in Greek "tafos" means grave
Thus, when you hear bira ( beer ), some people write it with υ and some with ι = μπίρα - μπύρα.
Probably the Acropolis museum and the Goulandris museum, the National Archaeological museum as well, and I guess Lalaounis jewellery museum and Vorres laographical museum
Why not
Papaki (παπάκι) meaning duckling or little duck
I mean, I did eat bougatsa pretty much every day for breakfast my first year of college
It depends what do you mean by poverty
Maria -> Maráki
People where weirdly dressed in the streets whith some having light spring clothing and others had wool caps.
You mean so instead of being sub branches of it they are similar languages that developed together with and not from Italian
Internet is changed i guess
“On the boys’ chests, they sewed name tags”, writes Voglis,  “with Slavic endings added to the names; many boys were raped”. A female  prisoner was forced, after a severe beating, to stand in the square of  Kastoria holding the severed heads of her uncle and brother-in-law
Europeans have a very indirect and limited view of american elections, i.e.
it doesn't get enforced here even though we are in the EU
No Ludvig von Mises,  Friedrich August von Hayek ?
The Greek name is Ancyra which is funny because ancyra means anchor, and Ankara does not have sea access.
* /e/ can be made with ε or αι
Greek Lefkosia
I am not really fond of the sea,I prefer the mountains
My guess is that in smaller villages (which we have a lot of) there are very small classrooms which would offset the ~25-member classrooms I’ve also experienced in cities, giving that ~17 average
*happy William Wallace sounds*
Lol
I personally call them Macedonia usually unless I'm in public or with people I know will get offended.
98% of the time it's only metal heads that have long hair and they aren't too rare
There are definitely no heroes in wars.
It depends on who the decision maker, the stakeholder and the consultant are in each model.
Then again in the spelling bees I remember that they often use hard words which sound easy for me because their ancestry is Greek, like for example any medical term
The last few years I also hear about these news elsewhere in the south yet I have no idea why
You won't see the same in Greece for example.
00€/month
The US is more amazing than Europe.
Tsipras and his party, along with the whole leftist side of the political spectrum have been expressing a series of arguments for many many years.
Cozy little places, with better food than tavernas, most of the time and "grandma" cooking recipes
Although in Greek "one thousand" is only 2 syllables
Dekaennia(19)
> Bundeswehr
Leonidas
Cretin
Athens is just
If it was only the other ingredients then it would be divinely tasty, but nah
Within 15 seconds the police starts shooting water at the crowd
We've had enough lies,''mistakes'',distorted or false news and propaganda by TV channels and everyone in the media during these years of crisis.
' that's why I think it's important to learn about the good and the bad things
There is only one thing to hope anymore: bomb us already and be done with it.
Which seems to be already falling apart, [if we go by his Twitter]
Ελλάδα (Hellada, Greece)
The stripes of the flag are the same number as the syllables of "ελευθερία ή θάνατος" (=liberty or death), which was the motto of the 1821 Greek Revolution
That was utterly moronic and there's no doubt about it.
>up to and including ones where if we violate them, the government will kill us
Next closest thing, Italy
Compared to all others tho, damn
Recreational use every once in a while is very common with people in my age group (mid-20s)
After would come Mycenaean Greek (1500BC +- few centuries) I haven't tried reading or something but it's fair to say the modern Greek would almost certainly not understand it, but I think it's likely you'd still find roots of words and recognise parts of the grammar and language
I apologise on behalf of my country and on behalf of my generation of younger people that even though we understand that this kind of behaviour is wrong, the only thing we do is laugh and move on
I probably consider myself more of a Balkan or South European, because our culture has more similarities with Spain, Italy, Serbia, Montenegro etc than with Sweden, Germany, England etc
For those who don't know
The fact that we are slow on everything benefits us sometimes
I was talking about the modern one tbh since the previous ones were never "Greece", it wasn't even that much of a concept in ancient times
It wasnt about money m8 its a law tha releases all underage criminals for everything but murder,including rape and atempted murder.
Quite the opposite, Dutch rap is among the best rap at Europe imo
But since we all like the good white stuff, we are good
It seems like they used the 4 continents model, seeing Australia as part of Asia
We also have Ξ ξ which is pronounced as "Ks" and I've seen some people write it like Ƶ but it's rare
I would suppose that this stems from the fact that there is a greek translation for everything, so not using the greek word communicates that you are trying to make a point by speaking the other language
Additionally, there's loads of small uninhabited islands that offer pure isolation
It is rumoured that it is also one of the reasons that the Soviets were hating the Polish more than the other nations they ruled over for the rest of the century post-WW2
yeah, since it makes you strong
Especially after Article 13 passed
> Istanbul
or all the people will just vote for a non-independent catalonia?
I mostly replied this as a reddit joke based on the "username checks out" meme tbh
In Crete most if not all people have at least one kind of gun in their house (anything from a hunting rifle to the latest fully automatic rifle) and some time ago (maybe even now I have no idea) the rest are Vendettas where families (by families I mean a group of people that have the same surname) would go into all out war between each other for any kind of reason
Greece is a regional power so to say economically speaking, but it's more Greece with some Balkan influences from a cultural point of view and not the other way around
They are very important in modern Greek history because they formed the nucleus of the Greek Revolution in 1821, and the leaders of the various bands often became the generals of the war for independence
imagine comparing Iraq to Greece
Exactly
I knew black metal makes people happy!
Yay
Between the periods you have 10-minute breaks, except for after 1st and 7th periods, where the break lasts 5 minutes
lol, nope
This must've happened with Evzones too
That doesn't make a difference.
But I think it is relatively popular in the big cities (not so much in small cities or in rural areas)   here based on Greek standards
Last year it was the exact opposite
Actually the Turkish army captured Greek cypriots and imprisoned them or tortured them or even executed them
Only older people are religious here.
not common
I don't feel similar with them.
Even the devaluation of Greek bonds was not applied to those held by the European bank in Frankfurt
For the love of me  and even though my mom grew up in Australia so I was raised listening to English , I cannot pronounce them correctly
Golden dawnist spotted
It was the winter semester so I’m sure it was cold but I followed her on social media and her pictures were gorgeous, so I’m sure it must have been a fun experience :)
But there is no way to prove that they are part of antifa
Britain and their allies, NZ & Aus, who fought and died in my country against our common enemies and not just in one war
it's fueled by hysterical MSM coverage
Just curious, how much a cuban rum costs in Czechia?
Unique rock formation in Northern Greece, in past locals believed this was the place devils and fairies would hide during the day
In modern parlance it's always "the strike of Enceladus" when refering to earthquakes, and it pretty much only appears in news reports as it's ridiculously pompous for everyday conversation
EVERYWHERE
I think it has to do with accidents
That's the best Greek accent I've heard from a non Greek person.
If I had lived in any other European country (maybe not Hungary) for 4 years I think I would be at least able to have a normal conversation at the bar etc
We just use a cracked version of the software we need
Try this line on irish or cypriots.
Wasn't disappointed because i wasn't expecting anything monumental but I actually enjoying taking a walk to reach the statue and then trying to step on the rocks to get close for a some funny photos
On an ongoing debate and controversy presenting the situation or the facts, trying to portray the points claimed by either side is not being politicaly correct, it's being fair and trying to project as little bias as possible.
I've heard stories from a friend of mine who was born and raised there, where the local gangsters would have great relationship with tourists and would show them around, have a good time etc
I appreciate your monitoring
Not to mention the deposit and interest rates ...
Cengiz Uyugur, 51, who is chief engineer of a cargo ship named M/V Makbule Ana under a Turkish flag, was arrested while taking photographs of the dockyard in Salamis.
" Koufontinas was the main hitman of the 17 November terrorist group, which was responsible for 23 assassinations of foreign and Greek civilians
young people from 18 to mid-twenties+ get drunk at parties regularly (some people if possible every saturday night)
Indeed, I somehow managed to fuck this up even though I did make a mental note not to.
&#x200B;
\[Source: My father's paternal village is nearby
The main reason, among others, is that seafood/fish are light and delicate flavors and cheese just takes over, rendering the fish useless in the fish
EDIT : Also orthodox church was AGAINST the revolution for the Greek independence
Suddenly it doesn't seem so wrong to invite back the one member with high military spending back.
I think it's only the Americans that consider the ground floor to be a "floor/level". In Greece anything above ground level is considered a floor (orofos - όροφος)
I do occasionally scour through them but whenever I actually need something, it's their site that I'll use-much easier
Katiki
Maybe during some other time of the year, for instance in Christmas, it would be prettier
1940 war
[This] came to mind
* Our vowel system is SUPER easy
Only Japan would think that's a good idea
The term "integration" gets thrown around a lot, and I'm not exactly sure what people mean by it.
People don't want a political union and yet EU is the one who has to respond to every foreign threat.
“This is it,” he thought, “this is where I own those religiotards and achieve victory for atheism
Thats not a rumor, Harrods had/has a memorial of the couple, two actually.
I think as long as you are under 13 years old "you are above the law".
What will they do
You chose that source on your own.
I have that same ikea photo on my wall too
Most people live in the first island because the second is very mountainous.
Even if we lose a few islands it's ok, we'll take them back"
I can't find proper pork gyros abroad for obvious reasons.
So basically you took 1 simple word and turned it into a whole fucking sentence
We also had different classrooms for each subject so that made the lockers even more useful
That's awesome stuff
A fucking nightmare knowing that your nation's time is running out
you win XD
You're very clearly some kind of altnright winger based on all the comments I've seen your make on this thread
BTW That bridge in the background is one of the most popular bungee jumping spots
Send help
Idk if it's that or that Greek cops are cunts in general
Those scenarios will pave the way of how the UK will perform in future.
That’s more like Recently Widowed Teachers Meeting
Europe has been involved in their countries affairs' and in many occasions has contributed to the refugee crisis.
things were pretty loose during the first days so no punishments involved
And more
Do one with the Greek genocides too
I know that I am greek by ethnicity and nationality, and russian by nationality
She laid *two* eggs
Almost all of them live in Athens that's why
I sometimes also use the phrase: στην άλλη άκρη του θέου - stin alli akri tou theou, which means "at God's other side/edge/point". I'm not sure if I translated correctly
Treachery killed USSR, Russia's Gorbachev tells BBC
They grabbed around 30% of the island and remained there for 50 years and counting
Good for you Poland
Btw is he a good president
Is this where all the anime MCs keep their bikes
Still a shitty rank for an eu nation but at least things seem to be getting better
Illiberal democracy is closer to authoritorianism than to Liberal Democracy
Yes, but they are typically well spelled
Do we really have something better to do during lectures
Nobody knows when all this will be over.
say that brotha
I look and see a community that grows in numbers, have the same right as everyone else in the country etc.
One of many civilians who were killed in occupied Cyprus
Current Greek culture is is very different from Germany, Norway, Iceland etc
It won't be  45° all day
So today it got 1C warmer than the average
Furthermore, not everyone knows the details that I just described, they're not "taught" in school
Compare a poor man in a capitalist country like UK, Canada or South Korea with a poor man in a socialist country like Venezuela, Cuba or Laos and you will see the difference.
We have political parties youths acting inside the universities
It's something that brings people closer.
I always go for go for the New posts first instead of the Top ones
I might be jumping to conclusions but it seems like you are making it seem like it's offensive to be compared with people from other countries or nations around.
Blue gang unite
Turkey condemns state of press freedom in Europe and the U.S.
And he was nearly sentenced to death in Greece.
Jesus Christ, haven't you got tired of saying this bullshit on the loop for the last 7 years?
Oh alright TIL, again
I also like to make up Greek sentences with lots of δ [ð, **th**e] and θ [θ, **th**eme] just so I can hear someone without these sounds in their native language (e.g Germans) try to pronounce all of them in a row
Except for Greeks and Cypriots, but there's only like 11-12 millions of us so who cares
Always have been a beacon of capitalism.
Σας ευχαριστώ (I thank You, pl)
''pasta with ketchup'', ''muslim Serbs'', ''Tesla is Croat''= Fucking hell you'll get beaten if you say these
In the second world war he was very active in the resistance during the Axis occupation, then after the civil war he was appointed Prime Minister to organize the country so Greece could go to normal elections
The Soviet anthem
Crete is
"Σα βγεις στον πηγαιμό για την Ιθάκη,
Patras: Sluts
It gets easier as we move to present day
Except if you are talking about living or moving octopus which is also considered disgusting here
>But when people are falling over, fighting
If you're going that way, then remove everything Leopold not just this little bust
He made arbitrary decisions in some cases, and it being an academic project for him rather than a language he aimed to use outside of academic circles, he couldn't practice the language, and since he also tried to reconstruct it, in many cases he was "treading blind"(βάδιζε στα τυφλά)
All languages are undergoing changes right as we *speak* (heh pun intended)
Edit: to clarify, income tax is not 50%. But adding up all taxes and the various government fees we pay throughout the year it does add up to around 50-56%.
The greek one, didn't know there was a danish feta
I dig that actually
The sailors would also sell small or pocket fm radios to the locals, which the locals thought they'd fooled them but the Americans usually bought those duty free, so they'd finance their night out with no hassle and sometimes with a profit
The difference is that we are used to it and know how to protect ourselves.
And just to be clear because i think there is a misunderstanding.
Yeah  I also believe that waiting times are different in different countries
Why would it be
Well played
"Χέστηκα" (Ch**e**stika), which literally translates to "I shat myself". This one's the most common one I could come up with
Τι εκαναν οι Βρετανοι στην Κυπρο και τους Κυπριους;
and they portait it as relevalt to Europe.
Yup he is,don't give him attention
You can't expect the cognitive functions of a 65+ year old person to be at 100%. In my opinion many elderly drivers are an increased threat to themselves and other drivers/pedestrians
I don't like the word nation much because in Greece it has been used to promote racism against non Greeks (not the word's fault, but now the damage is done for me)
You are right
My mom does this every time as well
Turkish Foreign Minister says Greece should not try Turkey’s patience, calls counterpart ‘spoiled child’
Therefore Kapodistrias, knowing of the contemporary Greek  attitudes, ordered that the whole shipment of potatoes be unloaded in  public display on the docks of Nafplion, and placed severe-looking  guards guarding it
Made a mistake here, had to use Turkish flair
Our islands, at least some of them are a free for all for tourists, mostly English, to get black out drunk and do stupid things
Originally , we reacted incredibly fast, cause we saw what was going on with our neighbor Italy and since it was so close to us and the government knew that our healthcare system wasn't in not way build to support a massive influx of patients and cases they shut the country down incredibly quick
Hey OP, I'm writing this in English bc idk if I'm allowed to speak Greek in the comments
I usually travel through your country towards serbia and the rest of europe.
They are conservative, lean towards Serbia and the Serbian-Orthodox church, and are not motivated by a desire for transparency, but rather by a tribal sense of Slav unity
I think the maximum you can have in Greece legally is 27
There are times when Christ looks the other way to humour the old gods
Think that but limited to Trump himself
Most countries
Well to be fair, although I always bought French products, France should think about moving the factories it has in some muslim countries and afterwards we can talk about supporting this notion in an organized fashion
I guess by those who have it as an official language
Greeks like our vowels hard and distinct, not whatever that quarter-beat tiple cross between an -e, an -o and an -u is at the start of that word
We had a cool young teacher in a vocational high school, he was I think a nurse or something in the medical field anyway, and he asked us to write anonymously anything we liked
You can change it at 17 with the consent of the parents  or at 18 without anything .
Reaping the benefits of nationalism
Same with μαλάκα which is a common Greek slang word that has a variety of meanings like wanker or asshole
Of course they teach us about our own religion, not all famous ones or something
The massacres of thousands of Greek civilians by Ottoman troops.
As much as I love Spain and all my Mediterranean bros, I can't forgive such an act
Maybe except that weird symbol inside the circle.
That's true
what's up with crete
Wouldn't go down well here
Oh god, we do that all the time cause we use a different alphabet and such
There was no time for WW1, WW2, the period in-between, post-WW2 civil war, and the military dictatorship that followed
guinea fowl (φραγκόκοτα) = Franks' chicken
Every few years, we get the real stuff, and it usually is newsworthy because everything slows down due to the chains required and the fear of ice, even with salt and wood chips on the tarmac
The Dems and the GOP are generally pretty close to each other.
Most Greeks have no idea who the real founder was
We mainly used it in high school if we didn't want the teacher to know what we were saying
In Greece they survived until the late 80s/early 90s I think.
Furthermore when you implement such policies, the economy shrinks therefore there's even less money to tax..
Even walking to the metro station 10 minutes from my house is tiring
We look forward to welcoming you again :)
Thank you for this
Jeg tror at der findes intet sprog der er smukkere end dansk, og jeg ved at ikke nogen vil være enig
if it wasnt Russia i bet they would cling on another thing,but at least they would be a litle more sense (polish far-right/far-left, football team hooliganism ect)
Of course the Germans would find an efficient way to make the meme
Basically if they desire, they can learn everything about us in an afternoon.
usually its the province of atlantis but the joke went too far ...
In the previous weeks he has made claims that "the borders of our heart reach from Thessaloniki (the birthplace of Kemal Ataturk) to Mossul"
If there is something that sets us apart it´s the alphabet
Glad we didn't change that one
There is a stereotype that Scots are stingy , I don't know where it came from
Why would the anc
Edit: added "Modern Greece" section
The area had no urban plan of construction so when the need to evacuate arrised, roads where blocked and people where trapped inside house fences when trying to reach the sea (yes, they where extremly close to the beach) because the smoke limited visibility and mobility
In a completely unrelated incident, Parliament Member dies in tragic accident.
You gotta pump those numbers up Europe, those are rookie numbers
Because you had time to prepare on Saturday
Big oof
The people are not social at all, obsessed with every small rule they have, either written or unspoken
Then follow them
Kudos to Croats for saving their lands from the Ottomans.
The Mongols are the successors of the Genghis Khan's empire, the Brits of the British Empire, even though all these empires had multitudes of ethnicities and languages it's widely agreed who are the 'successors' trying to deny that Turkey is the successor of the Ottoman and Seljuk empires is just intellectually dishonest, as is denying the genocide
I think it describes exceptionally what it is to be forced into crime in order to survive
Hello to you too Oriental sister
Greece has pie with the exact same name but instead of baby jesus we insert a "gold" coin.
>It's a shame we don't have sufficiently large databases for the Greek language to investigate when the modern sense of the word was first used
He is using erasmian pronunciation, which is widely used abroad in the teaching of ancient Greek
I got tired of hearing Shehzad Luqman's name on TV while they so cleverly hid 17N under the rug
Can't we start somewhere
The windows, lamp, bookcase, books, notebook, phone, hairstyle, face, cat, glass, pants are all copies of the Greek one
I hope you are aware of the fact that the biggest part of Macedonia is in Greece right ?
The main reason, among others, is that seafood/fish are light and delicate flavors and cheese just takes over, rendering the fish useless in the fish
It was an anomaly for muslims to conquer and control christian populations in the Balkans and that is why the Balkan League was formed.
i mean, if you weren't trolling you would know no one went to become a jannissary voluntarily.
Albania, nationalists on both sides are dumb
Especially in towns like Izmir, Izmik, Izin and Istanbul the names derive from the Greek εις την = is tin (to the) that was commonly used in front of the name itself
Funny thing is, we already call it that
If the EU was a thing in 1967, I would welcome its involvement in Greek matters to prevent military leaders from coercing the King into swearing a military government
Olympic games
Edit: im not defending the US jeez, i just want better stats
in "Europe" in the graph you mix the data of countries with good transparent data and a fuck ton of testing with countries that werent that transparent and did lower testing
ωραιος, εννοούσα lack of development, απλα ημουν βιαστικος ο μλκς.. θενκς!
I think most Europeans, except British and Irish, use words from Both languages
We give ourselves as an example to avoid
Dad with a couple of Athenian friends had their car windows smashed at some point in the 80s I believe during a trip there
(Like all good jokes should be)
Cause I only know how we and Macedonia view him, so dunno what's the global consensus
Didn't we conclude that the previous ban was more or less pointless?
In my personal opinion, North Macedonia is a perfect name.
We never had a Renaissance
nope the land was ours we were living just fine Assyrians / Armenians and Pontians.
Asia minor catastrophe
Apart from private owned summer camps,there are also public camps
You could build a bigger fence!
gr] article contains this " Υποθέτω πως είναι η κόρη της [κυρα-περμαθούλας] και ανηψιά της [θεία-Φωτούλας]  που την έχουν κλείσει στον μικρόκοσμο κάποιου νησιού ή χωριού να έχει  άσπρη αφράτη επιδερμίδα, και φροντίζουν αυτές για το συνοικέσιο." and the wiktionary article says almost nothing (I mean if the name was real at least a dictionary would know something more about it)
We aren't talking about them now,aren't we
A lot of Europeans are very arrogant thinking that the EU is stronger than it really is while thinking that the US is a very bleak place.
So capitalism
The problem is that Spain is a member of the EU, and Spain is a ~~federal structured~~ decentralised  country
It's truly fascinating what you guys achieved
We still use φθόνος today when we mean to be more like grim about it
Also, when i just asked what i wanted in french, everyone assumed i understood french well enough and spoke glouglouglou super fast, which left me looking at them like an idiot
But some words aren't used or they have changed and have different form
The most buffling one I saw recently was that people in a city where a new 5G Network was installed gathered signatures to remove it because allegedly it was a plot by Europeans to turn them infertile
Wow , even my country, which is literally hanging by a rope by european money, is not in favor of it.
“The idea”, says Patríkios, who never repented,  “was to reform and create patriots who would serve the homeland
North Macedonia has an insignificant army with Soviet era equipment
Greece is doing fine like hell tertiary in thrace
France, UK
Well, in Greece, in Evia, there's always 1 week of snowfall that's brings snow to 2,5m in height
It was funny, we used to stop at the middle of the route to Thessaloniki to change from diesel to an electric engine.
We start uni right after high school, nobody does a gap year here
Mars = Άρης (Aris/Ares)
No she do not
Until recently the police was banned by law from entering universities
91 is enenída-éna
Some Athenians do use the term η επαρχία (i eparhía, the "countryside"), but it's mainly for rural areas, not cities
> Istanbul
(Φιλικά πάντα και χωρίς να υποστηρίζω όσους ανέφερες ηδη)
The way we treat names
Dude the man is shit but there's no one like him in the government
What's Greece supposed to be exactly
Younger generations are slightly different
Not because I do not like it (never tried it), but because I was under the impression it didn't have many fans
Ο Κορονοιός είναι για το πούτσο
Once I started reading, I started appreciating my hometown a lot more because it made me pay more attention to certain things that I used to just overlook
Add some romance in to it and you’ve got an Oscar nominee
But please, avoid stereotypes, it's just annoying
I'd definitely try them
The words are not the problem, the syntax is
Maybe the Soviets shouldn't have advanced to Berlin after all, if the people that grew up in an age of mass disinformation and twisted truths to suit one big regime's interest over the others(cold war) can't understand propaganda from reality and start spouting nonsense whenever they see a hammer and sickle or a hint of Soviet history on this damn sub
This doesn't sound right is that one of the pretenders after the Fourth Crusade?
Maria -> Maráki
The flight company can't really "loose" your luggage unless the luggage door opened mid flight and they dropped them
The question is can america maintain its happy face if it is no longer the only superpower?
"Μπου και βγαίνω"
I find it hard to believe that Salonica is less developed that Chalkida or the North Agean islands
Izmir was and is more Greek than Istanbul, whatever that may mean.
In hot weather you get sweaty just by sitting at the computer
1967-1974
Georgios Karaiskakis
Greeks are flattered, even if you just know one phrase
>As a kid I also thought tiramisù was a Finnish invention
Greece refused to participate and forbade the use of the NATO bases within Greece for any kind of role in the attack against Yugoslavia
Like the 9th Muse, who presides over eloquence and epic poetry
[a news story in greek]
They were convinced
Foínikas - Palm tree
Single parents just can't raise kids because they haven't got enough money even if they have a job
Wait, it's been absolute ages since I graduated but I'm pretty sure I had ancient Greek for the whole 6 years of middle/high school, and I was in the Technology direction/specialisation
The rise of both Fillon and Macron as an alternative to the social democrats indicates that the French people want to try for a change.
I fear nothing
Later myth gave her an origin story as a beautiful nymph who gets turned into a monster
Especially the Germans who take a family pizza and it's enough for a family of four
That is not true
If you think the others, like the EU for example, is to blame for every single thing, which was what I wrote, is just stupid
8% of the world tanker fleet
Im sure you will and thats why EU will collapse
I never took seriously anything he ever said or taught after that
Our previous PM ( A.Tsipras ) was an atheist, and that didn't seem to really influence the public vote in 2015
lmao
I love rain and moodiness but my dopamine addicted brain doesn't, so I feel you
we dont like to call them stray (even tho most of the time they are)
The painting is called "The Reception of Lord Byron at Missolonghi"
European countries (included my country)  ,European Union,  Some specific type of buildings and architecture
No, it is actually a public school
young people from 18 to mid-twenties+ get drunk at parties regularly (some people if possible every saturday night)
Tomato gang assemble
We may want to have children but more in a sense of someday
Get a cream pie from your local bakery
In Greece, a lot of people also get private insurance for some of the private hospitals and clinics which typically have better doctors
The difference between Castro and Junta is that the Junta respected private property and people didn't have to queue up for stale bread and toilet paper.
And many of them ( at least most that I have seen until now, but I have seen only a few comments) are actually Greeks and I even seen a post about it on a greek circle and they also spoke about debts(but about the aegean's debt, which is a different case)
Not really, nobody knows the real number of potential attackers, there could be tens of thousands waiting for the right moment.
Well
Greece is the only country who invests the least GDP compared to all european countries
Have you seen what lies next and over us?
Although I agree wolves are pretty harmless to humans
His name is correlated with bad luck so none says his name
Yes, thank you
To sum it up for you in a few words.
Since Syriza left and Nea Dimokratia has become the ruling party, police has become a little bit stricter in general, especially on younger people
My country is already religious but yeah this happens even with the irreligious ones
Not ginger
*Lying to their kids* is painting this tradition in a negative way that I can't I agree with, even though I am not religious myself.
In our modern history though:
When I tell them I'm from Greece their reaction is mostly "oh really
No, i dont think i will
Greece: the horrible and disgraceful Moria refugee camp is still there
The appearence and clothes of the woman were also pretty typical for a greek woman
I'm not sure if it aligns correctly, but it would be the equivalent of Londoners calling Scousers (people from Liverpool, for non-brits) "not true Englishmen"
In taverns and traditional restaurants, it is pretty common to ask them to wrap up the leftovers so that you can take them home
Greece and Portugal are on edge of continent
Look at Croats and Serbs, it's like 50% of the reason they hate each other is because one is Catholic and the other is Orthodox.
what did christianity have to do with laws?
The comments on that video are cancer.
The sad part is, that people who understand that a change needs to be made on this country’s social and economic culture, often give up and migrate when they realise that it is an impossible task
Γι αυτό ρωτάω για κριτήρια. Η Δ. Μακεδονία πχ είναι πιο ανεπτυγμένη. Δεν έχω ακούσει για τα Γρεβενά και τη Φλώρινα να έχουν τόσο πλούτο. Και την ίδια απορία έχω και για Στερεά / Θεσσαλία.
Cause of Alexander the Great
-I... Sorry Kevin I... I dont think Im prepared for this
We still have some teasing rivalry amongst us but it's not too much of a deal
Capital Ζ and small ζ. But Ξ can be handwritten as  Ƶ  or with a more vertical line (I still do it when I'm writting fast) but this is NOT how it's taught in school
Also ,I dont want to sound bad ,but cmon ,Qatar doesnt care about football and football doesnt care about Qatar
Practical -> Technical
It's funny how Eastern Europeans refuse to work with anyone on refugee issue and spit on EU's face when this comes up for discussion but Italy and Greece are supposed to obey Russian sanctions and tow the line even though it has a massive negative impact on both our economies, in this already hard economic times .
The only one that I can think of is the Night Hag (Μόρα, móra in Greek) that most people believe or say they have experienced but that's basically sleep paralysis
Dude, in Russia:
Nobody cares if some crazy throws a grenade or blows up a car without victims.
They're gonna take away my greek citizenship any day now
Yeap
Neither KFC nor McDonalds are very popular in Greece and this is probably because of gyros
That is actually good of them, cause it means stability
You will not regret it
Assuming they suddenly all want to jump back in, what's preventing them
Nazis are extremely rare here, just like KKK is extremely rare in USA
I would say only the old people who lived through it
Lol so it's only NATO's fault.The Serbs started the war in the first place.
I had no idea that we had that song in Greek as well
I agree that almost anyone believes that,  but about the others you mentioned,  I think that it is more subjective
The Pentelic marble mined from Mount Pentelicus north of Athens, from which the sculptures are made, naturally acquires a tan colour similar to honey when exposed to air; this colouring is often known as the marble's "patina"[71] but Lord Duveen, who financed the whole undertaking, acting under the misconception that the marbles were originally white[72] probably arranged for the team of masons working in the project to remove discolouration from some of the sculptures
I'd say no, but Facebook is a thing
It's not even that serious, but still hurts our soul
I get that (usually) one is only there so you have "broad with broad and slender with slender" but how can I know which vowel to actually pronounce
We only make it once a year at the end of the Holy Week
The people were very keen to follow the politicians last time though
This goes doubly for fringe crazy terrorist organizations.
Yeah,  that's why we have states and authorities, so random people who are mostly neo-nazis don't decide to just kill someone because they founded him guilty
Edit: Me: *supports the protests*
And still a lot of Euro countries have disagreements and conflicts that thankfully don't devolve into war
It's very likely ; But he will make one, like every president.
I didnt know you can put your country next to your name XD
I live near there, if you need anything dm me
I was also confused because the sun isn't even that bright in March.
Not stigmatize those who take vacation and are happy when they stop working after a stressful & inhumane season, that's all i mean.
Fascists march
Kyriakos Velopoulos
We say this for visitors who stay longer than expected and won't leave
Lol, where is this
but it takes a true savage and barbarian to knife some 21 year old kid to death for some prank.
How's Russia feeling on this
Means nothing without taking taxation into account
How exactly do you go more liberal that Sweden
Also not a city but Greece doesn't even exist in Greek
Let's just say you can rate your country in a scale of 1 to mine
Conjugations, tenses, moods, voices, word genders and exceptions for you to remember
Για εμενα δεν εισαι τιποτα παρα μονο ενας ακομα στοχος.
With that I agree yes, but castration is nowhere near that
The people who actually lived the war in 1945, or the people in 2015 who have only experienced it from movies, books, etc
I'm still bitter from admin law, if I had to study penal code I would require practical examples.
I tried to clean my screen
I think it's because familiarity the first thing I noticed was the evil eye, I also tried looking for the Turkish flag and it took me a few seconds to find it
Do you really believe the parents are going to induce their child to be the opposite of what they actually are?
>Thats more like minute by minute
Genocides and war crimes are so active and frequent with Turkey it gets forgotten
The UK government is slowly pushing the NHS off the cliff in order to introduce more private healthcare like in the US
We had a larger population as Byzantium (15 million) than now (11 million)
The problem and what caused it is well known.
These are fighting words
Hahaha
Oh no
~~You forgot the Vatican, just saying
Yet all of them have never failed to disappoint me
It's mostly Careless Hypocrites
Alexander the Great
The place is a living pothole
Which is why I wanted a citizen's opinion
Minor nations also fought all over the place, like the Polish in Arnhem and heck, even my own Greeks fought in Egypt and Italy.
Not a variant of the same one
It's said that when potatoes were brought to Greece in the 19th century, Greeks were distrustful of it and wouldn't consume it.
* Our consonant system is *fairly* easy but even if you struggle with some of them, no one will judge you and messing up the hard-ish ones **won't** make you hard to understand at all
We hope to keep the peace
3% of all tonnage under the various EU member state flags
I will restrain myself from commenting since last time I pointed out a fact about Islam I got banned for a month from this sub
My head connects it with hibernation and then the fact that you're at the edge of Europe and nothing significant ever happens in Ireland
And when u say take inti account the confirmed cases, i dont mean "oh we have 4 now it was 2 yesterday so its worse". Obviously the more you test the more positives you will have
But you are right, the Soviet Union in total is No 3 in the list with around 13% of it's population perishing.
If you're going to visit the Parthenon, make sure to not wear high heels
So today it got 1C warmer than the average
But in Greece we can produce everything
Greece belong to Southern Europe
I think my country has benefited greatly and has provided a good aid to EU too
Most of us don't even contribute a penny while staying with them, unless they deal with financial problems (rarely a Greek parent would ask from his/her kid to chip in even if they dealt with financial problems)
It would make much more sense if it were pronuced as "bē bē" like in most languages of the world, and in fact it is
&#x200B;
Finally let me say that I'm a huge sea-lover and I adore the beach so I can't deny that I love our place on earth
hmmm I can imagine some Belgians becoming red at some point in this video
Summer
they 'll probably send the poor there then
no unfortunately we have a lot of closed minded people, truth be said it is from bad experiences from some of them but generalising and dehumanizing all of them needs to stop
"I am french to the conversation" sounds so sophisticated tbh, good job Turkey xD
It only happened once
I would feel home in Ukraine too
Yeah, of course every household is different
Σε όλους τους Έλληνες στα σχόλια:
They should not try our patience,” Çavuşoğlu said
&#x200B;
Also, during Ottoman times they identified as "Romioi" or simply "Pontioi", not as Greeks
Fun fact: We don’t like our government either ...
That is just scratching the surface but yes, vast differences.
poor malta
Also in case you are eventually missing any countries, there are some [incredible lists] over at r/IndigenousMetal that might help you
I mean report who this specific person is and why they are abducted
Trump is going full Erdogan, not the opposite.
Nothing really, except maybe some politics, regarding Alexander the Great, kastellorizo and calling us lazy for example
I've been told it can be used in Argentinian Spanish too (eg el José)
Μια φορά στο Λονδίνο όταν ήμουν πιο μικρός μιλούσα με την μάνα μου στα Ελληνικά και ένας δίπλα μας άρχισε να μας μιλάει και αυτός στα Ελληνικά και είχε πλάκα, είχε έρθει και αυτός για κάτι δουλειές φαίνεται λμαο
Then it mainly consists of battles and plans from the allies, cruel actions within borders and then the road to Hitler's fall
I like the colour though
How can't people see that
Also had some great food in the city square (or whatever the restaurant was)
It seemed inevitable
Funds alone are not enough to boost an economy.
Távli it's played by almost every Greek
I cannot for the life of me grab the czech language from anywhere
Roughly translated to
its not bad if you work on it every day and treat it seriously
It needs to be said however that the vast majority of Turks make reconciliation like what you are describing damn hard
But I remember Greeks themselves threatening to allow migrants through
That is why i also said "It would be better for the Turkish people also"
>Due to the existence of the underground railway it was necessary to create also an underground ventilation system and in 1931 Mayor of Athens Spiros Merkouris suggested placing eight sculptures representing the mythological Muses to cover the openings of the ventilation vents
Btw you need to improve the grammar of your native language
You dont have that many friends to your east.
Reintegrating a bunch of barbarian beheaders is like trying to put back one of the heads they chopped off and hoping they come back to life.
Serbia for more or less the same reason
Lmao is that Joachim Löw on the left?
Hey i have a picture of the [guy] that made that decision.
Basically everything that happened in the Byzantine Empire until the fall of Constantinople from the Ottomans
In case you are wondering, not a single one of the greek letters are pronounced the way you learn they are.
Usually yes,except if you are very close to them  and they let you do it ( like for example the house of you grandparents that you visit very often) or if they have given you the permission to do it
Isn't it risky to eat it
How would you call it
Agean from what I noticed event updated their wings to end with a swipe up which is a 2% fuel saving trick that had started appearing in aircrafts in the last 2 decades
Between a rock and a hard place
They seem to talk kinda fast and thus I cannot understand every word they say.
Actually, African economies are getting better now that both Europeans and American finally got the fuck out:
They did a similar study with similar correlations back when Golden Dawn was running in Greece and got a good amount of votes
In fact everyday it passes it gets damaged by the time and by visitors, it's not worth the money it will need for repairs and everything in the long term.
portugal and greece are the same country
You are likable cousins from Spain's side of the family.
All those Jesus freaks of various stripes taking the stand and talking about how blessed this day is and/or how America is a shining city on a hill are so creepy.
The English taste like grumpiness
Not to a big extend , but there is still this distinction in my mind
Actually, I think it's more interesting that it's our country's name that is completely different
Is this real tho
just give a jolly answer to a jolly question :)
So they can't understand why Indian food is good - my dad claims that just too much spice involved and he can't taste anything, nothing stands out
I think for most people who live in tourist areas, yes, the best part was not having to verbally communicate as much because we both literally couldn't. Good for some, frustrating for some
Stay strong
Ahhhh fuck
I don't know what it is but it's the best so far.
[Vlachs] is what we call them in Greece.
It's called the Greek government.
The first one that comes to mind is [Merenda] it's basically like nutella but Greek and Nutella and all it's clones fall under the category of Merenda
Also some people might want to combine alcohol like wine with their meals
In a casual setting though it's no big deal, except for the occasional grandma who will suddenly be reminded of her cow that had several rings and bells and chains to not get lost
Αλλά όχι δεν ήταν embarrassing
I might be wrong though
But I think it’s not so good on the islands
Among the reasons he's so widely known is the fact that he refused to allow the passage of the Italian army through Greece in 1940, an occasion that is celebrated as a national holiday -28th of October, the "Ochi/No Day")
I get 2009 Greece vibes from this
Are you implying that the more educated someone is the more left wing he becomes ?
Sure, you chip in X million according to your GDP, but you're also eligible for funding, and there was lots of it
Το βίντεο είχε part 2 και 3, όπου σε κάποια φάση από το GTA IV ένας npc λέει "I am a stupid malaka, please don't kill me" πεθαναααα
The Refugee Archipelago: The Inside Story of What Went Wrong in Greece
Kalamata is not like Chalkidiki, I just like it
This is Nazi propaganda redrawn
Now what the Church or some priests think
Congrats Latvia
Οk  But still there are some issues , for example Estonia is more "culturally northern" than central European
As I grow older I start to forget rules and syntax and a result it becomes more difficult for me to speak and write
That situation is like when you have black people supporting Trump.
Recently I heard they opened a branch is Melbourne.
In the summer I nap for about an hour after lunch, and I complain if there's even 2-3 clouds in the sky
Neither does Turkey
Aside from that I've seen ppl on Instagram for example claim that he's Turkish
Parfait
* Our consonant system is *fairly* easy but even if you struggle with some of them, no one will judge you and messing up the hard-ish ones **won't** make you hard to understand at all
However, using foreign words, especially in writing, indicates a low educational level
actually its like saying that if you divide a country for adimistration reasons, you make cultural differences.
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is a question better suited for /r/AskEurope.
But we've been a "nation" for like centuries
It ensures that every (or most) males have some military experience and that they can complement professional forces in a semi-competent way.
It's truly great that we are allies and support each other
Hans Zimmer is amazing
They committed murders and hate crimes
More recently, perhaps during the Balkan wars
I'd be way more content even attempting to live in a more rural economy with everything that might entail than having to regularly commute through an urban maze
To this day, Greece still has the largest Aromanian population of any country in the world
It's an unwritten rule over here, it's not mandatory to bring drinks to a party but everyone will consider you to be a cheapskate  if you don't.
Keep in mind that these were said by people who know ther English and either had passed or were about to give English exams for the C2 (proficiency) certificate
Figured as much, vitam is mostly solidified palm oil (φοινικέλαιο), that's why it's also allowed for fasting (νηστεία)
Because that's how you set the global economy on fire.
Well "simp" Seems the most fitting for me
The byzantine empire I'd say neutral
I needed two tables, two visits to the tax office and 2 to the insurance company and hours of waiting to become a contractor here
Gucci likes ancient Greece and that's cool but a show there with lights, high heels and stuff would damage the Acropolis.
That only has 3 vowels ε, οι and α.
What was the pig's sexual orientation?
At least that's how we have it where I live
tbh if you are rich, that's what u do
Luckily I'm one of the few that never get hangovers
Because they have the euro, thus they cannot do a damn thing about economic policy
1)We have a unique alphabet
and most of the time Cyprus seems like an extension of Greece
name I won't say for privacy
No, I do not "know it's true" and I do not appreciate anyone running their mouth or keyboards like they know everything
You would absolutely not do an one-night stand if you're living with parents
Explain to me why is this dark
I think iphones will become like that
Tsipras made a compromission and he made the situation better than before
Is there some place to verify it
I guess you could merge with Lichtenstein
**this post was made by the European gang**
when I did a questionnaire about which european country fits someone the most my result was Norway
Earliest Practice of Medicine
No matter what their problems with the Kurds are within their borders, they have no right to invade a foreign country, but when did they care about that to care now
1700 - no data
Can you it write in Greek so I can sure it
i think you need to change your views a bit...
Yes yes i do
I live a 100 metres from Plato's academy in Athens, all the buildings in the area took forever to be built because they had to bring in archaeologists to assess if the artefacts that are found should be buried again or relocated, but it's not like this everywhere in Athens
Also
"2020 was not a good year
Speak the language, eat the food, drink the drinks and be cool.
Oh damn I need to start saying that, whenever I get asked that I just say "Well, what the f do you want me to say, then
Even in the meme subreddits I don't know what half of the things they're referring to mean and why I should find them funny
I've seen other people say this but any American-ish names i sort of dislike, they just sound wrong for a Greek person
Better job prospects raises overall work ethic and I agree that Greece does have a issue with it but not as bad as most people make it seem.
Aww, they delivered it to my door every September
They really fucked up the three bars type of flags like France or Ireland.
The answer i get is the classic "that was not true socialism".
4) In 1967 the political situation was a huge mess, so there were 2 or 3 dictatorship coups that were being prepared
And the thought policing from the regressive left that is prevalent in the US is not so much of a problem here (i think!)
Enjoy your trip, you're worrying too much
Armatoloi were the ones amongst them that were commissioned from the empire to enforce the Sultans authority in such inaccessible areas
Worth to note that years 3-10 and also year 12 is strictly Christianity, and year 11 is 2/3 Christianity and 1/3 other religions, of which we skip a lot and basically just talk very briefly about Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism and Confucianism, probably making many wrong assumptions about them in the process
The only good that came out of this dictatorship was economic growth and the modernization of the military not much else
Meanwhile a Volkswagen factory worker is producing more into the real economy than 20+ hotel staff sitting around.
Case in point, the Mirrage 2000, in service 10 years before the F-16 and as far as i know always better in training or simulated dog fights.
Nice, I hope they achieve it
Greek universities are Marxist nests.
I know that.But the Ottoman Empire worked only on what you said.Conquest and terror.That's not how the great empires of time worked.Even the Romans who were around so many centuries before the Ottomans were more organized.
And then begging big companies to come and invest
They're usually young so it's so stupid from their part to do this
Love how you used the old greek flag
I agree going after the public sector.
There was an aisle in the middle, at the right only men, on the left women with children
And **Tis Dikaiosinis**, I would add
You are right
I really hope you forgot the "/s" tag.
Her daughter 'saw' a short guy next to a big desk with a weird cursive symbol/logo
The EU really needs to cut down on subsidies and stuff like arts funding and so on.
Its the same memes repeating every month or so with some extra ones occasionally
After comparing them, you have a pretty concise idea of what anc
Edit: added words
Never tried it, but I am all for British scones and fish & chips
320 dead people
I read articles last year that the company will actively try to change that perception and the meme has indeed toned down
Yes in my original comment I implied it was probably a historical map so you are right.
Unreliable Nordic furnitures that requires you to build them yourself
Nowdays the Agrafa mountains are very sparsely populated, my dad's been, there's only a few tiny villages high up with at most a single coffee shop or something and mountain tops
Well Greece hit a ROCK bottom in every single thing since the crisis
Greek most likely sounded like
I guess that makes us your colony
Another bureaucratic instrument for some, otherwise worthless people, to enjoy elected paid vacation
I'll beam it to the politicians
I just hope that if it dies out, the next chat app also has bubbles
All of the aforementioned things are part of why I've been meaning to move out of the city, or even out of the country altogether
Άλλος sounds the same as if we'd say άλος.
Although the biggest technical hurdle is the lack of energy storage and the long distance from the rest of the European grid which Cyprus is not connected
No worries.A UN resolution and an EU condemnation should teach those buggers!!!
Cyprus is populated and Turkey disputes who owns that....they also haven't negotiated in good faith on that issue when they were sat at the table.
Yeah that's right , but I just mean that it's not the majority
Why the hell we would want to take Iran
Edit 2: Now I get it
Fuck
Also politicians from the current government use the terms "left" and "communist" as if it is a danger for our society
There are laws, there are borders, there is vetting.
Am I the only one that hates this, since most of my friends and I use facebook
No, they don't leave the packages on our doorstep here
Most of us simply say "yes
very presumptious of you OP (who still hasn't answered where you live)
Hahaha, is it that bad in Romania
Tell it to other Greek guy on this thread fratello, who doesn't belive me hahaha
not italian so take this with a grain of salt, but an old bus engine self-igniting when you're at 40 degrees celsius with little humidity isn't that unlikely
it's Turkey starting conflicts with other countries
It's an amazing crime thriller, and, in my opinion, Greece's best production so far
Reforms <> war of independence.
( just kidding)
If the EU fails in a small country that is in its control and that is economically isolated from the rest, it will be the EU's undoing.
I just hope that if it dies out, the next chat app also has bubbles
Stamatis -> Stamos
I will take the question as 'my country' including the region historically (since modern Greece is only like 200 years old)
He is consistent, because his actions correlate directly with his words.
There's no "VOTE HERE WE DO STUFF LIKE THEY SHOULD HAVE BEEN" party.
It makes sense
Seriously the Serbian and Russian are inaccurate as fuck.
Some people are very delusional , to the point that they may need professional help
Wait you got mythos beer there too
Yeah, I am aware that this doesn't apply to everyone from the south of America
Thank you my Hungarian friend
Most people are cool with him and consider him a patriot.
Say, what happened to good old zog
* English-speaking
Nobody in the world has ever seen reports on the cars burned by anarchists
I guess Mykonos and to a lesser extent Crete, though I can't quite put my finger on why for the latter
Sure, United States of Europe won't be happening any time soon but we need to view each other as allies rather than enemies.
[Όταν έρχονται τα σύννεφα by Manos Chatzidakis]
η (feminine 'the')
Something like Ow-Lah
- βλέπω τα ραδίκια ανάποδα (to see the radishes upside down)
and I also didn't bother searching
I have seen people that I thought that they were Greeks but it turned out that they were tourists
They should have made the stars smaller and in the center if the bar, similar withe the eagle on the mexican flag.
Oh, you've been to basically every restaurant in Greece?
Greeks also kiss the left side first, unlike the rest of northern europe.
First of all the country is not in Venezuela mode.
We have a great laography museum too, it's been used for small concerts etc and was donated by a past mayor considered to be the most respected person to have ever held office in my town, but sadly I've never been there, neither to the local winery/wine museum, nor to the theatre/estate an actor built as an homage to ancient and byzantine era traditions
If they start jailing people
Breitbart: "200.000 galactic Somali pirates storm Sweden's capital, razing half the city with ion lazers.
In Greece (and I'd imagine many other European countries) there are mainly two institutions offering certification of proficiency, the university of Cambridge, and the university of Michigan
I know Greek people who have been living in the US for 5 generations, you think they are unaware of the fact that their ancestors came there from Greece 100+ years ago?
In this case, there is political agreement achieved at foreign affairs ministers’ level
I don't know why but it seems like it
They are considered black, but to me honest, in Greece we just refer to them as Kalamata olives, as we do for other types of olives, we reffer to them by name, we never say "black olives".
After the Nazis left, the communists were a great threat to the Greek Monarchist state, so there was a brutal civil war between fascists/Monarchists and Republicans against mostly communists and other leftists
Nazis were not the only reason.
The most common word is **Σκίουρος (Skíouros)** pronounced [SKI-uu-ros] This is actually the origin of the English word Squirrel
Parents here and the society in general pressure you to not proceed with making a family before you mature enough, figure out what you're gonna do in life and/or find a stable income
That's why all the dark chocolates here have their last name, Pavlides
I didn't know my region was a part of the Republic of Venice, then a part of the French Republic, then an autonomous Republic under nominal Ottoman suzerainty and Russian protection (essentially a Russian protectorate), then a part of the First French Empire and after that a British amical protectorate called the "United States of the Ionian Islands".
Germany is a widely used example to provide contrast to the greek tendency to view laws as guidelines rather than actual rules
Isolation is not possible in Greek life
My stupid behavior *shouldn't* cost anything to the community.
For some reason this post made me really sad
and yes Serbs did fight the Ottomans for 500 years
It was debated in the European parliament
Δεν μαθατε για τους ειλωτες και το Σπαρτιατικο συστημα δουλειας ?
When the imam starts to call to prayer everybody stops what ever is doing, total silence
Just kill me
This happens in most cities
Greece had domestic terrorism in the past and the terrorists were caught and sent to jail.
If you are against the idea of antifascism, then you are considered a fascist (spoiler: you are not so democratic)
So it's true for regions, villages and islands
respect for good neighbourly relations, sovereignty and territorial integrity
Refugee town right next to the border 10/10
?sponge cloth
Which is why I truly hope this never happens in Greece, I don't know how bad shit will hit the fan if it does.
The deadliest, was back in 1947, the Chimaira shipwreck
its all perfect
We also have [Tabouras]
Even a loaf of bread
I've seen other people say this but any American-ish names i sort of dislike, they just sound wrong for a Greek person
some people celebrate it and have dinners on the 24th and exchange gifts on the 25th
That's true and sadly this will change for good
I felt like especially the greek one was just packed full of as many stereotypes as possible and mainly how a tourist would see us
5°C
It's been under construction since 1985
Talking about it isn't taboo but if you ever say it was better back in the Junta you might just get hut over the head for being a fascist
I hope we don't actually buy any F35s until at least 20 years from now or something
They were not tried for being nazis
It's just that I can't even make myself picture a sheep's head on a plate
Unfortunately, the word "reform" has lost its meaning for a big part of the Greek people.
I only really use it for regional matters relating to Greece
( dont know if it's real or just an urban myth)
Cooking meat-pasta-rice-salads etc is super easy, healthy, and cheap compared with takeaway
Only place I've seen that are from communist rallies and papers from KKE, a stalin inspired commie party in greece, they are hated by everyone.
i mean
I think it's popular many people that I know have them ( even though enough of them don't  take care of it ) , but I also know people who look better with shaved beard so they shave it or they can't grow it so they shave it
The only letters that might be difficult to pronounce for (non-English) learners are δ (/ð/) and θ (/θ/)
Where is the rest of Europe
It's not expected of older people but when ⅓ of your economy revolves around tourism, chances are you will be able to hold a basic conversation with the majority
To clarify something: the 50 euros bribe is for fast tracking the process of printing the driving license
Afterwards, the various regions passed from one master to another (Romans, Arabs, Ottomans, Venetians, French, Englishmen) until we finally got independence in 1830, roughly 2000 years later
You need to take a long hard look at why a post makes 25k in such a short time, as well as the OP and top commenters pattern of posting, instead of just accepting it as normal and "discussion".
For some reason, Greek students love the word "nowadays", some of them will throw it in every composition they write
Impossible the last 1000 years!
Europe is irrelevant and it is walking torwards extreme unimportance.
A greek who doesn't love souvlaki
I assume that by fries you mean French fries
I doubt anyone saw that shitty romcom anyways so you can rest easy.
Even better take the tour of Peloponnese by car
Πιασ' τ' αυγό και κούρεψ'το (pias' t' avgo ke koureps' to)
Yes, especially with what is happening with Turkey and California
Especially in the the winter, It's situated next to a large lake, making it very foggy
Turkish PM claims 130 Aegean islets subject to dispute, opposes Kos exercise
The adjective normally is written like this "patriotis- πατριώτης".
Super Rarely
Where do people eat other than the few tourist traps around the square?
Green: Modern Greek
- visit greek islands
Thus when they want to complain between themselves about their children they start talking Russian lmao
Fought a revolution against an empire while fighting a 3-way civil war at the same time and going into debt through bad management and regional politics, lost in military terms but actually won outright
I am sure he could utilize his powers for the coronavirus vaccine as well
Almost every single one of them
)  Another reason might be that Goody's was already established there
My friend who teaches at an Italian primary school has a student called Daiana
But why were Albanian civilians killed?That is a big question I think.
I'm a student of Kapodistrian University and I find it quite disrespectful that we removed his name like that
Really sad,and predictable strategy
Hell yeah
Ι don't really like living here
I would die to live in a city like that, but I am stuck in Athens,which is not even close to anything in this map
Gentlemen, hoist the colours
But here's the deal, you can make high and mighty moral judgements still, for there is truth in them, but one thing is undeniable, even if the historical reasons I stated sound as excuses:
While their debt remains, payments will be suspended.
I guess the actual solution to this would be to discourage people from using their cars to come into the city center
I went to Evrytania for the first time before all this covid staff
(excluding the 5 dead of the last 7 years from other radicals)
I used to say back then, that among the three countries we'd visited, I'd work in Austria, retire in Slovakia, then travel to Hungary for the holidays
It's never too late to get into the whole 'colonies' business.
But I agree with you t , because the class is biased towards Christianity and it gives more emphasis on it , but at least it is not compulsory
Nothing excuses this kind of violence and that far left scum can go fuck themselves.
[Their "fuhrer" looks like an evil, Pakistani Winnie the Pooh.]
He could be a follower of Xavius, those pointy eyes and shit
Fascism has many heads, but this one is finally after so many years, severed
Anyway I disagree with that (and every kind of) generalization and I think that it's unfair to label and generalize nations/races/ethnicities etc
Then the Turks conquered it and burned it in order to destroy all signs of Hellenism (Churches, architecture etc)
For example Capodistrias role in creating the Swiss federal state structure
Thank you
Damn that sucks dude
Does Garteh Bale count
>and it's really awkward
Greece as we know it today basically came to be in 1830 (we've switched between being a kingdom and a republic quite some times since then though)
No offence but that might be the dumbest thing I've heard today
The European Parliament is nothing but a farce
Edinburgh: *SCREAMS IN GOTH*
Just come to Greece and feel free to eat the whole restaurant
So much airtime spent covering the trial - not just when Magda Fyssa throws water bottles at the murderers of her son who shout "Where is your Pavlos now
2100 - Athens so far
I have been living in Athens my whole life pal
" for instance, and the word seismos is already pretty formal being archaic itself, it's why we also say seismology in Greek, instead of something like shakeology, which would be the more informal equivalent
I'm trying to not create any drama lol
And now kith
And put a new one with bigger letters
There is a role in my mind for a future federal government but there is also a role for the states of such federation.
But you can easily find both anywhere in Greece
Γιατί σε ενοχλούσε?
You will be missed
If by "integration" you mean immigrants completely forgetting where their parents came from, how and why, and not giving a single fuck about their origins, then I'm sorry but that's not how immigration works.
I've learned your tricks
The internet, friend groups and the occasional bio teacher who also doesnt trust vaccines
Indeed, some people might see it that way
i dont see whats the big difference, it was progressing glacially anyway.
Imagine how hot it will be by June.
Well, Bolzano would disagree with you
The ingredients on the other hand
Almost every single one of them
I'd say it mostly has to do with your education/status/family orientation
[Here] is a video with many Rebetika (Rebetiko-style songs)
This is why i am pro-EU but for a decentralized EU not a centralized beraucracy.
I love Italy
You either a killer or you are dead.
Next scene: Trump invasion armada outside Lisbon.
when I was learning Italian I used it to look up the gender of words beginning with 'w' such as weekend and website
3kg) and drami (=3
I came to Sweden 2 months ago, and I told my group of friends in English (I'm in Erasmus right now)
So now, in the Athens Metro, all trains are running every 7 minutes in peak time and every 10 minutes during non-busy hours
What language do the inhabitants use to communicate with each other
Beautiful city and beautiful picture
That's sad, I hope the Poles win and manage to take their right back
it deducts many of its basic values and identity from the Islamic sources
Do you suddenly feel any rush to eat spaghetti though
We have a lot of both of them, I guess
Members of the fascist party Golden Dawn murdered someone a few years ago and during 2020 they finally found the people who did it and also found that they were instructed by the leader of the Fascist party
"Papaki" which translates to "little duck" . I know
Nice islamic country you got there.
Same with μαλάκα which is a common Greek slang word that has a variety of meanings like wanker or asshole
Just to make it as hectic, confusing and annoying for them as they make it for us
The tax policy is also death for business, from small to big.
Age gaps do obviously exist
My dad gave me ouzo when I was 8 while we were eating in a tavern, he was laughing his ass off when he saw my face burning lol
Please excuse my English
Bruh what is the cell
The village where my grandfather is from in Crete actually translates to Little Tit (Vizari)
But on the other hand from my experience paying close attention to negotiations during Grexit crisis .
I second your complaint
I have just shown that picture to my 77 year old dad and he said, is that a Trojan penis
Btw, no worries, as most said, most Athenians feel the same way about the city, despite liking it or not
Guys with €€€ have been already sending their children to private universities for decades now, just in other countries
1921, at one moment Greece has territories in Turkey including Constantinople, and in the next the Allies in WW1 switch sides helping Turkey re take all of their land in minor asia back kicking out the Greeks in the process
This year (I guess because of covid) they built a couple of lanes but no one use them since it's impossible to magically appear there with a bike out of nowhere
Although the problem was solved, the result did not satisfy Athenians’ aesthetic expectations and the statues were removed
Basically because the graph follows in regards to which countries to include.
Mousaka takes a lot of time to prepare so naturally you don't have time or are willing to do it in middle of the week
Jokes on you
Gypsies
> We use χ and pronounce it like the word “he”
Even my family boycotts Turkish products now and they rarely boycott anything
In my opinion not so much, as it didn't really start for a silly reason, but because of a misunderstanding and the fatal results of it.
idk, maybe it isn’t as usual as i thought
What makes you think the economic situation and the refugee crisis are temporary?
Some wrong pronunciations that I have heard over the years and find extremely funny are: choir (tsoh-eer), island (is+land, which makes no sense bc it's not land), cigarette (ts-igarette) and picture (peek-tu-reh)
I understand that, but it's seems a bit like Portugal and Spain suddenly arguing about Uruguay just because 2 centuries ago they're also disputing the territory and so there maybe some descendants there nowadays too...
It wasn't just Byron, but resources and funds from the British Empire.
I can't read it
And [here's a video] of what we think anc
Love that these countries are under western influence and not Russian
Athens
I don't think there is a rule
As for the "all soldiers are fine" bit, you'd better be trolling.
Also how easy is to aquire ID or other documents without a citizenship
This is one of the few times in my life I really prefer america's way on this over central europe's.
Mine was issued in 2008 when I was in my preteens
My (quite long) experience with beaches in Greece (islands and mainland since the 70s and the 80s) is that it used to be more than 50% - especially in the 80s: it was like there was an unwritten rule for women that they must go topless, especially British and German women
The longest fully suspended multi-span cable-stayed bridge in Europe (and the world) — Rio-Antirrio, Greece
Cool but unsuitable for some people (e.g. celiacs)
Both are correct and mean the exact same thing, with Engelados being a more formal definition
All the above in certain places in Greece.
We need that so bad
My opinion, it’s not the best but that’s for me
All just so ND could get votes
It's not just a mainstream view, it is a pillar of their beliefs.
Eggs are not refrigerated untill we brought them home
That would be great
The idea of a kid glueing together nail bags, explosives and a timer/radio detonator in his lunch break at the school cafeteria is not very convincing.
You can have "white male privilege" or just "male privilege" and still commit suicide
Leopards are exactly what you describe though, they only need diesel and some oil to run.
You certainly have a talent to miss the point.
- μυρίζω/τρώω χώμα (to smell/eat dirt)
Man I remember the old days in the 90s when we were getting those smuggled Albanian AK-47s.
Obvs I'd text and explain what's happening and not to to wait for me yet at the usual spot
I think the Germans have a word for this: "zeitgeist".
It's worth it for the landscape and for other specific things, but the infrastructure and amount of people is a pain in the ass
Oh you now justify the invasion of Cyprus too ?
If you don't have insanely deep pockets but you still want to visit them do your best to avoid popular restaurants, don't stay overnight and leave without ever looking back because they might charge you for it
Also ancient Sports famously had nothing monumental on it, not even walls
Italy faces new restrictions
You don't have to drop the ν, it's not Cypriot only
Never in my life i have heard a fellow conservative argue for you have just said.
the details, damn :)
(Western) European kids enterntainment has historically given a surprising low amount of fucks re moral guardians.
Instead of delving into the posting history of redditors you could just downvote their comment and go on with your life or ask them what they mean by that.
Don't judge Greek cuisine by what you may have experienced in the Netherlands, the restaurants abroad are really a different thing (outdated and touristy) than what you will experience in Athens for example
I get really embarrassed by this shit.
I'm pretty sure that's the case in countries who had communist rule.
Can you find it in the linked archive
Alas, if only such simplistic statements gave answers.
True i just tried to show that it wasn't just an act of "protecting" Turks but an actual invasion.
I would able too see new art,  learn new things
I find it interesting how average Turkish person hates Armenians with a passion, I don't get the feeling they hate Greeks as much although growing up I thought they did.
There only "connection" with Russia is Orthodoxy.Greeks are completely indifferent towards Russia too.I don't think that survey is accurate,at least about Greece.
You should hate their governments not the citizens
Greek people love their cars and sadly most of us, think that bikes are for kids
I'd get into a heated debate with you but your username implies you'd explode.
Again, thanks for making your hypocrisy evident
If they were around, they'd go for a coffee
- Lesvos island: It's one of the biggest producing areas of olive oil in Greece, it has a varied and extremely tasty cuisine based on local ingredients and it is also the home of ouzo
All that I know about WWII is by my own research and curiosity
Though greece is maybe a touch more rich in history if you go further back I guess
Maybe there are some elderly people that don't really like them, but generally it's acceptable
You were probably here in the summer then.
but you will never see mixed meats
Its such a obvious false narrative
Roads are too dangerous to even get there
In Greek another common thing to say is "alaburnese" (αλαμπουρνέζικα) instead of Chinese
It's a little bit complicated
You have to compare the before and the after
Okay then,  that's right
The Germans are coming
Is this satire
I just corrected you, not playing games or something.
Revolutionists  used some religions or theistic phrases to spread the messages for revolution , because most people were influenced by religion and the church was hostile towards revolution, so they wad to do that in order to make them fight and not get influenced by the official religious institutes .
In Greece we have the Klephts and the Armatoles who fought against the Ottomans
I don't give two fucks if it was Turkey who claimed him, or USA or China or Zimbabwe, it has nothing to do with that, it has nothing to do with him being a criminal or not, for me personally it simply has to do with **my** country not chickening up and defending a human being when it is more than obvious that if you give him up he's going to suffer all the tortures of the world.
Just hope they're not depending too much on solar panels
I wonder why
After reading other comments our longest running TV show seems tiny
We aren't that independent here from a young age :(
I always felt he had dreams and ambitions and had he lived our country would have been very different
I liked [This one] fromthe 1700
They just put some stops in front of its back wheels
And i hate heat myself, but this .....
Its my firm belief that there can be no winners from a nuclear war.
It's actually a nice little island for quiet and relaxed tourism.
A Union for fucks sake
How appropriate for Aldi to start in a town called Essen (eat)
for the duration of the past century everyone was moving to the capital or the "co-capital" aka Thessaloniki to the point where i live near the capital and i've never met anyone who's grandparents were born and raised in the capital, all my grandparents were born in Crete and moved to Athens except my dads mom that was born in in Smyrna
i dont think we should
The main group that's against cannabis use is deeply religious and conservative people
Then it started raining *really hard* middle of a concert and people were scrambling like hell
Greece is Making Bulgaria Great Again
Hahahahha the French are soooo jealous of us!
Let them tell it to that spoiled child precisely.
Yup
But generally I think it might be kinda rude or inelegant if you ask someone about their wage/salary
Not cities actually, but islands, I think this fits here
\*Laughs in Greek\*
I wish we could learn from that.
He is not literally referring to a lunch.
Skroutz is mostly about Greece so it's absolutely normal that one is better funded than the other.
I've seen numerous dudes but ok
Anybody knows what that suffix means?
where are we
It doesn't block the sun of course.
(BTW I think that the cross ins't only a religion symbol , it has also another use ,it was also the symbol of the Greek seafarers because it symbolized the four points of the horizon
exercised in the manner determined by the Constitution
It's also the same for every place in Greece that is not Athens :p
I don't understand what this whole thing means"...
The accent of Macedonia is considered beautiful but also funny
Just trying to maintain power and influence in a nation that is increasingly becoming non-Christian.
In Greece too
For fuck’s sake, is this where we’ve ended up
I know that you guys are very similar.
It's a little bit complicated
who even starts clubbing before 2 am
But as I said earlier this might change if it's very windy outside
Forever
It was independent, but not Greek
Of course this is a generalization but it's common knowledge that they act like that; most of them do
Edit: added "Modern Greece" section
I am wondering what were the criteria for putting each country into a specific region
Reminds me of  the black island in Tintin
I'd take snow over 40c° anyday
It's true though, glad you got a laugh lol
None cause there aren't any near me but I really want to
hey , taking it after some years than planed is a compromise /s
Mesopotamian Civilizations, Egyptians, Minoans, Mycenaeans, City-States, Persian Wars, The Golden Age of Athens, Peloponnesian War, Macedonians, Alexander the Great, The Rise of Rome, Roman Empire until the foundation of Constantinople
Its interesting the aviation industry to say least
the answer is ZERO
In Greece tho these roads are for cyclers
The Greek Wikipedia generally has severely less information as well as articles compared to the English one
Rent
Also, the main opponents of unification are usually citizens of the "big countries", that think they will have to go backward and get the short end of the stick in order to help the smaller countries, something that -admittedly- already happens to an extent, within the eurozone especially
Please no use the asanser for more of 4 persons
Also today they did that in schools all around Greece
But generally I think it might be kinda rude or inelegant if you ask someone about their wage/salary
I know of only one town here in Greece where they serve frog legs: Ioannina - never been there
in Greece we have 2 kinds of high schools the "Professional high school" aka EPAL (Epagkelmatiko Lykio) and the general high school aka GEL (Geniko Lykio) where on epal you choose a job you want and barely do any other subjects (for example if you want to be a mechanic there are engines there you can work on and actual good PCs) where you learn about programming and softwarer engineering
Meal
*facepalm* /r/ofcoursethatsathing
Swedish parents be like:
Well Greek accents usually brings the topic of place of origin
Serbs are our brothers because we have the same religion and we fought together in the Balkan wars
Ah yes, the good old "but isn't all of Greece like Santorini
a) take years to show any results,
Dora teaches English here too yeah, i found it interesting as a kid that she taught Spanish In the US
Germany backs Aegean NATO missions as Turkish defense minister demands termination of NATO activities
The Odometer
*sobs* I don't wanna
They are living, breathing museums, I would be awestruck everyday
Dolmades is even more time consuming and hard to make
Like I said, Turkey only cared about taking the island, not about "protecting the Turkish Cypriots" so quit your bullshit
It's truly great that we are allies and support each other
Papandreou's era was our golden era
I hope this madness between us ends soon
Just motivated by the power of shitposting.
Some kind of furniture from grandparents
Then again, rarely you would order more than you could eat at the time in such restaurants, as they are pricey (and their portions are not really big)
I have no idea cause I generally don't travel by train, but I only know that to get from where I live (Thessaloniki) to my hometown (Edessa), which is 100km away, the train ticket is 7€
Thessaloniki, but it is not shame, more like mild annoyance
The only saving grace in all of this is that at least there are railway alternatives to buses, which means Time of Arrival is more consistent
My husband is American and I swear to God, he yells more than I do
Obviously no, but I'd like to see constituencies have more control than the centralised Parliament, so such things aren't questioned when it comes to politics
If you disagree with that report, feel free to explain why.
Turkey
[like this]
You ve got some balls to make a threat like this towards a whole contenent
Yep, I was thinking exactly the same.
Crazy, especially hârtie
I opposed the support to the Kosovars, because I did see their insurgency as an act of Albanian imperialism....
But it also depends on the job and on position
Tbh
Representing Greece here
It was called that \[Kalopetinitsa\] due to the high quality of it's roosters used in cockfights
When we entered the eurozone, we got a bond interest rate close to that of Germany
Maybe he wants some leverage on the EU- IMF stand off.
He knows that some crazy people in Italy think that they can just walk away of the eurozone.
Marinakis wants to know your location
It hosts a lot of events like concerts, movie nights most of them free to the public
for example California or Trump's incompetence
If you have any more questions, just ask :)
So there probably was at least some outrage that forced them to change the name to distance the movie from the myth.
Well Greece hit a ROCK bottom in every single thing since the crisis
Then although not usually linked with danger or death there were a bunch of water [Nymphs]
That characteristic smell of burned fat, as it drips on the hot charcoal.
However, I must state that it is not some sort of moral compromise that makes people avoid paying VAT
There exist many  terrifying accounts of torture, murder and sadism in the Greek  concentration camps – one of the outrageous atrocities in postwar  Europe
Bydgoszcz
I became anti-refugee when the governments of Europe started bending the law for refugees and favoring Muslims because of political correctness.
The hot weather
This man is brainwashing his students against democracy, equality etc.
Don't tell me you can find a better paradigm from that
[PAS Florina] (ΠΑΣ Φλώρινα) in Greek 3rd Football division
[Link to original cartoon]
It's quite difficult for most people, especially for those ignorant of how the economy actually works, to comprehend what happened
- 10^21 = eksakisekatommýrio (Six times 10^(6))
You're defending a terrorist who murdered innocent people, you're the one who's clearly insane.
Its practical
If all the other factors remained the same or became better , then we can conclude that Romania is in a better place today (in comparison with their past)
What is "omilia" doing in Italy?
Well, I am hydrated
I really preferred London over Bristol, bath on the other hand is incredible
You claim to be a player but I fucked your wife
That applies for Greek too
Even our previous prime minister is an atheist
Oh, what a *terrible* heatwave /s.
[BREAKING NEWS: Netherlands strike back
Do you know the reason(s) that many people from many countries call you Holland
The plurality internet offers is unbeatable.
City at war
When reporters asked the Minister of Health about this scandal he said "why are you asking me, I am not going to answer to you", yelled about how the press is controlled by the opposition and they only ask about the bad things and finished by telling them "all of you versus me, I have you".
I disagree on this . Poli is very far in our history and as the Byzantine Empire, like most Empires, was meant to fall
I thought it was pretty funny because in Greek "tafos" means grave
I think it's mire than good compared to other Greeks, but I want to improve it a bit
man, we only hang out in the suburbs because it's nice there
Airspace violations, Ciller threatening to send troops in Athens or Ozal sending Turkish warships almost starting a war ?
But going to a concert doesn't mean respecting the musicians' views on life or politics or anything else - you just go there to enjoy the music.
We call it crow language ( korakistika - κορακίστικα ) and we add **ka** every syllable
listing Middle-East and Balkans as ethnicites
How hard it is for you to just read a couple of comment above or below ?
You probably know that Greek schools are lacking in many departments so it was just another thing that we didn't have
I have the worst for you
whatever i could gather from broken sword
I really wish you guys the best and for things to calm down
It's used where I live, but I don't know if it's used all over Greece
you survey with spirit bold
Πώς παίρνετε την ελληνική σημαία δίπλα στο όνομά σας
An English guy who calls football "soccer".
If you visit Copenhagen and don't take a pic in Nyhavn you didn't visit Copenhagen, I don't make the rules
Edit: communists tell the story
Andreas Andreou son of Andrea Andreou and Andriana Andreou would like a word :p
in [this instance] he is trying to say "we have eaten the donkey, and now all that's left is the tail" it's a Greek saying and he butchered it
And some of my albanian friends agree
Another memorable trip was in the last year of high school where we went a trip to Central Europe (Czech rep
They should bring public vote back
It's been 25 years since I went to Paris and I only remember of the croissants I had for breakfast
scary
Edit: Apparently according to another commenter it means "a small dose of medicine or drug in powder form". Interesting
I am surprised at how many fans haggis has :)
I was  young when we learnt about it in school, so I might need to re-educate myself on that matter
TIL that in some countries they named their children Glezos to honour him
But to be fair the results are specifically for roads with holes, not generally for roads in rural areas
And a lot of it
This is what we mean when we say "depends on the text"
Which is why I was being sarcastic
And, heh, Turkey is not European
it makes no sense
Not Albania,North Macedonia, or Bulgaria are nations that threaten us in no way
Sleeping pills and a G&T will do wonders for sleeping on a plane
I only eat it with pasta
That is VERY alarming to me, because these people want to be cops
Russia has absolutely no reason to back Greece up and won't do it.
I once flew from Greece to Finland but my flight was delayed so I started speaking to another girl who was also Greek
They probably wonder why is everyone upside down
That seems like a proper analogy for the entire country
Now we know where XKCD takes place
(If I'm not mistaken all are free)
Most countries
4 70-90 s.m apartments, rent them out for 500€ a month, make 2k a month, live comfortably for the rest of my life
Per the Treaty of Guarantee, Turkey was justified in *intervening* in case something like that happened
Yup, I can't translate it word by word but we use it to suggest that sth is "just right"/"as is should be", mostly meaning that it is ideal for the circumstance at hand
>Us, Spain, Italy and Greece are asking Germany to pick up the tab
The Ottoman Empire was backwards and a disaster.
Send help
The other day we were having a nice chat at work
Not really
Facts are FACTS
I guess you weren't born when those events took place
(For example  Cyprus that it has similar culture but better economy , was darker on this map
I would say that to me it just seems to be a poor excuse to say that sharing awareness is enough
I don't really like the way the EU is going, but I do believe that the best solution is to stay in and fight to make the institution better for all of us
Yeah Varoufakis is known mainly in Europe.
Earlier than that I get lost easily, like Attic Greek I can't understand, I can read and pick words and grammar but not general meaning easily at all
Some years ago in a reality show, there was a guy who introduced himself as a rugby coach
The protest was mostly peaceful, the police started throwing chemicals and use water hoses against the people gathered
Dekaeksi(16)
Time to liberate Southern Pakistan, rightful Greek clay.
From then on, exposure to movies, TV shows and the internet are more or less enough to maintain the near-native level I am happy to say I have achieved
3d objects always look like half the object, for anyone who looks at them from any position.
I wouldn't say i was disappointed, but i was certainly unimpressed
Ask the Turks and Venetians
Mythos beers are way better than the others
Farage had already said he would call for a new one when he thought he had lost so yes people had called for another one.
edit: my opinion, of course
And here's to hoping that the non-European Islamic dictatorship across from us that shall not be named never ever joins
Serious shitposts will not exist.
What did just write
A good recent photo is [this one] of a Greek soldier in the Greco-Italian war (ww2) smiling, really showing how the Greeks felt about the war
But we have to wait to learn who did it and why
Wife of French presidential candidate Fillon held for questioning
They illegally occupy Cyprus and they oppress the Kurds for so fucking long.
Hopefully Lukashenko will be resigned soon, together with Trump, Johnson, Bolsonaro, Orban, Vucic, Putin, Erdogan & co
I knew some Polish in school, but I guess school wasn't a good environment for drinking
most people only know the names of the typical like Texas, Florida, New York and that's about it but personally i can point out most of them on map (i have to say you guys were too bored when you were drawing borders)
Well if the germans make the best and cheapest tanks of them all (which they do ironically) , I cant see how this is unfair.
Fluffy or chewy
&#x200B;
For example:
Fun fact, it's also pretty normal to ask for any leftover bones when eating meat to give them to your dog
Generally I'm not fan of national anthems to the point that when i watch a video who features a national anthem i skip that part
Enemies or not, relocation or genocide, their cause was a tainted one from the start
Excuse me for my wrongdoing, I meant that children can get in a college without the exams, by paying, while us in public/private schools have to give them
I think the maximum you can have in Greece legally is 27
Edit: to clarify, income tax is not 50%. But adding up all taxes and the various government fees we pay throughout the year it does add up to around 50-56%.
How are we going half way with EVERYTHING?
No you don't understand me I've seen people claim he was turkic ethnically
Take the egg and cut its hair - when something is too complicated and you don't know where to begin tackling it
Now, why the fck would I lie about somethig like that
But much to my surprise as well, the comment is not entiiirely wrong (???)
Never made sense to me
And that he is the Greek Mr Bean
Finally Haiti too
Well I guess so XD I mean I just remembered they did do some good stuff like making the Cyrillic alphabet
The union isn't perfect
Check flag(So lt is spies then)
Looking at Turkey, this map didn't age well at all :')
που'σαι ρε αντρα φυσφιρή που την εχεις σαν σφυρι
Definitely Santorini and Mykonos
But also some movies and some public figures of USA portray them as immigrants so sometimes I have this image in my mind , but I know that's not always the case and many of them are legit American citizens
That's why he has a [street] named after him!
I may or may not be kind of biased here, but if you count Greece as a Balkan country, then probably Athens because of the importance in history I guess
Usually yes,except if you are very close to them  and they let you do it ( like for example the house of you grandparents that you visit very often) or if they have given you the permission to do it
Funny with your flair; are you enjoying those other people's stolen taxes up in Finland?
So basically, what I mean is that small non intrusive logos are very normal, but it sometimes can seem weird if you wear a shirt with huge branding with some small exception
Speaking as many languages as possible is a huge skill nowadays
name I won't say for privacy
As long as there's a filter, we'll drink the tap water no problem
I don't think we import any of these brands.
Paola & Pantelidis (rip) youtube views suggest otherwise.
Ευχαριστώ που απέδειξες το επιχείρημά μου.
Actually they made it in Bulgaria but first taught it in Russia
Popular sovereignty is the foundation of
The War of Independence would be interesting as well, naval battles, land battles, drama, the lot
Once, i was asked for a passport because in their words "the ID is written only in Cyrillic"! 1
looool
Stating that in fact the opposite is stated in the Turkish educational system
Hi there
If I was working in the morning and then had to dress up and run, yeah there would be times I'd miss the bus
If I recall well, Anor Londo in DS1 was filled with spires everywhere, with all the buildings looking like the top part of a cathedral, which is not an actual representation of an actual city.
By the way, I am completely in love with your country and its people
Konya= Ikonio
Why would u want to tho
Dame tu cosita, ay
Γιατί σε ενοχλούσε?
Suck on that, Suez
Christmas Man sounds like an awesome superhero if you are a kid.But he gets lamer the older you get and have to buy your own gifts :/
Flamethrower
ή θανατος
I know but Kurdistan in particular is a really realistic idea, they are 30 million worldwide they need their own nation
Workers rights are like vaccines, people focus on some bad instances and believe tha life will continue as is whithout them, but oh boy if you take them away..
Not a word, but μεν/δε. It's kinda annoying to type the full "on one hand/on the other hand" because there isn't something better
The best friend would be Cyprus since we are the same people.
aaand it's done
I am going to answer about the municipalities that are near me, based on a quick search
Out of curiosity ,what do most actual Turkish Cypriots think of the Turkish settlers
It was VERY unfortunate event indeed
This country fits some many nein
At least we fine them and get some of the stolen money back
were chosen via referendum multiple times in the 18 and 1900s.
[like this]
Apparently he realized I kept misunderstanding him
very common
And I mean a Lot
Does Taffo mean anything in Italian
Keep fighting for your rights
No one would say Athens is only 664,00 people or that Thessaloniki is 354,000
Yes and if the US introduces visas for all EU citizens that's perfectly fine
Like after getting banned from SOCIAL media ot would have been reflected very badly in his SOCIAL credit score, because that's what social means
Greece is isn't very densely populated, so there are quite a few places like that, mainly around the more mountainous regions, where land can't really be used for farming
You: snails
My aunt used to watch it and I recall watching a few episodes with her and wanting to cry of boredom
He is talking about the kit, not the team's quality.
Copy-pasting my comment on /r/MapPorn because I'm bored:
Its not like people cannot see the obvious efforts to minimize the violence of far left terror groups,and what better way to do that than point to neonazis
[Yeah only they destroyed the marbles too]
I mean, we arent americans, most ultras/hools here actually help their team mire then cause trouble
True, it does foreshadow them, but at the same time it is not overrated (if that makes sense haha
The fact that a person can be so stupid is beyond me
Ottomans made special taxes to christians and provided privileges to people who converted to islam.They also STOLE christian children to use them for military.
During the last year of high school, the amount of information that is included in the curriculum literally cannot fit into a normal school year
I'm sold
The real greek breakfast is frappe, cigarette and aspirin
15 per 500mL
Yeah I know, but we're talking about the letter Z saying how X at the start of a word in English becomes a Z doesn't change that
"Rhino" in English comes from Greek "Rhinoceros" which means nose horn as well lol
Loukanikos the Riot dog ? He was a true fighter :)
Its so fucking cringy when Europeans do this
Interestingly enough,we do this thing too with silver/golden coins attached to them,it reminds me of the folk dress that  women from Thessaly wear [
So, as you can imagine, the password i thought I wrote, was completely different than the one I actually typed
I'm very very very different from the rest of Greeks
Nothing
I agree
ο,τι is a pronoun and means 'whatever'
Perfectly Cool: 10°C -- 19°C
Why tho
Claiming that you sacrificed school in order to be an activist is the biggest bullshit of the century and will lead to many problems in both the children’s future and the planet’s.
People would rather still use the drachma down here as well, but for *completely* different reasons lol
You didn't specifically ask but Greeks can fully communicate with Cypriots but we can tell them apart from their accent
110 means go as fast as you can
Here's the thing; we write 11 vowels (α, ε, η, ι, ο, υ, ει, οι, υι, ω, ου) but only pronounce 5 (/α/, /e/, /i/, /o/, /u/) so when a word has an /e/ (ε or αι), an /o/ (ο or ω) or an /i/ (ι, η, υ, ει, οι or υι) sound you can't really predict the spelling, unless there's some certain rule to it (e.g feminine nouns end in -η)
if you compare with today IMO
The Golden Dawn trial is still being talked about a lot
In taverns and traditional restaurants, it is pretty common to ask them to wrap up the leftovers so that you can take them home
It's the equivalent of Quisling, but only meant for high class people (eg the PMs that have signed the bailouts, in recent times)
Bte why did you write Scottish & British in your flair
[  [
Plus, I'd find it *very* hard to trust the Greek state with setting up & running a nuclear plant properly.
But as long as you are against fascism and any form of oppression I won't mind
Every person from the Balkans has a similar story
Why not both
Edit: Small correction, the above info from the article is about the 1987 heatwave that peaked at 44° not the 1977 one that peaked at 48°.
That's based on what I read by some sites and some montengrin people like this
You must be fun at parties
Wasn't disappointed because i wasn't expecting anything monumental but I actually enjoying taking a walk to reach the statue and then trying to step on the rocks to get close for a some funny photos
Even northwestern and midwestern Greeks do that, mostly on the mountains
It is just proclaimed to be so.
Below that we are getting into freezing territory
Fair enough, although that's kind of an every-small-city kinda thing
In all seriousness though, I get it, it's not really easy to be able to stand both
Edit: Plus Latin in the humanities and Ancient Greek from the 7th grade on
You can have "white male privilege" or just "male privilege" and still commit suicide
I'm happy that you know all that :) I'd ask you to be a man and at least admit that you just wanted the island instead of hiding behind your excuses of protecting the Turkish Cypriots but that would imply that you have balls and well
Don't know if it happened when I was younger
the level of hypocrisy in this thread is astounding, NATO is an alliance the military of every member is NATO, now add those to the map plz and lets see the real extend of NATO forces around Russia .
Xenofones Cyrus anabasis
So a plate would look something like [this]
It's about the Bosnian War where Serbs commited terrible atrocities against muslims btw.
So the result is, people from countries who hadn't contained the virus well at all, started coming to Greece and then the new cases started going up by the day, it's at somewhat 50+ new cases a day now and it's gonna get worse
Great public transport (although expensive)
Then we can just binge watch the lectures, cause stress is the best motivator
There's not a trace of Atlantis either
Imagine yourself being surrounded by all that fake news, propaganda - agendas, lies etc from both domestic and foreign media,tv channels and others at a time you are the most vulnerable.
When Venetians were ousted by the Ottomans, the name was turkified to Kandiye
Despite that I disagree with removing and cancelling any form of art (even though Leopold is one of the few who probably deserved to be removed, from all the historical figures who have had their statues toppled), I have to call it as I see it: This is hypocrisy from the Belgian state
That's beautiful.At least that's my opinion.
how can a photo be more identifieble as German than the German flag itself
Why do you hate Italy tho
>Quite the opposite I would say
Αγία Ρωμαϊκή Αυτοκρατορία. (Agia Romaiki Aftocratoria) (Greek)
Oh damn I need to start saying that, whenever I get asked that I just say "Well, what the f do you want me to say, then
Depending on the grade, you can have feom 5 up to 7 hours of lessons each day, and maybe 8 or 9 in music high school and private schools
Honorable mentions: France, Russia, UK and Lebanon (Phoenicians), Armenia, Syria also
They claimed that the didn't do any of these, but the evidence proved otherwise
I haven't heard of a similar subject in any other country but I'm curious to know if there's anything similar that I just haven't heard of
Point of view, travel to Dodekanisa(apart from Rhodes) or the Ionian Sea, or my favorite, Crete
I could try to use google translate if it is in Belarussian
>  I barely see them
I am debating whether I should repost it or leave it as it is.
The internet has obsoleted them but in return we have very lousy messengers.
Milos,Serifos,Amorgos etc beautiful places but you have to give your kidney in order to spend 5 days there
That is not to say that the inability of the EU to punish turkey hadn’t hurt its reputation but nothing that serious
Olympics
Yeah (and for everyone who migh be interested) it came from a word that originally means daddy
>The Union of Greek Shipowners cites independent data indicating Greek owners account for 53% of all EU-controlled shipping capacity and 51
I know
You say that like it's a bad thing
I like this map
Brexit and Trump may be puzzling but are they anti-globalization?
In a multi party system everyone pulls to his respective direction thus creating chaos.
During their arrival in Greece many Albanias received racism due to the fact that along with the Albanian people that came, there were many criminals who managed to ruin the good picture of their compatriots.
Το πανεπιστήμιο Κρήτης ξεπερνάει όλα της υπόλοιπης Ελλάδας στον δείκτη THE, ο οποίος μετράει τις επιδόσεις με βάση τις δημοσιεύσεις που βγάζει το πανεπιστήμιο κάθε χρόνο. Και γενικά η αλήθεια να λέγεται, το επίπεδο της εκπαίδευσης που έχουμε, δεν υπάρχει ιδιαίτερα στο ΕΚΠΑ/ΑΠΘ, τουλάχιστον από ότι έχω ακούσει.
I also do it with my friends and it's not sexual at all.
So, I guess that means that this is the usually hottest temperature during those months and not the everyday temperature
Τζον μεϊντ χις ουεϊ του εϊ ταβερν θρου δε νταρκ φορεστ, ονλη του φαϊνντ αουτ δατ χη φοργκοτ χεις μονυ.
Μυνιμα
Definitely not by counting votes from each state for over a day
We are important in the maritime sector, especially to everything coming from Asia and the fact that we have the biggest merchant fleet
What I am saying is that's another entirety, having a social aka moral credit score
I think you are right and for some reason 3% of people voted him , even if he lied about having letters of Jesus and then he took it back , but the video that he said it still existed, that was clearly dishonesty . His followers are literally delusional
In Greece, we still call it via Egnatia ("Egnatia Odos")
Google "ναος αρτεμης ευβοια" to see some pics of the remains.
That has been exactly our behaviour through the last decade (and more or less before, too)
Oh I guess something did change: I couldn't use certain credit cards online because of some "Capital Controls" or whatever
The adjective normally is written like this "patriotis- πατριώτης".
a sort of Murray Bookchin, if you know what I mean
Pyrgos is gypsy capital of Greece, and yup, one of the worst cities
It was funded by the Stavros niarhos foundation o wealthy greek ship owner
I'm a Greek with Slavic roots and it's also my name, lol
Fun fact: That wasn't a fact
her hands are not protected though
Obviously, I am not speaking for everyone rn, but for the younger generations this is becoming more and more of a trend
You can likely find cheap places with a small commute.
It's basically up to whoever is doing the course to pick a platform
Wow
[this one's  very  bad ass]
Drinks lots of water, don't eat too much
[Relevant]
If you drove through there in the middle of the night, and heard some animal cry or howl, or the sudden gust of wind through the trees, I bet you will forget you're a person living in the 21st century, and all the creepy Irish folklore will have come back to life and haunt you
Nothing is ever free, especially from russia.
Some of these make perfect sense
I think that Nazi party had less than 50% support,  so I guess most Germans weren't supporters of the Nazi party
Find me another European country that this sort of thing happens !!
And they fit your description (Mani is tiny, noone cares)
Who knows how each language is gonna sound in the future
Most countries use comma as the decimal separator
TIL the GDP of Germany is fucking huge
I don’t like ouzo,I prefer vodka
But why
In tavernas we always order too much ( I mean you would too with the great food that they serve)
Thing is, Muslim, Turkish speaking Anatolians who identified as Turks genocided Christian Anatolians who identified as Greeks, Pontians and Armenians
Όσο ποιο νότια πας τόσο πέφτουν τα νούμερα.
And some piece of advice for people who want to try and bring "Tsiknopempti" in their own country.
Would love an actual EU passport
Secondly, ok call antifa a terrorist group
Police in Austria are hunting for at least six men accused of "unprecedented" sexual assaults on New Year's Eve in the city of Innsbruck.
Bogdanos and A. Georgiadis
The Alarm Clock
Although he had been living abroad since he was 18, it was the first time he lived in the south and the first time punctuality was a problem since when his Greek friends would be late he didn't really pay much attention as they never had a set time
:D I meant I was looking for their birthplaces' history.
There is a small secret, Athens is a city that hates its history
Small businesses, pharmacies, doctor's offices, lawyers, and the public sector are closed during lunchtime, for at least 3-4 hours, which a lot of people take advantage of to eat lunch (lunch is our main meal in Greece) and maybe nap
Massive WW2 Bomb Found Under Greek Gas Station Forcing 50,000 People Out Of Their Homes
The media do not reflect it but there is much poverty in America.
And let that be a reminder to all those that talk down to anyone with a snowball-gift Parthenon.
Not to be confused with the three K's of white supremacy
Because even though you conquered half the world nobody wants to eat your food
Turkey’s Foreign Minister Melvut Cavusoglu: "Greece is a spoiled country and do not forget what the Turkish military is capable of exacting on the Greek people" - After recent threats about invading Imia islands in Greece
IKEA in Greece, is considered expensive, stylish and  not very sturdy as furnitures
The people were very keen to follow the politicians last time though
The reason they revolted was because the European powers were occupying them, they were pretty much Ottomans who revolted against foreign occupying powers, they didn't revolt against the Ottomans.
Yes it is
Even in Crete where they have lots of wind , the temperatures are still like 39+during the summer
Did I even talk about "real Greeks" or something?
"We love these guys" fits better to Italy or France
Sorry for the late reply; it's at the Athens university campus in Zografou.
Warning to Turkey that real sanctions will take place if turkey goes against refugee deal.
You 're just describing subcultures.
This is so damn accurate, the Greek parliament was exactly like this until the most recent election
This is Modern Greek so the pronunciation is a bit different:
Μήνυμα
It’s stupid to ban cigs in bars when the bar is peddling its own poison
Lol
There's no such thing as "Greek" Cypriots.Just Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots.Are Mexicans called "Spanish" Mexican just because they speak Spanish and are Catholic?
Macedonians, Epirotes, Thessalians, Thracians feel more connected to their respected areas (or simply Northeners) and then Greeks Fter that
Analogy -> observation
>the Sirens  were dangerous creatures, who lured nearby sailors with their enchanting music and singing voices to shipwreck on the rocky coast of their island
Without Otto and his family there would have been no university
You have Turkey as your neighbor now
Sometimes that, sometimes I may have learnt how to say something in English but Greek is more readily available in my mind
I was in awe
I'd say we are on a similar level to Romania
All powers derive from the People and
That's nothing
Is there specific islands that are most popular?
I am not happy with that replacement.
I also tend to use the English term when I can't remember the Greek term, though I am trying to reduce that
Yea some people take advantage of the freedom of everything they are offered in EU
Theodoros Kolokotronis
I mean supposing you go to sleep around 23:00, aren't you awfully hungry again by then
We all are unique and we can all go forward together through the things that connect us
The Greek way
In Greece we still have the "Occupation" syndrome (Katohiko)
I especially like the fact that most people are tolerant and open minded
A Turkish national was arrested on Wednesday on suspicion of spying, Greek authorities announced.
Idk bout Greece in general but in Thessaloniki we say that the metro was late
Thats actually a pretty cheap way to cover the walls
Exactly
You know what they say about dwarves
Edit 2: Now I get it
lmao
I feel like you haven't been to the UK until you've been anywhere besides London
From what is leaked from various developers over the recent years about a month prior to seasonal sales they receive an e-mail informing them about the sale, asking them about the percentage of discount they want on their games (if they are willing to participate).
For example:
What village/town you come from?
The reddit Turks are a minority, they pretend to be open minded, liberal etc but they hate Arabs and Kurds for some reason.
(excluding the 5 dead of the last 7 years from other radicals)
yeah so they could control us have us as puppet states, not because they were sad about our nations
&#x200B;
I vaguely remember showing an ID in Swiss borders but then I think they stopped doing that after a few months
Oh boy, time to sort by controversial
i think it’s kinda both in greece
road
It was kind of an inevitable trajectory.
The campaign started before the winter and it ended before the winter started
Not to mention Turkish coffee which is also black coffee, even though that’s made in a cevze
&#x200B;
Thank fuck, maybe the conspiracy nuts will stop eventually
Could this be another reason why Erdo is acting like a bitch lately?
1/3 of the population lives in Athens
Let us also thank all the Euro bros that assisted for our Liberation.
Oh yeah I forgot Georgian as well.
It better not get stuck Lmao
Το ΚΑ τα καλούδια που έχει η ζωή
I really like this trend of redrawing the lo-fi girl for different countries
yes, and it also changes depending on wether you are thanking one or more people
Even then, the majority isn't drunk and it's considered especially immature for older people
Did the EU know the books were cooked?
Wait are you arguing that Italians are NOT successors of the roman empire
I can assure you Greece is not that cheerful
Now you get it
From there to the Church of St
For anyone wondering how the hell everyone has ISIS fighters per capita> 1, in the sense that as it's presented, there are more ISIS fighters than citizens for each country, the paper first of all doesn't use the term "per capita" for this metric and second, without making it absolutely clear in the tables, it mentions that these are ISIS fighters per million inhabitants in the text.
In Greece itself δισεκατομμύριο is translated to billion and corresponds to the order of nine zeroes
Although he raised the national debt, he built most of the universities and he gave a tremendous help to the farmers
Simpler is the fact that paying taxes here are a nightmare, especially on a hot summer or cold winter, because stupid and antiquated infrastructure means you have to go to the building you have to pay, and wait for a long time behind other people, although, again, the new government tries to remedy it, easing it would take money
ΧΑΧΑΧΑΧΑΧΑΧΑ έλιωσα
While a big number of Greeks are participating in foreign Erasmus programs we rarely get foreign ones in the Greek universities
Feel not a stranger visiting other eu members
Katiki
At 13 I was watching full movies without subtitles in my language and reading English books
**Grammar wise:** have a damn good memory
Cyprus, Korea, Civil War, Infinity War, Endgame, and a few more still unannounced Avengers probably
I would like to see the methodology for this data.
So nazi collaborators became backbones of the greek right-wing state for decades
Mal(a')ka \[Μαλάκα\] and Malak(a') \[Μαλακά\]
It's okay
Only if it's possible to take the train, I obviously can't go from Greece to Sweden by train for example
But there are also many normal people, centrists and some who lean towards the right that are antifascist
Although we have Many balconies
You don't wanna be saying that you're eating kids
Me too
He'll have a hard time fighting against descendants of Sparta, Athens and Crete.
I guess it's an appropriate time to say "fair enough"!
I kind of agree but disagree as well.
Then we had modern Greeks with a mixture of poetry and stories like Sepheris, Elytis, Papadiamantis etc
If it was happened in a country like Venezuela or Iran it would've been a hot topic here but since it's happening in a obscure country like Belarus they won't give a single damn
And well, we share a religion with most of the Balkans and from what I've seen many traditions and customs as well
Also, Ionian islands get so much less love than they should
It is so nice and refreshing
138 εκατόν τριάντα οκτώ (ekaton trianta okto)
One day I would also like to visit your country :)
The absurd law that banned the police from entering university premises is getting abolished
Having the false security of being in another country where no one spoke Greek I went on and on about how handsome he was (nothing inappropriate mind you)
DAMELOOOOOOOOOO
If Erdogan is not nationalist enough for them then why is the CHP ?
also some the west might consider racist
Well the alternative to multiculturalism is monoculturalism.
Which contradicts the overpopulation issue of the planet
Cool but unsuitable for some people (e.g. celiacs)
>tragedies are the hardest texts to translate
I find Malta fascinating
Yeah though I have no idea when it happened
My first comment was way too general, my merkelish-bro, maybe the Germany video was good.
The real question is why isn't he in jail now?
Once there was Asia, and then there was a really short 20 year old man
They still exist but my kids are too young atm to send them there so I don't know how popular they are now
You are right about the other thing, not necessarily young, but most often than not they are (at least here)
Greek food is actually heavily on the vegetarian side tho
I would like to point out that the lack of wars since *[1815] same as Switzerland (except the Sonderbund War) certainly didn't hurt its economy and stability..
Serbians and Armenians are our bros for life
That was horrible
Don't we all have a passenger like that
Sparta is too south and also almost a village at this point
Any other Greek would just smile and look to another store
PC\\Windows: This [bad boi] sometimes an animated EU Flag I made
That’s the moment I decided I’m never going to vote for that guy
ωραιος, εννοούσα lack of development, απλα ημουν βιαστικος ο μλκς.. θενκς!
Aristotle considered the Greeks to be the "ideal" race due to the medium skin color, and afaik the Romans had very a biased view on northerners.
Besides that though, Greeks and Turks are very similar, at some regards almost identical and the fact that the Greeks are European and the Turks are not, means European is only a geographical term and nothing more than that
Communistic
t. southern Europe
you know how it goes
I agree
Vice-President of the European Parliament and senior German Politician, Alexander Graf Lambsdorff, Calls for Grexit
A communist party (Communist Party of Greece)  that took 5
Enough of a reason for all Italians and Greeks to publicly execute me
Even if the debt disappeared it wouldn't be long untill its next comeback.
So Europe is divided between the Green Empire and the Beige Empire.
I enjoyed being able to see the world through someone that grew up in a country so different from mine (weather, food, customs, views on life in general and what’s important)
Convey me his reaction, I really hope he likes it
For example, during the population exchange between Greece and Turkey, 1.500.000 christian Anatolians were settled in Greece.
>"Aegea is not a greek lake, neither a turkish like
At least now we have vaccines
Έλα σε καμία βδομάδα να σχολιάσουμε τις προκλήσεις των γειτόνων και παρακάλα να μην τα ξεθαψουν αυτά από το ιστορικό σου γιατί κανένας μας δεν θέλει να μας συσχετίζουν με τις πλυστρες του νεοναζισμου.
Be polite, honest and open
Bulgaria: "How do I stop scratching my butt
It comes from the roots σκιά ( which means "shade, shadow”) & ουρά (which means “tail”)
The Cretan archers were considered to be the amphibians of the eastern Roman empire, as they were excellent with ships and ground battles, especially in archery
Taking all words literally and not the real meaning
Oh yeah, i agree with you
fellow Greeks in this thread say we don't have one, but I remember a family friend teaching me "ένας ελέφαντας / enas elefadas", meaning one elephant, as a way to count
Perhaps find a country like Portugal or so, it's somewhere in between if you go to the north
-->And yeah , that's what I think too
Pack it up guys, tommorow's celebrations are canceled
oh great, now he's definitely going to win the election!
Among the youth especially, most smoke on occasion, and it is very widely regarded as unhealthy and stinky
I have noticed that because of lack of organisation, we tend to become more indepedent and "creative" to survive.
There are almost no traces of the 2000 years that have passed since then
Where are you from
The problem is that they decided to use the money that EXCEEDED the surplus target for whatever reason they see fit.
I mean in Greece a water bottle costs 0,50€ literally everywhere, even in airports
Everyone's face when the orange man opens his mouth
yeah ur right lol, i’m dumb i forgot they were different
Our news mentioned that he said something about his "golden leg" too so
Are the Greens any less "let's do nothing that would even remotely risk our economy" than the CDU when it comes to dealing with Russia and Turkey
He banned assemblies of more than 50 people
For a few years after the war they couldn’t go to school because schools were destroyed
Despite that, you can't deny that it's an explosion of art and history
Yes
It has nothing to do with "my culture" or "European culture" it's the same to me as if something like that happened to the statue of Jesus of Nazareth in Rio or if like the Pyramids got destroyed etc
That is so well written that I can't help thinking that you've done this before :P
Heyyyo the last Roman Emperor was Constantine....
Two years in Lyzeum back in the 90's, and I mean strictly ancient Greek, not the translated or semi-translated stuff we had in Gymnasium
Dublin's safe feeling in the city center
Ok here is some perspective from a non native speaker: American English is easier to pick up, because of the vast resources: many movies, series, songs, etc
I don't know if you know Tsipras (former Prime Minister of Greece) ... Won't say more, [I'll let the man speak for himself]
Firstly because they're more open-minded regarding different recipes/cuisines and secondly because of the range of information available online
I've been told that my standard Greek accent sounds better, but sometimes I can't shake the uneasiness when it starts sounding like a port barker (those yelling "rooms to let" when you get off a ferry in most Greek islands)
It is about to change
Countries included:
I hope that she wasn't a history teacher
Another great interview was with historian Niall Ferguson
As i 've suggested to r/the_donald though, this will backfire , the same way the mainstream media collusion backfired in US.
Comparing the generations that actually went to school with those that didn’t, I conclude that children SHOULD go to their freaking schools and they can protest on a Saturday or a Sunday
There liberals in China or Russia too.
How do I add that country tag next to the username?
He is a conservative liberal, but a liberal nonetheless.
Lmao, if you think not paying taxes creates a deficit of that scale and not bad financial decisions by the govt
This is the most I have laughed in days.
(Something not related with the subject) But don't you mean they, since the discussion is for another country
Or the Thessaloniki metro for us Greeks haha
Edit: the penultimate is the one in the second paragraph
Cyprus speaks Greek, or at least that's what they claim
>That's just not normal
We must be open to all kinds of documentation though
It's like the Florida of Greece
Anyway back to what you said
I remember hearing in the news that they were deemed a terrorist organization but that's just a matter of definition I guess
*When in Rome, do as the Romans do* and all that jazz
What the
In Greece we say Γαμωτο/Gamoto but we also use the Turkish one, Siktir
But what exists is that you drink beer and eat sausages all the time
Law isn't perfect and a lot of people make fake crime scenes because of it
Also football teams
Don't they have jurisdiction there?
Idk dude, it's definitely a bold and environmentally conscious move, but fuck knows how it will play out considering the layered mismanagement that seems to be ever present in Greece, unemployment issues, polarisation instead of constructive debate in public opinion, and the inherent corruption of an elitist self serving system
Omg there is also a greek version of this lovely song
a politician been a hypocrite ?
Now I love it
That's a problem of your phone (or the official reddit app), really.
Summertime so it becomes night time between 20:00-21:00
Like it a lot as a 21 year old
If you are asking about the "Being dicks" part, it's hard to explain without living it for yourself
The length of each period varies; first is 45 mins, 2nd is 50, 3rd is 45, 4th to sixth are 40 amd 7th is thirty, though that might not be true for each school
Good food doesn't need spices to taste good
People usually talk when they complain about something
Either Albanian (through immigration) or Turkish in Thrace or Slavic dialects in Macedonia and Thrace (Regions in Greece)
Anything regarding our economy
Mainly cause of their Metro
Ideologically hell no
Yeah that's what I said
Pretty sure re establishing the death penalty is one of Greek solution's commandments as well lol
Notre dame is a major cultural part of France, more so than the Eiffel tower
Boko Haram is an official ISIS militia now and is under the authority of Al-Baghdadi and they already control like 25% of the country.
Trash trash everywhere
I've visited plenty of times, Campania, Apulia and southwards and heard it every time, never heard it in Venice, Florence and Milan though
rose chaffer (χρυσόμυγα) = goldfly
I hope this makes some sense(?)
: Nonsense
Is it weird that my æ kinda looks like a φ? I'll make an edit with a pic asap lol
i'm actually from a small Cretan village that was popular for being the capital of these thief groups called [Gonies (meaning peaks)]
Same in Greece
There is a really funny video compilation of attempts of hollywood to speak greek
In my university we have a plethora of different apps and platforms that we use
Hungary needs an intervention at this point
Ancient Greece : Water Mill
I don't do drugs but I'm always open to the opportunity of exploring alternative realities
Who knows
That is the exact title of financial times...
I don't think we use a specific method
A walk through the Aristotle's Squere uo until the ancient Roman Agora
I don't think we really dislike people, at least not for balkan standards
If both parties weren't so petty this would have been solved years ago
Ouzo, Tsipouro and Retsina
However, he pulled a trick on them and dissolved the military regime and called for elections, real elections not the staged ones the junta used as a legitimacy thing
For example there are Greek's that have blue eyes and blond hair ,brown eyes,  with light skin with dark skin,  people that have small lips, big lips etc
Then move, you got a european pass, you can go and live/work anywhere.
I have that same ikea photo on my wall too
Oh my smartphone is from Korea, my router from China, my car from Germany, my TV from Japan, my clothes from Turkey/Malaysia/Taiwan, my money in Swiss banks, my military equipment from the US, all the big logistics companies in Netherlands
Greece is a regional power so to say economically speaking, but it's more Greece with some Balkan influences from a cultural point of view and not the other way around
It's all Greek to me
I was not familiar with the fish pie, so I just read its recipe
> I shall always recognize you
Romania was doing really well in combating corruption.
Same in Greece I guess it's a Mediterranean thing lol
I think that, in the cities, most neighbours have a typical "just nod and smile" relationship, but I personally prefer to avoid any kind of contact lol
I should not have to pay 800+ per month for a small room in a shared flat in Dublin
If you ask me now, in my forties, I think that we are the weird ones (and every other nation that does the same)
that is it for 2-3 generations(or maybe not, I don't know).
Maybe I am mistaking it with the FYROM border.
Oh yeah, of course, I was just fantasizing.
That's a bit high but it's no secret that a lot of them did
~Elon musk wants to know your location~
He has some VERY unpopular opinions, might even call him an asshole
The tonus that I mentioned, also has completely different meanings depending on the situation you use it
Also when in Italy (Milan) the shower was in our sleeping room, that was quite strange.
Which is sad, considering the quantity and quality of other places and sceneries
It's reasonable to fear the US government
Just no
It's pretty much inevitable
Athens had special carriages to collect the bodies of people that died on the streets due to starvation
A center right  party (New Democracy) that  took 39
By someone named Nick Nicholas
Thanks
Sure does, look at what the Madman Aristophanes has created on this basis [here]
My fellow Italians, how can you live without the pleasure of cold coffees
Very unique comedy
In a more serious (or reasonable, perhaps more realistic, may I say) note, I would very much love to live in a nice, cosy apartment in Florence or Rome
My family doesn't have a long history in my current area as they moved her after fleeing the Ottoman Empire's/Turkey's genocide of Christian populations
Pretty pleased that Brits seem to like my country that much
Why is it so different in Sweden
Huhh, in Welsh it's squirrel=wiwer
The Olga Foroga scene was amazing tho
He is obligated to let me cross the road by law"
But these things also happen in 'non-oppressive' regimes such as many democracies of the EU
exactly like that actually
But generally people here like alcohol
[Cursive]
Xx_BrokenWind_xX
As long as there's a filter, we'll drink the tap water no problem
Greeks work more hours than every other European
Not to mention that it's a "good" time to do a hit on someone and let muslims take the blame for it
Meanwhile in Greece: "Yes, Yes, Yes, **NO**"
The Harry Potter books are also a catalyst
A few people that are already bad drivers tend to drink and drive and they're killers on wheels but there isn't much you can do with those retards other than the police have regular checks points where they can bust them
Generally no, and I don't live at the centre of Athens
He’s way more articulate and expressive in English
Why does it have to specify the nationality of the person
More like disabled and "independent" little brother
Well with [45 percent of pensions are below poverty line] and [youth unemployment about 50%] it's a miracle we don't have Kim Jong un to rule us...
I have no idea why, it looks nothing like a duckling, but I like it
Get of that high horse, will ya?
But seriously it depends ho you ask, because some people may like some people that other perceive them as rivals
40 years prior to Gagarin's achievement, we didn't even know we could fly, let alone travel with safety, in our skies
How would the ionians be Turkish in any way shape or form
Hell, in english we dont call our country by its native name , we just call it Greece instead of Hellas
Nothing, the State just kept on loaning and spending the money to establish their ever growing voting base
GOOD
- 10^15 = tetrakisekatommýrio (Four times 10^(6))
LETS GOOO
I'm the first to admit that my country, Greece, killed and drove off many Slavic people in northern Greece in order to win wars and achieve goals
I am just saying that if we were to put some basic rules in the definition of the English language  we would achieve better communication
We don't have anything that is specially sexual here in Greece.
We export culture once again
Not at all
αήρ (aír) or in Modern Greek, αέρας (aéras), the air
One of the oldest right wing parties in Greece
I would prefer having a 'I don't trust any government' option
There was an invasion not so long ago.
If it offers you any comfort, our man Xenophon wrote a whole ass book about your guy Cyrus, and also Aeschylus wrote a play titled "The Persians", unique among ancient Greek plays because it was based on real life people, rather than myths
What do you mean by Greek Orthodox Turks?Never heard of them.Maybe you mean Hellenized native Anatolians?Cause there were many of them.
it was because Larissa is the administrative hub of Thessaly and they wanted everything to be there
Turkish aggression
7 eptà
Una faccia una razza
screenshot pls
Nowadays there are very few games that can be in Greek mostly PS4 exclusives
Yup completely agree
We say "Παπάκι" (Papaki) which literally means duckling
Let me fill the rest for you (joking):
Greek
I've never talked about generations outside of Reddit and other online websites
And to comfort us our teachers would say 'dont you complain, theres people taught the same texts in other countries that dont even know greek'. Yeah, f that
[ )
/r/WTF
not common but not rare either
Remember that the vast majority of the money the eu is sending is going to bail out banks
What a tragedy .
their solution so far is to force it entirely on us, am just suggesting we return the favor.
Wow that's interesting
Good luck getting that minimum wage in Greece.
Bougatsa, which is a type of pastry that's usually filled with cream, translated as cream pie
>What about Metaxas
Nice comeback
Crazy guy this one
I love how turks say Greeks play the victim when they get invaded by terrorists
Italy, 4
If the revolutionaries in 1821 didn't rally behind God, freeing this country would not have worked
One of the countries that suffered the most per capita from the nazis.
It isn't exactly cheap and definitely not a good investment for people that don't travel that often
we invented languages so whatever words you use is ours
Guess what
He kindly says this happened because of a once in 200 years event
Not sure what he meant though, given that Smyrni had much more damage and many more fatalities
You should go to Turkey
Wait, they're called Bergsmannsheil instead of Krakenhaus
Am half greek / half english, one of the silent ones
This comment section is literally:
I distinctly recall signs when new station were being built
9 ennéa
The coup in Cyprus was instigated by EOKA B, a paramilitary/terrorist organization of greek-cypriots, who also started attacking the turkish-cypriot minority
\- cons: you cant go out cos Antarctica .. *sigh*
I'm from Greece, you think I have even seen any bill above the 50 euro mark
I don't think the people voting leave are thinking logically, it's like the British they wanted their country back
I would like her to be more progressive and more supportive of lgbtq , but I think she has done a good job in Germany, based on the current situation of Germany
For example today the temperature is 16 C to 24 C in my town and I am comfortable wearing short sleeves outside
+ "Στην κολοπετινιτσα" haha
Most of the times no, but sometimes yes
I could probably think of a lot more but that's one I could recall off the top of my head
I found out about this a year or two ago.
As a result even the most reasonable greek harbours some prejudice against Germans and especially the German government
BH is geographically more western, but for some reason this map counts is as more eastern
You forgot that each sentence must sound like a half question.
With a bit of carefulness we'll go through it again
These are gonna be some *looong* 4 years...
) and proceeded to give the entire lecture in Greek
We are a country where many Europeans spend their holidays on since we have very cheap prices and idyllic scenery
Now that's an opinion I wholeheartedly support.
stored classified diplomatic information on his own servers
I'd rather use the old flag, just a white cross on a blue background
So predictable it's like a bad comedy!
George, Konstantinos, Otto
Even better in greek, we have 2 words that are exactly the same but have to be emphasised in a different spot
Μαλάκια (malákia) = Clams
Blair moved Labour closer to liberalism, Clinton too.
now put into perspective that nato on 2008 accepted ukraine MOU
Might be political, or might be cultural, or it is a coincidence
Chin up and keep singing in your melodic language
Some people still love bringing up WW2 in every chance, but it became more popular because of the austerity that was seen as imposed by Germany
7 eptà
Pretty much how u/bonvin described, you will find that pretty much anyone under 40 will have some capacity of English, with most being able to engage into everyday discussion.
Then you work on your long lasting prosperity.
Erdogan was voted in perfectly democratically the first time
This is how I always see it
[Cite Creation made this]
We moved to Greece from Russia because we identify as Greeks by ethnicity and after the USSR collapsed most of our relatives moved to Greece, so after some years my family did as well for a better future
Without the pencil, all options have 1/3 chance to win, 1/3 chance to fail and one 1/3 chance for a tie
we just sit and watch while ataturk's state is building an ayatollah
I'm surprised he hasn't made a video about the greek language yet.
I wonder why
We especially eat rooster, and have many dishes that have rooster (yeah technically chicken)
State + media: Oh, it's the Germans, they hate our sun and our history, they want to bankrupt us
In Europe, Trumpism Leads Down a Different Economic Path [WSJ]
*When in Rome, do as the Romans do* and all that jazz
^^I'll ^^see ^^myself ^^out
Says the dude whose country a few decades ago killed 6 million jews...
That law had so many loopholes and was enforced (for lack of a better word) library, meaning that not only did it not ban smoking in closed public places as it was supposed to but it actually made it perfectly legal
I totally read that as Minas Tirith lol
I can't tell you exact prices because I took mine about 13 years ago
Yes I talk about last summer's coup attempt.
Affluent or older neighborhoods that are untouched are beautiful but the greater mass is ugly
That Greece has a +12 in the economic situation proves how meaningless this whole chart is
Metro is generally much better than taking the car when there's traffic
The form of government of Greece is that
It also sounds weird because germans i know are reasonably polite.
eurozone has made many changes , and given that it seems to have survived a big crisis, they may have been adequate.
We have 2, one in Athens on 25/03 for the Greek War of Independence and one in Thessaloniki on 28/10 for the start of the war against Italy during WW2.
Are you sure about the last part
It's a very interesting country
*" Opposition is divided in that manner
So we pretty much survived the 1st wave without major "damage".
It can't be helped if they always oppose us in many different things
and you all know freaking AUSTRIA
Nah we probably shouldn't
com .
Calypso is a rescue too
is there any actual benefit to have a rotating time instead of a static?
You voted for Trump didn't you?
By whom
* [National Bank of Greece] (2001)
Generally it depends on the context
i CAN EASILY DRINK NOTHING ELSE
How do you make this
Also, a lot of people seem to be, whether willingly or not is a mystery to me, of the history and contribution of the Greeks during the middle ages until the 19th century
No not really, we only lock if we'll be gone for a N extended period of time, more than a day
The fall of Constantinople because it just seems more right if we had Constantinople as a capital because of our history with the Byzantine Empire
I enjoy tutorial Ireland and raiding vikings
Your series are selling well here
looks like a bridge to the afterlife
Wikipedia article about her:
As we would call them here in these parts, "practically brand new".
Covid Pandemic
Texts after 300 bc or so are a bit easier to understand because a simplified, more related to modern Greek language is used
Patras carnival is spectacular, I just wish they didn't have so much 'political satire'.
frankly to me it looks like an ongoing attempt to delegitimize Trump to put Hillary in the white house after she lost the election, it can only blow up in their face, either the democrats who will lose more voters with these tactics or the USA if they manage to overthrow the president elect.
Revoke the Privilegia intensifies.
The most strange thing is though that it has a legally recognized abaton meaning that women are forbidden to enter it for any reason
diapers - Pampers
Not just the elderly
I think most people here use google maps
A Slavic dialect consisting of N. Macedonian, Bulgarian, Serbian characteristics
My sister used to drink Gordon Space a lot when she was kid
That is around 32.000,00 sq kilometres.
Some are safer than others but safe isn't a big place so I wouldn't think so
There is no way to justify that and they were rightfully dismantled after the war
Bte at least for Greek,  it's  not so hard as people are saying  , with right practise and dedication someone can speak very well,  there is a Belgian guy who speaks Greek like native
A trial for the junta members was held in 1975, it was like the Greek version of the Nuremberg trial
So, black are more popular
i've seen Americans say that healthcare=higher taxes which is not that big of a problem
I also don't want to be robbed or killed for a several hundred euros iphone
It's not even that serious, but still hurts our soul
both would be manageable, worst case scenario if you lost 20% of the banking sector would be 2%of gdp so not the end of the world
I don't think you also realize how all-encompassing Orthodoxy is in Greece, and the affect it has on daily life, including traditions, festivals, events, etc.
patriot
I fucking love the northwest
Look up Zolotas speech on YouTube
Didn't they know about the EU referendum that was coming ?
My hopes are for Schulz to be elected, not because he'll be any kinder to Greece than Merkel but for that old man Schauble to finally begone.
Oof, this is hard, but I would not go with the obvious War of Independence in 1821 and rather choose the 1922 "Asia Minor Disaster" which concluded the Greco-Turkish war
It's just a museum with the prison-like layout
BTW personally I didn't have a problem calling them Netherlands in English,  because that's the most common name that is used in English
If they want to start ww3 they block Russia from Bosphorus
This letter was sent after Ottomans wanted to negotiate for peace lol
An English guy who calls football "soccer".
Funniest thing is, you have three Poseidons in this picture, the god of the sea, that didnt fancy Olympus much.
Yes, Greece is an orthodox country
Neither does Turkey
BTW I am curious you as a Cypriot  in which continent do you think that Cyprus belong to
I want to order a souvlaki now
Asterix and Lucky Luke were my first comics,love them
I wrote it as an example
Ancient Greek is a mandatory school subject for two years in Greek Lyzeum (which is the equivilant to the German Gymnasium), so no, there's no way avoiding it
In Greece, we still call it via Egnatia ("Egnatia Odos")
>and it's really awkward
It was probably more like 'ahmageeeeeerd itso greeeeeen'
I'm only familiar with Swiss cheeses and fondue, but the rest that you mention doesn't sound bad at all
I spent a year in Glasgow and the first time in Edinbruh I am with a friend walking around the city and  after about 3 hours of walking we realised that we have been in that spot again (I think we were in front of that parthenon replica building)
I think he is even worse than Erdogan regarding Greece
Για τι μάχεσαι; = What are you fighting for
why is the low number necessarily good
I don't think that any serious person can deny that a loving family, no matter its composition is definetely better for the child.
Finally
I don't think we have a general one used for anything, but we have one specific way of counting that we used when we were the seeker in hide and seek as kids
Well, we're still one of the only two European countries to have a positive opinion of Putin's Russia (and also one of the only 2 European countries where Putin is **the** most liked major foreign leader).
Hairdressers/Barbers - everything that didn't have extremely high prices was accepting only cash
Also Switzerland has beautiful towns and cities
Then again it's not a subject you put too much effort into
Down on the right is an AK with the foot of its wielder, the red is a pool of blood and the owner of said blood.
I suggest we wait and see before going berserk
Antifa and Anarchists love to destroy property in the district of Exárchia in Athens
In case anyone is wondering why the bailout review is taking so long to complete, it is because the bailout review is essentially a 10+ year plan for Greece which includes structural reforms and investment/privitization's, so it is fairly complicated negotiations.
I think you underestimate how many peoples' relatives live/work/study in the UK, they have many of the best universities in EU and some of the most high paying jobs
You can really push your cardio in the cold, it really does help a lot.
Especially after Article 13 passed
**Modern Greece:**
I would be very surprised if even 1% of my countryman knew how it's played
Turkish soldiers never even saw combat in ww2.
also some the west might consider racist
Stereotypes i fit
Nowadays Europe lacks in both
I live in Greece and when i was returning home a couple of hours ago,the inside of my car was so hot,that i had to turn on the air condition
For holidays
Hope the future will be brighter
>The head of MI5 reported in 1940 that “in the personality and  experience of Sir Charles Wickham, the fighting services have at their  elbow a most valuable friend and counsellor”. When the intelligence  services needed to integrate the Greek Security Battalions – the Third  Reich’s “Special Constabulary” – into a new police force, they had found  their man
Even though they are not famous for being sober, but it's true
Erdogan is the problem with Turkey, not the majority of Turks.
"Apo kseno topo ki apo alargino"
Europe is much advanced
As far as I am concerned Germany and France where the ones that wanted to open the borders of the EU to millions of unlawful immigrants because they wanted some cheap labour
Eh, sadly the interest was shortlived for me.
For some letter combinations, the sound of this letter does not exist in other languages (it is softer than the g sound in English)
Islam is evolving to be more extreme, the Wahabi movement is only a little over a Century old and modern extremist Islam is a product of the last 20-30 years and it looks to be getting worse every year.
I still can't make any sense of Icelandic and Dutch, though
I think the two Greek ones should be the other way around
Προς τί η απολογία; Απλά κάνε αναφορά και γραψ' τον/την.
Today it was 32, which is hot but ok hot
Greek stoner rock scene is awesome
The phoenix
It's free real estate
I think most cold countries/regions
Just wear some warm clothes and you are set
was brutal
04 wallpaper
A lot of couples came the next day to take divorce, but they couldn't.
a cold room is 17 and below
[here is the Google Trends graph comparison of the cities ]
Are taxes in Greece really that terrible?
But remember, only southern Europeans do that...
Using derivatives of hestia to mean *focus* or *housing* is much more common
We could have been spending more money in healthcare  inferstraction  education  and technology, yet both countries buy and create weapons with all that money
I mostly drink it cold
Or if you're not convinced just think about this:
And we are really thankful for that mon amis
Turks know that, so it is unlikely that they will invade.
Hell, they weren't neo-Nazis, some might've been full blown Nazis that got pardonned in one way or another, such as for example the commander of an SS division that massacred civilians, yet was free until his death.
You have to study 24/7 (I am not kidding) for you to get a 12/20 grade
Even then, bottled water is pretty cheap
Germany has a cash obsession
It was just in *1947* that Greece's shape and size was finalized
> I mean, they are automatic
I think that it is mandatory to be vaccinated in order to go to school here
You’re absolutely correct
I believe that the government or the authorities may protect a right but they don't give it
People think it's awesome because they only stay here for a week as tourists
The language it is used by those of Aromanian or "Macedo-Romanian" heritage
Similarly, when we gained independence, the country was only 36% the size of the modern-day country
If I were interested in wine, I'd probably choose between Nemea region in Peloponnese (home to the Agiorgitiko local variety), Naoussa region in central Macedonia (home to Xinomavro local variety and host to numerous wineries which one can visit), Santorini, Samos and Lemnos islands (all three islands also have a delicious cuisine based on local ingredients, besides producing some of the most famous Greek wines)
So as I understand, you mostly hate the idea of milk and not the milk itself
I think it would have a major impact on the upcoming operation barbarossa
Empathy in english means to understand and share the feelings of another person
There might be more I'll update this once I get home and have mine
He didn't exactly sold it , because he made them sign that they have nothing to do with Alexander the great and the ancient history of Macedonia
In my opinion Italian is absolutely beautiful
But that is normal, our language absorbs many words from the dominant language of the period and just incorporates them
Ioannis Kapodistrias was the first Governor of Greece after the Liberation from the Ottomans
This is clearly not what I meant lol
I feel the need to note that in Greece there is a substantial gap in average age of retirement between employees in the public and the private sector.
"Isn't that just a letter though
I think you won't get unanimous answers
Only when it began to involve more countries they tried to managed it
Then it started raining *really hard* middle of a concert and people were scrambling like hell
It kind of looks like the guy is pulling out his tongue and the seagull tries to eat it
To our actual name "Hellas"
Ever heard of the Greco Turkish war
Fight me
Good on Malta not giving a damn about a big bully.
We have borrowed a lot of Latin, Italian/Venetian and some Spanish words so we have a lot of common words not just this one.
I prefer ketchup or Mayo ( or both)  with hotdogs
At least you get something back
I'm sure we can also get some good punches in if we manage to get our political act together (figuratively and literally).
Well to be fair, although I always bought French products, France should think about moving the factories it has in some muslim countries and afterwards we can talk about supporting this notion in an organized fashion
Most of the times the locations and the action that took place are correct, it's when the monsters, God's and  heroes appear when the myth part kicks in ;)
They maybe even fight
Apparently, we're the only country that emits CO2 to celebrate
Um, we are living proof that it actually can ..
But that just means moving our standards closer to, say, Austria's.
The referendum is not binding
Turkey
It is complicated, and I am not sure I understand all facets of it myself.
And Trentemøller of course
The resurgence of neo-fascism in the form of  present-day far-right party [Golden Dawn]  has direct links to the failure to purge the state of right-wing  extremists; many of Golden Dawn’s supporters are descendants of  Battalionists, as were the “The Colonels” who seized power in 1967
Life advice: stop watching Michael Moore
But that's not the active/passive distinction I try to make anyway
In Greece, a lot of people also get private insurance for some of the private hospitals and clinics which typically have better doctors
So are you in Norway now
I think it would match the siege of Vienna more, with the Rohirrim matching the Hussars charge that broke the siege and all
I don't know if you really care about it, but whatever
As long as you have individuals making money from the surplus value (mehrwert) of the worker's labour, you do have capitalism.
I see more and more people voting for them just because they are fed up by our current political system.
Why would we operate in english?
But good luck going at the gate with a one kilo overweight hand baggage without getting fined 50 euros by the sleazy employee with the weighing scale
It's the language from thr birthplace of western civilization, you already use many words from this language and it is a very structured a logical language, pronunciation of words has easy and clear to follow rules
However, he was removed from power in late age and the university of Athens was renamed after an earlier politician who had nothing to do with it (Kapodistrian University of Athens)
If you replaced them with Vietnamese letters would you be confused
Papandreou's era was our golden era
I was taught they symbolized the first 12 countries to join
And now Konstantinos Argyros - Athina mou
It was a confederacy called Iroquois in the North that strongly objected to the american effort.
\*Laughs in Greek\*
Have some pride in yourselves people
During WW1 and again during WW2, there was an attempt to create an [Autonomous Aromanian state] within the borders of Greece
Other northern regions (Serres, Kastoria, Florina, Kilkis): Cold (metaphorically and literally), quiet, distant
I hate to disappoint you but the loudest man-made noise I've ever witnessed was when a school from Italy came through a ferry ship  terminal in Greece,  don't ask me where they were from in Italy cause it was to loud to ask but definitely not southerners cause they were waiting for the ferry to Ancona
I can reply to whatever comment I want.
And Caucasus people like Armenians and Georgians I've only met a very few but they have different face structure all together I think, big square jaw, thicker eyebrows, bone at eyebrow region comes out more, different hairline
>I had a serious problem growing up but now I'm more of an occasional drinker
Your sky daddy won’t save you this time
Hell, even our houses, our neighborhoods and our entire towns look similar
Exactly
Cold: -9°C -- -2°C
20 to 25 is warm
Mind blowing, I know
France is uhm suspicious
It was Budapest, because it reminded me of Prague
Although I am at a loss trying to thing of a second
Yet when I went to London or Amsterdam, I did the ssame, I experienced a "theme park version" going to pretty much cliche locations.
The area opposite the football field is the Navy conscript training center.
Greece has the largest air-force and tank force in Europe .
For example I got into the top 500 of my country and probably in the top 300 in my field and failed to get into electrical engineering in Athens that accepted 250 students a year
Cold milk with cookies is a great combination
VIC are a really unique band because they combine metal sound with greek folk instruments
In December 2015 they got fined 31.451.211€ because of their practices in the market.
1€: three kilos of potatoes
Well, she’s not conscripted
Okay
I agree
Probably I would change the fact that Venizelos gave the non Greeks the right to vote, because when he gave them the right to vote, they voted for the opposite party which promised that they would end the micro Asia war, but instead they continued it and reached the war outside of Ankara and the west then abandoned us, we run out of bullets and the rest is history
Edinburgh: *SCREAMS IN GOTH*
I think that freedom should have limitations that would protect it and ensure it
People should read history, if they go mad they will start cutting heads
Me too
I mean do we have the specific date of its founding historically, or is it set as April 21st for some other reason
You have to try it before you judge it ;)
While I mostly like NYC (the diversity and vibrancy of the city are amazing), I thought the subway system could have been more user-friendly, plus it needs an overhaul
lol we also have this here but with balls "You've broken my balls"
Funnily , linguists think that there was a proto Indo-European language that was the root of all European languages,  but no European can understand it,  except the linguists who are researching it ( maybe)
Egypt
You can't say that Schauble wasn't trying.
At the very worst he made an inappropriate statement
Obviously I'm going a bit overboard but speaking the truth it's just the papers that are on the table to issue a driving license
Wanting to conserve our liberal institutions from undesirable change *is* as conservative as it gets.
Not the same really but some turks say that homer was apparently Turkish
That were **some of** the words of monseigneur le president.
I used to hate it but now I kinda like it, it sounds unique but also depends on who is speaking
And lets not forget the word kimono
Thessaloniki: Prettier Gray concrete
That's painful to watch
Year 7-8: Homer's Oddyssey and Iliad - translated
I use a knife or a pizza cutter, but that sounds like a nice idea, I might try it
My ex is from Denmark and lemme tell ya you guys have some really tasty looking dishes up there that I'd love to try once I visit
Thessaloniki, but it is not shame, more like mild annoyance
There are none - we don't share the same alphabet, let alone roots
Great here's something we're first at :)
I love Bill Bailey man, he's fucking gold
Santorini and mykonos
Greek: Ευχαριστώ (Efharisto)
After that is the fact that, every time our government tries to make paying debts back easier (with, say, giving people the option of multiple payments), it is met with resistance and complains from the outside EVEN THOUGH it results in more money being paid back than there otherwise would
The simple reality is violence was coming from the left the 40 previous years
Btw you need to improve the grammar of your native language
It was actually the first government to be voted to apply such an agreement.
Venus = Αφροδίτη (Aphrodity/Aphrodite)
I doubt that Athens is uglier than all the other cities
Are you a commie or what is going on here
Europe was a weird place in the 19th and 20th century.
Yeah
Those are the only instances you can find unattended, maybe hostile strays
Nice !
The pure outrage got me good
All the people commenting about this being a waste, you must be fun at parties
poutsos/poutsa = dick,
So the rest of the Balkans grew like muscles on steroids.
It's as simple as that: heavy taxation on every living organism, so that the State has enough to pay for their public servants and pensioners
Europeans and Germans in particular are back into an imperialist neocolonial track.
it was the first time i heard about it
We were land of the free for you ancestors, when it was European countries that failed to provide them with a livelihood or the ability to practice their own religion
Amsterdam is cool but too cold and rainy even in summer and honestly the summer is for the Mediterranean.
People that consistently refuse to integrate in Greek life is what we don't like
Second comes Ukraine, ALSO happy to embrace nazis throughout history to get rid of Russians, until very very recently
what he wants sounds more like unification with Turkey
Talking shit makes you an idiot though
Oh man you made me shudder while reading the comment about Greece
Indeed but a desperate voter will probably believe an idiot's sweet lies.
But we have  different task forces, that are gradually more armed than the other
Because it's just an American custom
Also another reason is their treatment of Greeks (again, comes from people's experiences)
The first step towards not changing anything is giving up before even trying.
No guys
Water
dude we have scouts in greece and are kinda similar to op's example, i was a scout when in middle school, obviously not as much nature trips in athens but many fun activities
This has to be true about the skin of the fruits.
Or rather, lack thereof
If Macron angers hardline Islamists, he is doing something right
I added a clarification and I left the initial text
Καταλαβαίνω τη δύσκολη θέση σου, συνέχισε να πετάς την μπάλα στην κερκίδα με τη 17 Νοέμβρη την οποία κανένας δεν υπερασπιστηκε σε ένα ποστ που αφορά τους νεοναζί τους οποίους εσύ ήρθες εδώ να ξεπλύνεις με πάθος. Απλούστατα δεν θα σου κάνω τη χάρη να μιλήσω για αυτό που εσύ μου υποδεικνύεις επειδή δεν θες να μας πεις ανοιχτά ότι γουστάρεις Κασιδιάρη και το πας γύρω γύρω ότι και καλά σε πονουν βαθιά οι Αξαρλιαν και τα θύματα της Μαρφιν.
As mentioned the first 2 minutes from Xena is the best part . I think that someone asked the crew if they know any Greek words and put them randomly in this scene totally out of context .
As a Greek that's a pretty nice monthly wage
Few tables further down two semi-old (I mean I was at school, anything above 25 was "old") ladies were staring at us
You put banana (among other weird things) on your pizza, everything else are just simple misdemeanors tbh LOL
>Due to the existence of the underground railway it was necessary to create also an underground ventilation system and in 1931 Mayor of Athens Spiros Merkouris suggested placing eight sculptures representing the mythological Muses to cover the openings of the ventilation vents
I suppose the French released their POWs in 1940 (?)
Pro-communistic
I come here ..and boom
I mean the US isn't a utopia, but it's definitely better than my own country's system
Most people who vote for them would rather believe that the "Zionist Media" and their own eyes are lying to them - while others are just quite ok with Nazi connections in the first place.
It is similar to how many former Wermacht officers were not touched by the Allies so they could prop up West Germany's armies so it could be a bulwark for East Germany and the Soviets
Also some people might want to combine alcohol like wine with their meals
To make sure small countries have just as much say as big ones.
We also use Merenda (Nutella knock off) for cocoa derivatives we spread on bread
No Athens = No democracy and Nice architecture
**Grammar wise:** have a damn good memory
Greeks have in general leave facial hair.
Måske to mennesker, ikke flere
Pretty much standard endonym exonym scenario
Its just stopped to be used
It also depends on the bar or club from my experience, the darker it is the more likely smoking will be allowed, if there is bright lighting then less smoking
British people are also kinda distinguished
list of Greek political parties
Άραγε (ˈaɾaʝe) is used when you're wondering about sth
In case you haven't noticed the entire world is against the Turkish occupation and that's why no one is recognising your banana republic in the north
Me too mate
Rotting Christ \m/
Yeah, we have an autonomous peninsula which is inhabited and ran by orthodox monks
It's like Sicily more than Greece
Uranus = Ουρανός (Uranos, also used in modern greek to say "sky")
>Are you saying the austerity measures are causing corruption
Especially the Junta
Greece (and Europe, for that matter) needs investment.
That is where Greece/Syriza is putting a lot of resources.
Spanish mesa (table) means indoors/inside in Greek
There is a feeling of threat
It's a way to bury their heads in the sand.
) said on live TV that people should resume swimming because it is safe
Usually I call the by their name but sometimes use words like bro , friend, boy (agori/agorina) , sometimes malakas but it's also considered an inappropriate and is mainly used with friends , also it might be used as an insult, but it depends on how it is being used
The letter "H" is one of the three "I's" in the Greek alphabet
Greece has the key to pull in Israel and Egypt into EU allies since they are already allies with Greece, and those are the two most important players in MENA.
Yeah she was a good teacher but as you can see my english had gotten very rusty lmao
It was good to have a significant surplus though, i guess that will help the image of the country abroad and may attract investments.
Duolingo is not good at ***teaching*** you a language, but it's good for learning vocabulary in grouped sections
I have seen a seal and some other time a dolphin from the land in Thessaloniki.
Southeast\*
In Greece I haven't heard of balcony related deaths or injuries
no you don't you try to stigmatize the ordinary Greek, sure you got a couple right i do think Turkey is our worst neighbor and we do say una fazza about Italians the rest is all you
If i am not mistaken the AKP at this point in time has the full support of the MHP for the ref.
You are referring to different periods.Pagans and heretics would get killed and tortured during medieval times.Not during 1700-1800 Europe.This is the period I'm referring to.
do we forget the events from ww1 to ww2 and what actually gave force to hitler to rise?
"Rhino" in English comes from Greek "Rhinoceros" which means nose horn as well lol
Amazingly, both of these jokes exist here too, only with altered nationalities: on the first plane the Greek throws out the Albanian (can't remember the others);  on the 2nd, it's the American, the French, and again an Albanian instead of the Turk
Anything regarding our economy
Greece was cut off from the rest of Europe and had to stand on her own feet during the Ottoman invasion.
Greek Civil War took place exactly after WW2
Mcdonalds is popular
Hmmm it looks fishy to me, like it could be staged
"Papaki" which translates to "little duck" . I know
Are we to take active rebel tweeps' word for the massacre?
Might be middle earth, between Asgard and the other one, frost world or something.
Obviously what also affects my impression of the commute is the usually lackluster income or type of work that rarely makes it worth the trip
I haven't looked at Greek though
Because context matters
the electricity bill), I don't quite remember what the tax's name is
They usually prepare it during the fast before Easter
According to this story, Pan and his allies found himself trapped canyon with very few soldiers at his command
Montenegro and serbia
Now I don't know what exactly you mean by navigate, but yeah, shops are very close to being 50/50 Greek/English alphabet
bacon is why the converted in the first place, everything else is a bonus
*F stands for a group of friends strongly tied
Greek here
Tomorrow will be a day off cause of May 1st
>  Sweden
Duolingo is not good at ***teaching*** you a language, but it's good for learning vocabulary in grouped sections
Botsaris
So would someone even say "jeg likede hans billede" despite it not being a Danish word
Well I guess that's it but it doesn't if it was made by the two dude whatever though
leave
I guess if I had the chance to experience it your way (breakfast, mountain, tavern, hiking), I would be drooling about it
Maybe engelados is used sometimes metaphorically for something that causes earthquake for example χτύπημα του Εγκέλαδου or sometimes just Εγκέλαδος.
Women overdo it with self-care
I have travelled a lot to both countries and each time i am flabbergasted about the minimum time you need to do anything
They have some stuff that are quite good actually
There are
That is generally how revolutions roll out tho
This sounds interesting
These days you get a receipt for even half a euro's worth of cucumbers, so I'm pretty sure they pay their taxes
I hope it will get improved but I doubt
They have better sweets though
just a guess, never been to Greece or spoken to a Greek right?
- Στον γάμο του Καραγκιόζη (at Karagkiozis' (main character of an old greek shadow play) wedding)
Above 30 is the warmest that it gets in summer months , but not the average or the normal that it's everyday
Was so overpopulated that their govenrnment has encouraged EMIGRATION for most of their history
We have a cooler Cross design though.
Other than that, in the second season of the Umbrella Academy, one character screams to another a very well known line from the Oddysey in ancient Greek, which I had to watch about 7 times to understand
Now that's very un-Greek of you, I'm offended
My post implies she didn't try for that
Instant coffee is super popular here.
No problem, it really is an amazing island, and if you stay longer than a week you can take a weekend boat trip to the nearby island of Kos, the capital there is very lively.
Why should you blame anyone for the Balkan wars
&#x200B;
Actually Holocaust deniers argue on the scale and the methods.
We stand with you brothers
I just read a recipe of it and it sounds a rather fatty dish
I was in Nuremberg once with my school, we had gone to a cafe
Let me make an example using Trump
Maybe it doesn't for the northern countries where there's not much sunlight anyway, but in the south where it's abundant, one hour difference can be cumbersome as the day becomes larger
They are really good at running a country
There are some variations but this is the one I knew as a kid
In Greece the major clubs are multi-sport clubs so there can be incidents in any sport
The 2nd biggest and the biggest opposition party is leaning more toward Russian than toward the EU
You claim most of Macedonia was filled with Bulgarians, we with Greeks, and Turks, well, with Muslims
Looks awesome, but at the same time, kinda creepy
lol
Fan fact
Usually with other Brits, which is peculiar, at least to me
as the Earth with searching vision
I didn't choose to be from Greece, nevertheless Greeks joke about their country a lot
In Crete for example, the muslim settlers were Turks from Anatolia
Plus they're many and angry :P
Wow they did such an amazing job
I don't get how they dominate the Greek market
I prefer the green ones usually stuffed with almonds
Only if someone wants to sound fancy will they say "Κάτω Χώρες" (Nether-lands)
Trotsky was leader of the army and Stalin was general in a unit (he was below Tukachevsky in rank)
Ancient Greek, Latin and French
I first learned the word in english, and it was a fun day at school when I found out the greek definition
At the supermarkets in my town you have to make an order for lamb related stuff by the end of this week
Now that the problem is at their doorstop they will have to do something
Just do a normal link post and provide the translation in the comments.
That's me but with Cypriots
- My late grandfather was in the air force during WWII but he flew only once then he was stationed and German occupation ensued
English, German and Greek, i grew to love foreign languages from a young age because of my mom.
Even though most people are culturally Christians and get baptized,  I think that most people don't care if you are an atheist,  I know many atheists and they are fine
Excuse me I'ma go scream into a pillow real quick
(Also it's kinda weird to use geographical terms to describe cultural regions, without specifing that you are using them like that and based on so and so criteria
They tried to teach us some basic English at kindergarten but honestly the reason I could read English from an early age was Yugioh . Me and my cousin were playing all the time and since we were very competitive I had to learn to read the cards ..
Back then the empire was indeed called Eastern Roman Empire however the majority of its population was greek
but in greek there is ξ and  Ξ (capital) for some reason I write capital Ξ with a line going vertically in the middle
Noooo Noooo
Maybe it's a guess that it was indeed inhabited *continuously*. Or maybe because it's so old it doesn't count as a civilization per se but just as Neolithic settlers
Waiting for the rival country to answer my comment
Lord Byron was the joke of Europe
You are acting as if all european countries test the same, both in method and in amount
For example, Telescope comes from greek Tele (Far) and Scope (Observe)
There are still lots and lots of things need to be done.
Do they really serve it for breakfast
altho this depends on the person
• κολλητέ/κολλητή (kollité/kollití) = this one's a bit old fashioned, kinda childish in a way, kinda r/fellowkids sometimes
The Soviet Union avoided sending aid
Lockers are frankly regarded as something exclusively American
Greece and turkey are the same
Bloody monsters
It's probably not related, but there's a tea called Yunan which, if I recall well, comes from a region in East Asia.
Yeah, Athens cityscape would definitely be more representative (half of Greece lives here basically) but I just wanted to draw summer stuff so I went for the island theme
22 είκοσι δύο (eikosi dio)
No offence but the German grammar doesn't sound all that better either
I have them all
You’re absolutely correct
Its like the whole population is trying to seem like something they aren't, and even though everyone is aware of it, because everyone does it, people keep on doing it
The vasilikos plant is not very common for people to have at their homes, and if they do they are at their balconies or yards - not their bedrooms or offices
If by that you mean the Byzantines, then yes
I have argued so many times on airports, insisting that there is in fact english on my ID
Giorgos Papandreou for sure, he's the one who put us under the EU supervision with the first agreement which many politicians now agree that they knew that before signing it that it would bring disaster to Greece, but they did sign it
That's very weird
I don't know about the rest of the Balkans, but the distinction between [Eros] and [Agape] and their associated words come from the [ancient Greeks.]
That's ideal tbh
Most of my Greek friends who have been to England for tourism have visited London alone, but English nature is very beautiful and there are lots of nice towns too
I come from kalamata but live in Athens
So while I would say society nowadays has stop the pressure it also depends on the family and environment .
if you think about it every city in Greece is an old Greek city
But they killed someone guilty for many crimes,  someone who is the second in command in a country that kills apostates from Islam,  he attacked their embassy,  he killed many innocent people,  he is a violator of human rights etc
One of then whom I use started out at 28 euro per month, with no contract, toy can stop any month you want for 100mbit up/down upgrades to 200 if you sign a contract for 2 years no extra charge
Source: Greek so it's kinda our national sport over here vOv
Idk I could be wrong though
I have read from  a guy from America ( if I recall correctly) that said that a big downside of public healthcare is waiting time and some European countries that have public health care have waiting times and it’s good that we don’t have that here etc . Except if he meant that there the waiting time there is short or that someone has to wait even for urgent cases
Gah
αν θεωρησουμε οτι θα ειχε και τον ιδιο πληθυσμο με Αθηνα τοτε η Λαρισα. ειναι η καλυτερη περιοχη για να εχεις μια πολη 5 εκατομμυριων με σχετικη ανεση χωρου.
I'd wish so but i cant :/
Which country is more suitable for a young adult to live in?
Ναι και όχι
In all seriousness, it's good they directed their rage to oranges.
Well it doesn't have Netflix for one!
Its the day that everyone is outside, distant relatives get together and every village fills with people
We can't say that because Stalin was more terrible that his predecessors were angels.
We just used to do that during the last day of school back in middle school every year
How does a 12- year-old end up with a nail bomb is a far more interesting question IMO
pathetic attempt at trolling tbh
You're right it's so sad the language doesn't get enough recognition lately despite having survived that long
Because you played AC:Origins
Also:
As much as it pains me, this is brilliantly accurate
On our next issue of 'Dark Ages today': Gulen curses Erdogan with ED, court wizard baffled.
Congratulation guys, I think that was good for you
Sad
Trust -> believe
But then I went to France
Dekatessera(14)
edited
However the military Junta of 67 used and since then it associated with ultra nationalists and authoritarians
Greek people really hate being patronized and dictated what to do and not to do, so the anti-German sentiment skyrocketed and the Nazi parallels were unavoidable
Our countries fought each other on who will be in charge once the Turks are ousted
I worked near the coalmines in cancerland (dat sweet spot between Ptolemaida and Kozani) and can confirm.
Let's just say you can rate your country in a scale of 1 to mine
Wat
All hail our glorious Union !!!
[Does this count ?] Not really a translation
Idk what other stereotypes there are
Because Aegea is not a lake
So as not to make the same mistakes again
Of course the GOP of 2 years ago isn't the GOP of today.
I always say this,I will say it again,the media are another reason this country is like this.Combine that with the fact that Greeks are easily manipulated,kinda like sheep.
What do you thing would be a more appropriate word to use
There, I just created it for you too
Greetings from Greece <3
I'm not sure how it's viewed in the whole country but I live 5minutes away from the one in the Athens airport so we've always been getting our furniture from there and always are aware of any sales going on in it
The struggle was one of the first conflicts of the Cold War and represents the first example of Cold War postwar involvement on the part of the Allies in the internal affairs of a foreign country
Luckily I'm one of the few that never get hangovers
Year 8:  Byzantine and european medieval history
That's more of a tournament about who can replace the most Falafel with Kebab, Vodka or Hamburger.
Gender reveals in Croatia be like
As a kid I thought England was another way to say UK
I also find the history of Denmark quite interesting
She can't just push a button a solve the crisis.
Thank you , muych love to Germany as well
Oh well
(keep in mind that railroads within the country aren't as developed as the rest of europe because of our mountainous geography)
Day
I do love the attention to detail given to the Adidas jumpsuits.
Normalizing restrictions of personal freedoms for the sake of public health
Hahaha i just checked it out thanks for trying anyway:) ill just stick to english tutorials and material, nothing is ever written in greek anyway
First time in Ireland, my husband was getting invited to a party by some locals in the pub, while I was drinking beer and talking about the European economy with another local outside the pub
My ancestors were the first to introduce chocolate in Greece
I felt that way, and greek is literally my native language
που'σαι ρε αντρα φυσφιρή που την εχεις σαν σφυρι
Also don't forget the Nazi colaborationist Georgios Tsolakoglou and the kings
The continent goes as far as the Kaspian sea.
Of course this thing changes when you have to deal with the perception of older people, but yes, it's absolutely logical
He didn't choose the thug life
I was in an international solidarity parade once and someone ended up giving me a Greek flag.
i love them because they all have some meaning behind them and most of them have some Ancient origin, for example
Bat=Νυχτερίδα (Nychterída) daughter of the night I think
They were charged for their crimes nor for their ideology
So, it isn't a particularly noteworthy skill, although having a high degree of competence is a differentiating factor
Meanwhile in the Berlin museum, Pergamon Altar
My grandfather took part in the resistance movement in Greece during the nazi occupation in ww2
Depends on the logo, I can only speak for greece though
I know that Cyprus is not in Europe.
Nice
“This is it,” he thought, “this is where I own those religiotards and achieve victory for atheism
and we have a sizable yugoslav-nostalgic community
The greek one, didn't know there was a danish feta
Heya what did he do
We should have never christianized them /s
How is violating EU borders talk and not action ?
Maybe it doesn't for the northern countries where there's not much sunlight anyway, but in the south where it's abundant, one hour difference can be cumbersome as the day becomes larger
For every problem they have it is other countries to blame.
Concluding you could say that it's the same excluding some differences
Greece is filled to the brim with islands, you don't have to spend a fortune on Santorini and Mykonos, there are literally thousands of islands just as good as those and you'll pay 1/5th of the price with just a fraction of the tourists
I absolutely love it but since even centuries before the birth of Christ everyone has been wanting in on it
I lived in the Netherlands for 2 years
I didn't even know such a thing exists
We'll see who's right or wrong.
Did a Bulgarian write your history book
The two heads were classmates and roommates in uni
Today is "Tsiknopempti" (Thursday of the Smoke of Grilled Meat) here in Greece
I don't think that time serving the public or getting prepared for war is time stolen or wasted
What's your point on them keeping their surnames however they wanted?
Make carrying guns legal in Europe, ez
Now do this for the next 20 years in your country.
We'll loot it so much that our debt will be erased 3 times :D
There was a news broadcast in arabic in the national tv channel at some point here.
> Atlantic
Below -5 it's freezing
Edit: Just saw it
Because the AKP had 40% support.
You just made me realise I don't know the difference between a pigeon and a dove either
But I guess at around 15C°, but sometimes higher
>the Sirens  were dangerous creatures, who lured nearby sailors with their enchanting music and singing voices to shipwreck on the rocky coast of their island
Dude, in Russia:
There many people who use fireplace and they burn woods inside it
I still can't believe about the Passenger plane that was shot down .
I'm sure those gals can take an innocent joke ;)
Another one I found about is "The Haunting of Bly Manor"
There is a feeling of threat
I don't think Athens is disliked in Greece in general
> The Greeks got themselves in that situation by not paying taxes
Is it me or winter has finally come
What you say it's antifa, it's not what you think here
Reminds me of when German newspapers were publishing a photoshopped Athena statue showing the middle-finger with the Greek flag in the background several years ago
It's not exactly traditional, but it doesn't adhere to some specific measuring system
Why are some europeans so slow to realise things
He was restarting after an impromptu windows update
Many will devoure me for saying this but mutliculturalism doesn't work and Turkey is not of European culture.
I have this irrational certainty that -despite not having smoked once- I'll be unlucky enough get lung cancer from second-hand smoke, due to the flagrant disregard for any smoking bans here.
This looks delicious and disgusting at the same time
Does the first one refer to SU
No we're not.Speak for yourself if you please.But anyway,Greece is kinda backwards in some things so I guess that's why you said that.
It's the same order in Greece, 'Πέτρα, ψαλίδι, χαρτί'.
Russia has used the same strategy for Ukraine, there's no reason to try to prove people like you wrong, there's no point
By Greek do you mean place of birth or ethnic self identification
Most are not that great, but there are some crazy good shit like [god's hands turning towards the people to pray
I drove towards a Bulgarian village until I realized something was off, then drove right back to Greece the way I had come.
I actually had never heard of the concept of Milliard till I watched a numberphile video on it
And then they were like; hmmmmm you know what no, do it in APA
All this proves that Turkey didn't go there to protect the Turkish cypriot citizens but it just wanted to occupy as much of the island as it could
Northern Greeks dont have that much in common with Southerns, mainly in culture , lifestyle etc
Thanks for the rest of the comment though :P
It seems however it's contingent to being a national of a member state, so it's not "standalone" citizenship.
As if a trash collecting truck exploded in there
They also discuss school matters as most kids present also happen to be classmates from primary school
I am shocked and of course it's pretty devastating
I do too
Don't be offended, every person has an individual opinion about each country.
That fact that it is based on a rivalry with Turkey is irrelevant.
13 = δεκατρια (which is literally 10 and 3 pronounced as one word, 10=δεκα and 3=τρια)
Movies were also a great help, since everything in Greece is subtitled
I mean, you don't hear people saying "The Hellenic Republic" or "The Kingdom of Denmark"
Their healthcare system may be mostly private but its quality is superb.
Mostly because 100% of my entertainment is in English
But there is also a videogame with that name
&#x200B;
I haven’t seen/heard, and correct me if I am wrong here please, any single country taking some initiatives to provide affordable housing for newer generations who want to start their lives/families
2 million years
Ay high five
Can't stand any kind of olives
Though why did they name it that, I have no clue
Athens vs
But i find that a convenient excuse to avoid admitting that their current rhetoric is wrong.
But if you want to say "My favourite food is gyro" you would say "Το αγαπημένο μου φαγητό είναι ο γύρος" (my favourite food is gyros) with an "s".
Last one shows nicely how we(Greece) are both part of East and West with a more rooted cultural affinity to the East and a more "forced" affinity(since the modern Greek nation) to the West.
Yes, there may be people with extremist views on the crowd that would have reacted against the police in a violent manner
>You can choose to use nuance when it comes to certain topics or you can choose to just blatantly pander like you are doing
Look at this man of culture over here
There are positions in the public sector that require you degree to be recognised by the state.
Would happily go back as a tourist
Oh how magnanimous, ~~defending~~  wishing well to people while undermining their ~~age~~ nationality
Damn
go to mykonos/santorini
In bars if they see you clearly underaged, they might not let you in but usually they do especially if you're with a group of older people than you
Unusual
It may be a little complicated if you are unfamiliar but it gets easier once you engage with it and become familiar
I'd say you need to learn a foreign language because if you don't you are pretty much stuck at home
Welcome to the club mate
Some Greek calligraphy:
Sorry for that
You will not regret it
Meanwhile republicans will fire up their base by convincing them that Biden is Marxist Devil himself
Στου διαόλου το κέρατο - At the devil's horn
Not only in the Union agencies themselves but the non profit organisations, diplomatic missions, multinational hqs that had spawned around them etc.
Wish I could say the same for us
T\_T
I use a qwerty keyboard but next to the Latin letters there are Greek and by pressing  shift+alt you switch alphabets .
But that also might me a problem , because different words give a different "gravity" to situations
We could even get violent over tennis, if we were interested enough for it
Thank you for this culinary trip
I love people blaming Cyprus
There are also a lot of people from the revolution of 1821
Been there in 2017
Which part of your country do you feel most sorry for
I get it now
As for the 1st point I made, well, you can check [this] out
As a concerned neighbour, what is the opposition's stance on Greece
I don't hate Albania anyway and definitely i didn't supported Katsifas and his likes
Turkey did what it blamed Greece for trying to do and you're here lying about protecting the citizens
I caused trouble for sharing my opinion?
She was shunned by her monastery as well as the populace for being pregnant, so she developed a cursing habbit as a defense mechanism
I also have a thing for Austria
I can't say if it's bias or not but there is no better climate on this earth than the mediterranean climate :P
I only know it bcs I lived  for some time in Madrid
I would love to have the option to vote for a real conservative party like they do in the UK or Canada but we don't have that option here in Greece.
Are you fucking kidding me?You compare the Hapsburgs with the Nazis?
We need some photos of traditional dresses on ugly people.
you really think the imia in 96 happened because they wanted an outside enemy?
Platamon Castle, near Mount Olympus, Greece
Yeah but by Googling only the numbers above came up, so u figured instead of looking into it more, these numbers give my point across either way
Help
Only an idiot would destroy their last of ammunitions to win it back.
All ancient shit is disputed in the Balkans.
Yep that word can generally point you at the nationality of the person saying it lol
beard pubes
We do, yeah (not during COVID though)
Στου διαόλου τη μανα (at the devil's mother)
We should have in mind that the AKP ideas resonate well with the Turkish people.
Generally unemployment has gone down quite a bit because we have seen a rise in service jobs: baristas, food delivery, etc
2) We can understand a lot of words from Latin language speaking countries, but they can't understand us
Metsovone
There are definitely safe neighbourhoods in Athens but you couldn't pay me to go to Omonia or Menidi at night, I like my head exactly where it is
I can understand maybe a few sentences
Greek Fire
and
They put quality over quantity, but without the quality
StAGN needs to check itself
Yes, absolutely
The claims of ancient Macedonians being related to North Macedonia is not taken seriously by anyone at least important
I personally haven't eaten any other type of bird as part of Greek traditional cuisine
This is what we mean when we say "depends on the text"
I guess it can be useful sometimes lol
We're actually better than the average
I never really understood this disingenuous talking shit and in the end doing nothing mentality
by the dreadful sword you hold,
Greeks trusting the EU even less than Finland on military defence is kind of funny to me
I am more shocked at 10% with italy
* Sellotape for sticky tape
Either that or just removing letters and simplifying
Am I reading r/Europe or a sci-fi book?
no some times they'll even ask you if you want a little box to take it home with, it's considered a "sin" to throw away food
But that is normal, our language absorbs many words from the dominant language of the period and just incorporates them
I L O V E medieval aesthetics - gothic architecture, castles, churches, etc and both France and the UK have loads of well preserved medieval sites
Γενικα το εννουσα, οτι οπου και να πας στην Ελλαδα εχεις αυτο το μπλε που δεν το 'χεις πουθενα. Μενω μεταξυ Αθηνας κ Σαντορινης, Αθηνα οκ παω πασσο γενικα, εκτος αν εχεις καλη θεα.
\*History\*
We'll see whose laughing in 50 years
I personally think it blends in very well in a design with lines and generally it remains discrete and nice
Do you want Greek passport to travel freely
And half of Cyprus is still under foreign occupation.
In addition this will give a nice boost to the suburban railway, as electric trains will be able to reach Athens and Piraeus stations from the Airport.
If they need to contact villages in Italy to provide birth certificates etc idk.
Do they accept European people ( or generally non Asians) easily
This week the IMF will publish a new report on the state of the Greek economy within which some pretty scary numbers are expected to get scarier.
I think that after football basketball is the most popular spot at least in Greece and some people here sometimes get crazy over it
at least in my case that seems to be true
The difference between /x/ and /ç/ depends on the vowel that follows the letter
m)  , semi-basement/ground floor/1st/2nd floor with 3 bedrooms  for 280k eruos and after that a 200 **m²** (sq
I'm Greek and that's the first I hear of that.
I think most people think very highly of a man named γέροντας Παΐσιος (literally old man Paisios)
We call it
It actually originates from the same Roman/Byzantine food that tyropita etc.
Probably there would be less hard work due yo automation and maybe more work related with art and philosophy
But organized camps are everywhere and super cheap.
Most of them are based tbh
Finally we are a nice, warm and cheap location for well off north Europeans to retire to
Otherwise, Greece winning the Asia Minor Expedition
But they and tartans, their patterns, are not *that* old or so tied with scotish history as perceived.
The less the people, the better the place is for a vacation usually
running along the spine of Greece is the Pindus mountain range that's quite big and empty
I'm pretty sure most would try to be understandable but I'm only talking about the Cypriots' casual way of speaking
Preparing to fight in the Great Revolution of 1821
Just assign corruption to the PIIGS alone, nothing foul smelling anywhere else
Damn I'll bring Greek summer to Poland with me
All Fillon has to do now is promise a referendum about exiting the EU if he wins.
Last year it was the exact opposite
Many people here talked about cities as administrative subdivisons .By whether you talk about metro area or the municipality of Athens is not really misleading, except if somoene asked about the one thing and you answer about the other thing ( but that's not what happened)
I legit had to google what a Narwhal is
It's quite the opposite in my opinion
We especially eat rooster, and have many dishes that have rooster (yeah technically chicken)
Nuance is not a word these knuckleheads understand
He didn't have a single defeat, even in the minor Asia war where Greece lost, his team was undefeated and when he learned that everything was lost, he run to Izmir and personally organized the evacuation
no women or female animals are allowed within a half mile radius from the shore) and I highly doubt they actually pay taxis like us lay people
It takes forever to get papers and such to get italian citizenship (my gf attempted it from the US).
They both use a straw, they both need to be shaken, and they both have ice.
You are allowed to stay in Greece indefinitely as long as you have 250.000 euros worth of assets in greece.
Nevertheless getting a visa might be your bigger obstacle
10-15 during november/early december is unfortunately common though
[this one's  very  bad ass]
Santa would also need to abandon his burgundy coat and dress in blue
You and me both
Western Macedonia and Eastern Thrace to the north are quite sparsely populated so they are out of the average Greek's mind
Even if the opposition wins nothing changes in Turkey.
But the Mississippi thing I had learned as a child with Ross from Friends (not the dj) in the tanning place
And I don't think they have much influence over any europeans anyway.
In Greece it's commonly referred to as the Pfizer/Biontech vaccine, but media usually shorten it as the Pfizer vaccine
What's more, I could eat one by myself - I love it
I don't think I know a clean shaved man at this point
Most of Greece's debt isn't in Euros, it was almost 100% of GDP before Greece adopted the euro and it only skyrocketed because the economy contracted by 30% when no one wanted to work with Greece because of Tsipras and Papandreou
Those are the most common places that tourists go to but there are more places
We suggest Antarctica, you would find the weather familiar.
The weather is getting better
Out of that, an average person might be able to save 50€ if they're lucky
Then there's Papadopoulos who took power in 1967
Crazy guy this one
I think the term West doesn't necessarily refer to economy
The first one that comes to mind is [Merenda] it's basically like nutella but Greek and Nutella and all it's clones fall under the category of Merenda
Living in Dublin, all these issues are secondary
They are already red, I wouldn't want to make them more furious by rejecting them :p
Uncommon, if you're clean shaven and young, you will probably get called Miss a few times by older folk :D.
Since 1975, death penalty was still given to prisoners for high treason,but in reality it meant life in prison
I'm pretty sure is "Λαμψη" (Shine)
Tbh it's really hard to study with that weather
If the US didn't need Incirlik for their wars in the Middle east Turkey would've been dumped a long time ago.
Myzithra
"If you are not with us you are a nazi" . Ahm,no
I'm HUNGRY all of the time since yesterday, but it's well worth it
It has an altitude of 1
Every second dialogue of the show went like this: -I have a lover
It's more likely the whole world will speak Greek, than Greeks to forget their language and speak English
THANK YOU, I thought I was going insane, because IN MY DAY, everyone I knew hated Bairaktaris, everyone was saying that Savvas and Thanasis were light years better, that his Tzatziki and Souvlaki were rotten trash
I heard a few clips, and while they're amazing content-wise, just be aware that Michali's pronunciation is not perfect
Greece only produces bad music
I think the *official* term is wehraboos
Grill smells, particularly souvlaki/ gyros/ ribs smells, oregano, thymian and parsley, fish, sea salt smells, CO2/pollution smell
Never voted for them, never will.
Uhm..how am I trolling her?Can you give me a good reason that you think I'm trolling?
For Greece, there were more loses in this war than in WW2
Ah right, thanks
Propably turkey
I need to connect myself to reality again
More than the S/O related, I love the words used when family members express love to each other
I don't think that anyone cares about that
&#x200B;
(Greece)
But hey No one beat the Greeks :D 400+ Years under occupation/slaves from the Ottoman Empire :D
Probably I would change the fact that Venizelos gave the non Greeks the right to vote, because when he gave them the right to vote, they voted for the opposite party which promised that they would end the micro Asia war, but instead they continued it and reached the war outside of Ankara and the west then abandoned us, we run out of bullets and the rest is history
Edit: The photo is still from the construction phase
"Turkey is a lost cause, it is already an islamic country".
Mental gymnastics at its finest
motherfucker
At least do you like souvlaki ,gyros and buttfucking
Is this the last meal of the day then
Want to be fair and not talk about bloody history were everyone's wrong?
I have a heavy Cretan accent
Most ppl don't care about it bc they prob don't care about religion in general but imo it could be taught in a much better way (aka why would there be exams and tests for that
But is it really 51 years worth of progress
I love its artichoke dishes, its cold cuts (louza is to die for), the local cheeses and the fried tomato balls
It's a bit more common area in girls I think because sometimes parents make a name out of the two they've given them
I'm not idolizing it, I am well aware that it is a modern city with modern problems and not a picturesque land out of a carte postale
"we, on the contrary, shall fight for North Macedonia, and our hearts will be in it" Alexandreski Greatovic
And those buildings from McDonalds
+1 το έψαχνα
mussel (μύδι) = little mouse
Wholesome
I had a Greek-Somali schoolmate and through her I got to know the variety of Africa
Financial Crisis
Thessaloniki and rural Macedonia have issues with localism,feeling "neglected" and blaming everything on Athens
Unfortunately they (neonazis) still exist
> Reads rebellious poems to his 6 children (and spanks them afterwards)
Maybe they were Bulgarians, who knows.
"Teared down"
"I am french to the conversation" sounds so sophisticated tbh, good job Turkey xD
The second option came to be true to avoid further tension between Greece and Turkey with Cyprus stuck in the middle.
He was part of the Turkish National Movement.
&#x200B;
I have noticed that some reddit Turks are desperately trying to portray themselves similar to other peoples.
What can you do when u re alone in the bathroom with a £10 note?
filotimes feminine plural
No one really respects Trump;
Add to that a few more centuries of Ottoman occupation.
your taxes are usually paid locally and directly by the company before giving you the dividend, so you are not directly involved in any payment.
2 Italy
The UK, France, Germany, etc all have large welfare states, public education, health, transportation, etc
We have local traditional musical instruments, for example in northern Greece it’s the klarino, in Crete it’s the Cretan lyra, or the flaouto, etc
Does the first one refer to SU
let us celebrate ffs
Ryanair had a similar design at the end of the wings
My parents used to call me malakistíri when I was not behaving
The Sinn Fein is mostly caring about the rents that people that can barely make enough for living pay (which is good of course, but that is not the only problem with rents, because I can pay  it doesn't mean that I *should* pay that much), and are also almost completely ignoring the rents for students and other people around my age
41 is saráda-éna
Of course I'm not expecting them to force locals to obey the laws.
Italy
Do they really serve it for breakfast
Like I get it
Those are the rich AF towns that nobody else can afford to live in
He banned rebetiko
I like those building of Goodys [
You simply wont accept that your side was in the wrong and perpetrator of violence which cemented the opinion of the large public in this country that the far left are simply criminal thugs that support terrorists
Where is the rest of Europe
All we want is the truth," he said.
This is the sort of question that only an american or an english brexiter could make
It is general about people who mock Greece
Was that really how Sparta was formed
The Italian one
Nafplio, the old capital would also be a good choice
I think the answer is somewhere in the middle, with an "austerity-lite", but also with a more broader investment and economic plan, which also includes other Balkan states.
But "wanting" is not the same as "actively trying".
I'll leave you with some actual work of that 50s government
It's gonna be an interesting 10 years
Let's stop hiding the elephant in theroom.
Btw, I love spinach
It's a bit more common area in girls I think because sometimes parents make a name out of the two they've given them
A crap unscientific theory, even for the US
But since it could become waterlogged, triremes had to be pulled to shore at night.
An image about Schengen and EU countries  [
They have closed out the whole city center for the "VIPs" only
Water
There's records from classical Greece that there used to be a language spoken in a few places that was dubbed 'eteocretan'  by ancient Greeks, meaning 'true cretan', but that was 1000 years after the linear A and hieroglyphics so we don't know how well related they might have been, there's a few inscriptions in eteocretan but nothing can be figured out well from them
I also have the feeling that half the Balkan countries claim them for their own
Your comparison with the nazis is out of place because it happened many years earlier.
Almost nothing
We don't know if the same applies for Romania
Disputed territories means two countries claim the same land/sea, what do you mean by exchange
He didn't choose the thug life
I will add it
Vielen Dank
Known as that place that serves horse meatballs without your knowledge
We say French shower
Just stop listening to the news about this place haha
2 years ago i was staying on a village just below etna
Thankfully we dont have neonazi problem in Greece
We haven’t owned the city for over 500 years
You go straight to the military
You probably haven't seen everything yet:
Sounds about right
It's like marketing Christiano Ronaldo as a basketball player
We need the UK back in for an EU army
Allright guys, the expert is here, this is pretty common here
Sometimes I do
Russian economy can't handle cheap fossil fuels.
Here in Greece 37% is homeless (I think) that explains it
They will still refer to the country as the capital (Skopje) or FYROM
For example
Hi Polish intelligence service agent, how are you
He hasn't even published his agenda.
In fact, mod
Do you find it disgusting
On their interview for VICE Jesse Hughes said [the exact opposite]
It was just a series response to [Finland] There might be better videos out there I just tried to find something with more sea and more easy going music.
If you are good at something,namely misinformation and clickbaiting,never do it for free!!!
Lol
My best student only studied one year, and she said the thing that the thing that helped her the most was watching a tv series
I guess that's partly because of EU or schengen
I think its disingenuous to minimize the dozens of victims of radical left terror,while making a false narrative that a dead rapper means a hitler is coming in Greece
Thanks for the insight :)
I'd say that they are very rude towards the passengers, so when you ask them something they try to not respond and if they have to it's a short and rude reply
Emigration in Europe: Destination countries and percentages of emigrants
For the very least he spoke [Greek]
Χαχα έτσι είναι αλλά είμαι και μισός Γάλλος οπότε έχω και τα δύο options ;)
Funnily Αστυνομία means literally City (Άστυ) and law (νόμος) making the modern's force name not very accurate and the old Αστυνομία Πόλεων redundant as it was literally City-Police for Cities
They just don't care about ignorant *jokes from lidl* about Greece like yours
In some places like big cities,  it's easy to find a Mexican restaurant .
Because I said that most of Turkey isn't in Europe?
Let's say the materials were not the best.
If you replaced them with Vietnamese letters would you be confused
Idk mate, salvini seems kinda good to me
They are almost mandatory here
If the greek islands are left without army stationed there, i guarantee you the turks will invade and annex them the next day.
Also, not teaching children about WW2, wtf
Feta is good with gemista and fasolakia, but otherwise it's low in the list of my favourite cheeses
tbh, a couple of personal favourites are I agapi mou stin Ikaria and Pedia tis Samarinas, though many act kinda haughty when listening to the latter or other demotika, no idea why
Greka or Calabrian dialect and then Griko dialect
I mean do we have the specific date of its founding historically, or is it set as April 21st for some other reason
I've read only a few mangas, but for me the architecture in DS and those mangas are the same thing more or less, Medieval/Renaissance architecture with fantasy elements but from the lens of a Japanese, a person who's not seen many actual examples of said buildings.
Also, Greece is mostly mountains, plains full of rocks where no tree can grow and sandy beaches
We were taught about one America at my school, I thought that was the standard in Greece
If you go up you will the Rotunda , that during the Ottoman times it was converted to a mosque and has a beautiful minaret
If we listed only negative rights, like "You have a right to not be kicked in the head by thugs", it would still imply a "positive right" to have the state prevent such things from happening via policing, or punishing them when they do happen via the court system.
Ibiza is finally British, after all these years
Same goes for the heroes of the first world war, the Balkan wars, the revolution, and everything else, we have nothing to be ashamed for
I come back from Sweden and everyone is asking how Switzerland was like
Racist jokes due to the mass influx of Albanian immigrants back in the 90s.
I am now curious to know what the Chinese expression is
Greek here, the inspection part sounds like a joke.
But if you want a proper cheese from Greece, Metsovone is the way to go
It makes much more sense when you realize that EU powers that be may be aiming for a war-like strategy in negotiations with the goal of causing as much tension and grief to the UK to persuade other EU nations to never even think of exiting the EU.
Most of Europe has the same self-defense laws, self defense must be appropriate to the offense
I really don't get this attitude of many Europeans that somehow Europe is superior to the US when in reality the US leads the worlds in almost every aspect.
Exact same in Greece (but in Greek, lol)
This is how Wars starts in the Balkans.
I think electric cars will initially be used more for inside the city work not travel.
I don't know from what part of Greece are you but here in Northern Greece we do love and support them.
But it makes sense because of negative effects of lignite
idk there are greek words and then there are greek words that came from latin
Thats a cloning facility from Kamino
Its not used in a positive tone.
You have the same problem most of the time with ο - ω and αι-ε.
"Punished" is a joke here
I don't think it's an unpopular opinion, deep down we all know it lol
Oh and **he came to power after a coup**, after a referendum for the return of the king was staged
This was for the UN
There was no time for WW1, WW2, the period in-between, post-WW2 civil war, and the military dictatorship that followed
) motto is "There is a Mythos (myth) everywhere
In the International Hellenic University in Greece we're only using Zoom
October came and it was still summer
Mentioning Olympias would bring Albanians into the discussion.
Given the country we are talking about they can only do one of the above
I am like 15 years younger than you and I am perfectly adapted to this situation,  I think the people who are less adapted are the people who are old as you said but younger than 70 maybe, because as you said young people are more comfortable with technology etc and  old people are used to stay at home
Trump suddenly makes everyone listen.
In the last year I have read about Brexit, about Turkey's internal and external hijinks, about Trump and his election, even about Greek politics, and I always finished the articles.
I don't think it counts
I don 't know from where to start listing all the negative stuff
How the fuck were they able to take on Leo 2a4s, they are one of the best tanks in the world.
eat the meat
Have some fucking self respect and realize that not all Chams collaborated with Nazis, many were fighting together with Greeks too.
Afaik the other name for orichalcum is brass, which isn't exactly the most exotic of alloys.
"Malaka" as is tradition
I wish that happened with all of downtown Athens
Of course Samaras ignored that genocidal maniac.
This guy works here
Yes and a pretty one actually
They have good research going on
But I agree with you though, I didn't say that we're extremely efficient, and of course the goal should be to increase efficiency.
But that doesn't stop them from multiplying :/
Zante = Ζάκυνθος = Zakynthos
Many people in Greece love to eat it, especially at Easter
And I also support this post and I believe that we should remember it in order to remember that fascists and neo-Nazis are scums
For first centuries of Ottoman rule that no official data exist, sources mention Ioannina, Patras, Rhodes and Heraklion but probably that has to do with the fact they were the last Greek cities to fall
&#x200B;
I think most Europeans, except British and Irish, use words from Both languages
Let me tell you about the year 285 AD and a mad lad called Diocletian :D
Is the political party of Zelensky going to take part
It's politicians that jumped on the "5000 sUiCidEs eVeRY dAy " train , letting people to believe that it's true
>No denial of genocides and massacres: This includes attempts to deny or otherwise minimize crimes against humanity that are widely recognized such as genocides or massacres (e.g. the Holocaust, the Armenian genocide, etc)
Anti-fascist raids 50
Not only in parties, but also when people are going to clubs,bars etc many people are drinking in order to have fun and to enjoy the feeling of drunkenness, not to the point that they can't walk, but to the point that they experience a feeling of euphoria
In fact, we're not even taught in school it was pronounced in a way other than like mod
All this long tirade about "nazis"
The place floods with tourists every summer.
Argos is just known for being old af
Happy new year everyone
The difference in prices is huge.
Κεφάλι, ώμοι, γόνατα και δάχτυλα
People in the mountainous areas of Greece will have much lower Temps to report
Turkish MP (Turkish Republican People’s Party - CHP) threatens to hoist Turkish flag on Greek islands
Does Garteh Bale count
I'm sorry :)
My ex is from Denmark and lemme tell ya you guys have some really tasty looking dishes up there that I'd love to try once I visit
Koroni, Methoni, Medieval Mani etc
Also I would say Michaloliakos who's the leader of the Golden Dawn a.k.a the Nazi party
People legitimately eat pasta with ketchup, drives me nuts
This is like everyday here in Greece, but people always talk or shout, shyly or not, but you won't believe how often I've been witnessing people of all ages shouting angrily at the driver to open the door on the back when he doesn't, and usually the driver doesn't give a shit
I've been called a Nazi not two days ago on here for arguing against starting a civil war in my country
Yes, we do learn ancient Greek in middle school and high school.
And if you go to the interior is like Iran or Afghanistan
We all are unique and we can all go forward together through the things that connect us
Also 24th of September is still pretty much full blown tourist season, so last minute bookings may be tough to come by.
Coincidence
There are many people with Turkish sounding surnames.
Kolokotronis
You're being downvoted because 3 attacks within a week with two beheadings fuelled by the fact that someone drew a fucking sketch, apparently doesn't consist an attack on values for you
It's a scheme designed to attract big foreign corporations at this moment.
Would you fancy a more detailed answer?
It took a day to change my mind for good.
Next stop: **hospital** :(
I think it's good , what Europe does
The other is Black & Decker the word has deteriorated to blackedecker and it means [those] handheld drills though i've noticed that that is slowly dissapearing
by Karaiskakis again but it was something he said at another time
I guess it also depends on the individual American too
Do you think that when Europeans see Erdogan blackmailing Europe with "give Turkey visa free travel or i open the gates" they feel like the problem is resolved ?
I'd say like roughly around 3000 BC until 1974 AD
The populist opinion here is that everyone is a bit corrupted and there are many former and current politicians that divide the masses and are very hated but also very loved by the people
This average was indeed surprising
Sure you can pay big money to get some michelin stars or whatever, but the local cuisine, what people cook is deep fried crap and microwaved TV dinners
This is always the case in any greek post, it's quite hilarious actually
Or maybe something like USA but adjusted for EU  .
It's all the remnants of his "socialistic" policies, which no later dominant political party dared to change
Greeks can relate to what you said
in greece its rock pencil scissors paper but no one actually uses pencil because no one knows what it does
How fitting
I was under the impression that the publisher set the price and Steam gets their agreed percentage.
How do you actually learn English?
So they may be talking about random things
For example, someone asks me an uncomfortable question or a question I would rather not answer and I "do the Chinese" by changing the subject or acting I didn't hear them
It would be awesome
Not very common, but not very rare either , most people I know haven't a second name, I guess it's like like 1-2 per 10 people or 10-20 % maybe like 15%.
It's always nations with smaller numbers of population that tend to be more "patriotic"
Small incident that made me very happy to "beat" the hostile toe-the-line German system xDD
But sometimes I am thinking about going to  USA
Also '15 was the cost of the elctions.
The cafe was on the sea front
Edit: communists tell the story
Greek government would like to "borrow" this system
I want to piss on your smashed body and play reggae bass with your intestines
And that's how Sparta came to be
My kindergarden had a playground and gym equipment outdoors, and the indoors was for reading, eating, painting etc
didn't found any, so I decided to make the difference xD
Europe needs to build a vast network of high speed railways, just like China is doing
It literally means a man who must speak for his actions as in the man who will be held responsible for his actions
Try new things, get involved, learn a few phrases/words in the locals language if that helps you get familiar with the place, and smile
Is that a reference of something I do not know
And for a third option I'll choose German
Oh and the Age If Alexander The Great
> Nazım HIKMET
Yes, it's all true
Greece was in trouble because that match took place in Athens.
I guess protestant Europe aint western since they (like us) opposed catholicism.
Nobody thought Germans were nazis.
> Winston Churchill wrote, "it is perhaps no exaggeration to remark that a quarter of a million persons died of this monkey's bite
We'd also be insisting that we should order more food when clearly everybody has already eaten way too much
It says that ancient sources say that the temple was near the beach.
"Do the Chinese"=Κάνω τον Κινέζο (Kano ton Kinezo)
Are Alexei and Aleksandr different names
For third language most people learn German, spanish, italian, french, but also russian (again, tourism), turkish (believe it or not: because turkish telenovelas are popular here).
I love the sea and the sun
I only eat it with pasta
The cucumber in tzatziki is a refreshing touch
No one has a right to move wherever he wants.
Made a mistake here, had to use Turkish flair
Reciprocated or not many times it ruins the friendship
nah am just bad at spelling, at least its a funny one this time not just embarrassing
If you want to learn Greek, I can completely vouch for [Language Transfer] It's completely free, they're basically 10-15 minute Soundcloud clips (totalling 4 hours I think) and it teaches you the language naturally, there's basically a volunteer student along with the teacher (Michalis) and he starts off by teaching you a few words, and then prompts the student to construct sentences, and you hear their back and fourth, and throughout the course you learn the grammar of the language and how to think in it
The numbers are extremely affected by how much testing is heing done
There are companies providing 120/120Mbps for as low as 25€ and 1/1Gbps for as high as 360€ but the coverage is minimal
Complete non swimmers are very rare.
also know about the killing of the journalist who was investigating corruption cases
I don't know which is our most embarrassing tech moment
Look at North Macedonia and you will have your answer
The hot weather
And it was not as pc as it would be now, plus the ages would be realistically from preteens to teens which gave you a new perspective on everything, true eye opener
Yeah but the Ottomans sold them, not the Greeks.
For me Crete is even more weird
I'm pretty sure that neither you nor most Redditors have knowledge on what really happened during the negotiations between affected parties, so blaming only Troika for a not satisfactory solution is pretty much a search for a scapegoat.
If we're looking for definite locations of the twin cities, I think I'll go for Izmir and Thessalonica.
EDIT: I'm not being mean by the way, I hope it doesn't come out that way
Same with greeks
I do, I mean Welsh is my actual flex language, I do speak out
She's against gay marriage too.
Most of us don't even contribute a penny while staying with them, unless they deal with financial problems (rarely a Greek parent would ask from his/her kid to chip in even if they dealt with financial problems)
Nice
In some variations of the story, Charybdis was simply a large whirlpool instead of a sea monster
What a nice thing to do, I hope the comments have nothing cringe to say or virtue signal about
It also gets quite cold where I'm from (usually -15°C although this year it hasn't even dropped below -5) but I haven't seen something like that either
most people only know the names of the typical like Texas, Florida, New York and that's about it but personally i can point out most of them on map (i have to say you guys were too bored when you were drawing borders)
Stay strong bros
They were all the same in the first place.After the Junta fell the only parties that were elected were PASOK and ND.Quite recently,Syriza was elected and that ended PASOK and ND "rule".Nothing changed though.The alternative options are not worth mentioning.
Surely there are better nightlife and beaches closer to Istanbul
-And what do they want
νόστος (nóstos) to express our return home after a long absent from our homeland
I think pensioners have it the hardest
Cause there are some serious arsholes among us.
Hmm it looks like de facto Greek clay to me.
oh we also count the 26th as the second day of christmas
Yeah that's right, after 400 years of Ottoman occupation, we fought a civil war in the middle of our independence war against them
RIP to the people whose faces are crystal clear in this photo
Oh god, we do that all the time cause we use a different alphabet and such
Edit; example- you said that Ottomam was the most hated empire by it's subjects.
Today is a good day
I am not sure if there are other good options
Yes
Its not all islands, we have mountains, and velouchi water, better than any other water ive seen
I don't see any wrongdoing here.
There are very strict gun laws
*Thirty-seven percent of Greeks are smokers*
Never been there, but I have a feeling that Montreal's awful would be state of the art in Balkans
Oh, I thought OP meant like "foreigner-foreigner".
There is corruption everywhere
Loved the language
Warm: 30°C -- 35°C
And the eu central bank (which is too independent to be so powerful in my opinion) basically has the power to hold hostage every members economy, sound like a system that is not very democratic
Turkey didn't go there to protect anyone and it's evident by the second invasion
Most of Thessaloniki citizens like complaining about how all the infrastracture goes to Athens and they are neglected blah blah
Unless you talk to hardline theists/atheists, I would guess the majority of people can be led down a line of argument that ends at their acknowledgement that they do not or cannot know if (a) god exists
Salutes to our Romanian, Serbian, Albanian, Macedonian, Bulgarian and Serbian brothers, btw, Balkans rule in this thread
Greece is an outlier
Theodoros Pangalos
Many believe Golden Dawn had a large support in the police force
Imagine thinking albanians have anything to do with ancient Illyrians
maybe democracy or olympic games
yes, i don't know how to justify it but we teach Greek Orthodox Christianity and recently we started learnign about other Religions too and how they differ from ours
Everytime I forget Churchill saved me, I look at the famous photo of the UK flag over the reichstag
Surprised with putting us so low
22 downvotes because he adds nothing to the discussion
some things that I don't do as typical Greek:
There are many things that can characterize Greece as an Eastern European country.
Apparently many foreigners feel disgusted till they try it (charcoal grilled is my favorite, but octupus in vinegar is great too) . But they act the same about squid too
I love that episode, watched it so many times as a kid
When it comes to protests corona is like nah I respect that no infections today
The general climate you get is that the whole point is to get from point A to point B to point C.
Greece doesn't really have castles more like giant walled cities, if that counts then like 10
But since we all like the good white stuff, we are good
The part that stings is that it used to be good, and it went bad recently
Please, don't come begging in 10 years
What she/he "should" do is up to her/him
Let's build a nuclear reactor in Greece
You know the rest
" and put anything you want afterwards and it will make sense (mother, house, kin, siblings, fridge, carpet, shed, ceiling etc
A few days ago he smoked in a bar as well, which is also illegal [link]  edit: gr link
Main transport roads being closed down, rush hour is a pain to even watch from the TV.
The electorate system determines campaign strategies.
αυτο ακριβως ειπα
Stroopwaffel
More than the S/O related, I love the words used when family members express love to each other
Yeahh
Last time I went to Zante it wasn't as warm as I'd have like anyway.
In the big cities they won't close the offices and most shops midday though
I'm amazed they even have swimsuits up there
Greece is high because we are to lazy to go pay them
Well apparently some people got insulted by what he said if you can see the reactions from southern people.
Modern Greece (19th century until today) : Mini, caller id, BlackBerry
I'm a bit confused
hey, don't look at me I would take action if I could
Well think about a country that its economy is based on kebab (gyros) stands.
and other ones that I can't remember
RUSH B RUSSIANS KILL PUTIN
Indeed, I made this a while ago, following a short-lived r/europe map meme going around at the time (it's at the top of r/greece too)
We are important in the maritime sector, especially to everything coming from Asia and the fact that we have the biggest merchant fleet
There's inscriptions with eteocretan and Greek side by side so at least it can be figured out that it's not in the Greek family
The higher the percentage is reused(and the higher the monetary benefit, if i recall well), the less are the taxes.
I was referring to winter styles
14 déka-tesera
I am not sure about literature, but we have the "yellow press" meaning news channels/ newspapers etc
Εφιάλτης (Efialtes) = Nightmare, and also the guy who betrayed the Spartans at the battle of Thermopyle
I didn't mean milk bars as we say cereal bars , I meant bars that sell milk instead of alcohol
It's just hilarious and most of the time, if they speak Greek randomly, I won't understand it immediately because they butcher it
But while at first this was only because of ease of use, soon enough it became necessity:price gougers forced others to gouge the price, and thiefs forced people with low wages to partake
Yeah, that's what I was thinking
Probably because it's so strong it wakes you up
A lot of us are used to being sequestered in our homes safely away from all of it, but I find thunderstorms oddly primal and exhilarating at times
This is EU trying to distract from its problems i think.
In ancient Greece, a similar festive where people were dressing up,drinking and having fun was taking place to worship god Dionysus, so Carnival is linked with pagan and still things like [phallus worshiping are taking place.]
The thing is it's Greece so you never know what happens with so much corruption
just go full trump and kick them out of their homes.
This is a vastly superior map, but culture isn't monolithic, there is overlap
Cause in Greek it's Μουνόδουλος (Mounódoulos) which literally translates to "pussy slave" which is way different attitude from plain "simp
- 10^9 = disekatommýrio (Twice 10^(6))
I'm guessing the civil war after ww2, Cyprus in 1974, Korea in the 50s, what else
Spoiler : They fart his dick
Bulgaria and Albania more or less in the same situation
Sometimes it's called as one of the most ugliest cities in Europe
(Emperor Constantine, Emperor Justinian, Ιnternal conflicts regarding Christianity, The Split of the Western and the Eastern Christian Church, The Crusades and at last the Rise of the Seljuks and the Ottomans)
That's interesting, but considering Austria Hungary was an empire "Ministry of Defense" doesn't sound that prestigious
Some  Fridays or Saturdays  that I pass through it,  it's full of people
Also don't forget that the population of those islands was and is greek.
I *knew* something was wrong with the head line!
Vergoofin der flicke støøbin mit der børk-børk yubetcha
Lannisters in game of thrones go from blond to dark brown
Every  Sunday there's a 3-hour long church service
Same with Greece and many other Balkan countries
Go see if the boats are moving : Stop annoying me and go away
Here if someone want can choose not to attend it
In some sites it was easy to find in the front page, and in others I had to use the search bar
Name
Im sorry but putting cases in a graph is pointless
This requires money for policy and hiring, but the EU tends to advice "no invest, only cut", not allowing such things to happen even under foreign observation
I once read somewhere that there is an organization with pretty much global presence that promises the resurrection of dead people.
German names are so cool though
Greece refused to participate and forbade the use of the NATO bases within Greece for any kind of role in the attack against Yugoslavia
Here we think Santa Claus lives in Lapland
Edit: NSFL
His tweeter is TD tier
We don't eat Mousaka nearly as much as foreigners think
We've harvested ours since mid-October.Why do you harvest olives in Spain that late?
Guess who’s got a tutor
Negotiations are going to be a roller-coaster, I know this for a fact, and a lot of hatred will be spewed back and forth, this is why it is so hard to predict the outcome, it could go both ways.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who does that
That's how it sounds in Greek too but English speakers tend to say "mu" as in mew
Mole=τυφλοπόντικας(tyflopóntikas) blind mouse
A trip to Dortmund costed 10 euros last week
Nope, repealing NN is a huge game changer
I agreI agree with that
6 off the top of my head
i haven't really seen many other than the standard EU one but i really liked the swiss ones
I'm pretty sure we invented that too.
At least according to your elections
Proof that productivity doesn't have to do with how much time you spend at the office
There's the obvious Western/Eastern and bigger Northern Southern divides but they can mix a bit
I can't tell you exact prices because I took mine about 13 years ago
You see north stack in days of old, i guess you can say that:
6%? Wow
Note that this was not the governments actions, from neither side
Are people allowed to get in/out of the city
Cons: prosperity, lack ofdevelopment, stagnant mentality, day-to-day racism
No thank you, I won't be a part of this forced ridicule
Oh no, does that mean that I wouldn't have the pleasure of a cold coffee in Portugal as well
Ασε μας ρε ξεφτιλα που μου απαντας και στα αγγλικα
What about Portugal
Well,Britain can return the marbles and join the club with France, Germany, Netherlands
I expect the West to provide aid to Turkey if the stability of the region is in stake.
I personally just dislike tripe soup although my dad loves it so I have bad memories of that soup smelling in thw whole house, yikes
2gr)
And there's a good chance its people you know, too.
Well I would say Italy and maybe Spain
That's a nice city you got there
I'm genuinely asking
I just added what I remembered
rocket war) on the island of Chios, which has injured people/damaged properties over the years AFAIK
It's not reluctancy to see you go.
Worth to note that years 3-10 and also year 12 is strictly Christianity, and year 11 is 2/3 Christianity and 1/3 other religions, of which we skip a lot and basically just talk very briefly about Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism and Confucianism, probably making many wrong assumptions about them in the process
Cause you know though we may believe that our government can handle the economy better than the EU, according to this chart, but it doesn't mean we believe that they are good at managing it anyway
Eventually in the 21st of April, the tanks were parading in Athens
I can imagine MPs arguing publicly and with heavy british pomp about the various orifices trying not to sound ridiculous.
Cunts that do such acts have no respect for human life.
During the Greek Civil War it was the first time that Napalm was used
Young people have it bad too, but they manage better because they have low expectations
Sure accidents may happen but this won't be solved by building more nukes.
don't get me starting on that...I will just tell you that after 14 years I can still remember the cold of Crete while I was a student.
And go back in cause it's too early
i expected from the conservatives in greece to vote yes because these people have 0 dignity and only exist to ruin things but i didnt expect it from the center left
Thankfully they are the minority
i don't think they like trump though
5 billion people in the world live worse then in germany.
*Mods go brrrrrrrr*
Visited Sofia a couple of years ago.
&#x200B;
> I shall always recognize you
Life is fine, I have everything near me, city is ugly af
At least do you like souvlaki ,gyros and buttfucking
exe has stopped working
It's much easier, for example, to say "literally" in Received Pronunciation rather than in an american accent
Also, as an addition to the above-mentioned Language Transfer course, you can start getting a feel for the Greek language by watching Youtube videos, I recommend [Easy Greek] they also add English subtitles to their videos
Lol, a Turk trying to compare some piece of shit politician to that dictator Erdogan to make himself feel better.
Have you seen what happened in Romania when their goverment tried to screw them?
I hate you Italy and love you with all my heart.
Related article "passangers complain after Agean Airlines flight took 2 hours longer from Kalamata to Athens because pilot was drunk over Peloponnese"
Opinions can change over time, but facts stay the same
I distinctively remember a Scooby Doo episode that I watched when I was younger where the gang went to Athens I think, and there was this weird, creepy guy who didn't really speak English and who kept freaking them out
That's great news
I think the US is in a Cold War with Russia, which is being continuously escalated.
The numbers are extremely affected by how much testing is heing done
In case the leading party has less seats, the president tasks them to explore the possibility of making a multi-party/coalition(?) government, otherwise we vote again
i've had 3 surgeries and i'm only 17, the only thing we had to pay for was snacks
Blaming it on the Soviets is dishonest.
Probably ouzo (tastes like anise - or whatever you mix it with), tsipouro (tastes like rubbing alcohol - goes great with some seafood on the side) and raki (noone has managed to remember what it tastes like - or anything else for that matter)
Most USian 'Italian' restaurants are actually Greek
Majority of refugees are on welfare and will likely never work a day in their life, at least ones from certain countries.
The nights are always hotter
Damn impressive France
However, you wouldn't ask the same if you dined in a gourmet restaurant
When I was in the US twenty or so years ago, some college students were shocked to see a Greek magazine
The seven year dictatorship in Greece or Hitler in Germany were just a hiccup of autocracy in a mainly democratic journey
But probably this is because of our climate, so maybe you are right
You should become a politician because you have to, not because you want to", similarly I think the same can be applied if you want to be a cop in highly police-corrupted countries
(not sure how factual that is but I heard it in the past and a quick Google search agreed)
Personally, I love it
(2) Popular sovereignty is the foundation on which the form of government rests
He has worked for Vice and his reports many times were carried by NBC, Reuters or TIME.
Well the island I come from, Corfu, would no longer be a part of Greece since it was a part of the French Empire until 1814
How do you speak German as Swiss
Well, coffee isn't restricted only in Greece.
Same with greeks
Well, because each letter indeed corresponded to 1 sound (mostly)
Pomaks
Hence, many children nowadays have two or even three names
He also fought in the civil war and lost half his right arm
Come to the EU before the EU comes to you
Dammit this would be a fascinating discussion that I wasn't around for
Cause men would agree /s (i did it again)
The Discoveries, The Colonies, The Renaissance, The American revolution, The French revolution, The start and the evolution of the Greek revolution, The Industrial revolution and then the foundation of the first Greek state, WW1, Russian revolution, Balkan Wars, WW2, The Civil War, Cold War and at last the Crisis of '74
How did they find out if someone was able to read it
At this point I only browse subs about Europe and some gaming subreddits because I literally have no idea what people are talking about
It makes Germany feel right at home
This is the opposite of Democracy
The Macedonia thing is political issue only and it's just about the name
Always love for our orthodox brothers
The first break is 15 mins, and after that its two 10 mins and the last break is 5 mins
The USA took the responsibility to protect these countries when they accepted them into NATO.
Can confirm
He was a dictator, not a democratically elected
When people like Friedman argue for it they aim to cut social security, while other people aim to deepen it
Swedes get drunk in Denmark, Bulgarians get drunk in Greece and Brits get drunk everywhere :)
The Portugal and Spanish Empires fallen hard ... You had a more slow Drop
Cyprus, your not so close EU neighbor
Our government has done some horrible and despicable things
Some schools, depending on their budget and availability of teachers, offer free classes on some afternoons taught by the same teachers
Walk around ladadika and alongside the sea on the old and new waterfront.
I used to live in London for 6 years but now I came back and I live in an island, in a village
I haven't noticed Belarus
If I had lived in any other European country (maybe not Hungary) for 4 years I think I would be at least able to have a normal conversation at the bar etc
With that said, Wikipedia says Portuguese and Catalan too use the article with first names
I also like drinking chocolate milk
You can't just walk in or out just because you work with the West.
I've been using Telegram and I like it a lot
They want to kick out the "evil leftists" and support a fascist government, but they don't like it when said government practices fascism by taking away labor rights
That seems like a proper analogy for the entire country
oh boo hoo tell me where I'm wrong
There are over 1,000 monasteries in Greece that do the same thing for both men and women
I was appauled by most fish dishes
Ye that is interesting
Edit; And Ireland as well
They already have but man would a byzantine assassin be great
I have to smell my nails: I am forced to guess, due to lack of information
Also a trementous tourist trap
"Right now"? That implies there was a time when they weren't XD
but anteater = μυρμηγκοφάγος (anteater) :D
You would absolutely not do an one-night stand if you're living with parents
I thought the same thing when I saw that
With adsl if i sit on the dslam I will get ~20 down ~1 up at ~19 euro for just the internet
We won
I don't like it when it becomes night at 17:30
you actually think getting rid of conquering tyrants that slaughter the natives population = the genocide of said native populations?
The have many words that sound modern Greek(like the aki ending)
one has been closed not a couple, one.
Can confirm
and want closer ties to Greece
upvotes from the oceanfloor
When I think of Latinos, sometimes I think them as non-Americans like Mexican, Cuban etc citizens and sometimes I might think of the as USA citizens, I guess it depends on the occasion and on the Latino person
Since we speak both in family they get mixed up
There are a lot of solid metal bands in Greece, but since you emphasized on wanting distinctive elements about the country there is only one choice
Megali Idea and Kurdistan live
The moment archeologists discover Antinoo's statue,1894,Delphoi,Greece
It means that nothing you get is for free.
Something, something, Gallipoli.
3)The dictator Papadopulos changed the divorce law for one night, so he could divorce his wife and marry his mistress
You do know that no country will ever manage to pay off all their debts and Greece even more so, right?
Dont forget άνω κωλοπετεινίτσα (upper kolopetinitsa, which does not exist afaik) and στου διαολου τον κώλο/το κέρατο (at the devils ass/horn)
Unfortunately Greek politicians draw attention away from important things and they just manage to keep the sheep focused on stupid things
Yeah ntolmádes are greek (ntolmás is the singular form)
This is around the time Greeks sent missionaries to the Rus to convert them to glorious Orthodoxy.
Some Americans here said that it is not abnormal and some other said that it is kinda weird
And that's why you got rich, you don't get high on your own supply.
It has served me well
000  euros
May you be healthier soon
They are not universities but they are collaborating with foreign universities in order to provide pre and post graduate programmes.
Hey OP, I'm writing this in English bc idk if I'm allowed to speak Greek in the comments
So does that mean that Greece is Gondor
I dont think that's the case here
Archemides
It seems I'm working for your benefit today :P
And honourable mention my country Greece
Oh yeah
Yay
This is the first time I see anything about the Prime Minister and I don't cringe to death
Things were not so serious, let's say, 10 years ago but now that Erdogan started playing weird games with post-Ottoman treaties, I can say that Turkey should be seriously concerned with.
So you mean Serbians from Kosovo?
it’s mainly bc we’re broke
You have a weird sense of humor
That's me but with Cypriots
I also didn't like Prague and the older Checzs in general
Democracy and due process are absent today in Russia
If you go out on the streets and ask random people who he was, that's what they'll probably tell you
In the US though, there are 3 years old trans kids which is seriously extreme
I sincerely hope our neighbours will vote for a secularist and Erdogan will be ousted
Spelling in particular is extremely hard as we have different letter combinations that represent the same letter (like ι can be written like η, ει, and οι, all depending on the word and context)
If you go to Greece I suggest trying the various 'mezes' that are like tapas plates and have really interesting flavors
Still waiting on that Rule34 content chief
After around 10 minutes I see my friend and he comes running to me and says the others met a guy that gave them coupons to an underground strip club when he learned they were foreign
Oh man you made me shudder while reading the comment about Greece
"If you are not with us you are a nazi" . Ahm,no
This is an other discussion
Cause that's a big difference
What is something weird is that Basques don't look so different than the Spanish and are genetically very close
This song isn't very very popular in Greece generally speaking
This was kind of shocking for us, knowing her, because she is very much a good person, and at first glance it seemed seriously closed minded, so we pressed her on it
Schaeuble warns: Christmas bonus for Greece’s low-pensioners could bring down the eurozone
Perhaps but most likely not
If an alternative is to be made it should be it should be as difficult, important and expressive as the boycott
The sailors would also sell small or pocket fm radios to the locals, which the locals thought they'd fooled them but the Americans usually bought those duty free, so they'd finance their night out with no hassle and sometimes with a profit
( I am interested)
Albanian and Greek as well
Nose rings are mostly seen as ok even in some professional settings
Damn I'll bring Greek summer to Poland with me
I prefer the flag of the 1st and 2nd Republic (they are the same ) instead of our current one
#WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS BULLSHIT
I hope the Spanish government favours force of argument, not argument of force
well we gained our independence from the ottomans in 1821,but we have existed for thousands of years
when I was a teen I was into garage punk and I couldn't care less about lyrics, just the one chords and the screams were enough to get me going
Or a Chaplain v some peasant with a rod
> Asuracenturix
Just guessing though
Yes
For fuck’s sake, is this where we’ve ended up
Obviously tourism is our strong sector and a lot of money is flowing in the country and to these people, enough for them rest after 5-6 inhumane months of work.
*Thirty-seven percent of Greeks are smokers*
I prefer the flag of the 1st and 2nd Republic (they are the same ) instead of our current one
We are also a shield for the main bulk of current immigration for Europe whether you wanna admit it or not we are just here to play border guard
* [Peace and Friendship Stadium] (1983)
Maybe all year long
Who gave that award to the OP
Switzerland
We also don't drink sterilized milk very often
So basically Crete
Browsing through wikipedia I found [this] pic of a pre-Nuragic Sardinian small statue
a) we don't interfere and back Greek nationalist groups in Cyprus cause that's what sparked the war in Cyprus, if we didn't do that Cyprus would be united fully independent with Turkish and Greek Cypriots coexisting (we had a military junta at the time)
In the age when debate performances don't matter for elections, why should questions answered matter for beauty pageants?
Honestly, it doesn't real look like a duckling, but I think it's really cute
If we want to be realistic, taking Constantinople and keeping it has not been a viable scenario for a long time
They do all the other stuff you know too
The new center front will be bigger and stronger since it will not only have social democrats but the christian democrats too.
In southern Greece it rarely snows, but in some regions of northern Greece it happens more often
Quite the opposite I would say
I'm guessing by making people poorer so they cheat more
Can you give an example of him speaking about an issue that he cares but he doesn't really get it
I've sadly read quite a few posts urging you to drop Athens from your list.
* [Hilton Athens Hotel] (1963)
It doesn't mean we love you any less when we use it or that we advocate (or would even tolerate talk) of "removing" any Turks in any way.
The problem with Turkey is not only the denial and/or "justification" of terrible events but also a *constant* policy of violence against ethnic and religious minorities until the get rid of the problem.
The word "Lesbian" originates from Lesbos due to the fact that it was the home to the 6th-century BCE poet Sappho (who is said to be the first lesbian)
Very often they decide that in order to protest about something they do not like (from a change in the studies programme up to a new law or
Corfu is Κέρκυρα (Kerkyra) in Greek, it comes from the greek word from summit, Κορφή. (there's a story about why the French and British called it that during their respective occupations of the island)
Single
That's what they call it in northern Greece too
You can have my share of Greek yoghurt any time you wish
I think I fell in love with a word
The most shocking thing is that a lot of countries have higher prices for water compared to sodas, beer etc
So cool I didn’t know about the flight ,btw the exact 200 year mark is tomorrow
Did they took care some of our people during our civil war?
There are some people who proposed it
In Crete most surnames end with -akis
I'm sorry that our governments were reluctant towards becoming an official protectorate.
It's a shame that my government hasn't recognized you yet.
Dead on the money
and ban travel to Turkey for tourists
Help
You're making us proud OP
A lot of couples came the next day to take divorce, but they couldn't.
Or get caught
Just like every other socialist country
>Our passport is ranked 4th
And I thought we were corrupted
Especially the ones in which there is often drama like Italy, Spain and Poland
I have taken the train from London to Paris before though
I thought I was weird for staring down the bus driver to telepathically indicate that I wanna get on, lol
"Rally to kind Zog
Fun fact, it's also pretty normal to ask for any leftover bones when eating meat to give them to your dog
r/logicgatememes
Why did Turkey did all these things AFTER the Junta fell
You don't choose the sociopath life, the sociopath life chooses you.
I hope that's why she's your ex
Maybe they meant cunt
There will by music and loud conversations
2 δύο (dio)
I dislike that they call it tetris
And Basketball badge:
First question: yes, since 3rd year up until the 12th
Most young people aren't very religious, and don't care about icons
Are Hungarians in general supporting these measures ?
Despite being the most inspiring act of resistance during the occupation, the two men were persecuted after the liberation by the anti-communist post-war government (which was largely made up of Nazi collaborators - thanks UK and US) and were sent into exile
I thought it had to do with how I am accustomed to eat it, that's why I ask
The common accent from Athens is just considered normal
The Kebabists would be a faction I could wholeheartedly support.
Make carrying guns legal in Europe, ez
However if you'd been to Thessaloniki first, then the sheer size and density of the capital will be a shock to you
Get your stupid apps and get the fuck out of Europe
I think it is widely known since last year that the Greek eastern border is kinda porous.
It was also set on fire, at least twice.
A shame, beautiful islands all of them, you should go
Milk gathering is performed in a shed using milking machines in an environment that is clean, protected and ideal for safeguarding the quality of the milk
But who are they going to support instead?
Still a much much better representation
Rome alone lasted for a thousand years and it was a lot more unstable than the EU
Not only for the murderer, Roupakias but also for their Organisation, the fucking Golden Dawn and their  chain of command .
Melania's family has established close connections i hear ;) Also, follow his money.
In some regions the word βερβερίτσα (ververitsa) is used, with its origin being slavic
I can't decide if I want to ban Tsipras or Erdogan
I am sorry i don't recognise the person in Ireland.Might be i am behind in celebrity news ?
IKEA in Greece, is considered expensive, stylish and  not very sturdy as furnitures
I said it's a brief introduction.
The printed letters
It's designed for usage in Wikipedia via
And we voted them to get us out of the crisis...
Exercising can also help reduce urges to smoke.
If it gets that bad I'm sure my proactive industrious belgians will buy them
The Americans were supporting the king's coup and they were supervising the situation with American police etc and they expected him to do a coup during April
That he looks like Mr Bean(Spoiler he does)
Albania gets financial support for TAP pipeline, operational in 2020
But I may not remember everything correctly about that last thing
The judiciary isn't really political in Greece.
Well you instantly take that mocking tone I referenced earlier and then instantly go on about downvotes, as if you were justified in your original statement and being punished.
An american, a canadian, an australian, a south african, a brazilian, hell, an indian and a japanese could say the same things, apart from history and language.
14 δεκατέσσερα (dekatessera)
Unless you are loaded, Mykonos might be pretty but it's not worth it
The dominant language has remained Greek, but this doesn't change the fact that Cyprus has seen a completely divergent history from Greece since the initial colonisation.
**Alexis Tsipras**, Prime Minister, said on live TV to a victim of the Mati wildfire that "even if he gave her 2000 euros, she'd waste them" (actually the wildfire produced bucketloads of sick comments from members of the gov and parliament
I can't imagine this country out of the EU, really.
So big brands bring a penalty but a number of arsoned cars per month doesn't?
In smaller towns you can get shitfaced as much as you want, and beer/wine is pretty common in the house for those above 14-15.
Greetings from Greece <3
On a completely urelated note, Greece has the highest number of metal bands per capita outside scandinavia
They cannot easily grasp the concept and I cannot show it more than once.
My parents were born during the war my Dad became an orphan, or technically raised by his older sister
The food market is great though , the restaurant also good .
8 out of 13 regions of Greece (and among them the most populous ones including all major cities) have a ratio of healthcare personnel >400 per 100.000 inhabitants and still somehow we have one of the shittiest healthcare systems in the EU.
It was mostly poor, rural, and under-educated areas that were voting for them
And that’s what makes it so frightening
After that everything repeats it self as before but now with Ekató, till ofc you reach 200 or 300 or 400 or 500
I cant find a job im not joining a terrorist group dumbass!
You were the bad guys anyway, shouldn't have invaded Greece.
North Greece, we went to the Royal Macedonian tombs at Aiges, basically small hills that covered fancy burial places, got to see the bones, ceremonial armour and gold of Phillip II which was pretty dope
Really
no , all they have to do is let Russian soldiers take "vaccation" to their soil.
The rest I'm too bored to answer ;)
When I was a kid, the parents just drove their kids to parties without staying there
Also , in my school it was done better, because my teacher was open-minded , so she didn't force religion on anybody, she did have debates with kids etc
Such as Georgios Tsolakoglou, Konstantinos Logothetopoulos and Ioannis Rallis who were Prime ministers during Nazi occupation and basically puppets of Nazis
Now the idea of me climbing the tree gets me frightened.
Okay then, the "kind" of Greeks that I'm talking about are the Pontian Greeks.
Theodoros Pangalos
Why do you say that
We agree to disagree
Athens and Thessaloniki for sure, they're the 2 biggest cities in Greece and because we have a few diffrences in our vocabulary we like to make fun of each other
It looks surprisingly similar to [Cycladic statues] of the time from Greece
Usually with other Brits, which is peculiar, at least to me
Austria wants to start another world war, what's new
I can't tell whether the decision of the British public was either good or bad but it's what you wanted so I respect that.
It's fine as long as it's practiced individually and stays away from politics.
[72][73] The cleaning process scraped away some of the detailed tone of many carvings
Is that correct
Its like going in the restaurant and asking just "meat".
I feel very uncomfortable swearing in Greek.
Pure red
I was shocked at the time Clinton was making fun of him for not being able to understand English or not making sense when he was speaking
I think that Greek and Turkish forces must get out of Cyprus, then it must be decided whether the Turkish settlers are allowed to stay or leave,then that's it.
But I think that some democrats like Sanders are actually center left
but at the same time I learned to appreciate the lyrics of psychedelic music
[stuffed olives with almond or peppers ]
I'll piggy back on yours since it's about Greek
EU is known for making compromises.
Isn't this the same organization the USA was supplying at the start of the war, but later stopped because they joined ISIS?
Whom is this name you speak of
I hear they treat drug dealers really well there /s
Neither EU nor Nato are reacting and the German policies are rewarding Turkey instead of helping Greece defend its borders
No that's why I said" I think", I know that the suffix -Ίδα/-ιδας means son/daughter of (hence leonidas means Lion's son) so I figured that's what it meant but I'm in no way sure of it, I tried to google it but nothing helpful came up
Homeric Greek (700-800BC) I think I'd recognize grammar, so verbs nouns etc but not make out the meaning cause they are not in use today a lot of them, studied it for a year in school but don't remember how hard it was tbh
[sounds like this]
Oh boy, time to sort by controversial
Turkey
Oof, this is hard, but I would not go with the obvious War of Independence in 1821 and rather choose the 1922 "Asia Minor Disaster" which concluded the Greco-Turkish war
If anyone shouldn't have been allowed to join, it is someone who is against a closer union, more integration (pointing at the UK).
Maybe I could think of some better stuff but I don't know
Colder countries consume more meat and fat-heavy diets, whereas mediterranean countries have some of the most healthy and balanced diets
a) we don't interfere and back Greek nationalist groups in Cyprus cause that's what sparked the war in Cyprus, if we didn't do that Cyprus would be united fully independent with Turkish and Greek Cypriots coexisting (we had a military junta at the time)
This idiocy is the hill he wants to die on.
"Taking over" the building ( I do not know how to express it in English better) means that they forbid any professor, PhD, cleaner, technician, secretary etc to enter, all academic procedures are halted
Aren't there problems between Albanians and Fyromians in FYROM though?
Quantum mechanics
You still might get weird looks if you try to pay 30 cents with card, but one coffee is totally acceptable
Should work on fixing and unifying Europe proper before we worry about taking in the world's migrants.
Sirens basically
Nowdays the Agrafa mountains are very sparsely populated, my dad's been, there's only a few tiny villages high up with at most a single coffee shop or something and mountain tops
&#x200B;
So the same thing that's already happening between South Europe and the rest of the EU regarding the immigration crisis?
In many ways though their laws may conflict with the local laws, like they do in france with religious symbols.
No native speaker, but teacher of English as foreign language
The mother scared, freezes, looks with straight-[wide]open eyes, very cute, and flees
Diem is Varoufakis and Movement of Change is (mostly) Pasok
Oh no Germany is into something again.
Interesting that about social cohesion.
I have no idea why, it looks nothing like a duckling, but I like it
It could force Turkey to become more inward looking for some time, decreasing tension with its neighbors but also has the potential of destabilizing the region with both Turkey and Greece incapacitated.
Greek right-wingers have tried to frame this as him trying to rob the store, as him being under the influence of drugs or/and alcohol, or him having a knife
Kóstas -> Kostákis
> Still a very nice place to visit if you know where to go and when
In Athens, it is called kalamaki (which also means plastic straw everywhere in Greece) and in Thessaloniki; souvlaki
Ultras in Greece turn violent regardless of sport or class
Ah, I see
I went to Milan last year and oh boy it was a shittown
I think it was something trivial about where to go on vacations and ranking local people based on hotness
We don't eat Mousaka nearly as much as foreigners think
Pretty sure it's short for Ugkanda, mate
you will get a free medal also if you go there
If you have problem with receiving money and you don't know what to do with them, contact me
For example, if you're name is Eleni, you'll throw a party (on May 21st for Eleni) and your friends will all come visit for a little while, then eventually head off to another Eleni's party
In addition there would be less hunger in the world because of technologies like cultured meat
Athens: Gray concrete
my essays in english were really good too but in greek, they were like a 10 year old wrote them
I like how French sound put probably will never get a chance to learn them :/
Ending with a massive fleet battle where England, Russia and France wrecked the Ottoman Fleet and seal the countrys future.
I feel honored to do so as well
Yeah,  I think you are right
Tell it to other Greek guy on this thread fratello, who doesn't belive me hahaha
Do you think they were unjustified
Hahaha I got you bro
Most areas have accents rather than dialects, or maybe use some idiomatic words so it would be rather easy to follow
[Almost 1h30min is spent at or near the border]
You make him more popular in Turkey though.
2/10
It fell into the HDR kettle when it was but a little pixel
Mainly cause of their Metro
We have our own unique alphabet too
Every
So did Hitler, but that didn't work out well for him
Nah, Serbs were killing innocent women and children, who btw were not desert people but Slavic muslims.
People say they care about the refugees, but nobody does anything to close the place down
Same in Thessaloniki
In modern Europe, we have laws and rules.
We pronounce it jaw-kin for some reason
May in the same category as Erdogan ?
yes
I found all the info about the cultural identities of the actors in this thread.
The left is really out of solutions.
But that was not a sustainable way of life
Also many people know the big cities of USA, like NYC, Las Vegas, Los Angeles etc
We moved to Greece from Russia because we identify as Greeks by ethnicity and after the USSR collapsed most of our relatives moved to Greece, so after some years my family did as well for a better future
He introduced equivalents to the Nazi salute and the Hitler youth
In every cafe I went, I asked if I can be served a cappuccino freddo (cold cappuccino)
I've noticed that we got the same cuisine in all of the Balkan countries while calling the dishes different names
The difference between the two is that this version has more money and spends it all buying Moët in night clubs
Is this the last meal of the day then
This guy, along with other dudes like that, are like the hillbillies, rednecks of Greece
Welcome to Budapest
And that he is unlucky,(i.e. when he was elected prime minister in July: Some time later (a week or so) there was the biggest or 2nd biggest earthquake in Greek history)
Based
Older people tend to view Germany more positively too, because many of them or members of their families were able to migrate there and work after Greece tore itself up in the civil war in '45
There is a persistent and pervasive cultural norm of tax evasion, favoritism, having 'backup' off-the-record money, knowing the right people in the state, and so on
They will always be legal tender, but they don't print them anymore, and the ECB doesn't plan to replace them with the Europa series
Greece: Supreme Court rejects extradition request for all eight Turkish servicemen
>it
And good luck to them, because the closest they will get to them is through the official websites and Google maps view
Imagine having 38-42, high humidity, every day for 3 months
Really
You can get a lot of meat out of your degree if you check the EU cities like Brussels or Strasbourg.
Parents here and the society in general pressure you to not proceed with making a family before you mature enough, figure out what you're gonna do in life and/or find a stable income
Thessaloniki
Democracy: Europe is no longer safe
I think it was so over hyped by the people I was traveling with that I was disappointed when I went there
Thankfully the greek pantheon woke up too after 2 milennia of sleep and Athena buggerred the unruly Titan with a prize winning leak" (kudos to whoever gets the reference)
Thats so weird for me
Erasmus didn't have that, being used to his mother tongue, some stuff didn't make sense for him, others were hard to use when speaking
I've never seen it any other way.
Well Greek mythology has
Honestly, I can't think of anything, it's usually pretty accurate
The most buffling one I saw recently was that people in a city where a new 5G Network was installed gathered signatures to remove it because allegedly it was a plot by Europeans to turn them infertile
Well someone drew a line and if u are below it u are the same.People should get that Balkan is the name of the peninsula,it doesnt necessarily describe the people living in it.
Never been there, but I have a feeling that Montreal's awful would be state of the art in Balkans
I don't even like Trump but damn if it's not enjoyable watching him own Merkel, Macron and the other EU snakes
- 10^6 = ekatommýrio
Prices are fixed for everyone, and if the owners don't comply the tax agency would be more than happy to have a word with them
Noone in the union cares about the opinion of Portugal, Greece or even Denmark for example but everyone listens closely when Germany is speaking
I despise my accent deeply but I probably will never do anything to fix it
We are kinda left on our own to deal with a really big number of immigrants, with funding from the EU to build all the concentration camps for them
I, for myself, feel safe because I'm in good physical condition, young and there aren't any reported cases in my area
Soo will the people get any money or nah
I think the Thessaloniki metro was planned before the Athenian one
Can't pick a favorite
late 16th century: from French *patriote*, from late Latin *patriota* ‘fellow countryman’, from Greek *patriōtēs*, from *patrios* ‘of one's fathers’, from *patris* ‘fatherland’.
Thanks but we are good, the fine people in Germany have used your loans to them to loan us good
I thought it was part of the mainland , not an island lol
That is not true
I fall in love with every single language I come across, and that's too painful, especially if it's from a language group I'm not familiar with
Can someone please explain exactly whats going on in the city
Man I will always remember this song XD
It's a comment on society's priorities
Having only recently become independent themselves, they were the only ones who could understand our struggle for freedom
There is a desert on the island of Lemnos
But it might be because I have a lot of context and know the phrasing used in the Bible but many similar words and grammar non the less
Furthermore it's cheaper
>The common accent from Athens is just considered normal
That's because he's a dummy, Joey actually got 56
He's like this every time Serbia is mentioned
Why do I remember another one
Half the big/medium cities of Germany
100€: two synthetic pants, six pairs of socks, a pair of running shoes, two boxer shorts and three t-shirts
Μηπως μας κανανε και στους 2 λαους πειραματα με lsd τη δεκαετια του 50;
However, it is a suburb
Sykiés - Fig trees
Oh believe me I know ;) We were part of it for 500 years
i hope you have a screenshot cause i get a error 503 from your link
i don't have time to list all of the but you get the picture
Most of the times no, but sometimes yes
In Athens souvlaki is a general term, it applies to both kalamaki and pitogyro
Yep, its even a saying in my country, about complicated things , we call them the Cypriot Issue
But that would take us waay back economically anyway so it is pointless
Coffee, spice, sugar and human trafficking if you want to get technical about 3 centuries ago.
Red and Blue are ok; the green one is a nightmare in every way
Usually we eat and drink and trying to have fun and sometime we are debating .
Did you also have Alsatian wine with that
What a bright young man
Each campaign concentrates on the states they have a chance on.
It's rough though cause Greek has 5 vowels and English has like 89
Even if they weren't friendly, they were extremely polite.
Actually there is a big amount of people not paying at all, due to the service being extremely bad, but anyway you can buy paper tickets from small convenience stores, the transport company's ticket offices (at the main bus terminals) or buy a ticket (not all variants available) from an automatic machine inside the bus (doesn't give change) or from the driver - depending on the line (OASTH, Thessaloniki Greece)
Poros actually consists of 2 island.
I know that some Greek restaurants abroad even have Greek producers directly send them stuff, so that they can not only cook Greek, but also deliver dishes that have a genuine taste of Greece
The moment the Left became socialist it lost its credibility.
Catacomb (Κατακόμβη) - The term catacomb is derived from the greek *κατά* and the latin *cuba* which is a loan from the greek *κύμβη* which means *tumulus*.
their safety record says otherwise actually infact russia is one of the countries with the lower nuclear accidents in the world..
But 'Akis' is seen as massively corrupted and there is propably not one person willing to defend even one thing he did in his career, when other politicians have many apologists defending them
Hellas (Ελλάς/Ελλάδα) is what we call ourselves of course
Other northern regions (Serres, Kastoria, Florina, Kilkis): Cold (metaphorically and literally), quiet, distant
The comment isn't underrated
Yeah I know but the same goes for the other cities I mentioned I think
North Macedonia
If it gets one yesterday, it will take more than a decade to implement and for greece to find its place in the globalized puzzle.
Even a uni professor of mine kept spouting about it.
Put darths Vader theme and it will be 100 times better
what do you expect to happen
What kind of idiotic leveling is that?
" and he responds "and you're 80,but you still fuck, don't you
catapult
"Ok, I'll take your stapler then - Saarland"
I initially thought that these coffees were pretty common everywhere, but then my travels abroad made me realise that it's mostly a Greek thing
Our house is like a gigantic woofer
Ετσι κι ετσι
Nice anime
Today will be remembered as the day that /u/xxTheHoffsNosexx truly united Europe with our common hatred towards him/her
I guess that fit the stereotypical image, especially of some rural areas
Ryan, Wizz, Vueling etc are cheaper than trains
nah we spend that on coffee and 4k 50" tvs
In Greece we learn a lot of Ancient Greek in school, but there's so many forms of the language that most people don't understand everything
There are obviously many phrases for sex and off the top of my head they all use the "do".
No comments on the actual "tirade" by the man who spent his afternoon whitewashing neonazis - without quotes
Vaffanculo
I always thought the etymologies of 'Sakartvelo' (Georgia) and 'Türkiye' were too obvious but turns out I was wrong.
Feminists want to solve the toxic masculinity problems you mention, they are not responsible for them and they don't ignore them either.
Except Goldman Sachs knowingly does bad.
That would totally be energy efficient.
after some staring at a map i've found:
It's good
It's bad but not as bad as in the USA or the countries of Latin America.
Oversimplifications and comfortable 2 line rhetorics from people who have no expertise or insider angle
A simulation of the formations of superclusters in the universe, it kind of looks like a purple glowy fishnet
I always said that Scythians, Khazars, Huns, etc
Yes, I should have pointed out that I was referring to the traditional interpretation of Santa Claus
Although he had been living abroad since he was 18, it was the first time he lived in the south and the first time punctuality was a problem since when his Greek friends would be late he didn't really pay much attention as they never had a set time
Historic decision
It's just not the topic here
Tarama or Taramasalata or taramosalata
Yeah I know - Imagine my surprise when I moved here from Greece 5 yrs ago (thanks crisis).
] I completely made up the meaning of that graffiti, but that's the best part
He refers to Mahmud II specifically
It's the only word with that sound that I just can't get to sound right
I spent way too much time reading about the Munich Massacre, inspired by your post
I think that Cyprus is considered to be a part of Europe
Kastoriá! It's a stunningly beautiful town in northern Greece, right next to a lake, and it's a good kept secret because it's not faithful to the stereotypical "Greek dream" (sun, beaches)
Because you stopped being a Soviet republic **recently**, because there is still a schism between Russia and 'the West' and because people like making correlations and forcing generalisations.
Spoken Danish
Very few English-speaking courses and learning greek is out of the question, so
In Greece, most National police officers are armed
Classification of EU regions
Add to that if someone is old and feels entitled and you got yourself one of the biggest daily life problems in Greece
*21 years later
Can't promise anything
Hey if you're looking forward to visiting Greece, yes Athens is a good choice but as a Greek I would suggest that you visit one of our islands
I think the numbers of smokers in the last few years are lower, because as you said it is regarded as unhealthy and stinky
Don't link directly to Google Translate; link to the actual article and provide the translation in the comments.
3%,
There is no way that you can find sources that are not biased over the subject
Behave
[Secret schools]
Just because i dont buy Antifa 's bullshit,that dont make me a golden dawnist
I'm sold
Cons: Cold weather for people who aren’t used to it, racism, homophobia, all very grey and depressing, government, prejudice from the rest of the world
Of course this thing changes when you have to deal with the perception of older people, but yes, it's absolutely logical
There's the regular chicken soup, no eggs
I'm not a big fan of alcohol beverages
Nope, we hold the record for "fewest continents connected", at 0
Now, is your sushi coworker pretentious about the sushi thing
practical but not really fashionable
They're the only northerners I can personally relate to
Everyone knows the only logical capital for the
Wow, I knew some things about the taxis in Turkey but this changes the whole perspective
Well it said almost nowhere and there is a map that shows the temperature of each country
Why are we supposed to feel close to these countries just because of religion?
Yeah Rhodes is a great and a lot cheaper than Santorini or Mykonos
Are those meatballs ? Does this mean IKEA LIED TO US ALL ?
that is ugly as fuck
First of all Mongolia is in central asia, secondly the turkish people came from the Altay mountainrange, where modern Kazhakstan Mongolia and Russia are.
Τι πράγμα;
Then again when the tourists fight they are so drunk they're not really a danger to anyone but themselves
Here on Greece it is so low because we can't afford funerals
- Στη μέση του πουθενά (in the middle of nowhere)
Without a filter I'd probably go with bottled water
So cool I didn’t know about the flight ,btw the exact 200 year mark is tomorrow
I never said nothing bad about Pontics and Cypriots.
Not better, just different
* Thermos for vacuum flasks (even those that are "regular flasks" but resemble vacuum flasks are called Thermos)
I am actually surprised it is that low.
i think it’s kinda both in greece
It's great that there are still temples remaining in south Italy
Once you bomb a country to hell like France/UK did, you need to take some responsibility for it, which they are not.
To be fair they could be conducting SEAD so the UAVs can operate
No it doesnt give Germany monopoly, make better tanks if you want contracts.
Actually these are kinda the normal September temps for Greece
When I was in high school we went to Venice for a school trip
80% of the country is mountainous
I write **α**. **a** Is a bit harder to write for me, I tried it a few times but it looked completely wrong
A lot of this welfare that contributes to this quality of life is, not directly, paid for by the USA.
Brexit well deserved tbh
I always root with the opponent of Italy, unless they play against Spain or Germany
And create a proper refugee center / camp on the Lybian coast?
Every state has one, equal vote
Funny that in Greece everyone who wanted to turn the country into a Soviet province is seen as a hero by the majority here.
I wonder why he didn't simply apply some oil/ alcohol with a brush.
Yes, both Greek state and Greek church follow the Gregorian calendar, except for Easter (and of course all the other religious dates that are related to Easter) which follows the Julian calendar
The afgan who murdered and raped the 19yr old in Germany, had pushed a school girl in Corfu Greece.
Eleftherios Venizelos
I've been using Telegram and I like it a lot
sometimes since Greek and Latin are pretty similar
I am just stating an obvious fact: Global worming is man made
Don't live close to any one of those
Yeah that's what I said
Aristotle
The French taste like fermented grapes and body sweat
>But luckily everyone is alloved to make fun of sweden :P
Rotting Christ, which I'm listening to right now :p
Finally it matters a lot where your parents and grandparents come from
They do, they just get smuggled through, Albanian/Greek gangs are making billions smuggling these people out.
I airbnbed in Ireland and I didn't come across it
Some books also came out in Ancient Greek.
Milk gathering is performed in a shed using milking machines in an environment that is clean, protected and ideal for safeguarding the quality of the milk
My friend who teaches at an Italian primary school has a student called Daiana
It's either Greece or Romania that start something in this subreddit always I swear
Also - poulos comes from the Peloponnese
“I’m sure they’ve finally realized their God is dead
* Post-it for sticky notes
If you go to a greek supermarket you wont find irish finnish or portuguese products but theres a crap ton of German ones
You do realize that you're still in though.
Bet they're confusing it with Australia
Im honestly pretty sure most of our governments crumble before tje end of their term, nowadays at least
Give me milk or give me death
Oh and **he came to power after a coup**, after a referendum for the return of the king was staged
That's how Singapore became an independent nation, by being expelled from Malaysia against its own will.
I was confused about private schools and colleges
Does he know that the "girl" is actually a man
Μεινιμα
Απλα σκρολλαρα σε αυτο το ποστ και βρηκα το κλαψιαρικιο σχολιο σου.
If you count Tsakonian as a different language from Greek, then I can say that I can't understand a single word of it
Damn you azerty keyboard
Every small nearly abandoned village hosts a festival with live music, food drinks and stuff
I second your complaint
People would rather support programs were you give enough money for a village in Africa to built a well or some sort of irrigation system rather than giving them cookies with multivitamins etc
I looked it up on Google trends and basically Patras is a big one with about 250k pop, without being necessarily the most famous
Closest common usage I can think of is referring to *the hestia of the fire* or *multiple hesties* to mean active wildfire hotspots
What google and other corporations do is known as "starving the beast", where reducing taxes paid goes beyond just raising the value of their stock
The Best
Once I couldn't hold it and I had to ask the station manager if they had a toilet
Where I come from they should be doing annual driving tests from 18 and up
i m surprised you expected a meaningful reply to a dumb comment that says west is gay
Usually memorials are very basic and plain but this one is brilliant
**Pronunciation wise:** if you can speak Spanish, you've got it
If you wanna help the environment then ban imports from China/India
πολυελαιος=πολυ+ελαιο=much oil
Do they even make an effort
Some Older Greek houses also have this three prong plug
Are they peeling eggs for you
We became independent in 1830 (big thanks to England Russia and France)
Oh and don't get me wrong I love how expressive your dialect is, compared to standard Greek
And about a dozen glass windows as well
That's awesome
Nothing "major" will ever happen because ISPs don't want the public to know what they are doing
Di Maio is bullshit though
Welcome Scottish brothers
Ireland has a very weird political spectrum :
Do you have the types of door that can be opened from the outside
No, because the alphabet is part of the language.
I had no idea that we had that song in Greek as well
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconios
The issue however is, much like the government knew that the healthcare system wasn't build to support a hard hit from the virus they also know that Greece's economy can't support a non tourist year, so they are literally opening the country up with "restrictions" that unfortunately are just for them to be able to say "we put restrictions" but they really aren't substantial ones
First of all stop saying things i didn't say.
I'm lucky cause were i live there are about 5-6 different ones next to my house and they are all really good
The reason for the post is that in a few days (7/10/20) there will be the court verdict
I have long hair, I work out, if I don't shower afterwards I will be captain stench and my hair will look like a mirror with all the grease reflecting the light
Do you go every Sunday to church?
Even if you type [this] on google you get maps of Saudi Arabia.
Knock knock, it's the fucking Balkans
LOL, take your reasoning out of here...
Frontex was overwellmed and gave up...The EU with all its resources was overpowered by the problem, but Greece and Italy should do better?
Never seen any of those, they look weird and funny lol
If UK citizens want to live in EU they could ask to become citizens of their country of residence [maybe there could be an agreement to make it easier ; *that* would make sense]
The terror the mortals felt when they encountered him like this, came to be called "Panic".
Don't forget the pastries
In Greece at least, there are always signs
one of these is not like the others...
Year 10 (high school starts): Ancient History (including more diverse civilizations in Asia)
Γενικα το εννουσα, οτι οπου και να πας στην Ελλαδα εχεις αυτο το μπλε που δεν το 'χεις πουθενα. Μενω μεταξυ Αθηνας κ Σαντορινης, Αθηνα οκ παω πασσο γενικα, εκτος αν εχεις καλη θεα.
The white nationalist Viking wankfest is hilarious and sad.
Maybe he was more passive or quiet than the rest, but still, not starting a war gives many points.
Bte why did you write Scottish & British in your flair
If you are interested in history you should visit Athens for a couple of days and then head out to experience the land's diversity
And the pastries
There is a law that forbids women from entering the peninsula (Ν.
I have no idea cause I generally don't travel by train, but I only know that to get from where I live (Thessaloniki) to my hometown (Edessa), which is 100km away, the train ticket is 7€
Greek populace
The myth of the moneytree that grows money: this is the current understanding of most Greeks with respect to the economy
i live there, can confirm
The have many words that sound modern Greek(like the aki ending)
In the 1900s the most of the Greek population moved to Athens and Thessaloniki but in recent years they've started going back smaller towns and cities, the population of Athens and Thessaloniki has been dropping in recent years while the population of Patras and Heraklion along with other cities has been rising
Nah, i don't really care
Perfectly Perfect: 20°C -- 23°C
Doesn't surprise me in the slightest
The κομπολόι (beads string) is something that only old men use
μου αρεσει που εβαλες και τα 3/4 για να εισαι accurate
A french guy (in France) once asked me what language do we speak in Greece
When he entered, he got his camera ready, and going up to the third floor he thought “Reddit, the last enlightened place on Earth, will finally give me the attention I deserve and recognize me for my intelligence
With Castor and Polydeuces, things are more complicated
The Turkish names on those derive directly from their old Greek names, I'm therefore not sure if they fall in the category OP asked
I think keeping winter time would be nice
It depends on how well you know the other parents, if they ask to stay, wether you're busy etc
It's when you act oblivious of what's happening around you deliberately
*finally decides to respond*
Lol
Really
My Monday got better after that.
* [Stavros Niarchos Foundation Cultural Center] (2016)
River name checks out
The 80s were definitely happy times for Greece, but not golden times imo
I live in southern suburbs of Athens
For some reason, Greek students love the word "nowadays", some of them will throw it in every composition they write
Haven't done this before, but I'm willing to help you out with this.
France is going to be the big one
They have fried chicken, we have gyros.
I love how the OP _kinda_ tried to list the countries in alphabetical order in the title, and then just said "fuck it"...
(Also it's kinda weird to use geographical terms to describe cultural regions, without specifing that you are using them like that and based on so and so criteria
The internet, friend groups and the occasional bio teacher who also doesnt trust vaccines
That's not an ordinary line
I speak 4 languages to a very high level (greek, english, italian, spanish)
Probably because prior to English, French was the dominant foreign language most Greeks would learn, usually those of higher status and wealth
Also due to more advanced scientific knowledge available, there will be less prejudices and false/ unscientific  beliefs better technology
Holiday description according to Wikipedia:
and so on
I love drinking milk
The more the EU is distancing itself from Turkey, the more ruthless he will become.
I used Harvard style
(note: although it was named court of the six 8 people were on the court but only six got executed) the six were people who thought to be responsible for the Asian minor disaster
Ban Fascism  100
I wasn't even aware that there was an anti-Norwegian barnevernet movement in Europe .
> The strait where Scylla dwelled has been associated with the Strait of Messina between Calabria, a region of Southern Italy, and Sicily, for example, as in Book Three of Virgil's Aeneid The coastal town of Scilla in Calabria takes its name from the mythological figure of Scylla and it is said to be the home of the nymph
Because it's 2020 and yet people in r/Europe have a boner for jobless inbreds that enjoy their privilege and power because happened to pop out the right vagina
To be fair 28 is quite hot indeed
We've made a lot of discoveries and inventions but I I would choose the Olympic Games
The biggest source of instability is the migrant crisis by far.
They freaking lock their garbage bins outside their homes.
Hahaha, is it that bad in Romania
It is more of an inside joke than an actual used phrase though
It's in Greek, but if you're interested you could Google translate the pages to see how they view it
Ioannina city
But him alone isn't enough, I have plenty more
At noon in the hottest days you should avoid exposure for more than 30 minutes without sunscreen.
She was mentioning it very often lately.
[Macedonia's decision to close their borders completely (which was justified because Serbia closed theirs, and Serbians closed them cause Croatia and Hungary closed them etc) was the reason they stopped.
My contribution (literal translations):
And it's only in the modern era, when Crete finally became a part of the modern Greek state, that it's earliest known name had been restored to what it is now: Heraklion
Now I have to find another one xD
I think I would travel to Athens during the Hellenistic era (after Alexander the Great and before the Romans) and I would spend one week touring all the different philosophical schools
For example we have democracy , freedom of speech etc so I feel more alligned with other European countries (when it comes to that\_ rather than with some Middle Eastern countries ( even thought there some democratic countries there, I think that based on what I have read Isreal is the most democratic country there)  But Yeah I also identify with East Med , but even more with Southern Europe, because I have observed that we also have similarities with some Souther European countries  in terms of culture climate, family,attitude etc
Still, it is surprising to me that cold coffees are not a part of the Mediterranean coffee culture in general
Greek Ministry Says German Authorities Had Access to Afghan Suspect’s Fingerprints and EURODAC Database Info
Die Hard - > "Πολύ σκληρός για να πεθάνει", "Too tough to die"
I called you a prick because that was true.
Although we liberated Greece, the Nazi  collaborators won the war, thanks to the British
53%
Cypriots can understand Greek, and Greeks most of the time understand Cypriots unless they are using a heavy Cypriot Greek dialect with a lot of words that are not as common in the Greek mainland
I'm pretty sure other big cities have a fair share of that though
Πάω για ξεφόρτωμα (I'll go unload)
>Their Leaders are gonna die in jail
Aside from no free health care, no gun control and having to pay university tuition, I have heard truly disturbing rumors about what the stuff  they market as "Greek food" is like in the US, and I am not willing to put up with that
Το Ηράκλειο είναι στα αγγλικά Heraklion για΄τί το ήτα στα ελληνικά έπαιρνε κάποτε δασεία. Το αγγλικό h στις αγγλικές λέξεις ελληνικής προέλευσης υποδηλώνει αυτή την δασεία. Πχ: history, hero, hyper
Heavily spiced with paprika
At last, something I see for the first time and actually triggered my curiosity to search for it and learn more
It's almost never brought up, but when it does, it's not considered rude
Most of them are pretty easy since they originate from greek
Germany also backed Greece in NATO aegean missions when Cavusoglu demanded they stop last month.
And just to mention here that the  £9
But isn't it mainly about money ie the prosperity of the masses?
Ahem
To be honest I think the only way to truly change is to have a heavily controlling totalitarian state
Although in Greek "one thousand" is only 2 syllables
In Greece we have the Klephts and the Armatoles who fought against the Ottomans
And so many more
I won't downvote you, I just think you're wrong.
Don't we all have a passenger like that
Does not work like that
so Poland has some good ol big cities I see
Her income is okay for a pensioner in Greece and she owns the house she lives in, you'd think she would be good to go
No, Iceland has 3 buildings, not 2
The residents don't want the mine to close even though they know it's slowly killing them
ahead of our time again, sinking to the bottom of the sea before its cool
Has EU parliament ever even discussed about the housing crisis that new generations are dealing with
1) One of the greatest Greek generals of the Greek war of independence Karaiskakis had some very memorable ones i) During a battle with the Ottomans, there was some resting time during the battle, so he went on a hill and he was showing his dick to the Ottomans, then someone shot him on the leg, but it wasn't anything
not really it was first detected back in october
The loading and unloading of luggage is handled by the airport personnel, so if your flight happened recently, you most likely have to blame fraport
Judgement crow stare
Europe needs to build a vast network of high speed railways, just like China is doing
Well, like I've said it wasn't my subject of choise and It has also been a long while since then, but I'm pretty sure we had this one in ancient Greek, or at least a big part of it
No you aint wrong,its written " eucharisto "  but pronounced as  " efcharisto "
Roughly translated to
-And what do they want
How is our generation supposed to afford housing seriously
Hey we did too
Its a treason then
No posh accent, really
Why do I get the feeling this post is brigaded hard...
is that a mythos ? in poland
The G20 meeting is ceremonial since all big decisions are taken beforehand
Μα είναι τελείως ανεγκέφαλα ζωάδια, γαμώ το κέρατό μου.
Or we say "tell me"
I can’t disagree with that
If I could choose the three to learn itd be Spanish Arabic Mandarin
We usually say "παρακαλώ" which translates to either please or you're welcome
Still a very nice place to visit if you know where to go and when
He would hide in the woods and stalk the mortals, making his presence barely felt at the beginning just to cause unease and then all of a sudden he would jump out of hiding with a terrifying shriek and chase them off
The most well-known is the one at Thessaloniki and the one at the island of Milos
When Friuli was liberated, they went to Austria but were captured by the British and sent to the USSR, where they were killed by Stalin
My story is not that interesting, literally all I said was that once in London I was speaking in Greek and a stranger next to me said hello in Greek
I don't think most people care about the word "Macedonia" in and of itself, but rather want some sort of distinction between the 2 Macedonias.
It needs to be said however that the vast majority of Turks make reconciliation like what you are describing damn hard
Here is a quote that from Greek literature that I like,  but I don't know if it's common in media
There's so many landscapes that hardly look like your stereotypical Greek landscape
Stay strong and stick to your ideals, French friends
I want to order a souvlaki now
It's not like we don't have politicians acting like that here in Europe too
Quadratisch, Praktisch, Gut
(got tired and didn't put a link in the last ones)
Isn't that a suicide from the government?
Turkeu has a small part in Europe.
Kibbeling on the other hand, with some knoflooksaus, is something delicious and worth trying
Let's not turn this sub into an irrational anti-Trump storm like /r/politics is.
As I said I didn't do any research and just said what I remember thanks for clearing that up also I didn't know the photo was photoshopped thanks for that too(also the link doesn't work for me)
In greek the word "παϊδάκια" translates to "ribs" while the word "παιδάκια" translates to "children". So you imagine how hilarious it seems when a restaurant's menu says that it serves "children".
My go to is "I was waiting hours for the bus"" or "the traffic was horrible" which is true for the city I live in
Having lived for a while in England, Germany, Spain and Ireland and visited 4 more European countries, I would like for Greece :
We just need to find each other in the middle
The king abdicated and fled, and we joined Entente
Many people still use Βιρμανία, ie Burma for Myanmar
Also
- πηγαίνω στα κυπαρίσσια (to go [under] the firs)
What language do the inhabitants use to communicate with each other
I personally think Jeremy Corbyn and Alexis Tsipras are enough to show us how disastrous their policies or rhetoric can be.
I guess that fit the stereotypical image, especially of some rural areas
It's αδερφή (sister) and αδερφός (brother) even today, not just in old Greek ;)
Seriously I love Bulgaria but every time I'm outside Sofia and Plovdiv , the people seem to really be struggling there
Jk Mitsotakis English is on an academic level, it's always pleasant to hear him, not to mention that he speeks also German and French if I'm not mistaken
We have local traditional musical instruments, for example in northern Greece it’s the klarino, in Crete it’s the Cretan lyra, or the flaouto, etc
[World's largest merchant fleet]
e.g.
Aye Greece too, we really are very much alike at the end of the day
I used to think that because of Kaliningrad there were two dinstict countries named Russia 'cause I did not understand the concept of exclaves
[Just scroll down the pictures in the article if you can't understand the language, it will give you an idea why]
I come here ..and boom
And in northern Greece, higher than that
There are Catholic Greeks as well though.
I also think that continental Europe (esp southern Europe and eastern Europe) have a much more overtly xenophobic population.
The form of government of Greece is that
It's ridiculous to compare them to fascists
When I came to Italy, I already knew most of them
They are being recorded from my department's auditoriums with professional cameras and all
Exarcheia is a vibrant neighborhood, multicultural, hosts many cultural exhibitions, cafes, bookstores, etc.
Grammar and spelling is really where people struggle
Literally all these words are Greek
You mean us
So while French was the language of the aristocrats, "French"(with the quotes) refers to the complete opposite, ie cursing like a dock worker, a truck driver or whatever other professions have cursing at the ready
Greece: You are supposed to fight about who is going to pay the entire bill for a dinner out between friends.
The two sides of the strait were within an arrow's range of each other so close that sailors attempting to avoid Charybdis would pass dangerously close to Scylla and vice versa
I guess maybe [κοκορέτσι (kokorétsi)] which is the internal organs of a sheep or goat put on a spit with oil and spices, wrapped in the intestine, and grilled over a fire until everything gets crispy
It's kinda nice not having to pull out the old "flash card laminated in a 20 year old elementary school faculty room laminator" ID card you know
Don't judge Greek cuisine by what you may have experienced in the Netherlands, the restaurants abroad are really a different thing (outdated and touristy) than what you will experience in Athens for example
Its very hard for Greek products to compete to German ones
How was life in USA
Police officers get a % for writing tickets so many now it will finally change
Snipers on the roof and American spies/agents silently observing behind their black glasses, a MOBA only a whisper in their walkie away.
But practivally it had stopped since 1972
That is true and that is my point also.
Not just for the Knights of Malta but for the people themselves, hardcore Catholics who speak a Semitic langauge with elements of Arabic, Italian, French and English
When I lived in London I met many people who were SHOCKED it snows in Greece
Ok, I think that full fat milk or sweet milk is generally better
SAY NO DOUBLE STANDARDS
Weren't Cyrill and Method Byzantines
I have mine since 2009 lol
My town has its own cave, and during the 90s and up until the 2007 crisis, it was an active tourist attraction
In case you're missing it, nobody on the planet recognizies it
Does BE sound more cocky than AE to a non-native
Also many films about the Old Testament and other ancient events and empires
I wouldn't call that "no forests".
No problem
Φασολάδα σαν της γιαγιάς μου δεν έχω ξαναφαει.
I don't have a problem with him keeping it as long as he declares that macedonia is in fact in greece, and not the name of some slav country that speaks bulgarian
Born and raised in a very busy municipality and having been across Athens and it's suburbs, I can say that the city itself, especially the center is tragic for the prestige it's associated with
They serve alcohol
It even has it's own greek version: Oκ/Οκέι
The nostalgia hit me hard on this, my grandma used to have all the issues so everytime I was there I would read the fuck out of them
I don't see Turkey similar to us but anyway, I agree that Iranian influence is more correct
cold and boomer jokes are popular
Has EU parliament ever even discussed about the housing crisis that new generations are dealing with
And those buildings from McDonalds
The mountain is no longer visible
I never said that they are not free to use it, it's not like I care, it just caught my eye
Now regarding capitalism
But that's not the active/passive distinction I try to make anyway
What I meant is that I remembered it was an [accident]
I mean
But the pressure usually comes from family members and colleagues . I.e. a couple of days ago a colleague of mine told me i m borderline in the middle of being late as when she was 31 she had both her sons
Their live performances are also really good
Dude I mean the Bulgarians in general
He grew up with money and he thought to himself, “I don’t need education, it’s only a money-making tool
yeah, since it makes you strong
And this means
Και μέσα σε 15 δευτερόλεπτα η αστυνομία αρχίζει να ρίχνει νερό στους συγκεντρωμένους!
Yeah man, and you find them even cheaper, paradoxically in airports for example haha
What is, in your opinion, your country's best traditional food that everyone should try?
OP, once you get from Greece to Italy you just drive through every country
It's just a bizarre language altogether
Finally, someone who actually drew the background instead of just putting a photo in it
It is only there to make people think that something is being done and that it is enough
People type things like "cuando tenia 6 anos" and I wonder how the teacher never laughs
The best thing EU ever did for its citizens
what he wants sounds more like unification with Turkey
German: Dankeschon
Next stop: *Agios Petros*
Tusind tak
I'm curious about your username
i'm sure you all know what those are and why
9 εννέα (ennea)
If you mean today, I would not know how to rank or check for "importance".
"Forever your stars will shine on a Unified Europe
In many countries there are undemocratic measures taken, in Slovenia the police may get too much power, in Cyprus they want to monitor sick people with prisoners bracelets
With your words you pretty much reaffirm Turkey's stance and discourse on the matter, so the discussion from my part ends here
And now you have to drive an extra 30min in traffic a day to find a parking spot
Nobody really knows that, so far none of the debt has ever been written off .
We basically call it "The Poor Man's Caviar".
I would argue there is time for proper meals, save for people in corporate jobs and maybe large supermarkets
I would say the Turkish word "Tefter" =book for writing notes etc
Who makes that claim
But it also depends on the job and on position
When a Russian satellite is more progressive than your country
excuse me what are we supposed to remove?
Pretty common, I'd go so far as to say a respectable percentage of Greek males will go through a long hair phase at some point
not excusing anything am just pointing out that the constant "but they let those in when they wherent rdy" posts by turks to show they are been treated differently than the rest are dishonest or misinformed.
Of the federalization, not everyone's.
america has that voting system to prevent something like you descibe to happen...
I can't remember the other saying we have, but we have one saying: "In Zimbabwe" meaning a faraway land
Then the time came, to pay back
Hahaha good one
What about USA
If you want a boogieman to feel threatened by,go ahead and believe neonazis are about to get you
The vote was about a certain bail-out program.
You tell me it's trending or why people have lost their shit over this
It's just a piece of paper covered in plastic
Serbs, Bosniaks and Croats are at the same level of religiosity.
considering they fulfilled none of the requirements to join, how exactly is it the unions fault?
Who nεεδs yoυr βαρβαrιc lαngυαgεs αnywαy.
I never felt in no way threatened by our Italian brothers
Cats on the other hand are deliberately used as pest control
There we go (I think)
Why must you hurt me this way
\- The "Heroes of 1821", AKA of the Greek War of Independence (Theodoros Kolokotronis, Georgios Karaiskakis, Manto Mavrogenous, Laskarina Bouboulina, Athanasios Diakos, Nikitaras, Alexandros Ypsilantis, the list goes on and on
Damn
Sure, communism in its proper definition is nothing close to the socialist totalitarian regimes we saw in reality, but those regimes were the only ones to gain power in the name of "moving towards communism" And we can see now that they sucked and the few ones that didn't suck were crushed by the terrible ones (see the end of catalonia in the Spanish Civil War and what happened in Czechoslovakia in the 60s)
We don't give a shit about you, we just want to be sure that neo-Ottomanist ideologies stay out of Europe
Sadly, tis is a matter of corrupt governments and forced outside measures , not the complacency of the average Greek, that stalls us, though when a uncorrupt government came to tried its hand, everybody of the old corrupt regime tried to sabotage it
Ataturk and some other Young Turks like Talaat Pasha
I can understand EU giving money
You just became a Thessalonian
spies talk to their boss all the time
Buried WW2 bomb prompts evacuation in Thessaloniki on Sunday
"Turkish nationalist boxing gang"?
No eastern no nothing
Here in Northern Greece it snows maybe 3 or 4 times a year (like 2cm of snow that melts in a day)
Same with Greece except with debt
I draw the line at price
Fun fact 30 is the opposite of a heat wave in Greek september
The guy was no hero,he was quite a fascist himself
I think most ppl need more background experience to be able to potentially at times make a guess other than the general ones
yes that's because the region is called macedonia you know..
That's a joke we Southerners like to do for Germans and other western countries
Λευκορωσία (lefkorossia, White Russia, Belarus)
Yea with Papandreou, Simitis, Papandreou (the son) and Karamanlis but all of Pasok (the party that basically died) which ruled for \~ 30/40 years went to Syriza
(this is total, not per month)
Let's find out
THere is nothing wrong with that, both Greece and Turkey often play West and East to gain good deals, so I am not against that.
I guess if you see it that way it becomes more romanticized.
So your reply: Unnecessary
I am not saying that Ataturk was not an important figure that did good to the Turkish people.
Protestants are an American thing.
Yeah I thought Greek was rare, then had embarrassing conversation in public (in Greek obv) and found out about the 400,000
Greece can't rely on any kind of support from Europe when dealing with Turkey.
Yes that will do :)))
Probably I'm too nervous, since I rarely speak English, yet the media I consume are mainly in English language
Yes, absolutely
Sure they got support from England for instance but Kemal got support from Lenin too.
None of the historical monuments is closed for winter afaik.
most just fast one week before easter and that’s it
Probably the Mati fires from 2018
Bulgaria has many underrated beautiful scenic sites.
Thanks
Don't get cocky
i havn't gone outside of Greece yet but my sister moved to Germany  a year ago and when my mom went to visit her (has never traveled, is very religious, and doesn't speak english, doesn't really like Germany) she said that it was very clean but everything seemed boring and lifeless, she also said the people seemed like robots and emotionless
I would much rather have the graph show deaths or hell even estimations of the total cases
Just keep your rear covered and you'll be fine
Maybe but it's too early to say.
What is that dash in front of some temperatures for
I used to be proud for my country but since the Economic Crisis not so much
Isn't the actual answer extremely obvious
Making a success out of Brexit is a strong word, considering that the only issue that existed from day 1 was the island of Ireland
Members of the fascist party Golden Dawn murdered someone a few years ago and during 2020 they finally found the people who did it and also found that they were instructed by the leader of the Fascist party
Now, about regions but not cities, the souther tip of Peloponnese (Mani) and big part of Crete are a disgrace, they like preserving macho stereotypes as "traditions", they like guns, they think that driving drunk is "manly" and generally they are some decades behing in mentality
We can have more globalization and protect local economies at the same time
Εμπάθεια (em-pà-thee-a) in greek means seething hate
If I recall well, the "Mongol" characterization of Finns is more propaganda than truth, perhaps based on the history of the Magyars, which might have been brought in the area of Europe either by fleeing or joining the Mongols (Possibly the Huns, centuries before), without actually being Mongols.
"The demon" might be the most appropriate nickname for this year
Year 6: Ottoman occupation (1500 > 1821 (greek independence revolution))
The only saving grace in all of this is that at least there are railway alternatives to buses, which means Time of Arrival is more consistent
Although he has a tendency to act aggressively to other characters he encounters (in particular Italy and Japan), he can sometimes show a kinder side to his personality
gReEk iS tHe mOtHeR oF lAnGuAGeS
Ditto on hating summer
I hope someday you'll come visit us :)
Pro European, left wing progressives that seek the economic reform of European Union
But probably this is because of our climate, so maybe you are right
Only legalised divorce a few years ago
The English taste like grumpiness
In Greece the 1st of May got transferred to tomorrow (Tuesday, 4th of May) because the orthodox Easter was yesterday and today is the 2nd day, so they changed it to a day that is not "holy" (does that make sense
For a time, the rocky outcropping went without a proper lighthouse, and the fantastical image created by the former structure was all but lost.
Seriously if you plan to visit Athens make sure to bring a hazmat suit, a gas mask, some military boots, and a portable nuclear bunker just to be sure
Here I think that this happens only if you have a good job or a good position, for example I know someone who is engineer in a big company and he has like 200k euros in his bank account
How angry are the french about the economy?
It depends what do you mean by poverty
I also prefer milk or chocolate milk over coffee !!
that is just pure yellow jurnalism at its worst...
I added the  test Pap or Pap test,  which is a recent invention
A simple google search for "Afroksylanthi" turned up a couple facebook profiles of people named Afroxylanthi, a Wiktionary article about the name and a slang
Welcome to Budapest
The history of Italy really fascinates me, and they way it blends in with the history of Greece
French: Merci
I'm a Greek with Slavic roots and it's also my name, lol
Also Russian government is authoritarian and oppressive
What do you mean they cant come back
That's it
>Germany (ドイツ Doitsu) is viewed as a hard-working, efficient, bureaucratic, and serious man
What a cesspool
especialy if you're in a small town and you do something stupid everyone will know before sunset
You don't need facts to believe something you want to.
I learned pretty quick because I wanted to understand videogames, tv shows and browse the internet
the details, damn :)
Happy new olive year southeuropean bros!:)
Why do you hate to say it
It would be better if  it gave the same emphasis on every religion
That's what happens when you exchange populations.It was the Pontics/Anatolians that brought Turkish food here,not the Turkish conquerors.
Also that helmet is Greek despite being called Illyrian
pro : we have free universities and free healthcare, good weather, there are helpful and nice people here, nightlife
Seriously
Don't let them step foot on European land, transfer them from dinghies to large boats, which would take trips to Libyan refugee camps to drop them off.
Also paying for rent, utilities etc, mean you can't save enough money to buy a house anytime, so taking a housing loan is pretty much the only way to get a house aside from inheritance
Not my parents, but I have communicated with my father in English when we were close to an old relative and we wanted to say something personal, but this person doesn’t hear very well, so maybe they didn’t understand that we were speaking in another language
I agree that greece was in a bad place but now it is sinking even deeper in debt
Andalusia region is a gem
Yes
"Niaou". Don't @ me
Where did i say anything about trust ?
That's all I can think of right now
A few come to mind, not cities though
I think that base on gdp generally the cities in the attica region like Athens have seen the biggest development
A lot of them are young, repressed people who follow right-wing ideologies
We wear coats in the winter but even without one you’ll be a little chilly and that’s OK
You could also add people from Thessaloniki calling all "pita" as "bugatsa".
Heartbreaking
I realized after a few years in the UK that quality of life is subjective and happiness cannot be defined, and life in the UK, the culture was very distant to what I like
Yes but this is not a hit, this was a political assassination.
It can be about the position of a country during the cold war, and culturally The phrase "the West" is often spoken in reference to the Western world, which includes the European Union (also the EFTA countries), the Americas, Israel, Australia, New Zealand and (in part) South Africa .
Are people allowed to get in/out of the city
They use their oils to slide faster and smoother than everyone else.
Albanians were always being discriminated in Kosovo.
Even after our government became democratic, even after 40+ years of stability Turkey still has its army on the island illegaly
Yes and if the US introduces visas for all EU citizens that's perfectly fine
Of course people shouldnt be punished just to make a point, but laws are supposed to act as deterrents as well.
But there are differences here
As far as auto accidents go, the worst, involved a [bus full of teenagers] returning to their homes from a 3 days school trip and a lorry that was illegally carrying [novopan] Many factors where involved, all of them due to human errors and greed
Wettex for those thin sponges that are used for spilled liquids
Nobody knows the origin of Vlachs, but please, do enlighten us some more.
Perfect for bicycle touring
I'm lucky cause were i live there are about 5-6 different ones next to my house and they are all really good
I know about that stupid Erasmian thing.
I write **α**. **a** Is a bit harder to write for me, I tried it a few times but it looked completely wrong
Kóstas -> Kostákis
Georgios -> Giorgos
Hans Zimmer is amazing
I thought that knowing English meant that I would be able to communicate with locals (except for the elders) in every country I would visit
I guess Bulgarian women dye their hair too much or something
You didn't answer me though
Got ya mate
more like public servant, than an Army :P
No not really, we only lock if we'll be gone for a N extended period of time, more than a day
German:
[This beautiful
I wouldn't want to go however, because I come in contact, or live with people who are at a higher risk to suffer from the symptoms of covid
I found this on Wikipedia:
This is only some food from only one supermarket
Like you said, if you ask in English directly, they might not understand
I really wonder how still the majority of Serbians think of Russia as an "Orthodox brother-ally".That's like medieval mentality.
Same in Greek
He was Dutch, he wasn't acclimated to the Greek alphabet or the language's intricacies
My first hand experience: My family is orthodox but not particularly observant or faithful
Foreign fast food chains aren't popular at all here
In other words, we lack people and infrastructure to lessen corruption, leaving us solely with the intentions of a well meaning but unexperienced government, as every more experienced one willingly perpetrates corruption culture, trying to solve unsolvable problems by overworking itself while the poor get poorer and the middle class dissappears
Does he plant it and wait for a money tree to grow
Kids should be raised non-religious in my opinion until they reach a certain age and decide either to accept or reject a religion
Comment and let comment, brothers and sisters.
This wasn't exactly a war
Here is more random facts for you, i guess i was wrong about the exact numbers mea culpa
If not for the fact that they managed to make some profit to divert out of nothing but well meanings and hard work(as I said grossly unexperienced yet our best alternative, even though few seem to appreciate this) we wouldn't have the economic growth we have now, but instead the memorandum would have pushed us further into poverty and debt
Enjoy our debts
Serbia, Italy, Spain
I don't understand why Turks will drive 5 hours to go to the beach and party in Alexandroupoli
This always has had the effect of polarizing the people
Fortune tellers
Varoufakis back in push for ECB transparency
It actually originally was a reference to slaves, and later on it became "chimney sweeper" and other things, the idea that he is a chimney sweeper exists in the Netherlands too
Lmao and there it is, your true face is showing
I am sceptical about those non-combat battalions.
Interesting
I'm from Crete but I Grew up in Attica and my family used to be in a Vendetta when someone was operating my Great Grandfathers excavator and he rolled over and died and his family blamed my great grandpa and I don't know how that ended
Because Pennsylvania liquor laws!
Afghanistan (I have never been there) is probably a far exaggeration of mine but Erzerum was pretty close to Iran
So beautiful
If nobody thought that ionians where Turkish you wouldn't have stated the obvious
They increased the national debt 10 times, from 15 billion Drachma to 114 billion Drachma
earwig (ψαλίδα) = clippers
Anyway I disagree with that (and every kind of) generalization and I think that it's unfair to label and generalize nations/races/ethnicities etc
/r/europe: Haha, Americans are so upset, USA bad
Plus many are surprised to find out that we do have winter with minus temperatures and snow
Did you call for a Greek Armchair Warrior?
Honest question, please someone explain it to me.
And we still don't have a word for Dutch
[PAS Florina] (ΠΑΣ Φλώρινα) in Greek 3rd Football division
I have exactly the same question
However they usually talk shit about them behind their backs
I guess by those who have it as an official language
Mate Athens is pretty much the worst possible example of a Greek city
What Greeks would consider to be "Athens" is closer to 3 million people and dominates the political, social, cultural and economic life of the country
Do I care
lol when I enter in my house with my shoes the floor is still clean and it doesn't become dirty easily except if my shoes are dirty(if for expample I go to a dirty place or if its rainy etc) .
Cons: You think spelling is hard until you meet Greek, then it's gets worse, much much more worse
You are the one that did
No I think praying is pretty much expected as normal behaviour if you are religious, but if God answers back then there might be a problem :)
What worth is life if you do not know how to live it?
Seems accurate
I know but I'm from Athens so it's souvlaki for me :P
Ok, I stand corrected
Sorry not sorry
(Greek-Italian here)
[And this] is my take on the different football cultures in Europe
so I guess this picture is only 99% Greek :p (good enough for this ol' cramped arm though)
I think, at least in my town, that it’s safe to drink tap water
We did
Our people are constantly fighting with each other
Pickpockets are a thing in the centre, but assault is not really an issue in most areas
How many of us love drinking milk
Happy St
ANA-MPA: Measures agreed as part of bailout don’t have to conform to EU acquis, Juncker tells MEPs
Happy cake day
3 or 4 maybe
In the second world war he was very active in the resistance during the Axis occupation, then after the civil war he was appointed Prime Minister to organize the country so Greece could go to normal elections
Like, I know you're technically just sitting or standing, but it feels like sensory overload every time
Also I think BSL is cooler than ASL
I'm Greek (duh, hence the flair) and my husband is American
So I'll say this; *be observant*. Don't double-check yourself every time and get stressed out, that's not what I mean, but observe peoples' behavior and just try to make your way around the place along those lines
US Vice-President Mike Pence heads to Europe on reassurance tour
It is definitely NOT anti-Turkey.
It's a British thing, not getting too involved basically haha
wasnt cornwall that voted for exit and yet they wanted eu to keep sending them money?
You need to choose a piece of meat that produces "tsikna" when grilled.
Pros: Just look out the window and at the view and you forget everything else, great food, chilled and warm people
I really like it, i don't think i could find a better alternative
but some of the reactions in this video are menacing and sinister.
She was a photography student and went to study in Oulu, Finland I believe
I totally read that as Minas Tirith lol
I know that Trump is butthurt and appealing so I'm wondering how long this can last and how is it normally resolved
I'll take that over Santorini any time
Dont get me wrong, Turkish Cypriots are Cypriots too
TIL that due to EU regulations, EU eggs are about 50 times less likely to contain pathogens such as salmonella than American eggs
I'm a Greek who doesn't like tzatziki
Foreigners you were supposed to treat them and offer them your hospitality.
Russia (as always), sometimes Germany, but mostly Greece itself (the common North - South "rivalry")
The reason is time and budget, you want a high concetrated and distilled experience.
You are right the post is wrong
Για τι = for what
Everytime I forget Churchill saved me, I look at the famous photo of the UK flag over the reichstag
I remember a law that was supposed to ban somoking inside bars, cafés ect (it was passed in 2010, I think)
Can you make one without the UK?
Keep in mind that 2500 have passed since then (if we're talking about Attic Greek)
But Greece traded that power when joining the eu with stability and support
As long as no ships come through of course ;p
In Greece these are Rookie numbers
Of course you'll be downvoted, you're welcome
That utopian image of Sweden has gotten into the minds of pretty much everyone here in Greece
Mr speaker I will have to thank the right honourable man who thought of posting this Asterix material and bringing back a lot of childhood memories
I too see Turks as similar to us Greeks.
(lol plastic skin is thin innit)
slow the much oil, is very easy to speak with greek way
Exactly, you are right, good point
I am not sure how/when/where it started
There is an english wikipedia article on him so you can see some more infos
Greece with 48
Honestly I don't know
What if the EU breaks down (altogether with the economy).
In his lectures he actually believes globalization is not reversible.
I identify more with the country
I know nothing about the prelude
Linguistics have nothing to do with the fact that they are in a general southerly from Germany.
Last time it snowed here was 2 years ago when it snowed for like 3-4 hours and before that it was like 8-9 years ago when the whole Piraeus was covered in snow.
So I am at work, I read a tour programme for North Italy and it writes a visit to the Island of Borrommee
I'd actually agree with you on that
There are also a lot of people from the revolution of 1821
Since the Hellenistic times, η-υ-ι-οι-ει sound exactly the same but we still use them
If you are a foreigner and you call fyrom 'Macedonia' you will probably get an earful of 90s propaganda from any Greek within earshot.
Best proof that they were not polling Greeks.
It's considered illegal though and being caught with >1g on you means you'll most likely get arrested, but even cops are not that harsh on users, they mainly care about getting info on people that sell weed
For example, surely no native greek speaker considers the world "train" to be unpronouncable, but we'll pronounce it almost like "drain" 100% of the time, because the starting 't' just doesn't quite map on greek 'tau', and thinking of single consonants as a spectrum of sounds just feels weird
Also, a bit jokingly, I believe anyone who can, will take the rest of the week off cause bars and restaurants open today after a 6 month lockdown
Here it depends, if someone ask you a pen to write something or temporarily the they supposed to gie it back
Then you haven't taste Greek or any other Mediterranean cuisine
Greta in shambles
I once told him about that, apparently he was doing it without thinking it was even obvious and was quite surprised everyone thought that was rude
Haven't heard it ever
A European passport
Actually is kinda mandatory here to insult the politicians.
There are even differences between Noerthrners
Ο Κορονοιός είναι για το πούτσο
States back then didn't really use flags the way we do today
I believe it will be in french.
I think it depends on condition, sometimes it's self-imposed, sometimes it's expected , but am not sure if it's actual pressure or just  expectations ( mostly from older generations or based on area or based on social circle) sometimes neither
God I physically cringed
It seems fake to be honest
Also their lager is very good, especially for its low price
Low 20°C s if it is windy, light jacket, but if it is not windy anything above 20°C is good enough to wear just a t-shirt
My city, Heraklion of Crete, had been under siege by the Ottomans for 21 years, back when the city was called Candia and was under Venetian rule
Well we have always called you ''Τσεχία''(Czechia) in Greek.
can we please make a server with this map
PC/MacOS: [This] (came with the OS)
Among the reasons he's so widely known is the fact that he refused to allow the passage of the Italian army through Greece in 1940, an occasion that is celebrated as a national holiday -28th of October, the "Ochi/No Day")
Let's not kid ourselves, we are a big market but with major debt problems, demographic issues, and stagnant productivity.
Ριπιτ αφτερ μι:
But the average person who does an average job here  doesn't have a sufficient disposable income
Today was the day he would finally get a chance to debate Christian sheep and slay their god in heaven
Yeh, but this isn't about money either.
Challenge Accepted, u/marccolo
He was the first shitposter
It's in Greek, but if you're interested you could Google translate the pages to see how they view it
Well I would say Italy and maybe Spain
1700 - no data
It says Europe, but it includes Maghreb,Turkey and the Levant.
you know reading if so find the turks former pm book and read it and then you might understand the stupidity
Idk I could be wrong though
• ρε (re) = this is a bit of a filler word, it basically means "you" and it's used in the Vocative case (when you're talking directly to someone) in informal situations, for example "Πού είσαι ρε μαλάκα?" which means "Where are you, you jerk
I love how he has no shame in making statements after he caused the annihilation of the Greek negotiations.
They park on every pavement, block streets, make noise at 3am with loud music, etc
a few years back
However the military Junta of 67 used and since then it associated with ultra nationalists and authoritarians
Same here, friend
Ευχαριστούμε = [We] thank you
The British sold the town to the Ottomans when they took over all the islands in our timeline
Who are they going to blame now that the UK is independent from the clutches of the "evil" EU?
In Greek its called "σκονάκι" which literally means "dust" from σκόνη and - άκι which is a diminutive
PiS gave them money for children (always people with lower education have more children), for animals (farmers) and also supports their conservative very Catholic mentality
com .
I thought you were talking about invasions and stuff my bad
Like, he is doxxing people
Proper intellectual discussions about these topics are lacking indeed
They revolted against the Byzantines, invaded Byzantine territory numerous times and also sided with the Ottomans in the siege of Constantinople
That same view can be seen from many other islands that won't charge you an arm and a leg
this happens for sure
I'll take that over Santorini any time
Same here, except the last two ( I think)
Tsipras is a dubious character himself.
What I'm saying is that Milan has always been considered an Italian city, whereas Bolzano has only been considered Italian since 1918 and still feels distinctly un-Italian
Not even up for debate
He is a very well educated person, his French is great too
In almost all countries, there are days during the christmas holidays that things close down.
During the Civil War many communists were exiled to Ikaria and communism kinda stuck with the locals.
diapers - Pampers
Our main threat is Turkey and the EU has done little to support us (btw I don't agree 100% with this position, but that's the mentality)
I'm not sure if they are more relaxed about weed though
He's not a Serbian hero and he came from a mixed marriage, what are you trying to prove?
Once Brexit happens, I expect a banking union to be in place within 2-3 years, same with military union.
The religious icon is an old-person thing, again
It's usually sold either condensed in an airtight tin or not condensed (i guess) which is sold in an airtight carton
Most of the time they are one and the same!
Look at our sleek language, with only 4 grammatical cases!
Attic Greek (400BC) I'll recognise grammar and structure along with words but it'll be fairly hard to make out a meaning
In order to crack down on corruption, money must be diverted on restructuring the services that do this job, be it getting taxes, finding tax evaders, or finding other illegal economy hurting practices, such as overworking the workers
Talking institutions Erdogan strengthened Turkey too.
None of it is real
Rifles are totally banned for civilians, except for some single shot sporting rifles.
He still thinks it is wrong to redefine marriage but he is not against it.
I feel a slight apprehension digesting news concerning the continent coming from Britain lately.
but we can't tax them for dividends
We say the same in Greece as well
omg please i need a source for that
Much much better, much cheaper and you know the source
Not to mention that hot sauces are (besides very spicy), very flavorfull, so they cover everything else
The dialect of Epirus is considered funny
For something really far far away, we say "by the Devil's mother".
I would like if there was a EU law for that cause a lot of people of other EU countries go to my country as tourists and to others countries, so I think that it would be safest for all
So what you're saying is we should elect more populists?
Really weird
Many english words specially scientific ones have their root on a greek word, and knowing greek they can be understood better
I think he just tried to guess what old languages are still spoken without much thought about the script
Some old folks here still arguing that they want to partake in communion because Jesus will save them or whatever
r/Cabinporn
Μια λέξη είναι και στα ελληνικά όμως και στα αγγλικά λέγεται chandelier, όπως είπε και άλλος.
It isn't a great deal
Basketball, polo, volleyball
Tips are considered a form of solidarity to a shitty financial situation
In the south, like Crete, it basically just doesn't snow, ever
I was happy for the acquaintance
They look retracted to a "rest" position.
You have the famous chefs that put peas in carbonara like gordon ramsay
it's mostly what the old people drink honestly, most guys under 30 won't even offer it or recommend it
But  before the deal,  people from Macedonia called themselves Macedonia and they had statues of Alexander the great and the claimed Alexander the Great as their ancestor
We try to stay together so we can be strong and progress among the other nations
Edit: u/stefanos916 reminded me that
Yet we see this
If Turkey can maintain this deal and be seen as a reliable partner, anything can happen.
Can you provide a link in English?
Then you have special occasions, ancient Greek roots etc
In all seriousness, the nation is beautiful when it’s not grey as hell
That's a good point
Besides that, by Greek standards if you don't bathe daily you will seem like a weirdo, there are people who even wash themselves twice a day
I can totally see Erdogan showing memes to his supporters as evidence that Europe is preparing to take Constantinople back.
for example:
They even did it in Greek.How can we NOT help them??
Economically
That's dope
Ukraine: Yellow, red and just a tiny bit of blue
I feel the same way about Golden Dawn supporters
You know statistics sometimes tell you what you want to hear.
If the EU was a thing in 1967, I would welcome its involvement in Greek matters to prevent military leaders from coercing the King into swearing a military government
Nothing will beat Italian scooters in post-apocalypse Europe, they can run forever on a full tank of gas.
I'm more exasperated with young people that don't want to change their ID card due to fingerprint or that the government will make a file of them etc, than old people who don't understand .
Well that makes sense given the, unfortunately, rocky relations between our two countries
If one country in Western Europe like France or Germany had to deal with 1/10th of the Turkish bullshit that Greece has to deal with I'm positive Erdogan would've been taken down Sadaam-style a decade ago.
The EU has to be as subjective as it can be and that means that in order to accept a Catalan independence everything needs to be done according go the book and the Spanish Constitution, which is going to be hard
Our war of independence, probably, but I think many people feel more connected to ww2 because it's more recent
Europeans need to stop with this shit
It has nothing to do with marriage
It's just a couple of lanes
That was the whole deal, no one weighed the benefits when it came to the whole "NHS bus" thing
north macedonia wasn’t even close
They will be guarded by people who admire them
I see what you did there
Yea many people across Europe wear them and I have seen some of them
North Macedonia: "How do I punch
Predictable
they probably called them franks or sth
Parthenhenge is full of tourists this period
So first of all they don't want to crack down on these hubs, because it will create turmoil within the party.
We have the island of Lesbos
If it messes your day, turn your pc off and do something else.
Athens would be ideal from a landscape perspective
CKII: I often play as Byzantine Emperor restoring the empire, or some local lord in Greece restoring Hellenism
I visited Rome two years ago
When they refuse the Germans execute them all
I really don't get how can that be
I'm sorry if I bored you, I just needed to vent my frustrations about the matter
The Marshall funds rebuilt our country
Well, I am hydrated
The economic growth is a myth (growth had started back in 1963, so it had no relation with the Junta's economic policy)
I think most people here use google maps
Usually I put ketchup or mayo and ketchup
Thessaloniki is the biggest "rival" of Athens and 2nd biggest city of the country
But it only happens in January-February and lasts for about a week.
What happened to European solidarity
Thank you
May I ask where do you live
They hate Kurds and Arabs and blame them for Turkey's bad situation.
The treaty referred to the ottoman empire but by the time the islands should have been handed back it wasn't even the same country and the balance of power as well as the claims had changed.
The shrug is mandatory
We eat a lot of potatoes so I wouldn't say so on our part at least
We are drivers with bad manners
You did similar stuff in Bosnia, massacring the muslims in order to create a puppet state.
I mean wtf
Some Greek modern architecture of Athens (the city I lived in for the biggest part of my life) includes:
The communist guerilla fighters were the resistance during the occupation
London, Rome, Lisbon, Istanbul, Budapest would be my go to
Pendentive dome
Soon, rumors circulated that for the potatoes to be  so well guarded they had to be of great importance
Black metal used to be pretty big during the 90s and early 00s.
We wear coats in the winter but even without one you’ll be a little chilly and that’s OK
Taking religions seriously just takes us back to the dark ages
Serbian FM says recognition of ‘Republic of Macedonia’ was ‘foolish’
He married 8 gay guys
Cue stoner cackle (it was that kind of night)
Alexis Tsipras
I never heard/overheard Greeks talk about Serbia or Kosovo
I think you linked the wrong metric:
Milk is refrigerated
Να 'υχεσαι να 'ναι μακρύς ο δρόμος" probably,
Mousaka was brought in Greece by Anatolian refugees.
The city of Istanbul is literally inside Europe's borders, so fuck off.
In Greece many people think they’re above the law
- λέω το ποίημα (to say the poem)
>The maps below use 1km x 1km data and the height of the bars represents the number of people living in any one square
Don't forget that the PC will make any room that it inhabits instantly like an oven
Greek, because it has undergone several sound changes
* Crete: Same as Mani, replace Sparta with the Minoans
Basically anywhere except Athens Santorini and Mykonos
Καλή ιδέα και αυτό!
We stand with you brothers
Should java added Peloponnesus for fingers
As for 76 it's εβδομήντα έξι (evdominda eksi = seventy six)
Calling it offensive is reaaaally overstretching it.
I would say it's the same in Greece
You understand that there are many stereotypes in such films
Good thing I never saw it then
You can't really teach that ina year.
The first two steps to a multi-speed Europe will be military and banking Union's I believe, I see both happening before 2020.
Ouzo
i nazi sti filaki
In addition, 50% of West Germany's debt was written off by its lenders in 1953 (this included the Marshall Plan debts).
usually its the province of atlantis but the joke went too far ...
Erdogan was voted in perfectly democratically the first time
There should be a logical barrier where a second opportunity is given.
I find it funny and it's used as a joke a lot
I 'm quite surprised by the low ranking for greece and tend to believe that their index is mostly correlated to GDP .
I can see that, but that doesn't mean the party is communist lol
Nowadays, they are way better than regular schools.
The dick has a mind of its own
With a bit of luck we will see a European federation within the century
Ozil will score 3 own goals next game and become President of Turkey following the game.
Way more than often
''Welcome to hell motherfuckers''
Or maybe it was because I truly loved the city I visited just a day before (Budapest) and in comparison Vienna lost
1 éna
- Στο μουνί χωριό (in the pussy village)
How's the population reacting to this
It's summer, we are on vacation
Instead of simulating internal Windows logic like a virtual machine or emulator, Wine translates Windows API calls into POSIX calls on-the-fly, eliminating the performance and memory penalties of other methods and allowing you to cleanly integrate Windows applications into your desktop.
A British defeat there would affect a lot of variables.
I'll stick to the metal scene of both countries
It's not famous in Greece though
Turkey violates greek air space and waters 50 times a day and no one bats an eyelash, Russia buzzes whoevers and everyone loses their mind.
08-0
How is such a community organized, what kind of jobs do they do, what about schools or hospitals
So I'd say we at the very least like them a lot more than we like anyone else.
I think nobody would actually use it that way, oder
Oooo nie thats bad
It's posted in on a website called all about Turkey dude
On the verge of collapse, according to some people
You forgot some like central heating, the concept of citizenship, plumping, Lighthouses, Algebra obviously Feta cheese among many others
TIL that in some countries they named their children Glezos to honour him
The greek economy is too weak and fatigued, and most importantly, people are too.
There's a nationwide debate on whether ground beef belongs in Gemista (peppers and tomatoes filled with rice [and ground beef])
The police did they job profiling and screening the right people, that's why he got caught.
For example there are stereotypes and expressions for villagers such as άντε ρε βλαχε villagers have stereotypes about city people . There are also differences in work life, life style ,infrastructures etc
I liked [This one] fromthe 1700
People had to come up with words and names for things, and what better way then using myths and story references to do so
And that's why I fucking love it so much, can't wait to be able to understand a single spoken sentence
We, as Turkey, call on Europe to respect human rights and democracy,"
Hahaha, fair point
What do the Northern/Western Europeans think of the Greeks?
I feel you
PS thank you for my 1st ever award
I'm curious about your username
We already pay, and lybia is barely a country at the moment .
By souvlaki Athenians mean gyros in greek pita bread with different toppings
I live in New York
I would move to another EU nation though
Well in North Greece and most islands people call [this] a Souvlaki and [this] a sandwich
3% have never heard of IRELAND
We do this too
I suggest we go without a goverment for the next 4 years, the only thing we havent tried..
Two years in Lyzeum back in the 90's, and I mean strictly ancient Greek, not the translated or semi-translated stuff we had in Gymnasium
I am half Hungarian half Greek
Sleeping well, not so much
It was the governance of Papagos and Karamanlis that set the standard of actual good governance
No one outside of Greece has ever heard of Evvia, even though it's our second-largest island with nearly 200,000 people
The Cypriots speak Greek and we still cannot understand what they are saying
) made
Only shops that have a normal greek name or whatever
When it shows "[deleted]", the user deleted their comment.
There's loads of  jokes and memes about its supposed "low" quality products (Lidl brands, like Silvercrest etc
When I say "big" I mean the military power and the geographic space available to build more stuff that will make you richer
\- pros: its COVID free, no curfew in place
No thanks
As a Greek this is totally easy for me to say
[Source]
I have visited quite a few ancient temples though
I understood you were stating dictators existed who opposed external threats
What Kosovars need to do to achieve their independence in a way that serves you?
Although some Greek guy in the comments said we use the "thousand-one, thousand-two,..." variant
From the Byzantines I'd say Constantine the Great, the pair Justinian-Theodora, Basil II and Constantine XI are the most famous
In the US it extends beyond politics
Slow the eggs (something is not as great/awesome as it is known to be)
I forgot the exact wording and it doesn't appear in Google maps, so it might be a very minor settlement, or simply a placename without anything of import.
It has to be Alexis Tsipras' "Madam Merkellll" I don't have a link right now but please check it out
For the past five year it has become fashionable, to name your child an ancient Greek name,like Orestes or Electra
Chetniks sided with Nazis, don't they teach you that in school?
What exactly did we produce to reach such a standard of living
You can find them in some places in the US if you are from there
The whole world's economic policies are based on the assumption that the world will end in 5 years' time :)
In Greece, or at least in the town I live in, it is completely normal talking about pregnancy and labor, but mostly among women
maybe a serbian knows the answer....
Btw In what State did you live
I want to live in this place
Like, none at all
Happy revolution day for you too then
We don't recognize it either brate
When the imam starts to call to prayer everybody stops what ever is doing, total silence
Brutal
Good evening
I usually don't, it's not like it opens from the outside anyways
Frowned because of golden dawn.
I built a similar network playing a map in RT3
Get your terminology right, everyone...
oh mean other people's doesn't look like a sfiri ?
Jeep is used to refer to anything that looks like it can do offroad and is on 4 wheels
This map is really cute:)
But, thinking ahead, in 2-3 generations after the unification of Europe, the national identities will be brushed aside, not eliminated, and the European identity will be prevalent
The two sides of the strait were within an arrow's range of each other so close that sailors attempting to avoid Charybdis would pass dangerously close to Scylla and vice versa
Greece: This is way too much *picks up torch*
Personally, I don't think they're bad
Year 11: From Justinian reforms (565) until the Treaty of Vienna (1815)
Keep ground beef out of gemista
The invasion of Crete started in 1645 and the siege of Candia (Heraklion) in 1648 and lasted until 1669 when it ended with Ottoman victory
In the grades equivalent to 7th, 8th and 9th Grade (1st second and third of Gymnasion), in Ancient Greek literature we are taught the works of Homer (Odyssey, Iliad) and the tragic poet Euripides (Helen)
We do a little trolling
It turned out a school near ours was also having a school trip to Venice at the same time
Trabzon = Τραπεζούντα = Trapezounta
Where i live in water refills are free.
Because I can go to the center relatively fast by car or with public transport ( 25 mins) and I can enjoy beautiful neoclassical buildings and nice ancient monuments and all the benefits of a big city
This time of year the temperature is around 18-20 degrees and the sea is a bit cold (it is tolerable though thanks to the sunshine) and crystal clear because very few people swim that late into the autumn.
Oyster sauce
when I'm in a cheeky mood I answer with words/phrases like "yo
Personally I have American friends and they are white, so I think Americans as White , but also as Black and occasionally as Asians ( just for the fact that there are less Asian Americans)
She sure should
Turkey is a ticking bomb within NATO.
Year 7 (middle school starts): Ancient History but deeper
Comparing the generations that actually went to school with those that didn’t, I conclude that children SHOULD go to their freaking schools and they can protest on a Saturday or a Sunday
Same way Athens went from small town to 1/3+ of the Greek population in less than two centuries when it was designated as the capital of the new Greek Kingdom
So Byzantine music suddenly became non-European because it influenced non-European cultures?
Damn, that white male privilege is really working out great
Mea culpa, it was when Samaras went to the USA.
But I hope we would score a "high" ranking.
>“We said, that based on the agreement, both issues ought to be promoted to the European Council, which is what happened, nothing more, nothing less
We call it "duckling" in Greek (παπάκι = diminutive of duck)
* [OTE Tower] (1966)
81 is ogdóda-éna
It soothes my whole being, it sounds so warm and sweet, and the peculiar features of it (blødt D og stød) only make it even better
For example, if sb watches a movie which feels "just right" for that specific time/setting/mood, he may say that "the movie is oti prepei", even if he thinks that the movie is generally kinda bad or stupid
Even our Easter is canceled
It is the second longest siege in the world, after that of Ceuta
We also say στην άλλη άκρη του κόσμου which means at the other edge/side of the world
As important as the colour of the walls in the downstairs loo
I'm not solely blaming them but they're a big reason that this part of Europe is like this today.
Hey I noticed your username is Greek
I didn't do it on purpose, I wanted to look gorgeous and kept missing the damn busses (I lived 2 hours away from him)
αήρ (aír) or in Modern Greek, αέρας (aéras), the air
Isn't comparing budget contributions to lost economic growth a bit like comparing Apples to oranges
The Saracens called the city Rabd al-Handaq, which means Castle of the Moat
It's telling that Greece is way more stable today even after all the crisis thing, than Turkey is
I love those countries
As you just said, Norway and Switzerland disprove this
I went to a mountain summer camp, bonfires and all but I knew of very well developed summer camps next to beaches
Blame greek cypriots all you want, they see no need to press for a solution, they have the upper hand.
I don't think many Italians take notice of it
Countries the used to be part of the Soviet union tend towards higher rates based on that map
In Greek there's no "sh" sound, we say Βουδαπέστη (Voudapésti) with an "s" sound and the "d" pronounced as a "th" like in the word "the"
Do you want me to go way back to the ottoman empire, the pontic Greek genocide, or are we covered with the daily news
Also she gets plus 2 seconds every time someone says "God bless the Queen".
UK and france are the two countries that uphold the liberal values of europe and unconditionally defend them.
This is the case where I live, and I've rarely seen cars parked on the bike lane
Same in Greece
Hi, so as you may know Turkey was a powerful Central Power in WW1, after all they managed to defeat a large British offensive, such as at the famous Battle of Gallipoli.
So I'm pretty certain one could do the same in Islam with minimal effort.
After a Google search I found out that we also have
Absolutely none
Then should we have symbols of the ancient religious traditions, since they are also history
Anything below or around 0 is to cold.
Sounds good, lad
It was also the start of the Trotsky-Stalin rift
Palace of the Grand Master of the Knights of Rhodes - The most under-rated place in Greece, and one of if not the best preserved medieval castle in Europe, built by Crusaders after losing Jerusalem
when you're from northern Greece
They will never know how earning your money with modern skills feels like, and be able to go above the back-breaking labour that uneducated illegal immigrants can do for half the price
YOU MOTHERFUCKER
Sometimes those 3 decades are also called as the Golden decades of Greek music scene by the Greeks
You realize that somebody would have to pay that debt though.
There are places in Finland that are hotter than my town
The AKP will probably find allies in the MHP but the CHP won't ally themselves with the HDP because of the PKK issues.
That one was unironically my top song on Spotify for 3 months straight earlier this year
The regional government is overreacting.
[This one] did a pretty good job describing everyday life in various places
*" Opposition is divided in that manner
14% downvoted, that's a lot of people who refuse to understand the basic values of the western world
I also tend to use the English term when I can't remember the Greek term, though I am trying to reduce that
Περικλής (Pericles) - Athenian politician of the 5th century BC, which is nicknamed 'the golden century of Pericles' in our history books
This seems weird at first but really it's no different than "comfortable" in which the "or" is skipped (or just the "o" depending on your accent)
The lyrics are exactly the same as in the English version
I'd take out the cross
Flew out on the morning of december 24, 2018
Cooking meat-pasta-rice-salads etc is super easy, healthy, and cheap compared with takeaway
You're basically saying we 're all Westerners, not europeans.
Third time is a charm .
I want to know anything more
Now I truly believe a revolution or at least a corruption purge is in order
Small incident that makes you like a people (in contrast with Germany
Cries in Greek
If it's just one word and it's a homophone then you can't tell
I myself wouldn't exist so
Jesus, cancer is spreading in /r/europe
I wouldn't say it is as popular as the ones mentioned above, but it is consumed occasionally by many Greeks
If you live near the borders or in a small country ,then it is relatively common
Spelling is a nightmare largely because of 3000+ years of linguistic baggage:
It also depends on the bar or club from my experience, the darker it is the more likely smoking will be allowed, if there is bright lighting then less smoking
Greek was a language in which both Bibles were written
&#x200B;
The whole issue is basically partisan politics, it is like with the Macedonian name dispute
Me neither, I learnt it from reddit lol
Have two cats
Cyprus is the spin off movie
I usually cheer for the underdog or Cyprus if they are in the tournament
I see a lot of optimistic europeans in this thread, maybe you should read [this]
I am never late
Mind the gap please
history
A Few points, Pearl Harbor was not a remote base, but the major Pacific one, and it was a very essential point for the war as a whole.
Of course many Greeks think that getting back Constantinople would be the most important thing but I don’t think that sacrificing our current borders or sovereignty would be really smart
What about Germany
Except for 'footing'.
As we say: μαλακές παντού (malakas everywhere)
In Greece we had the same situation.
Well it's actually written as "una faccia una razza" and no Greek would write it that way
When I saw Greece being #1 I was certain that it was about something negative
Since this would happen in favor of the younger populations and against the older ones, no soon-to-be retired political figure would dare to deal with it
-Anne-Marie
Yes but that still makes you the archshiters ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
You only perceive as a problem only what agrees with your narrative it seems
I'm on mobile, can't see the flags
Because I can go to the center relatively fast by car or with public transport ( 25 mins) and I can enjoy beautiful neoclassical buildings and nice ancient monuments and all the benefits of a big city
Omg there is also a greek version of this lovely song
Even our Easter is canceled
Yeah, imagine your grandma carrying grocery bags
song-like
It is no one's business what you do if it doesn't hurt anyone in any way, and no one should have a reason to shame you for it
An example
* The courses with a smaller audience (10-25 students) are done via Skype for Business/Zoom/Webex
Isn't that the surname of that serial killer also
Greece is EE and has almost the same food and weather
Mountains surrounding it making it a basin, and the sea is right there
Tbh all of byzantine history is better than Game of Thrones
Why do you think it is better if they are covert racists?
Welcome to the Bipolar Republic!
And here in Greece we wear jackets in that kind of weather
I'm expecting to be taken behind a barn and shot anytime now
But noooo,we dont want people to learn about that,but yell about the rapper one idiot killed
President Obama gives powerful speech about democracy in Athens, Greece
They always make it seem like the Americans and British+colonies won the war alone
I had no idea under-the-table deals were done like this.
They committed many atrocities, and unfortunately many were left untouched post war a
wrong universe
Chaval is used a lot more in Spanish.
No, it was an image posted a while ago, I did not save it, maybe someone has it.
It is an official term, so it is not derogatory but people from Athens will sometimes refer to non-athenians as "eparchiotes" in a derogatory tone, as in uncivilised or stupid
I am sorry for my friends in Poland (who are all very liberal, have tertiary education and live in big cities, aka they are the minortity) who have to live under this kind of government
Do they really think it's a wise move to test the wrath of the beast
The cretan and the Thessaloniki accent are generally seen as positive
You achieved a lot more: that is a Finnish line
I love studying history, especially the history of modern times including the two World Wars.
are you worried it might actually do anything?
Why do some turkish use the term "risk conflict" ...if Turkey starts conflict then the recipient must react to said conflict
How haven't I seen big sis Russia yet
Here she is also teaching English,  but I don't remember her nationality/ethnicity
Right now in history I'd say is one of the biggest bruh moments fot Greece
The cucumber in tzatziki is a refreshing touch
Okay then, sorry
i dont know
Now repeat after me :Like Halkidiki, it doesnt have
(I hope I wrote it correctly)
We have tons of cultural similarities with Turkey, both the good and the bad things: traditional music, cuisine, a mainly extroverted mentality, toxic masculinity, political corruption
All cant be rich and happy .....
The Soviet Union included more countries than just Russia.
They sell us out, their own people, how will they take our sensitivities into account then
Might be political, or might be cultural, or it is a coincidence
What an animal
The language it is used by those of Aromanian or "Macedo-Romanian" heritage
More particular, the daughter hates the mother hers
>We took the attention away from Greece for complete misuse of EU Funds
(The joke is ongoing though - as a woman from Lesbos I've heard it many many times
our attitude to both those countries in my experience is "they never hurt us so why not be friends" with Russia there is the orthodoxy thing as well
I should add that mykonos and santorini are just tourist traps shaped like islands
Paella rocks
Keep playing th harp my friend
"How do I get a loan
I never knew that
50€
Just hope they're not depending too much on solar panels
I agree with you, I feel this is the most relevant reason for greek antisemitism.
Pretty warm waters compared to the islands.
Rich History
This has to be the onion, right
"Just a Turkish minister in her maroon Kia, nothing to see here."
Food is provided, they sleep in little bungalows and they do fun activities all day
I can hear mussolini noises from Athens
Right, the glass does everything...
Not to say it's real because what do I know
This is a regime that believes, firstly, that it has the right to act abroad in the interests of its own security," says Prof Mark Galeotti of the Institute of International Relations in Prague, who has spent more than 20 years researching Russian intelligence.
True, true
I wish all cities had Dutch-like bicycle infrastructure
Greece is isn't very densely populated, so there are quite a few places like that, mainly around the more mountainous regions, where land can't really be used for farming
Even though, after a lot of years, we can finally pay with our CC, we can only buy them in train stations, or designated bus stations
Till then a lots of tricks were found to alleviate the problem but still there are applications that can cause harm like the recent news about spotify frying ssds.
Vitu satana perkele
This is the second part of the argument.
From what I know,there weren't any protests or any other forms of public unrest in order to abolish the death penalty
Nothing like that old hag Merkel
Yeap,  nothing personal
Do you have something similar for computers ?
\- Της γριάς το πήδημα (tis yrias to pithima) = The old lady's fuck ... or 'the old lady's jump'; pithima means both
I expect a billion air violations per day starting tomorrow, and some spicy comments from Erdogan about the Greek islands.
Edit: mistakes
If you bought all the land, yea you could, just as plenty of people own entire islands
* Thrace: Diverse, *tooooo* weird, multi-cultural, peculiar cuisine
I am not afr
>The bounds of your life are defined not only by your natural limitations (which for us humans are quite restrictive already), but by the limitations imposed upon us by everyone else
You obviously have your own very strong opinion which im sure is based on your highly reliable and acceptable sources.
hedgehog (σκαντζόχοιρος) = thorned pig
Hope you are joking
Yeah, Athens cityscape would definitely be more representative (half of Greece lives here basically) but I just wanted to draw summer stuff so I went for the island theme
Thanks to it and to EU Freedom of Movement I can go have a PhD in the Netherlands or Belgium with a salary 5 times what I would have in Greece or work in Denmark or Norway with a salary 3 times what I would have in Greece without visa requirements, without needing to prove that I have skills that locals do not (as you have to do in USA for many professions)
It's basically Greek Gotham
4) Greece is overspending massively on their navy (still).
Arvanites were speaking Albanian but weren't ethnic Albanians.
I categorically disagree
if I want one banana and three apples, I buy one banana and three apples
Just imagine not having these wonderful EU customer protection laws to guard your wellbeing
Many banners and flags were raised for the cause, the official flag was established later on.
for the duration of the past century everyone was moving to the capital or the "co-capital" aka Thessaloniki to the point where i live near the capital and i've never met anyone who's grandparents were born and raised in the capital, all my grandparents were born in Crete and moved to Athens except my dads mom that was born in in Smyrna
Before Fyssas was murdered, the neonazis that killed him had been normalized in the public sphere by the media and by people like you
Congrats (silent) Finland <3 Much love from Greece, where eveyone is loud
Well since i see that you are from Greece too you should have told them about our semi-independent part of our country Mt Athos or The holy mountain
All islands have names although the vast majority is part of a larger country
Very popular but sadly not as popular as football (football in Greece is shit and the scene is seriously corrupt).
its true, and almost a war broke out because of that
-Virna, are you trying to say that you have a lover
Greece DID meet the surplus target, the government implemented whatever austerity measures were asked from them.
The less the people, the better the place is for a vacation usually
Maybe some other can say what they saw first
They're disputing Cyprus' claim to the island.
Greece in mandarin is pronounced like "see-LA"
Before the ottomans there only was the roman/byzantine empire and for the brief period of time between these 2, it was once more a few scarcely populated strongholds + stronghold cities, which were cut off from constantinople but not yet conquered
Is that a reference of something I do not know
Philologists here will always complain about loanwords
1/3 of the population lives in Athens
Best wishes
The Estonian one had me in tears.
My main point is that the people who were transferred from Turkey to Greece during the population exchange identified as 'Romioi' and not as 'Greeks'.
Not only Armenians, but Assyrians and Pontics as well
* Carbon - Anthrakas
If you watch the video, they will say that European Countries are total losers!
How can I unread a comment
- go to skiladika (doghouses, big halls with live greek music)
So you are telling me that the Liberals are the same as the NDP in Canada ?
Now I truly believe a revolution or at least a corruption purge is in order
All other trips I have done have all been by plane
>Women detainees would have their children taken away  until they confessed to being “Bulgarians” and “whores”. The repentance  system led Makronissos to be seen as a “school” and “National  University” for those now convinced that “Our life belongs to Mother  Greece,’ in which converts were visited by the king and queen, ministers  and foreign officials
Thanks Erdogan
You are just supposed to call the police and then they beat the shit out of them with their "reasonable" force
Also 7 years after the murder , the trial is still ongoing
Loumidis & Bravo for Greek coffee, Jacobs for instant(hot as well as frapé) and drip coffee, Illy for anything espresso-based (includes freddo greco)
It would probably just be easier to turn-over Istanbul to the Greeks.
Everyone's nagging about the (non) solution given and not the problem.
I think κουκουλοφόρος (koulouloforos, literally meaning "he who wears a hood") is still used as well
Result: we borrowed shitloads of money
I thought it was a practice pursued by the industry for the sake of better visual appearance of eggs
It's kinda odd unless it's a National Holiday ( 28 October, 25 March ) , but even then, it's not that common
Second of all, to say that there is no blame to be put on outside factors (meaning the EU among others) is also just blatantly false
They've been blinking to each other so much lately that they both look like they're having a mild stroke contest.
Mfw Thessaloniki is considered poor
No, not at all, even in upscale restaurants
My Mom's Dad is my only Grandpa that I met and he remarried after the war
Yup completely agree
Nowadays there are very few games that can be in Greek mostly PS4 exclusives
Approx
Greek-->English Auto-translation:
Japan for instance has Western style government but it is not considered Western because of the people's traditions and customs.
A simple google search for "Afroksylanthi" turned up a couple facebook profiles of people named Afroxylanthi, a Wiktionary article about the name and a slang
It doesn't sound like she-la, either.
An hour has passed
-Hi my name is Kevin Im calling from blabla how are you this afternoon
Μπράβο, καλή επιτυχία!
So they left and after some time they found a city that was built on a shore, across a very beautiful place
It happens in pretty much every major city and it is perfectly understandable.
No one was united back then.The Germanic and Celtic tribes who were all over central and northern Europe were fighting each other.Are you seriously telling me that there was a sense of unity?
You mean us
Our countries fought each other on who will be in charge once the Turks are ousted
From personal experience Germans are stereotyped as rude, boring and that they have a superiority complex
Who knows how each language is gonna sound in the future
Schools organised Trick or Treat excursions in their neighborhoods, the local commune set up a small market about it, homes had decorations and in the bars and streets there where quite a bit of people dressed up.
My uncle was interested to adopt the second kid back in 1999, since he didn't have children and she was an orphan, but it didn't work out.
The word καινούργιο means new in English and etymologically it is derived from words καινό and έργο (kaino ergo) which literally translates to recent act
I didn't expect him on r/europe :D
This led to unpunished Greek Nazi collaboration, and many Greek Nazi sympathizers
My flair should show why
That's why people use more and more the Internet to do their own search of news and have a plurality of sources for news.
whatever i could gather from broken sword
Yeah the "but" is perhaps superfluous yet point stands, I usually have to type long sentences/alter the sentence
We are, but for obvious reasons that I’m not going to explain here in detail
That's true
Moldova: Yellow
It is in my country
I live in Athens, I've never been to the Parthenon, or the acropolis in general
I heard you like federations...
Beyond the bilateral relations of the two countries and the Cyprus talks, Turkey has an upcoming constitutional referendum too.
Planes are just fine, they mostly use Airbus A320
It's like comparing Trump to Hitler
Same
But some of them, aren't from the US South, they just like these words or the US Southern culture in general
Even as recently as the 1970s with the invasion of Cyprus, people fear Turkey
&#x200B;
-paul
Germany
Spoiler: They were mostly wrong
Meaning to sail a sailingboat while also "helping" to boost the speed using the motors at the same time
The Word literally means friend of honor, and is used to descripe that we deeply care about something
KKE (communist party): The oldest party in Greece
KEELPNO (our CDC) had to do an emergency information campaign because no, it was not safe to swim in an oil spill
If people move to rural areas, then rural areas will become cities
Other than that, we eat it sliced in toast and sandwiches.
>In short, it is kind of taboo but at the same time no one shuts up about it
* Unfortunately, a couple of professors don't even bother with any of it
Hi, I updated my answer with the explanation
Thanks.I will look into it.Appreciate it.
Άρα (ara) can be roughly translated to: consequently/therefore/so/accordingly, but doesn't have a real equivalent
There are over 1,000 monasteries in Greece that do the same thing for both men and women
Φαση αυτη η εκκλησια εχει μεσα γυμναστηριο και παιδικη χαρα, η αλλη εχει γηπεδα μπασκετ, η αλλη εχει ζωολογικο κηπο κ πανε εκδρομες, η αλλη εχει προγραμματα για εφηβους με ομαδες κλπ. Μεχρι μου ελεγε ο φιλος εκει πολλες εχουνε και fund για να δωσουν λεφτα αμα παθεις κατι κ χρειαζεσαι γιατρο (αφου αμερικα δεν εχει ασφαλιση)
I guess if other countries want a EU army like a military alliance would be good
Today will be remembered as the day that /u/xxTheHoffsNosexx truly united Europe with our common hatred towards him/her
We have like 15 places called new town
GLADIO v2
In the beginning Serbs were christianized in order to be allies.
All games and software were in English of course and because It didn’t had any ui, you had to type everything
You people don't know how to lose.
Let me just give it a rusty try through my ancient Greek:
*Referendum for important questions and new elections after they destroy the DPS(Milo's party) is inevitable
Like we do every year
I think that also depends on the level of education for the people who 40+ years old, usually the most educated of them know (some) English
Looks like you eat food just to survive.
Bte at least for Greek,  it's  not so hard as people are saying  , with right practise and dedication someone can speak very well,  there is a Belgian guy who speaks Greek like native
I am pretty sure had the Remain side won the referendum no one would be asking for a new one "based on facts".
All you do is care about these useless churches yet magically forget about the atrocities committed by Serbs against Albanians and not only Albanians
Just stop listening to the news about this place haha
That's my exact thoughts
EVERYWHERE
That's a good question
Greece is in the red and 30C is bread and butter for us, we have 30+C every day at summer
Beautiful
Apparently a teacher was decapitated by a student's father
To have shame about something you need to know about it
Hmm, there might be one there but I don't think I have ever noticed it
Anyway back to what you said
Even better, what if they formed a coalition, like the one 20 or so years ago?
On a followup to the above she said "Maybe I am just not ready to have to discuss with a Turk if it is moral that a Turkish family lives in the home that my Grandmother refused to leave and was presumably killed in", at which point I and everyone else knew not to push the issue further
But I'm basically talking about the modern arts and literature Greece has to offer
Now the stereotypes about us all smoking, saying malakas constantly, and being obsessed with Greek history and being Greek
Yes, they are
Hopefully maybe a few more 16 year olds can chime in as well rather than the flame war I was expecting
* Silver - Argiros
12 dódeka
Many say Davutoglu greatly influenced Erdogan
Europe once had the resources to provide such a structure (super-inflated pensions, social welfare, free healthcare etc) both through strategic advantages vs the rest of the world and because young folks contributed to social security funds
That's so dope
Half-elf, half-mexican, full badass warrior against Morgoth.
Offer asylum to gulen-supporters
They were all part of Yugoslavia
I find comparing Germans to Nazis a ridiculous and disgusting method, but you're not more European than someone from southern Europe, also considering that the word 'Europe' comes from a southern European language
Mostly cats
That holded them off until the junta gave them a free pass to fully invade and massacre civies
Emmanuel macron is way more popular than our prime minister right now
These are my observations
Glorious
Greeks might be Orthodox as Russians are but the culture is very different.
I think that I have heard that story before
Debt
what foodstuffs the lawmakers choose to import is completely irrelevant to it.
They preferred blank stares
You should come visit us again then, when you get the chance ;)
I just read that you also have taco Fridays
Sad
Γουι χαβ ολρεντι ιτεν δε καμελ, γουι ναου χαβ δε κιου.
Another reason we Greeks are trying to forget that part of our history
Για τι είσαι εδώ = What are you here for
* [Peace and Friendship Stadium] (1983)
The reasons for the family gathering can be birthdays, a new baby, name days, or any happy new thing that happened
It was last applied in 1972, and the death penalty was abolished in stages between 1975 and 2005 including wartime crimes, treason that weren't covered when the death setence was first abolished etc
a polish that is neo-nazi /commie ,when his grandfathers died fighting them,says that this thing is for the best of his country, need more proof for idiocity?
I galanoleuki ( the blue 'n' white one)
Oh wow I had no idea about Hungary, that's even more different in a way than ours
Probably because the beds are shaking
Belarus: Red and yellow
I'm mostly interested in greek politics, although I'm also following - _not that closely but still_ - US politics
Result: we borrowed shitloads of money
Yeah I get that and you definetely have a point
The absurd Constitution where the President and the Chancellor had the power to build a dictatorship whenever they wanted..
I remember having an Irish classmate in primary school and he knew more about Greece than I did
I speculate that beer is the most popular drink, but I might be mistaken
i havn't gone outside of Greece yet but my sister moved to Germany  a year ago and when my mom went to visit her (has never traveled, is very religious, and doesn't speak english, doesn't really like Germany) she said that it was very clean but everything seemed boring and lifeless, she also said the people seemed like robots and emotionless
η ι υ ει οι
None cause there aren't any near me but I really want to
Its the day for meat consumption basically
I think nobody would actually use it that way, oder
Yeah
It's going to be like that soon
And it's not either one culture with many sub-cultures.
Germans from Stuttgart were like completely different people from the ones I had met abroad (and happened to be from Berlin and Cologne)
Some  Fridays or Saturdays  that I pass through it,  it's full of people
I love the snow so much, but I've moved away from my hometown and it doesn't snow that much where I live now
If people want to see how the real far right is they should have a look at our Golden Dawn or Jobbik.
In general, Germans here are regarded as rule-abiding citizens, hard-working if a bit stiff and humourless
Center left once more but less progressive or left wing than Syriza
We also call France Gallia, and England Anglia.
θα γίνει της πουτάνας (?it'll be(come) the whore's?) - when shit's about to go down
We say "Έκανα **λαϊκ** στη φωτογραφία του" (I did a like on his picture) instead of the correct sentence in Greek, which would be "Μου άρεσε η φωτογραφία του".
We write only in English, you have to grow up in submarine country
Yeah I agree
Guess who’s got a tutor
Bonus to the Minoans cause their women walked around topless
Although southern Italy is pretty much the same as us except for the language
I can recommend you a good article but it's in Greek.
Well that was a pretty crucial part of my comment that you left out.
If Greece was not in the eurozone it would simply devaluate its currency and go on with lesser imports
As a conservative and a **humongous** admirer of your country, the USA, it is pretty hard for me to try and sell you leftist cities/countries as good places to relocate.
If they really care about the situation in turkey, how will this help the turks?
I live in southern suburbs and it is generally very safe here at all hours
It's basically impossible to do anything productive from May to September because of the heat
Says the person who literally got triggered και μας έπρηξε τα αρχίδια όλο το απόγευμα because people *dared* to mention the crimes neonazis committed
And now almost every journalist is kissing the governments ass calling out prime Minister messiah and shit, they gave money even to sites that are closed until construction etc but refused to give money to a very popular newspaper only because it's more left leaning and is constantly exposing government scandals
:o the one in a million
Britain is presented an enormous opportunity to return the marbles back to Greece
It's not insulting, it's an observation.
They might not be the first choice but they get a fare share of use, between major urban centers (Ahens-Thessaloniki) or for the Islands.
So I assume in the mydia saganaki you make them at home in order to add the hot sauce right
We're quite the international team, so opinions greatly varied
[ha ha]
Also, this is a huge taboo subject, so please don't turn this into a debate, but Greeks don't call north Macedonia as such
Remember that the vast majority of the money the eu is sending is going to bail out banks
Wait till she sees the military parade tomorrow
I would add Athens to history
But I dont think its considered weird
Contrary to what *ahem* certain countries have been led to believe
Same here, although in the summer I usually shower more than once depending on if I get out of the house/air-conditioning during the daytime
And Greeks killed just as much
Europe is happily giving up personal freedoms and normalizing surveillance and giving more power to the state over them for the sake of a sense of security
They are the two best and most useful drinks
A free, tolerant and democratic society needs laws and policies that protect their freedom, tolerance and democracy from various threats ,in order to remain free, tolerant and democratic and to keep progressing
This city, which was almost invented out of other cities most certainly has a place for everyone
Keep doing what you're doing, it's working for us :)
r/trees are happy with Sweden
Both filter and espresso are better, so you are not missing out.
i am calling the inquisition to purge this heresy
The cretan and the Thessaloniki accent are generally seen as positive
Jeg lærer det bare for sjov:) jeg tror at det er mærkeligt for nogen i udlandet, fordi de fleste mennesker, der jeg har mødt, der lærer dansk, er i Danmark eller planlægger at bo i Danmark
Many people here talked about cities as administrative subdivisons .By whether you talk about metro area or the municipality of Athens is not really misleading, except if somoene asked about the one thing and you answer about the other thing ( but that's not what happened)
The Darkfall MMO probably
” He opened Reddit, excited by the prospect of the karma he was going to get by posting the video he took on r/atheism
The one was beheading inside the church
The Balkans and Russia
I went on and on about nazis under a post about the very same nazis with the guy who went on and on under the same post saying that neonazis don't exist
Wow that's cheap
I'm not talking about the economy,  but about the EU policies that kind of force the state to act more responsibly and with more transparency
Noooo Noooo
Finnish culture is not that much different from French and French is not that much different from Spanish.
It would be very, very odd if someone pointed this out as being weird in my country
Many foreigners (especially Germans) confuse it with the guturral r.
I've never come across it
Considering that a large number of the XIXth century prime ministers were born outside our (then) borders, then no, none at all
Had to explain to a couple of American pensioners while they vacated in Delphi, that our troubles weren't *"created by communism post WWII, when we were parts of the Warsaw pact and occupied by Russians".*
I have voted one time on each election ( National, European, Regional, Municipal)  and I voted for the party that I was closest ideologically and has a chance to enter the parliament and I preferred for each case, even though I may had some disagreements
All languages are undergoing changes right as we *speak* (heh pun intended)
Actually Paul from Infowars keeps covering it via twitter.
We need a more fundamental solution than building walls.
Somebody posted a map here once of reactions to gay people kissing/holding hands in public.
Οk  But still there are some issues , for example Estonia is more "culturally northern" than central European
The focus is on the Parthenon Marbles
It is a day off cause it was Easter yesterday(Easter here is as big as Christmas)
>No denial of genocides and massacres: This includes attempts to deny or otherwise minimize crimes against humanity that are widely recognized such as genocides or massacres (e.g. the Holocaust, the Armenian genocide, etc)
I used to think the same, but there was a Greek identity in the Byzantine years.
Germany has a lot of pretty landscapes
&#x200B;
Rakí in a water bottle
Greece could get the island back too.
Santorini is overrated change my mind
Also, handwritten it just looks like this: αβγδεζηθι
I think it has to do with how vowels in english are really soft, while in greek they are power itself
Greece: the horrible and disgraceful Moria refugee camp is still there
>But noooo,we dont want people to learn about that,but yell about the rapper one idiot killed
[I] run for to stop [them], but fighting so intensely, that [I] end up with scratches everywhere
It will get old
I find them a bit silly for how "easy" it is in English and how big of a deal they make out of it at least from what little I know about these things
Galypso would sound better
The temperature in the rest of the house is at 18C a bit cold but not realy a problem
>Units for Reinstatement of Order, but I guess that goes into political territory
He had an Aryan theory for all his allies, but calling the Bulgarians "Mongols" and "Turks" doesn't sound Aryan
One thousand - one
This is common not just for businesses but for countries too by the way
Personally I was between liberal and green
Meaning every employee currently working would have 1 or 2 more full years of working experience at the same age and 1 or 2 more working years before pention.
if you think about it every city in Greece is an old Greek city
His beard is not long enough, that's why the spell fizzled
"Γεια σου ρε μαλακα, που'σαι ρε αρχιδι, μουνοσκυλο"
They are very important in modern Greek history because they formed the nucleus of the Greek Revolution in 1821, and the leaders of the various bands often became the generals of the war for independence
Persia (Iran)
It is also very common to give the child the name of a grandparent
I agree with you  it's very important to keep it that way, to build a free, democratic, social, united, and peaceful Europe
"Biontech Manufacturing GmbH, Germany"
greek:
He is using erasmian pronunciation, which is widely used abroad in the teaching of ancient Greek
44% of individual income goes to taxes
Then the stupid Romans came along, and introduced us to women
The screaming became louder with the echo from the canyon and the enemies panicked and fled
Also, in the UK you can never count on the weather because it can turn around so easily
In which country
As for its taste, It's obviously a case of 'one man's meat is another man's poison' ;)
I winced at the kid and signaled him to get out in the 1st stop immediately before inspector changes his mind
Saying that Turkey is European because of Kirklareli or Edirne is like saying Spain is African because of Melilla or Ceuta
Trust me, saying "Kosovo is Serbia" and celebrating a Republica Srpska day is the most anti-balkan thing you can do.
not a pop aficionado but I devour music, so
I teach modern greek to foreigners
It has beautiful neoclassical buildings and nice ancient monuments
Which is the view from my balcony
but for some reason the average teen know how to pirate games and use microsoft office
I find it really easy and enjoyable to mimic the Spanish accent
Norway has an extremely crazy railroad
We don't dislike Athens as far as I'm aware
I don't think I have seen a shop with an English pun, written in our alphabet
If you're acting like an asshole towards everyone else, they might want to distance themselves from you and see you as
To be honest, there are 2 pronounciations, the ancient and the modern, in the first case it's beta, mu and tau, in the latter it's vita, mi and taf.
Also, handwritten it just looks like this: αβγδεζηθι
Greek people have the "third world" mindset nowadays.
He is a lunatic, people like him doesn't deserve attention.
It hurts me deeply thinking what Thessaloniki could and should have been.
Yeah that’s why countries like the UAE and Saudi Arabia are so poor ahahaha *oh wait*
The only thing that I have heard is someone who was kinda shy (or ashamed)  of doing it
Like swim
I would argue there is time for proper meals, save for people in corporate jobs and maybe large supermarkets
At the moment of 5 countries reach that threshold.
Well I explained the reason he is considered a hero tbh.
Greece for instance preferred to pay the fine for having an import law that went against EU regulations and kept it because they made more money from what they had to pay
You don't have to drop the ν, it's not Cypriot only
There was a deadly virus pandemic killing people , at some point in september archaeologists found 30 mummies in mint condition in Aegypt and decided to open the sarcophagi, and as soon as they did that, the Titan Enceladus woke up under Aeta and decided to ruin Christmas
either the PASOK propaganda has worked wonders and people are unironically nostalgic for that era or that many people got so much money without deserving them, but then what pagkalos said and caused outrage is true
You can find more about it [here]
Especially when the entire establishment is biased one way.
Santorini used to be one island and it literally split into 3 by the explosion and a huge tsunami hit the Aegean
If you are talking about politics or economy you guys are closer to the Central Europe lobby
You forgot Greece
Definatelly backgammon
Also in "Australia" each a is pronounced differently
Η γραμματοσειρά ήταν πάντα στα κεφάλαια, σωστά;
It is very clear, except in turkey/north Korea 2.0.
i never browse the Greek internet so in the day i use english almost as much as Greek especially now that we're in quarantine again
I believe so ues
Ah ok I just thought it would be more specific if you use Sunday, but it makes sense that way
By then [we will be like this.]
Love ancient history nowadays and I'd love to go back
Is taking complete control of a member's government part of the eurozone rules that you Germans seem to be so fond of?
Yes, totally
Pericles
Tsipras that governs us atm
Unemployed
It's just a museum with the prison-like layout
Turkey: "How do I activate my genitals
They serve alcohol
The funniest one was from Xena the Princess warrior where Gabrielle (I think that's her name) was saying kalimera kalispera and then you hear kalinoches, as if they tried to merge kalimera and buenas noches lmao
(Now it dropped to 6th BTW, it was 3rd a few time ago)
Well, a Z with a line in Greek would be misread as a Ξ
Yes, I never disputed that the retention of the final ν wasn't a Cypriot characteristic, it's just that personally as a Greek person interacting with other Greeks my age (under or around 20) have never had such a reaction or even considered it strange
My husband would do an obvious eye roll and exhale which me and the people working there would find it rude
0 celcius: I see no God other than me
Μαλάκα (maláka) = Wanker/Asshole (/friend, when you don't try to insult your friends)
same
Ok, ok I get what you said, and it’s the same here, but in my opinion it’s better to put sunscreen and a hat, or have the car seats be untouchable because of the heat or the tents down, than rain
I spilt my drink reading this ahhaha
edit: Guys I am also against fascism, I am not sure why my comment was downvoted
That number might not be quite true.
Every time your president says something awkward, stupid or outrageous
The Turkish names on those derive directly from their old Greek names, I'm therefore not sure if they fall in the category OP asked
They were american controlled puppets, that is why USA had such a negative reputation in Greece until very recently.
Don't mind coming back home to one, I'm quite a night owl
Steve from Fox News
That's it
Just making a joke
At least my region ( Attica)  is blue
Right at the centre, under the big arch right
Some people should understand there's no point in all of this.Just live them be,they're a tiny little nation.
That german shocks though
Perfectly Cool: 10°C -- 19°C
I've seen [this video] with all the different greek dialects and it had two based in Italy
There were documents exposed recently stating how US was involved as well(cia & Kissinger)
be proud about doing that
For the same reason that other countries are blue
Πάω στον θρόνο (I'm going to the throne)
It's at the borders of the districts of Thessaly and Macedonia in North - central Greece
I'm glad because my country would be far worse without it
What are some tips for learning your country’s language
BTW There are also local fast food restaurants that sell burgers and stuff like that
It even has it's own greek version: Oκ/Οκέι
There would be some federal laws that will apply everywhere and will be above national laws but there would also be national laws
Excuse me for my wrongdoing, I meant that children can get in a college without the exams, by paying, while us in public/private schools have to give them
Seriously, it's for the best
Γουι χαβ ολρεντι ιτεν δε καμελ, γουι ναου χαβ δε κιου.
I fucking love Danish, it definitely does sound smooth and melodic to me as well
> I mean, they are automatic
badass
Pandering to nationalists doesn't work because people will always choose the real deal instead of the watered down version.
Every country wants to another one to comply to their demands.
big cars like those Jeep makes
Why do governments in Italy change so often?
It doesn't include and other countries like Greece, Cyprus, Romania, Croatia, Serbia, Malta etc
It will happen if it gets bad enough.
That's based on the fast food buildings I know and remember, there might be betters that I am unaware of
Lets rename it to "EURO 2018 +friends"
The money we spend on the military is absurd.
Not that wierd, we suck at this kind of stuff
[cries in greek]
So does Cyprus
I’m curious, how did these people feel about loosing the war
The most decisive battle took plake in Syracusae, Sicily, and the Spartans won.
This is what I advise to foreign tourists, visit Athens for 2 or 3 days to admire things like the Acropolis, Syntagma, Sounio, hell even Piraeus if you hate looking at nice things, but then just get the fuck out of here, it literally has absolutely nothing else to give you tourism wise, take a bus and go to Delphi, or Meteora, or most of the Peloponnese, or take a ferrie from Piraeus and go to an island, preferably Crete
That was an interesting fact for me
I don't know if that is self-imposed or actual externally imposed pressure
I see everything wrong in him with todays Greece
While Vlach means Romanian from the region of Wallachia in the rest of the world, in Greece it encompases all Eastern Romance speaking languages
And also some of their meat dishes I have tried remind me of European cuisine
We are gonna close all the other ones by 2023 (that powerplant is the reason I added the "almost" )
Good luck everyone
Don't you people have bear problems or something?
Greece should be its own lemon zone
They do not necessarily won't to get drunk to the point they can barely walk
Yes we have patsadika where you can eat things like fasolada(bean soup), patsas which is a soup that contains stomach and other unused parts of the animal, fakes(lentils) and other similar traditional dishes at a very low price, these are usually associated with the working class
Εφιάλτης (Efialtes) = Nightmare, and also the guy who betrayed the Spartans at the battle of Thermopyle
Hawt Dayum
This song is gross and disgusting,  but him being a shitty person, doesn't mean that he deserved to be killed
Tomorrow begins the development of Greek and Egyptian aeronautical forces will take part in a joint exercise between the two countries under the name "Medusa".
Panathinaikos Football and general emblem:
The first time we drove/used ferries from Greece to Ireland
I don't know how the got that but some turks actually believe this
138 εκατόν τριάντα οκτώ (ekaton trianta okto)
Not all people see it this way though and we have to respect it
(this is total, not per month)
Russia: Can't be imprisoned if you're dead
Nah, the vote to stay part of the hellenic republic was unanimous, i'm guessing because the are *extremely* [gunhappy]
Here most 25 year olds make about 600€ per month
To me , it has to do more with the fact that Pelloponisos and Sterea Ellada were liberated first among others
I only found Spaniards to dress very similar to Greeks and some East Europe countries like Czechia or Serbia
/r/hailcorporate
> Farmer
Yeah, you are right,  both of these things are actually true
Jesus christ is that a 43
by Kavafis, from the poem Ithaca
•waltz
These are two very different and rather rival parties
I think we had  English classes since first grade
That was an interesting fact for me
One comment ago i told you clearly that i am all for providing public healthcare for those in need.
With adsl if i sit on the dslam I will get ~20 down ~1 up at ~19 euro for just the internet
Say, what happened to good old zog
*insert the buzz meme here*
Most Greeks have no idea either unfortunately :(
WATCH: British Prime Minister Theresa May Speaking at GOP Retreat
For the most part it's just a school subject everyone hates lol
Neymar better go home and start practicing for the 2019 Rio carnival, i am sure they will appreciate his skills there
Doves is just wrong
IMO we need to realise that we're all in this boat together and if we all accept that and all start rowing we can reach our goals faster, more efficiently and with greater success.
Also, this is a huge taboo subject, so please don't turn this into a debate, but Greeks don't call north Macedonia as such
We could always do better, plus an investment on land has to create jobs mostly for the locals, which is a great thing for Greece
He's just threatening, he isn't capable of anything else.
It's not so much the contents but rather the accent
At the base, nothing really, however if it means increase in coal energy output then it's curing one problem by introducing one that's twice as bad.
Uhm you know it snows in Greece too right?
oh mean other people's doesn't look like a sfiri ?
Even the smaller one
>But luckily everyone is alloved to make fun of sweden :P
Afghanistan wouldn't be more diverse than the US though
The government actually still controls the Public Power Corporation by 51.1%.
You can always vote for another
During his last moments, he was laid in a military bed in his house
Bissonette, Dylan Roof, that psycho from Sweden..
I'd wish so but i cant :/
The priest was apparently Greek
Ι also like you γείτονα. Οur cultures are really close
As a person born and raised by the sea my heart weeps for you
I'm sure both of us have reasons to hate each other if we look back, but I don't think it's worth it anymore
I know we're not as tolerant to cold as our northern bros, but the people above saying jacket at 20 had me going crazy
Due to really bad weather and big waves, the lorry fell on the ships door and it opened
This is fake
Jeep ( τζίπ ) for SUV’s
Most often parents will know less languages than their children so no
So, us Greeks, honor this day by throwing a cross in the sea/lake/river and believers race to retrieve it
I like Greece
It is physically possible to enter
>I denied that every time
When you go from Primary to Junior High to High School and study again the same time period  the books are supposed to give more depth and detail in the events
go to mykonos/santorini
Once as a young and naive 19 year old I really believed in the party I chose and the political system in general
Are you afraid to go outside at night
However if they want they can speak with a heavy accent and throw in some Cypriot words and we have a lot of trouble understanding them
While Vlach means Romanian from the region of Wallachia in the rest of the world, in Greece it encompases all Eastern Romance speaking languages
αν θεωρησουμε οτι θα ειχε και τον ιδιο πληθυσμο με Αθηνα τοτε η Λαρισα. ειναι η καλυτερη περιοχη για να εχεις μια πολη 5 εκατομμυριων με σχετικη ανεση χωρου.
E.g.
Some of my personal best, based on my experience so far (there are tons of places around Greece I haven't visited yet):
I had to read most of the comment section trying to figure out if the "only 1€" reaction was sarcastic or genuine before I realized how expensive is water in some countries
They're delicious
That's Linear B. There's Linear A from Crete that's still uncracked and it's quite likely because it's not Greek as there's evidence that a language shift towards Greek might have happened during the bronze age
isn't that kinda the point of the government
I believe that is very easy to only see the good things if you are not a citizen of  Southern Europe
Edit: Just saw it
Fun fact: The Greek politicians are the product of their society, not the other way around.
• "Call Giorgos" would be "Τηλεφώνησε σ**τον Γιώργο**" (Accusative)
I doubt that he actually believed that this was a good idea for Greece
I have never in my life heard of "ϗ". What does it look like handwritten
Also there are some stereotypical faces for some countries , but many people from those countries don't fit in them .
all of that without including the balkans obviously
Γαμωτο is more a "damn it"
2000 - Athens
EU budget improves software security with extension of audit programme
Taking into consideration that Aleppo at the beginning of the war saw only pro/anti government demonstrations and no armed conflict and then in 2012 was invaded from rebels of rural areas, it is at least a restoration.
So the chancellor is going to be from the green party
and by a quick google it seems that the Athens-Thessaloniki train costs 20 €
Κύπρος (Kipros, Cyprus)
Who else thinks they wont leave by the 31st
Moldova: Yellow
Atreus would be spinning in his tholos.
I know but Kurdistan in particular is a really realistic idea, they are 30 million worldwide they need their own nation
Especially because I am a male of fighting age
It's the capital "η" and it is pronounced like "ee".
I wanted to go to a beach at Porto heli once, and the price for 2 fucking seats was 20 bucks
This would look very different if the balcans were included
You should inform the tens of private (and fully accredited) universities that operate in Greece.
Also there is this hate/dislike towards the communists but it makes no sense
Acting in porn =/= whoring yourself out
I suspect it is the same issue for any two alphabets
Athens is relatively safe in most areas, as far as stick ups are concerned
Would Ukraine even want it back is the true question.
Year 9: Arrian - Alexander's Ascendency (History of Alexander the Great) - translated
This government has already expressed support for Armenia, what are you talking about
The first and foremost issue that it seems that Irish politicians don't give a shit about is the absurd price of rents
They started construction on it in 2006
Yes I know what you mean,but it's not the first time I see people "exaggerating" in terms of gun ownership in Crete.
I was scared for Turks during the huge earthquake of 1999, I was scared for Turks during the attempted coup, and I'm scared for Turks now
Yes they are in the exact same position.
No guys
(\*) Of course joking about the Junta is most of the times fine, romanticising it is taboo
I am shocked and of course it's pretty devastating
I live dangerously
Churches don't pay taxes, children are indoctrinated in the religion and the church has a say in so many aspects of everyday life that I refuse to see it as a harmless symbol
Cheese on seafood is a general no-no
Continues to breath polluted air
All of this depends so much on humidity though
So are you here because you like various European countries and their culture, or you are an American that secretly spies EU in order to destroy it
I know someone who's surname was Hadji
From the top of my head, that is
This seems weird at first but really it's no different than "comfortable" in which the "or" is skipped (or just the "o" depending on your accent)
Μαλακία (malakía) = Bullshit
Nearly all of our feeds are Greek products cultivated though contract farming under the guidance and supervision of agronomists, and with respect for the environment
Greece: it's free Macedonia/Thrace estate
It was too late
Oh yea and my other grandparents were part of the population exchange with Turkey
Since a lot of people have mentioned driving to nearby countries (for those living in border regions), we also have to aknowledge cheap flights
Ottoman empire considered Greek war of independence as terrorism.
Second that
Always love for our orthodox brothers
Uk: WHY ARE YOU LIKE THIS
Eyoooo what's good, Greece kicked some asses lololol
I haven't been in Germany, but I was reading an article a while ago that the variety of bread in a German bakery would blow your mind
that doesnt change the fact that obama was not a successful or competent president.
They are so many people already parroting these ideas for free.....
We have already found the ideal way to display our statues 2000 years ago
Lol, if not literally only in Ioannina
I hope this makes some sense(?)
Nothing else
1925 dictatorship
Hahah shit
I can say that 2/3 of my friends didn't eat nearly as good as I did but I was privileged to have a pontic Greek grandma who was untouchable when it comes to food
greek: Τζον μέιντ χιζ ουέι του ε τάβερν θρου δε νταρκ φόρεστ, όνλυ του φάινντ άουτ δατ χι φοργκότ δε μάνυ
Italy: They have better stuff to deal right now tbh
Yeah definitely, one of my best friends through elementary and middle school was a girl
I can't stand him
How is Varoufakis still relevant ?
Rest of highlights are awesome but one of their most famous one got me disappointed
I apologise for us being being one of the reason this continent gets bad reputation sometimes, and I apologise for the low level of cooperation my compatriots show with other countries of the E.U. almost on a daily basis
Second, they are angry towards anything
Social credit scores
So you can hear stuff like "Say me, what happened yesterday"
It's just a wasted potential, it could be much better
85% of that spending goes towards MPs' wives new home furniture.
Santos Silva and Matteo Renzi against Dijsselbloem , Calls for Dijsselbloem to quit as Eurogroup chief over ‘stupid jokes’
They are fucking pests, if she loves them so much then she can take them in her house, I don't like going out of my house and smelling cat shit nor do I like toxoplasmosis
", by the way)
You won't find any
That's serious shit
Το πανεπιστήμιο Κρήτης ξεπερνάει όλα της υπόλοιπης Ελλάδας στον δείκτη THE, ο οποίος μετράει τις επιδόσεις με βάση τις δημοσιεύσεις που βγάζει το πανεπιστήμιο κάθε χρόνο. Και γενικά η αλήθεια να λέγεται, το επίπεδο της εκπαίδευσης που έχουμε, δεν υπάρχει ιδιαίτερα στο ΕΚΠΑ/ΑΠΘ, τουλάχιστον από ότι έχω ακούσει.
Giorgios Papanikolaou
Well tbh I had a bad day and I overreacted now but you called me a prick and told me that I was being aggressive for simply saying something.
We have a lot in common with many other European languages in terms of grammar and vocabulary
It's just not the same
We also use Merenda (Nutella knock off) for cocoa derivatives we spread on bread
" On the way out one lady asked about us, what we were doing, which school, city etc
my essays in english were really good too but in greek, they were like a 10 year old wrote them
praise, credit, award (_in education_)
A good recent photo is [this one] of a Greek soldier in the Greco-Italian war (ww2) smiling, really showing how the Greeks felt about the war
They were charged for their crimes nor for their ideology
I felt that way, and greek is literally my native language
I know you didn't mean that mate!
Yeah, well, yes, but it was 2,500 years ago
What should happen is a rationalization of Europe's welfare system
Meanwhile I'm sat here thinking, where could you get signs like that
That's the only kind of language Trump and his kind understand.
They have no problem doing business with clients from Mexico or Saudi Arabia/UAE that they know are directly linked with drug cartels and extremist groups.
Development είναι θετικό, μάλλον εννοούσες κάτι άλλο.
\- Eleftherios Venizelos (arguably the most important politician of Modern Greece, early 20th century)
Year 7: Herodotus Histories (Persian Wars) - translated to modern greek
The ongoing war among  North and  South Greece on how to call the bbq pork skewer
5€ in kiosks or convenience stores but they are dirt cheap in supermarkets, like 0
Their percentage is falling but in absolute numbers they are growing.
edited
You say "greasy potato ball", I say slurp
>positive news
The problem is that they are trying to alter history.
Where I come from they should be doing annual driving tests from 18 and up
It means something like earnestness, but not exactly that
Sure, if you count Turkey as European
The furnitures wouldn't last more than 2 weeks
Where was the European Union when the Vikings were raiding Britain
He is received very well
Were they asked to bear the responsibilities?
now this reminds me a line from an Australian movie called the Wag Boy "I am half Serbian half Bosnian every day I woke up my one half tries to kill the other"
British Empire reduced to the size of Massachusetts but they left an enormous linguistic footprint in the world
Germany‘s respect for rules
I expected this result, in Greece university is like the only way forward, we are a heavily based white collar country
I love this, this is probably my favorite style out of all of them
ohh mostly vitam
hookers, gypsies and mafia
Thanks
5 different major country invaded Anatolia and occupied/killed millions of people
We still say Peking here
Some of the memes in my language are good
The modernisation of the military is true and that's why the debt increased, because the regime was encouraged to buy shit from the USA to contain the "COMMUNIST THREAT".
I'm talking about peoples revolts to be liberated.
Stay strong and stick to your ideals, French friends
I have the stereotypical Greek accent mixed with a slight attempt at pronouncing some things right and it leads to an abomination of an accent
Well,  we are pretty good at that,  but as you may ( or maybe not
Y (which is twinned with Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch, in Wales)
I'm assuming this is the case for many languages, but since my second language is English, that's what I have to compare it with
On the contrary, I think*even more* brigading is needed, for a post on a non-default subreddit like ours, to hit the generic/non-user-custom frontpage, like this one did
But it also depends on other circumstances such as wind and humidity
Well, because each letter indeed corresponded to 1 sound (mostly)
It's an unwritten rule over here, it's not mandatory to bring drinks to a party but everyone will consider you to be a cheapskate  if you don't.
It was 10 years ago and he still claims it to be the most disgusting thing he has ever had
L'État, c'est moi
I just think it's a stupid system.
Is it
Greece is the [5th largest] exporter of olive oil, 2nd to 3rd largest exporter of olives (very close with Italy on the numbers)
I was expecting to be insulted once
1900 - Izmir (Smyrne)
Also politicians from the current government use the terms "left" and "communist" as if it is a danger for our society
Do we really need to import such stuff to europe?
We write with printed-like letters
>Are you saying the austerity measures are causing corruption
If you chose to have it delivered and not picked up at a pickup point, they come to your house and ring your bell, if nobody shows up then they leave with the package and try calling you again to arrange another delivery date some other time
He has a sphere of influence which makes him potentially dangerous and he is being paid for what he does.
Temporary driving permit wasn't a thing till mid 2020 in Greece
By law it's 18 but nobody really goes by that
Ehm no
Not eating or drinking until dawn on a Saturday night
Edit: [I'm a boomer when it comes to imgur I hope I've done this correctly]
And lastly the thick sh sound like in English, I had to consciously remember to pronounce the "heavy " sh until it became a habit
He doesn't, and he shouldnt interfere with other countries' business.
There's more to my country than ancient stuff and islands
Greece's creditors should take into account the efforts Athens has made to carry out reforms, European Commissioner Pierre Moscovici said on Monday.
I think that depends on the degree ,the experience and of the job that they might have and on the expenses that they have
From where (you) are
In the US it extends beyond politics
That'd be correct, Finnish has 15
In Greece it's a bit different
Why we are using the *slavic* word while its *not* used by the Slavs themselves to describe them is probably a mystery that will be forever unsolved.
Say boogieman a couple more times kai min ksehasis na tous valeis kai loulaki
Living costs compared to UK with salaries compared to Bulgaria
I'd swap out Russia for Bulgaria
I remember going to school near the end, and it was just me and 2-3 other students in the classroom.
they cand find the way back or you prohibit them by law to come back
In Athens sometimes you feel you have walked into Karachi or Mogadishu at night if you walk alone in some areas
I'm definitely using Uber when I get to visit your country
Also, greek words in English
If i had a submarine, which of the two paths should i use
Sadly, not really
From all the African cuisines, the Ethiopian one is definitely among the first three that I would like to try
But you're right
While the rest of Europe was experiencing the Renaissance the Balkans were experiencing the Stone Age 2.0 which had lasting effects to this day.
There is a word for it
From Czechoslovakia to Yugoslavia
Despite their craziness and trigger-happiness they are traditionally liberal like in most Greek islands.
Its very hard for Greek products to compete to German ones
>Claiming that the **vast** majority of Greek people don't blame
17-18 (It depends which month they have their birthday)
That was your goal, a satellite country that you can do whatever you want in case they break away from your goals.
Like Catholicism, Orthodoxy is a denomination of the christian faith.
500 episodes total)
In Munich, Pence will hold a series of meetings with leaders, including German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, and leaders from Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
We have the oldest records of a language still spoken today, from 1500BC clay tablets written in Linear B. Id say we stand out because we've have a continuous culture and language since the bronze age
Not saying this is untrue, but BBC's caption is *Two explosions near a football stadium in Istanbul, Turkey, have killed at least 13 people and injured many others, reports say.*
I want a papanasi like NOW
Do you think if Greece changes its name to Yunnanistan Turkey will be nice enough to give us our ancient borders back
I wrote it as an example
Every
It would offer Philippos (Alex's father) nothing, and conquering it would still cost him some soldiers
[Villagers of Ioannina City (VIC)- Καρακόλια]
Κοντός ψαλμός αλληλούια (kodos psalmos hallelujah)
Well I'm lucky enough to have AC Odyssey so Im satisfied
you see that's the trick: we get the best ones after we separate the weak from the resilient ones, the fools are drowned at sea, and the incapables are left back to "rebuild" their countries.
Why else would it do the above when there was no longer a danger
Cap them
I admit sentiment may not have been the right word
>Greek academics vary in their views on how directly  responsible Wickham was in establishing the camps and staffing them with  the torturers
Many of them, however, are not 100% stray
Every film about the life of Jesus is (at least supposedly) set there
A very reliable engine without any of the bullshit that google has
From Czechoslovakia to Yugoslavia
Vienna
After would come Mycenaean Greek (1500BC +- few centuries) I haven't tried reading or something but it's fair to say the modern Greek would almost certainly not understand it, but I think it's likely you'd still find roots of words and recognise parts of the grammar and language
When all the signs are there that the guy tries to get even more and more power, don't have a shocked Pikachu face when he finally does it
In the specific case of age of consent, about half of Europe.
We used to have a gang of abandoned dogs as well but they gathered them up, but they do not do shit about the cats
Contrary to what *ahem* certain countries have been led to believe
I agree that the government can put legal restrictions  on freedom (btw the law is a social construct) (or the opposite) . But that doesn't mean that they can give you freedom
But I'd probably end up picking the winter of '41, just so my bitchass remembers that next time I'm about to complain about a small dumb thing
Go figure
Antifa literally stands for antifascism, it's not a left wing extremist group
Also "despacito"
Greek cuisine is fairly simple, local meats and fish in simple dishes, like other guy said, Turkish cuisine is much more exotic.
σκιαμαχία (skiamahía) fighting an invisible, non-existent enemy, literally: a fight with shadows
It's government has turned rogue
I want to visit too, my neighbor has a flat in Sophia, he said he can host me sometime .
They party was deemed a terrorist organization and it's members were put in jail, after this incident the prisoners of Korydalos raised a menacing banner saying ["welcome kids"] basically being the Greek version of "well well well who do we have here"
Ex Yugos love their athletes apparently, but what's the Slavo-Macedonian one?
You can't blame such a difficult situation on a specific side.
Man that analyst must be pretty embarrassed for his predictions today
Greek that'd be pronounced "Athine" . This means that "η" was pronounced as "e" (in fact, a long "e") instead of "i", and that "αι" was actually the diphthong "ai" instead of an "e". Now this is just one example, but you get the idea: do this with thousands of Greek loanwords to Latin, as well as to other languages, or even with words Greek borrowed from Latin, Persian, Sanskrit etc
Συμφωνώ τώρα ( ͡ᵔ ͜ʖ ͡ᵔ )
Like I'm going to ολως τυχαιως μυρίσω τον κρίνο και θα μείνω έγκυος since I'm single
In Greece, everyone says Agrinio is the ugliest and most boring city but i can't confirm it since i have never been there
How was life in USA
etc
This is why φθόνος is used more rarely and not just because its archaic
- Tinos island: The past few years Tinos has been making itself a name as a gastronomic destination
\- [this] a 17lt olive oil canister, this particular pattern is the standard if you buy it directly from an oil mill/producer
Especially comparing greeks with turks form Asia minor.
Early modern and middle are fine, and I can get the scottish text but I don't ùnderstand every single word
if that was the case, you wouldn't have these panic attacks among european leaders.
[ from Rhodes)
I don't think I knew anyone that didn't go to private after-school tutoring at least on the last year, when we have our national exams, if they wanted to enter a university
Oh alright TIL, again
I ahve no idea what is what in your photo.
I suggest we wait and see before going berserk
I don't like you /u/lmolari, I think you might be a PKK supporter, like all Germans.
Hey Greece is insulted twice
Shows how much propaganda works
Thus the decision is not a well informed one
squid (καλαμάρι) = inkwell
Edit: Typos, formating
You made the assumption that it was somehow taught that anatolia ionians were somehow linked to the turks
On the other hand, it's still so far off that most of Reddit does feel culturally distant, maybe even more so this sub, since South/East Europe is really not portrayed
I never been to a big college game though.
There's inscriptions with eteocretan and Greek side by side so at least it can be figured out that it's not in the Greek family
PS: Only if you keep your expenses uchanged
are Greek words so we definitely can pronaunce an "X" the correct way
i'm at home it's around 19-20
[In the latest elections Greece along with Cyprus (majority greek ethnically) had the lowest votes going to far right parties in the whole of Europe]
I just read a recipe of it and it sounds a rather fatty dish
I like open European borders, but those are two separate things.
For me at least it goes as such: post Byzantine Greek (1453AD +), I understand just fine but it's gonna use some weird words and what not
Im sorry but putting cases in a graph is pointless
Also I think that kids in some countries like USA ( I think) can't just change their gender, they are seen by therapists to check if they actually have gender dysphoria or something like that
Right now, in my opinion, the main problem we are facing is alienation between the EU countries.
I fell in love instantly
It is also spending billions of euros to run cables to all its inhabited islands in order to shut down the oil powered generators that currently supply them with electricity
Socialists or Social Democrats?
My mom did the klidonas, she saw someone with curly hair inside a wooden boat paddling but the boat was on a field of wildflowers, not the sea
You're not part of the eurozone.
There's records from classical Greece that there used to be a language spoken in a few places that was dubbed 'eteocretan'  by ancient Greeks, meaning 'true cretan', but that was 1000 years after the linear A and hieroglyphics so we don't know how well related they might have been, there's a few inscriptions in eteocretan but nothing can be figured out well from them
The people aren't stupid to just sit and take it
Of course you can't compare that to more ancient times, for example during classical Greece, Alexander's period, or even during the 3 centuries of pax Romana when we were the cultural equivalent of today's USA in terms of influence
Ok πεοστύφτη
Unfortunately, the EU, at its current form, is too slow and fragmented to pose as a serious antagonist to these superpowers
I haven't heard Macron speak about firm border control, the dangers of cultural relativism etc.
Public beaches and ski resorts are closed
Turkish politicians are very greedy and imperialistic, we all know that.
No, i dont think i will
I pay 10 times that for 10 times less good internet
Yellow: chemistry
Which one would you propose as a golden era in our modern history then
Our chickens' under heavy regulations which keeps both their meat and eggs free from salmonella which theirs' not.
We've had a total of 3 dictatorships if you don't count the Nazi, Italian and Bulgarian occupation in WW2
German Chancellor Angela Merkel paid a visit to Turkey, where President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan lectured her not to use the expression “Islamist terror.”
I actually had a comic book with these guys, but I didn't know it was also a cartoon.
For what's worth, the phrase "με ένα σμπάρο δύο τρυγόνια" refers to the [turtle dove] which at some point was eaten regularly, not the more [common dove]
Hope your life improves
* Gold -  Chrysos
Then the cats
If you don't have insanely deep pockets but you still want to visit them do your best to avoid popular restaurants, don't stay overnight and leave without ever looking back because they might charge you for it
Well, In Greece there's loud and quite ones everywhere, we're not bound by coordinates on a map ;p
Anyway, what I find rather peculiar is the mere fact that cold coffees aren't popular in Italy
I don't think you need a car to get around Athens
Italy, Spain and Serbia
I say we move it every year with a torch
Congrats
The Best
Public transport might be pain on the bottom but still better than driving
More particular, the daughter hates the mother hers
Unfortunately we have it,  but I haven't heard about him since a long time ago
I think people in the west are more concerned about the bombings and Erdo's semi-unstable nature.
I'm surprised no one mentioned [Dogtooth] (greek) and the greek-irish-uk-french-dutch movie [The lobster] !
A fucking nightmare knowing that your nation's time is running out
Edit from comment: Now I get it
Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia were Soviet republics for more than forty.
I am not an expert in genetics and stuff,but the fact that they came from Asia doesn't have to mean that they are of Central Asian descent
Don't know why, but the first thing that I'd wish to try if I ever found myself in Alsace would be the region's wine
Everyone in the west: "oH mY goD thE bAlkaNs aRe soOO tHiRd woRlD" Meanwhile Germany:
[Found her camping
Policeman with an AK
Happy birthday
We're fine with it
Grenade
We definitely have them, I thought they were universal as well
How is Central Macedonia less developed and western Macedonia a transition region
In this case, stop projecting
Turkey would never join due to the voting bloc nature of the EU parliament, which would make Turkey more powerful than Germany/France in all EU matters.
Like after getting banned from SOCIAL media ot would have been reflected very badly in his SOCIAL credit score, because that's what social means
Sorry for the rant but I had to let it out
which are perceived to not be very serious, which report news that are controversial
For example, VAT is 24% on almost everything
It's so funny when you think of it
oh yea, its been a while in this sub, now that you mentioned it.
Arsenios, Chrysanthos, Kleopatra, Demosthenes, Eugenios, Ektoras, Ermes, Hieronymos, Isidora, Iasonas, Kassandra, Nestoras, Prometheas, Solon, Xanthippe, Socrates
Now that I live alone I make those more often (when I have friends over ect)
But the older you get the more rare it becomes
I thought I would just reply directly to OP since I felt like I could relate to them as we are both Greek and both have a "story" taking place in London
Source: [Wikipedia]
Our microstate is the Mt
Oh great because the second one gives me headaches, I am kinda relieved now
Well kind of the opposite but Athens is considered by almost If not all Greeks the ugliest city in Greece
Pingu is a staple
We'd still have an advantage, modern Greek is an oversimplified version of classical Greek, plus we have compulsory ancient Greek subjects throughout middle and high school
It's okay, don't worry :)
Also, I really hope that the protests will lead to a better Russia
But noooo,we dont want people to learn about that,but yell about the rapper one idiot killed
Greece-Bulgaria-NMK-Albania-Turkey
To be "between Scylla and Charybdis" therefore means to be presented with two opposite dangers, the task being to find a route that avoids both
Perhaps understandable at the time, but not something to aspire to today
Brussels , European Parliament, Flanders and Walloon
It's just that the most French speakers  are in France , so statically it's the best guess to make
Νάρκισσος (Narkissos) = narcissist, and also the guy who loved admiring his reflection on the water for so long that he eventually died from it
In reality Greeks work [more hours per week] than almost all other Europeans and have [totally average levels of personal debt] almost exactly the same as a German citizen and less than those from France, Sweeden, the UK, or the Netherlands
The bite was not taken care of properly and became infected
Even though I'm Greek, and we are pretty homogeneous as a country while also being a unitary state instead of a federation, I also feel very different, and it's not just me
We just use a cracked version of the software we need
Sign me the fuck up
They should never see the light of day if there is any justice.
that's the whole thing you took from my comment?
So to sum it up from a nameless Minoan port to the Roman Heracleum, the Saracen Rabd al-Handaq, the Byzantine Chandax, the Venetian Candia, the Ottoman Kandiye and finally the modern Greek Heraklion
I agree
But there is no state of the Northern Cyprus outside the imagination of Turkey, that's the thing
" It originated in Peloponnese, ancient Greece,[2] and was developed during the 8th and 7th centuries BC (700–640 BC)
It is said this is a cult though.
Sending neo-nazis to prison
I knew nothing of the Irish cuisine before visiting the country, so I had no specific expectations
You're just told of some bad things the junta did and that's it
During Axis occupied Greece, many Greek communists fought against the Nazis and right wing Greeks too, which led to some right wing Greek groups (especially in the southern Peloponnese and cities like Thessaloniki) siding with the Nazis, and even rebel groups that fought for them, as well as official groups (like the security Battalions, who were Greek evzone unites directly controlled by the Third Reich, basically the Greek SS)
a lot changed :P
Pro: There are a lot of sources in the region that are written originally in greek, (Plato, Socrates even the New Testament)
Were the German bombings worse than the later allies bombings
touti = her,
The comments under that vid are beyond pathetic, even by YouTube standards.
I find it a little strange and stupid that they would abduct a person, while there was a camera in front of them
What happens is that the format of the first is harder than the second, as it has many different exercises, whereas the one from Michigan is multiple choice+essay+speaking, so most teachers will encourage going for Michigan
That's interesting, but considering Austria Hungary was an empire "Ministry of Defense" doesn't sound that prestigious
I think these issues currently ranking at the top at that order too
I don't think that is a devalued currency
I’m not a fan of Muhammad
Or maybe it was because I truly loved the city I visited just a day before (Budapest) and in comparison Vienna lost
Erdogan threatens us with war every month,they tried to send 4 million refugees through our border (they failed),they invade our waters and airspace every day and for some reason they believe that Greek islands being Greek is unfair lol
If you're acting like an asshole towards everyone else, they might want to distance themselves from you and see you as
EVERYBODY KNOWS WE ARE THE ARM
I started at age 5, after I requested it from my parents
Dwdeka(12)
Maybe more
He passed anti Roma legislation
Unfortunately Athens had the possibility to become a beautiful city, but there were decades of the construction sector trying to fill the city with apartment buildings to sell
I think they are ok
But they not loving [each other]
Americans of r/europe enlight me about Kentucky.
There are other Romance- speaking people here; one of them is the Aromanians
- Speaking Chinese: it's all Greek to me
Yes, There will be an economic backlash from China but if we have a unanimous stance on the issue that backlash will be an duble edge short for them
You come here every summer, there is a lot of cultural exchange, German football clubs are widely supported here, I have never met anyone who hates Germans, except classical youtube and facebook comments.
He named that culture Orthodox instead of West.
Schengen countries  abolished all passport and all other types of border control at their mutual borders
They are the two best and most useful drinks
&#x200B;
I don't necessarily believe in ghosts, but I am fascinated by the paranormal and this article doesn't seem to prove much.
As for dogs if they have a collar you know it’s someone’s, but if they don’t have a collar it’s usually that they are just stray
The moment you can compare yourself to former Warsaw Pact countries, you know you're doing shit.
Crete and Sparta & Messenia (the south of the Peloponnese) are basically the Greek version of Texas.
How does one just happen to have his hand in a fucking nazi salute
Its more like a military occupation.
This is especially true with the new government that has been elected
I do agree that 'Russia bad' but it's probably not in your best interest to talk about embarassing ww2-era moments, ey mr neutral
I see this as an absolute win
Congrats (silent) Finland <3 Much love from Greece, where eveyone is loud
Let's not forget that they also portraited the far-left terrorist organization 17N as "humanitarian".
Great stuff, great memes
The old way, 1 champion from Denmark vs 1 champion from Sweden, whoever wins takes control of both nations for 4 years and then new champions fight for control.
Our debt to them can never be repaid
But some still offer the no-receipt price lel
*N stands for the nice things in life
Most of the time the strays are cats which you can’t tell if they are someone’s pet or not
Ααα οκ τώρα το κατάλαβα. Btw ο πολυέλαιος μεταφράζεται chandelier
Cypriots have historically identified the same way as mainland Greeks so they are Greeks.
Blue gang unite
As long as you're saying "but" you don't also have to use "men/de" do you
So this mixture of left-wing economics, right-wing social views and indirect bribing makes this homophobic, wanna-be authoritarian party the sure winner again
If you think Middle Eastern culture is equal with European culture and relevant to Europe then i am sorry but i disagree.
For example, in northern Greece there is a city called Ptolemaida (37,000 residents) which is right next to the EU's largest lignite mine
They are usually drunk and they tend to be in a lot of fights
But there are differences here
I thought I was weird for staring down the bus driver to telepathically indicate that I wanna get on, lol
Not being able to go to the cinemas or the theater
Plugs and sockets
I'm in love with all four
Can someone link the patch notes
I don't think that's controversial in USA , maybe it is in some groups like vegans and vegetarians, but the same is true about Greek vegans and vegetarians and generally vegans and vegetarians from all countries . At least that's my experience based on  family friends from the US and based on Americans that I have met in Greece and they went to eat sea foods like octopus
Look what they did to my boy
There are already agreed upon measures for 2017(2.5billion in direct and indirect taxes) plus the new possible "reforms" that will be required for the second review(there's been rumors on the media about more pension cuts and possible public worker wage cuts in some sectors).
It was a Serb user who claimed that Serbs fought the Ottomans for 500 years therefore I corrected him.
EU Parliament chief tweets about Alexander the Great's heritage
Didn't expect that
That sounds dystopian
I read reports that its send from Athens whit the name of adonis georgiadis
My big breakthrough was while playing word of Warcraft thought as I had to type to communicate with my teammates
Hijab no but our old women wear them because it is a Byzantine thing too, ours signify they are a widow or they lost their child and it's looks more like a head scarf.
Most areas have accents rather than dialects, or maybe use some idiomatic words so it would be rather easy to follow
17:00 in Greece and even THAT feels depressing
Yes I agree I forgot about Albanians.Well what about those Christian Anatolians who sought refuge in Greece?Someone was hunting them and that's why they left their homelands,no?Times were different man.Muslim converts were seeing as Turks and left with the Turkish invaders.
As fas as I know he doesn't *promote* gun possession through his music and EODM are not a political-oriented band anyway.
It can either mean asshole or a variation of cheese
Russian (it's spoken in several parts of Europe): спасибо (spasiba)
Nope, fortunately they don't do that here
so if you want, you can do stuff
or it's mostly about the skin color and they don't like anyone who isn't from the germanic or slavic race.
Hungary needs an intervention at this point
Sin Boy - Mama
That's true sadly hahahah
lol @ Turkey
It's kind of embarassing
French candidate Francois Fillon pulls out of key event
if I were a bank
Recent excavations for the development of the tube brought to light parts of the ancient Via Egnatia, houses and markets
I seriously don't know what you're talking about.
We have 18,here is a [list]
-insurance industry
In my family we drink mostly cow milk
We’ve been struggling to build a metro line of a few kilometres in Thessaloniki because of this situation
This does not really apply to the ones from Southern or Centeal (both mainland ) Greece
Yes and on the edge, I would hold you by the hair and suddenly upon the climax to kick you down
Greece in greek is "Ελλάδα" (=Ellada) and Greek (as in the language) is "Ελληνικά" (=Ellinika)
Sometimes there's no corresponding word(s) in Greek
If you want to say, "I want a gyro" you would say "Θέλω έναν γύρο" (Thelo enan gyro) without an "s",
The parents mostly sit somewhere farther away and seldom interfere unless there's some sort of trouble, often chit chatting about irrerevant things
If I see something like this in Greece I'll probably start believing in God or something
My fellow Italians, how can you live without the pleasure of cold coffees
There is no right or wrong way, really.
50 is triggered then Britain is not even in the process of leaving in my opinion and I presume in many others' too.
Also, personally, if I'm home I roll just underpants, or if I'm completely alone fully nude
It gets easier as we move to present day
I agree a random billionaire supporting something doesn't make it the system, but the question is why they would support it.
Such a beautiful country
I don't think I've seen more than 2-3 episodes of the cartoon.
first from Greece
The point isn't to support European independence far as I can tell, it's just stop anti-competitive/monopoly-like practices from Google
I would find a way to incorporate the old flag (with just the cross) With a doubleheaded eagle or the Vergina Sun
It used to be a Byzantine monastery but now abandoned
They managed to do one in 30 years.
There are many things that I would like to be different in it, but it's a start
Can't confirm it but it's very plausible.
That said, I do find myself using many English words while speaking Greek (it doesn't help that I live abroad and my working language at home is english (wife doesn't speak greek well enough))
Also, Greece with that measly coastline
Beautiful beaches
Yeah I think you're right
RIP to the people whose faces are crystal clear in this photo
We even have African celebrities (athletes) who speak fluent Greek
Every book written by this [lovely lady]
A dictator going down is definitely positive news, but the opposition being backed by the Church and the reason for their win being that the Montenegrins ran to defend the church is worrisome
In modern times I would say that it was the years before the economic crisis cause we had the highest gpd per capita increase and in general the highest gps (per capita)  in our history, lower unemployment,  we were ( and I think still are)  in a good place in life expectancy
And I guarantee his successor will be even 10x more extreme to prove he is the "new strong man for Turkiye!"
Does your country have autonomous regions
The best way, actually, to emphasise who did something in a sentence is to include the subject in it, when it is not needed
However, he was removed from power in late age and the university of Athens was renamed after an earlier politician who had nothing to do with it (Kapodistrian University of Athens)
***YOU***
Who gives a shit when I have birthday
House has a good airflow meaning constant draft
Thus, when you hear bira ( beer ), some people write it with υ and some with ι = μπίρα - μπύρα.
Ani medaberet ktzat ivrit :D
"Biontech Manufacturing GmbH, Germany"
Yeah I thought the same
We're still thinking if we should have easter simulation or not
OK he is greek in the sense greek-americans are greek, but he is not like 'technically foreign born'. He grew up abroad until he was an adult
RIP
No, obviously you didn't understand my first comment.
Also the fact that it is a major destination for LGB
But hey No one beat the Greeks :D 400+ Years under occupation/slaves from the Ottoman Empire :D
People that grew up in the post war world take peace, democracy and prosperity for granted.
&#x200B;
Ypsilantis
That's true
This was one of the best and most wholesome collab events we ever had
Kazantzakis
Or just "my alarm didn't go off"
no but we do some presentations as kids about diffrent customs and traditions around the country, for example when it's christmas we will each do a presentation about the diffrences in Christmas where we're from, at least that's what we do here in Attica where most of the population is
Funi
This looks so good
(once it has been repaid in full)
Everything was done in a typical Greek style
The Greeks taste like olives with a bap of pine
It'd be "Of course you have the right to not be murdered, but we won't actually care to stop your murder, or punish it in anyway."
It’s this logic that ‘in Italy, things can’t be done’.
There's no coverage of this at all in Greece
You mean the [Rus] That's not 'Viking' unless we use the term extremely liberally..
author is correct that democracy is not just voting.
The euro is a complicated issue for Greece.
You did in fact pay your portion of the taxes in all those shops but instead of them going to the country they went to the pockets of the shop owners instead.
Imagine how much food is wasted worldwide
Hippopotamus=Ιπποπόταμος (Hippopótamos) River horse
If we were learning about every religion in the world,that would make sense
I can’t disagree with that
We can't do and haven't been doing it to that extent though
Even Greeks got annoyed, imagine that ;p
Don't forget greedy people
Ibiza and Majorca
Please give us our warm weather back, thanks
Although I did ask if I can have any other type of cold coffee (it was the middle of the summer and the temperature was rather high), I wasn't offered the choice of them as an alternative
Everyone agrees noone changes
The residents don't want the mine to close even though they know it's slowly killing them
But why do they have to be full with other people's stuff?
It got me confused lot because I have met a couple of Flemish that call Walloons "the *French*" so I imagined it is mutual wording.
Edit: typo
You're right it's so sad the language doesn't get enough recognition lately despite having survived that long
For me the problem was never nicotine addiction, it was an addiction to the ritual of smoking.
Alright meet you in the middle
I'm pretty sure other big cities have a fair share of that though
I'm from Crete so the first trip that was memorable to me was in middle school when we took the overnight ship and went to Athens to do what every tourist does in Athens eg go to the Parthenon, the museum of acropolis etc needless to say we had a blast
Just from the top of my head
This is an article with details from dodgy sources about a 1994 incident, 22 years ago.
In greek
About culture I don't know, but I guess it would be more adjusted to the needs of the time
Welcome to the balkans, every country feels like they rightfully deserve others land.
In Greece instead of celebrating birthdays we mainly celebrate "Name's Days" which is the celebration day of the saint you're named after
BuT aLeXanDeR THe gReAt iS mAcEDonIaN
Which contradicts the overpopulation issue of the planet
There are people who prefer it though
* [President Hotel] (1978)
They needed to fit a corner of America somehow
No, Iceland has 3 buildings, not 2
I don't think it needs to die, in Greece it's not obligatory tipping, people tip if they feel like it and that imo is a good gesture
*Pass it on*
And some projections are stupider than others.
Ah yes, the beauty of the european borders
Also make sense that the first person to respond to this would be...
Then again when the tourists fight they are so drunk they're not really a danger to anyone but themselves
Thrace: Lots of muslims
Ahahaha sounds like a cool teacher though ;)
I'm a total pacifist and I can vibe with just about everyone, even laugh at the past (or even present) conflicts between our countries
This is an anthem I can relate to.
They created their own bubble and drowned with it.
It's just a piece island to add to the collection for Greece.
In Greece they said that not everyone can be tested and people have been turned down
Neighborhood party
I have argued so many times on airports, insisting that there is in fact english on my ID
I think Apple's argument is that this is detrimental to innovation
How did they find out if someone was able to read it
Doesn't that make it more unappealing for the students
Saw that in the comments here and in many other cases,it's even in the article.
The new legislation revising the bankruptcy code
Boston says hi
We have 6 years primary school, 3 years middle school, 3 years highschool (finishing at 18yo)
- Scottish shower: something good followed by something bad and vice versa
I haven't noticed differences in specific aspects of mine when I'm speaking English compared to when I'm speaking Greek, but there's a pretty obvious overall change, it almost feels like I'm a completely different person when I'm talking to people who don't speak Greek
I am not sure how/when/where it started
(used for cleaning) - Wettex
She could be more well off by 1) not smoking, which costs at least 100€/month and 2) not having so many pets/spending so much on her pets (also at least 100€/month)
My Turkish friends where shocked because i was not using the flag properly and they demanded me to stop that and even folded it for me.
Greece here, we have 500 cases/day, up from 1 or 2 in March
Bottom line --- we go craaaazy with History
I think the notes are invalid for transactions by law and only valid for replacement by the central bank?
In addition to that,  there is a new ID which is kinda different like more advanced, but I don't know a lot about it
Ok I’ll be the Devil’s advocate
Seselj seems like a typical neo-nazi, Vucic is a piece of shit.
We are at a point now where it's like a prisoners dilemma in game theory
I guess it also depends on the individual American too
it's treason then
> different churches because they had better gym membership, daycare, zoos, aquarium, barbecues etc
Why isn't it working out this way?
Both of our systems have merits.
Many of the ancient sources are not written in modern greek but in ancient greek or koine greek, which is hard to be read even from greeks
We actually suggested the heart between the flags too and were initially declined by the turkish representetives saying it will be difficult to maintain
Our president is elected by the members of parliament and has no executive powers
hey, don't look at me I would take action if I could
I used to climb 10 meter tall trees (roughly the same height as a 3 floor building) when I was 12 year old.
I don't know if that is self-imposed or actual externally imposed pressure
I thought Mexico would pay for the funerals?
That being said, most people prefer "fresh" milk, which has to be kept in the fridge both in store and at home and will last anywhere from a week to a month depending on it's pasteurization
I already know some Italian, but I am by no means fluent in it
(Neo)Liberals are considered center/right here.
I am more worried about Trump calling the EU "The consortium" like it is some evil axis power.
Then as a bonus you also have spellings that are both accepted, for example
I assume that by fries you mean French fries
In Greece you can't sell 0,5l of water for more than 50 cents and 1l for more than 1 euro
and Trieste = Τεργέστη = Teryesti
Even their country’s name is an abbreviation
Where do you pay 3 euros for gyro?
Its also weird how everyone is aware and yet we fight endlessly for the most trivial political issues
Just bring some whiskey
Also  it is  widely regarded as unhealthy and stinky .
14% downvoted, that's a lot of people who refuse to understand the basic values of the western world
And now almost every journalist is kissing the governments ass calling out prime Minister messiah and shit, they gave money even to sites that are closed until construction etc but refused to give money to a very popular newspaper only because it's more left leaning and is constantly exposing government scandals
Sony are fucking scum and have chosen their side
That said i'm not actually consuming as many of them as i used too at some point in my life
Small ζ and ξ can get pretty fancy depending the person
My accent is fine, everyone I've met understands it
She has told me that the people in general are okay with the homosexuals, but the LGBT movement started crossing the line with the parades with some weird wood-paper statues of Holy Mary and Jesus painted rainbow and making them seem like clowns and then letting them out of the churches
Moussaka is an amazing dish if made at home or at select places, but the fact that it is the staple of tourist traps is mind boggling for me
Meanwhile, the isolation caused her cursing to become even filthier, and as a consequence it was passed down to her son, hence why he'd curse as filthy as he did
Duuuude
Damn that sucks dude
Its so heartwarming when you learn you share such everyday quirks with people from the other side of the sea..
Venus = Αφροδίτη (Aphrodity/Aphrodite)
Greek onomatopoeic words: in one of Cratinus' plays, he writes that sheep sound like "βῆ βῆ" or "vi vi" in mod
I've worked at a couple taverns and I can attest that people like ordering it more than making it, probably because it has a tendency to turn kitchens into war zones
That's a useful way for protecting the Serbian "minority" /s
They still illegally occupy Northern Cyprus.
And if that wasn't enough the military also do guard duties in train stations and central squares
It is about high school countries too.
Do Turks have any hobbies other than whitewashing their history?
We don't know if the same applies for Romania
And how do we do that when there isn't even money for fuel?
The island also produces some interesting wines based on Kotsifali (local grape variety) and tons of raki
Go away, you're ruining the narrative.
And things like gun laws, school laws, ...
( and it's higher from 1980)
mantis (αλογάκι της Παναγίας) = Virgin Mary's horse
imagine being so out of touch that you are intimated by the truth spoken by a teenager
Greece: I should carry a jacket with me it's starting to get cold
In general northern Greece is really different from Southern or Central
And no thats not an ethnicity thing, but lack of modern organisation and infrastructure both in private and public companies.
μπιζνα ειναι τι ψάχνεις. Οι δικοι μας οι παπάδες ειναι δημοσιοι υπάλληλοι, εκει εχουνε ελευθερη αγορά και ο πιστος-καταναλωτής διαλέγει... οποτε παιζει πολυ το μαρκετινγκ και το τι προσφερει ο καθενας...
When the user deletes their comment, it appears as `[deleted]`.
So, the entirety of athens looks like a pile of ugliness because of those buildings
Yeah
Just olive oil
At least for Athens, and its probably not a complete list
-George(x2)
Technically it is a state because it doesn't belong to any other state.
Woman on the left : " great protest , fighting for my rights , emotional etc ..."
They live in the fucking MIDDLE AGES there
Some islands have mascot animals, e.g. Mykonos IIRC traditionally has pelicans - the original was called Peter
I mean, it is **Hell**as after all...
We also did some more historical texts such as Thucydides History
and this feeling of resentment of Larissa from Volos grew out in football too
at least in Athens, I think its; doing quite well
My flair should show why
Alexander the Great
On top of that Homer mentions that Crete had many languages mingled together so we don't even know for sure if eteocretan, linear A and/or hieroglyphics are the same languages
+No olive trees
Ironically both Ataturk and Delchev were born in what is now Greece
Ξέρει κανείς ποιά είναι η Ελληνίδα; πάρα πολύ όμορφη
And I hate that there is exclusivity on iphones
They 've been trying really hard all week.
Η Σελήνη (the moon, female)
would practically be ending after this
I get that
Why Amsterdam’s coffeeshops are closing
Surely it's a large chapter in our history but I couldn't recall any related information so I chose to exclude it
A running joke is "Η Χούντα έφτιαξε δρόμους" (The Junta built roads), which is a joke, because (the Juntists use it to distract people from all the horrible things the military regime did and) it's used to ridicule them
Spoken Danish
Do you know why this happened
fires, dances, songs, ... The name of the festival "klidonas" young girls suppose to learn their future husband's name
Our priests may not proceed to baptize a child, if they don't have a "Christian" name
As a result Hitler sought to establish a [German Turkish Nonaggression Pact]–Turkish_Non-Aggression_Pact) which expanded on Turkeys desire to remain neutral and ensure they would not fall into the likes of the Allieds.
You seem very similar to russians from our point of view
Luckily our teacher was more progressive and open-minded
but i've also come across swiss, Belgian French quite a few times
How come they couldn't get to Greece
There are many people with Turkish sounding surnames.
How he allied with Bulgaria then?
I am not familiar with their etymology though, they could still be the same root
I'm not withholding secret information from the general public, I just basically said "same happened to me" in our language
I am going to answer about the municipalities that are near me, based on a quick search
That's my point
I truly hate it when this happens
For our big cities to actually feel like they fit in Europe, they are all ugly, dirty and have shit infrastructure, you can't look at capital cities in Europe, and then take a look at Athens and be like "ah yes, this is an EU capital". All of Greece's big cities are ugly actually, only the islands are nice, but it makes up for it when you can go to an island in summer by boat
BUT it’s still worth it, sunshine has a positive effect on people’s mental and physical health
I'm not very fond of sweetbreads, but give me some liver anytime
(Greece) Oh man so many times to pick from
Hopefully Lukashenko will be resigned soon, together with Trump, Johnson, Bolsonaro, Orban, Vucic, Putin, Erdogan & co
More like minister of no communication
No soy hispanohablante nativo pero he aprendido español
GLADIO v2
-Knock knock
Less if you meet some requirements.
Good because before 2014 no one used credit cards...
I am not sure about the south of Greece, but I know that in the North they call the wrap a "pitogyro" and the meat stick a "souvlaki", so it is a very big debate between regions of Greece whether if the pita wrap thing is called a "souvlaki" or a "pitogyro" and if the meat stick thing is called a "souvlaki" or "kalamaki". So basically here in Athens at least, when we say souvlaki we mean the wrap, and in the north of Greece when they say souvlaki they mean the stick, and the term "kalamaki" for the stick does not exist there either
> Yet another effort to clean the marbles occurred in 1937–38
Nope, fortunately they don't do that here
The evil global markets that want to destroy glorious ______ <- enter country here :P
I think you won't get unanimous answers
Yeah,ok
Excitedly, he got on his disability scooter and then into his 2007 Toyota Corolla
Propably the cyclades Islands, the people are nice (mostly) the environment is pretty, the food is good
Thank god I guess
the war in Syria - no I am not kidding) they propose to the student body to "take over the building".
If Belgians dress Manekken Piss as a russian peeing prostitute to honor Trump..
Or how the world would look like if Pyrrhus campaign against the Romans was successful :p
British people, the only two countries apart from your own that scored 0 in "not heard of" are Austria and Poland
Mostly cats
And Feta cheese/ different cheeses we have that have this spicy taste and smell to them
Yeh but just because Erdogan "made peace" with Putin and Israel does not mean much for the citizens who feel insulted by his actions.
Oh yeah I forgot
>We may have the most nuclear weapons in the world
The first capital of Greece was Nafplio (Nauplia), which was an important port in Ottoman times, while Athens was an insignificant village that attracted the odd Western tourist
I should make a shepherd's pie at home some day
That is VERY alarming to me, because these people want to be cops
... are very rare
According to the people I know who lived in both Athens and smaller cities or islands:
The island also produces some interesting wines based on Kotsifali (local grape variety) and tons of raki
I know they are speaking English, but I can't understand them
If that's your own interpretation of what I wrote, it is no fault of mine
Leonidas, with the famous battle of Thermopylae
Additionally, there's loads of small uninhabited islands that offer pure isolation
Every month you hear about new cases.
Guess its only serious when important coutries take some of the heat too
Edit: It's in the link:
Part of Britain until 1964 (even though they voted to remain part of the UK), geographically African, but politically European
So uh, we're in the Balkans
He should be aware that if he tries to do something unpleasant in Kosovo, his country will lose another war.
I named my black cat Tod because Google Translate said it means death in German, but it sounds like a normal pet name
If what the tweet says is true, that guy is a complete moron
Drunk students will lose all their money
never thought about it...maybe an asian country like Vietnam, or maybe Cuba and Jamaica...somewhere where I could work in the tourism industry I guess.
If you ask faculty members they will scoff and pretend that other universities other than theirs don't exist
I personally just dislike tripe soup although my dad loves it so I have bad memories of that soup smelling in thw whole house, yikes
Greece doesn't have the most badass word for 'hammer'
otherwise an apartment close to 200m^2 or a two-storey house with a small yard
Isn't this logic self defeating though.
Yeap,  nothing personal
Although he was a dictator and people blindly praising him are uneducated
Also, as an addition to the above-mentioned Language Transfer course, you can start getting a feel for the Greek language by watching Youtube videos, I recommend [Easy Greek] they also add English subtitles to their videos
You made me want to sit at that table with the green beans, the bread, the cheese, and just slowly sip my wine
When he would come to my town I would always be there already
Bullcrap,nobody was normalized in the public sphere,least of all golden dawn
We don't recognize it either brate
Unqualified and rude civil servants, non-existent state support for the citizens' problems, public companies with millions worth of yearly losses and astronomical wages, pensioners under 50, inexplicable tolerance of criminal activities, heavy taxation
We all know someone in a village from whom we get supplied large containers (5+ liters) with the best fresh olive oil that is sold word to mouth rather than buying supermarket olive oil
Well Greece isn't really out of the ordinary like OP requested.
Around 7
That being said these are 2018 stats and the situation has supposedly improved
Someone broke the climate
I was thinking maybe Tbilisi = Τιφλίδα = Tiflitha
He spread Hellenism to every place he conquered, he was born in Pella, spoke greek as his first language
Haha, this happens when we write Spanish assignments on the computer
My last name is 7 letters long for example.
Or what
I was just uncertain in the beginning,  because,  when I had a conversation with a guy and he told me that technically all people had a kind of philosophy
They will always be legal tender, but they don't print them anymore, and the ECB doesn't plan to replace them with the Europa series
Yet all of them have never failed to disappoint me
It's easy to make friends with the vendors and ask about the quality, and also easy to find cheap and medium quality stuff
Well you seemed to accuse or attribute a certain mindset, which to my experience is not valid.
Meaning if someone breaks in and they see you and then run away you can't chase them down with a sword and hack them in the back whether that is in your house or on the street
How come they are not popular
But they killed someone guilty for many crimes,  someone who is the second in command in a country that kills apostates from Islam,  he attacked their embassy,  he killed many innocent people,  he is a violator of human rights etc
This has serious meme potential
That really annoy us
Just a dirty bunch of white, graffiti-stained concrete
Τρώω παϊδάκια. (rough pronunciation: troo paidakia, the o's in troo are like one prolonged "oh")
Now most greeks have side businesses like  olive oil selling from middle october to middle December
Well, he didn't win by majority.
Judgement crow stare
κάθαρση (kátharsi), catharsis
Had my fair share of injuries the next handful of years though
How convenient eh
And when we're drunk we act the same
It's impossible for Turkey to keep claiming protection and intervention rights without appearing as the outlaw aggressor to the eyes of the entire world
Perhaps other than your superior education compared to us lowly southern plebs you also share the same kind of humor
Ι really wanna see a Kurdish country,i dont care if that will be in Turkey Iraq nor Syria
How's Greece sabotaging a solution?
People do not starve because food is wasted, they starve because food cannot get there
Greece is the most sexually active country in the world
We use most of us the same coin, we share most of us the values of Christianity, we speak one language
Χαχαχαχα, i see you are a man of culture
You can have my share of Greek yoghurt any time you wish
Like God of War and lately Days Gone
Pavlos Fyssas, Greek rapper, antifascist activist was murdered by Neo- Nazis
(They wouldn't want to enosis with Greece because of the Greek debt situation, moreover their constitution, doesn't allow enosis with no country)
If a mod removes your comment, it shows "[removed]".
More often than not though, it's usually about cr\*p Trump does, especially the racist bs and dumb stunts he pulls to get re-elected
Perfect: 25°C-30°C
And LePen wins the popular vote by very secure margin in france for now.
I was considerring to reply, but you covered pretty much everything
Greece/Cyprus
You are far more likely to be a victim of "accidental" burning by one of your own anarcho-fascists sympathizers
transgender people were granted the right to change their legal gender without having to undergo surgical alteration of their genitals in order to have key identity documents changed
hahaha Which Balkan countries did it show
Italy : why is it considered an insult to the Italian culture to eat pizza and pasta at the same time
And he's down with the youth too
They have improved the reliability of their products a lot since then
The Netherlands = Κάτω Χώρες = Kato Hores (although everyone calls it simply Holland)
Pontic Greek, which is a soon-to-be obsolete dialect of Greek, spoken primarily on the coasts of Black Sea (Pontus), in present-day Turkey
What place was that
Mikonos
I don't doubt it
Belgium was at plus 20s about a week ago yet this weekend it fell to bellow 10 and windy.
I guess
Most young people aren't very religious, and don't care about icons
The Byzantines held land in North Africa, the Levant, Anatolia, Italy, Spain, and much of the Balkans.
While his efforts were valiant and advanced the understanding of how our ancestors spoke back then, Greek scholars have reconstructed a pronunciation that is closer to how the ancient tongue was spoken
Well, there are not so many remaining examples that you can bring tbh.
first time i see my country at the top of a list
Well if Crimea is a problem you can always give it back to us....
At some point they also release pigeons symbolizing the holy spirit
Greece is nice, but Switzerland is nice too
And yes if you are from Lesbos and you are a woman you are called "Lesbian" (Λεσβία) in Greek but in the last 20 years or so another word is used for obvious reasons
[Yeah only they destroyed the marbles too]
Either Albanian (through immigration) or Turkish in Thrace or Slavic dialects in Macedonia and Thrace (Regions in Greece)
So basically, Americans like to be punctual and can't be patient
Greece lost its islands to the sea unfortunately
So basically Crete
Like a sausage and some root veggies
Mostly we visit our ancestral cities/ villages
Technically Swe and Fin are not part of NATO but they are benefiting from it as it acts as a cloak of protection.
It has never been easier to access culinary knowledge and tips
I mean, if **we** are not cooking i'd want Italy to cook
In case you haven't noticed the entire world is against the Turkish occupation and that's why no one is recognising your banana republic in the north
I did a few years ago but I've become more social the past few years so I use my native language more
And yet again, everything went smoothly
Funnily , linguists think that there was a proto Indo-European language that was the root of all European languages,  but no European can understand it,  except the linguists who are researching it ( maybe)
I mean, the French were butchering their colonies until 50 years ago..
I am currently studying in another city alone and I do miss the noise of 2 families gathering to eat each weekend
It seemed inevitable
Absolutely
Bye bye Brits
And that ignores the luck of goodwill that will exist from the EU side.
Subjectively, if the day affords you the luxury of observation, it really is this awesome display of elemental power that fills your eyes, your ears, rattles your body and reminds you of the unstoppable, ever-advancing earthly processes that go on, and will go on in spite of you
The thing about it almost everyone forgets is that it didn't fell because of a mass uprising but because it was inherently unstable
We may still have financial services, some cars, tourism, education, but we are steadily falling behind
I had a bout of some sort of mild pneumonia a few years back, of course my lung specialist smoked
You can choose to use nuance when it comes to certain topics or you can choose to just blatantly pander like you are doing
Just sayin
ok i meant customs and tradition (and sharia is pretty much law back in their countries).
Same mealtimes over here, sending revolutionary greetings
You can do a quick google search by yourself.
Edit: added some smells :)
I don't understand why he gets so much hate in this subredddit.
Names like Pericles, Ares, Hera and ancient Greek names in general are still in use today
Hahaha that is nuts, who the hell gets arrested twice in another country
Shhh, dont tell anyone.........
Why did he throw the firework for?
Sometimes they play also Spanish, Italian & French movies as well and in some local channels i saw a number of obscure Canadian movies
Trust no one, the Turk is out there.
It is about regional stability, national security and historical justice.
Exposure is a bit long for the focal length though.
Reminds me of the way some people believe that Greece is full of little blue and white houses near the beach and it's always sunny and over 15°C lol
I'll beam it to the politicians
>Portugal, Spain, France and Italy would be in charge of the food and wouldn't let anyone else get near it
11 édeka
You 're describing what happens in the heads of people when they hear things like that.
to be fair, yeah this kinda stuff happened a lot at 1300 BC
Εξιουζέ μουά τότε, έχεις το ηθικό πλεονέκτημα να χρησιμοποιείς και τα δύο!
lol
(Greek-Italian here)
Time and reconciliation heals everything; your still our best bud
but at the same time I learned to appreciate the lyrics of psychedelic music
I will ask my mother who makes it if she knows the word ajvar
u r probably right , vladimir ;)
I mostly drink it cold
Burger King doesn't have a single store even
Note that this was not the governments actions, from neither side
It looks surprisingly similar to [Cycladic statues] of the time from Greece
I seriously canàt understand why it attracts so many Erasmus students
Athens is just
απόκοσμος (apókosmos), something that doesn't relate or doesn't come from our world, but from another one, smth mysterious, strange or heavenly and wonderful
&#x200B;
Also, we rarely drink ouzo
Rank | Passport Power | Countries
I enjoyed being able to see the world through someone that grew up in a country so different from mine (weather, food, customs, views on life in general and what’s important)
So, Eixample is actually the name?
Also the current one includes
Without EU individually we cant compare to other strong nations
During the fall of the Byzantine Empire the people who were islamized were definitely Christian Anatolians, those from the coast escaped to Greece (mostly the islands) and Cyprus.
Do you write 'α' or 'a' ?
Spoken like someone whose country hasn't been occupied
City rivalry in Greece is as follows: Athens vs Thessaloniki on the correct way to order souvlaki
&#x200B;
So your reply: Unnecessary
And in Greek:
Why tho
With this taxation and a Grexit threat, you'd have to be mad to invest in Greece right now.
Starting with Hungary, but only starting there
The area had no urban plan of construction so when the need to evacuate arrised, roads where blocked and people where trapped inside house fences when trying to reach the sea (yes, they where extremly close to the beach) because the smoke limited visibility and mobility
How democracy was only for few privilledged men
Oh yeah right lel
So muslims are incapable of making political statements without including religion, thats what you're saying?
My region is not the only one with an interesting past though
Based on my calculations, if Greece is 50 years behind the civilised world and you guys are doing it now, by the 2070s Athens will have a river
I think that someone can be black or white while also being Latino
I started with Danish
i'm not quite sure about across the country but the train inside of Attica (in and around Athens) is 1,40 €
Το Ηράκλειο είναι στα αγγλικά Heraklion για΄τί το ήτα στα ελληνικά έπαιρνε κάποτε δασεία. Το αγγλικό h στις αγγλικές λέξεις ελληνικής προέλευσης υποδηλώνει αυτή την δασεία. Πχ: history, hero, hyper
It's not uncommon for parents to just drop off their kids and pick them later, but since they all often become sort of friends due to their kids they usually enjoy the company
We kinda see it as a student  furniture store, although I find it ridiculously expensive compared to quality and the fact that you have to assemble everything on your own
[and this nice song from Sabaton]
Just today I was telling my father how I wish to visit Morocco
That is true but this is a democracy.
Hell im not even gonna talk about some eastern European countries just didnt test a lot so that their figures stayed low (not the only factor that contributed to low stats but one of them) source: [
The Parliament
The main reason is that they are not adapt at technology as we are and they feel trapped
And ofcourse the public is free to ignore them anyway.
I'm amazed at how many people love haggis
but you're just trying to make us closer to you Kurds.
Jokes aside, Greece and Bulgaria are the best regional example on how two nations that were bickering with each other for a very long time can put an end to this shit
People think beach destinations and while that is the case all the beaches are practically jutting out from the feet of mountains
23 victims
We had to go there at 5 am and write our names on a list outside and then take a number of priority on the queue
Μυνιμα
And the problem is that it is a good chance
Spain and Portugal should ask Slovenia for help
I don't wanna spoil the fun here but that's not the original though
Low 20°C s if it is windy, light jacket, but if it is not windy anything above 20°C is good enough to wear just a t-shirt
Do you mean Nikolas Teslakopoulos?
Paul is the Hellenisation of Saul.
My favorites towns to live are the towns that are in the southern suburb of Athens , and those near them that are outside of Athens
I mean a Chinatown is an asset to the city as it attracts people while ghettos are areas that people avoid due to high crime rate.
Isolation is not possible in Greek life
I am definitely against color or gender justification.
1897 greco-turkish war (the unlucky war) was quite a big bruh momentum, as it wasnt intended, and we got defeated pretty hard
So Le Pen will probably win 1st round but only lose 2nd because of everyone else voting Macron.
These thoughts have literally never been associated with church in my country
Impressive how much climate affects the suicide rate.
"Every place has its wounds
To the people back then it must've looked like a futuristic hellscape much like WW3 nuclear holocaust scenarios look like to us
Yup exactly
Pretty sure greece would be that co-worker who's always out of money and asks you to lend them 100€ even though he owns so much that if he ever paid you back you would be able buy a house in NYC and a jet but you reluctantly give him what he asks for because he gave you an answer during a test in third grade and you own him one
I spend most of my time in the livingroom
My Dad is Cretan so that would explain it
Stereotypes I don’t fit
We mostly drink cappuccino or espresso freddo, and frappe (instant coffee shaken with cold water and sugar, then served on ice, with or without milk)
Extremely popular since forever, not to do with the recent fashion trend
There are always problems when it comes to maintaining this union among sovereign states
Jeep ( τζίπ ) for SUV’s
LOL
There is no dispute the islands are greek
There are literally trillions of Euros stashed there in gold silver and the like
We still call the city Constantinople in Greece.
The main reason is that they are not adapt at technology as we are and they feel trapped
spare a Euro for you Witcher
Vergoofin der flicke støøbin mit der børk-børk yubetcha
For example today the temperature is 16 C to 24 C in my town and I am comfortable wearing short sleeves outside
- Στο υπερπέραν (in the place that's very far away, usually also means a parallel universe)
- Volos: I'd go to this mainland port city for its tsipouro tradition (they serve tsipouro with an array of delicious small dishes - meat and fish - at low prices)
We say French shower
>/Russian/
* [Porto Carras Grand Resort] (1973)
Come here to Chicago where we took Italian pizza and made it into a deep dish
ο καθένας με τον πόνο του (each one with their pain/issue) - when someone talks about something and a lot of people follow it up with things that deviate from the original topic/meaning
A hate clock changes about as much as I hate admitting this but I think the system works well enough as it is
Are you sure you are an Earthling?
Same shit as you
However distrust towards Germany is deeply rooted in the general discourse
Nothing, the State just kept on loaning and spending the money to establish their ever growing voting base
One reason is that I despise the local climate with all my heart
but the last decade or so things have subsided
that is Agia Sophia its a church its basicly the Orthodox Vatican that was converted by the Turks
I never faced racism in Germany and I rly doubt this has anything to do with the feelings of Greeks towards Germans
Btw where in Israel did you go
It's either a paradise if we're talking about one of the popular islands, or a very poor and filthy country (both in how it looks but also the people)
Between the ancient name and it being readopted in 1912 with the incorporation of the city in the Greek state it was known as Saloniki, for many centuries
the best equivalent I can find is communalist
Like *construction* cranes (waterlifting cranes were invented in Ancient Mesopptamia), probably the first Aquedacts[1], [Arcimedes' screw] [Cartography/maps] [gears] [the escapement] [the tumber lock] [plumbing] urban planning, showers, central heating and many more
Shit that's impressive lol
These guys did nothing but glorify and worship SYRIZA and thoughtlessly reject all criticism and shamelessly attack critics, day in, day out
Because they want their jobs and industry back?
Farage fought to limit the movement of UK citizens and won, but he's still one of them.
i would really love to have a sauna in my home, it's so relaxing, but sadly they are kinda rare here
It also says that the German archeologist discovered it at a specific place, but if you Google the archeologist you can find his writings where he says he didn't find the temple.
In the first Monday of Lent the town of Tyrnavos celebrates the Feast of Phallus or Burani
Then the nazi occupation happened
Haha, you got me with the Mydia
I'll wait for the esteemed Guardian and BBC to report on it so I can be bestowed with some divine and objective truth
Do you suddenly feel any rush to eat spaghetti though
Naaaahhh I don't think that would be most people's choice
[here is the Google Trends graph comparison of the cities ]
Happy birthday Romania ! Greetings from Greece
We also have dozens of old mosques
I am talking about Voula,Glyfada, New Smyrni, Vouliagmeni etc etc
Me as a greek: what's that heatwave everyone is talking about
That would be a great idea as long as our politicians would play along and take initiative, but I am very disapointed on how they handle anything the past few years.
96% of the Greek population agrees with you.
So maybe we can design  it all flat and then add some hills, mountains etc
I don't plan to move to another country,  but if I did I would choose Luxembourg
I've drunk a beer once and that's it
Milos Catacombs: [
", he turned around and apologised to her "I swear I *forgot* you're even black
μπιζνα ειναι τι ψάχνεις. Οι δικοι μας οι παπάδες ειναι δημοσιοι υπάλληλοι, εκει εχουνε ελευθερη αγορά και ο πιστος-καταναλωτής διαλέγει... οποτε παιζει πολυ το μαρκετινγκ και το τι προσφερει ο καθενας...
Remove Belarusian missions from EU institutions NOW
But the Chameria issue wasn't a genocide, it was an expulsion.
[Interesting video about the walls of Constantinople]
Not certain but probably
Greek one's also fine
I think that especially Greece is suffering from over-tourism that has created many restaurants that serve sub-par food (and only tourists go there)
Yea sure a country can be two things.
Easter primarily
It isn't your duty to hold the migrants either, the best and only real solution to this is to stop the Syrian War.
I'll often cheer for Italy as well
We're not talking about it changing its policy by attacking its neighbours, we're talking about Russia *continuing* its policy of attacking and stealing territory from its various neighbours.
[Only thing missing is a cane]
But the numbers make no sense
Fox News is simply a joke
Excuse my english but what are minks
Donald 's gonna build a wall around Britain then
Great here's something we're first at :)
This I did when I was learning English in the beginning
At the down down of the write, who cares
There is also the less common word **Βερβερίτσα (Ververítsa)** pronounced Ver-ver-I-tsa (where you roll the r's)
Ok I’ll be the Devil’s advocate
To clarify: "λογική" would more normally be used for "reason" in the sense of reasoning, but "λόγος" means indeed "reason" in the sense of "cause"/"purpose"
Woman on the left : " great protest , fighting for my rights , emotional etc ..."
Spanish: Gracias
When in (eastern) Rome, do as the Romans do.
I guess, I will come to you
Tomorrow will be a day off cause of May 1st
Most of my Greek friends who have been to England for tourism have visited London alone, but English nature is very beautiful and there are lots of nice towns too
Can a person not be disgusted by intestines, but find a stomach appalling
Children are way more capable than you think ESPECIALLY when it comes to hurting themselves.
It depends on what part of the country you're talking about
water clock
I know this isn't what you meant but the letter "Η" is pronounced as ee/i in Greek; it is the capital version of the letter η which means the feminine version of "the"
Hahaha, fair point
Okay then, sorry
In other words EU says we will give you funds to recover from the pandemic only if we like you
Not really but to this day you see a lot of old Lada Niva driving around
Except us
Right, and you said "essentially the same", which are 100% wrong.
I don't think nuking an entire penninsula is a legitimate strategy.
And sometimes I don't remember a word in either my native language or English, which is even more annoying
It is mostly known as Αυστροουγγαρία or as Αυστροουγγρική Αυτοκρατορία
The place was down a long flight of stairs with two tall buff guys at the entrance
Tbf, dissing the Austrians was a pretty damn popular thing to do if you were a poet in the XIXth century:
Yeah while I agree that the events in Kosovo, that led to the bombings of Serbia (then new Yugoslavia), most probably were a necessary evil to remove a crazed dictator, I would like to point out that Srebrenica is in Bosnia, which is on the opposite direction from Kosovo as far as Serbia is concerned
Probably [this] photo of the Nazi flag being erected on the Acropolis during the German occupation of Greece
It is rumoured that it is also one of the reasons that the Soviets were hating the Polish more than the other nations they ruled over for the rest of the century post-WW2
fart on my dick can mean you won't/can't do shit to me
In Greek, we say "stou diaolou ti mana" which means "at the Devil's mother".
We are excited to see the paintings in Louvre and the Botsari metro station in Paris.
People here call it rugby because they think that it's the same thing (Rugby is not popular either).
The helmet is of a Greek type, now we cannot know where it was manufactured
Also the current one includes
All other games have been war simulators or stuff like that, which although some are highly rated, they're pretty niche
But I have also seen one video of someone who said that US was a nation of white people and other racist bs
Because Greek government spent hundreds of billions irresponsibly after Greece received artificially low interest rates in the few years following the Euro currency.
Μια λέξη είναι και στα ελληνικά όμως και στα αγγλικά λέγεται chandelier, όπως είπε και άλλος.
There are ppl sane enough who believe it is possible to block Russia accessing the seas?
you mean the same PIS that the guy is using his own DEAD brother as a political tool since 2011?
For example, surely no native greek speaker considers the world "train" to be unpronouncable, but we'll pronounce it almost like "drain" 100% of the time, because the starting 't' just doesn't quite map on greek 'tau', and thinking of single consonants as a spectrum of sounds just feels weird
And then proceeded to count in Greek, It's very funny but I feel bad as he was really enthusiastic about the Greek language
It may be a little complicated if you are unfamiliar but it gets easier once you engage with it and become familiar
It's confusing for the natives as well hahahaha
Typing this to give another perspective on "bad weather" periods because I imagine that some of you guys are sick and tired of gloomy and snowy days
Honestly, this
We could always do better, plus an investment on land has to create jobs mostly for the locals, which is a great thing for Greece
I mean, we could theoretically consider Bosniaks and Albanians as constituent peoples rather than large minorities, but then we'd also have to do silly staff with other nations, like for example considering Greece a multi-ethnic Greek-Albanian state...
You'll occasionally hear older Greeks still be genuinely sad specifically about the failure to reclaim Konstantinoúpoli but more with a patriotic homesick feeling and less in an angry nationalist way
Για τι είσαι εδώ = What are you here for
Is it
> and I’ve heard “why don’t we just switch to English lol” more than once
No, Trump, Merkerls and Schäuble (or whoever is in the spotlight) parading around each year.
or Germany
Also there are many types of facial features
This is more like "plz send tourist"
Santorini used to be one island and it literally split into 3 by the explosion and a huge tsunami hit the Aegean
Also about Pontic Greeks for some reason
In Thessaloniki and nearby regions it is almost guaranteed to snow
It's great actually holding a physical one again
The 2nd in the 2nd grade of Primary, Junior High and High School
A: Yes
Baklava was brought to Greece by Anatolian refugees from the population exchange, not by Turks.
Revolutionists  used some religions or theistic phrases to spread the messages for revolution , because most people were influenced by religion and the church was hostile towards revolution, so they wad to do that in order to make them fight and not get influenced by the official religious institutes .
Cantina outside selling souvlaki and hot doggies
EU is a european common market
I wear shoes indoors
What exactly makes a passport strong
Also, those who wanted union with the Ottomans were the Turkish Cypriots.
After the Greek Revolution of 1821 the goal of the Greek state was to expand all the way to Western Anatolia so that it would include the Greek populations.
Why Germany gives money to Serbia for support for rapprochement with the EU
Yeah, of course every household is different
Vitu satana perkele
now with ancient valor rising
For the record, we might like the French a lot but many Greeks were supporting Portugal because we love Santos and you are a country we identified through the tournament, you know, boring football but in the end you won.
Many Greeks have relatives who only came to Greece due to Kemal's actions
To be honest, Maggie de Block is highly respected everywhere but inside the medical institutions
Those and The Adventures of Tin-Tin
Luck
It is definitely man made
It really depends what you're into.
τόνος = tone
Seems strange it only happened 30 years ago
Did they not vote for them
Indeed, any visual representation of my country is either of something ancient or of an island
Unknown attackers have gained access to thousands of Twitter accounts, spreading hostility against the Netherlands and Germany.
Can't go lower
But I'd probably end up picking the winter of '41, just so my bitchass remembers that next time I'm about to complain about a small dumb thing
We also use Germanotsoliades (Γερμανοτσολιάδες) or Tagmatasfalites (Ταγματασφαλίτες) portmanteaus for members of  the ["Security Battalions"] paramilitary counter-guerilla forces the Germans set up with Greek volunteers, and sent them to fight the Communist-led partisans
Karaiskakis,proud member of /r/2balkan4you
I'd definitely try them
Μένω σε γερμανόφωνη χώρα και μου έχει κάνει εντύπωση αυτό
Every time I hear Russian choirs I get chills even thow I can't understand a word they're singing
να σου πω...με τόσους Έλληνες η Αυστραλία δεν θεωρείτε μακρινή ξαδέρφη;
Thanks - i did not know it was an actual thing.
I will say the following as a person who wants the EU to survive.
I also support USA
Savage
Στα αρχίδια μου (Sta archidia mou) = To my balls/testicles
The guards had been ordered in advance to turn a blind eye to such  behavior, and soon the potatoes had all been “stolen” and Kapodistrias’  plan to introduce them to Greece had succeeded
Τι πράγμα;
And a cool one to balance it:
Did you describe my life
It is actually really convinient not to carry a heavy backpack all the time
Why does Macedonia get to keep its flag, also Anatolia belong to the Greeks or we can share it with armenbro
BUT it’s still worth it, sunshine has a positive effect on people’s mental and physical health
Ok I understand,but where am I wrong?
This isn't related to driving rules or laws.
13 δεκατρία (dekatria)
It has to be something really serious to be called
Pretty much agree, but Heraklion
We also have KFC here in Greece, that's an advancement, I guess
If the violence was coming from neonazis we would also condemn them,as we condemned the killing of Fissas
Colombus didn't commit genocide, smallpox was what killed all of the natives, most natives died from smallpox before they even saw a European
Proto them is if not the biggest one of the biggest newspapers in Greece i hope its wrong but i fear its not.
The rest not that much
Older people tend to view Germany more positively too, because many of them or members of their families were able to migrate there and work after Greece tore itself up in the civil war in '45
can confirm, am Greek, there is bad blood between some people
Funnily Αστυνομία means literally City (Άστυ) and law (νόμος) making the modern's force name not very accurate and the old Αστυνομία Πόλεων redundant as it was literally City-Police for Cities
But the most important fact is that he is trying to distance Turkey away from Europe.
It was a pretty widespread flag during the revolution used by many Greeks.
- Στου διαόλου τη μάνα (at the devil's mom)
98% of the time it's only metal heads that have long hair and they aren't too rare
But what invaders are you talking about?
We needed police escort to leave the locker room
I posted an actual list of actual victims of terrorists and you went on and on about how neonazis did this and that
I think in general people will look at you weird if you say you are talking to God or something like that.
We have most of our classes in the same room
Things like airplanes( I think they are already to some extent), train and rail systems and ships who travel throughout Europe
Up to 3 names are allowed and 2 last names but I have seen some fields having more than one name, thus cheating the system
Thanks Erdogan
&#x200B;
Except for Greeks and Cypriots, but there's only like 11-12 millions of us so who cares
Moon=Selíni(female)
Hahaha yeah exactly the same here in Athens, although we do have some good places for hookah in the suburbs too, but some of them are just borderline scams tbf
I can't be mad at this, I actually feel obligated to thank him.
Just a thought
Honestly, it doesn't real look like a duckling, but I think it's really cute
Germany, I think it's a very useful language and I also  like the German culture
Cyprus: Does their really low quality soap operas count
imagine comparing Iraq to Greece
This could have some meme template potential
It's my favorite subreddit about Europe and one of my favorite subreddits generally
You are not delusional, you just refuse to take in any information that contradicts your opinions
Κάνει τον κινέζο/Kánei ton kinézo: He tries to pass as inconspicuous, to avoid trouble, like a stereotype about the Chinese says
b) drop the rent prices in the suburbs of Dublin - and then you would need to commute, so the overall expense would be the same,
Greek the way it actually sounded like, people will start laughing at you and probably call you names
Why not
A call to our Erdo-hatin' Turk bros: grab a couple of square kilometers each and come to us.
This is fake
but you didnt ended up at gulag, for the first years of Revolotion at least
Since this would happen in favor of the younger populations and against the older ones, no soon-to-be retired political figure would dare to deal with it
Yes but then we had the balkans ww1 fall of the ottoman empire greek invasion, turkish independance etc, the situation changed a lot since 1912!
So I guess it depends on the State .
m)  detached house for 365k euros
I don't think I've ever tried a soup that I didn't like
Sorry for the (quite) late reply
I have only tasted strudel here in Greece (which, of course, I liked)
What bullshit
Funny thing is, we already call it that
Stop diminishing the (little) value that's left of Greece.
Ottoman Empire (Turkey)
Guess who is not a cultural relativist and has actually seen a map in his life.
Also in most cities people in both countries are secular despite their religion
Nope, we hold the record for "fewest continents connected", at 0
Saddening really, to see only a few countries like Italy and France somewhat supporting us throughout this whole ordeal .
There, I just created it for you too
Some more:
Nobody is learning Greek, too :(
I don't get why someone would attack someone else for something as insignificant as being born a few kilometres farther away (and still literally having the same culture)
Also there are some stereotypical faces for some countries , but many people from those countries don't fit in them .
Φθόνος (fthónos)
So today it got 1C warmer than the average
Instead we use our father's and mother's name, which is also written in our IDs
I'd say Greece usually gets average results if not worrying ones but whatever floats ya boat
There used to be a small one in Athens but now it's underneath a big avenue
Athens is a nightmare
This is considered ''socialist'' in the US but it is not
Though, I don't know if this is standard or just an inside joke of my company of friends
We could have been spending more money in healthcare  inferstraction  education  and technology, yet both countries buy and create weapons with all that money
But here's the deal, you can make high and mighty moral judgements still, for there is truth in them, but one thing is undeniable, even if the historical reasons I stated sound as excuses:
And the rest of the colonels as well: Markezinis, Ioannidis, and Patakos
What benefits are you offering
My enemies are those who order and exclude onions, tomatoes or mustard/ketchup
*Referendum for important questions and new elections after they destroy the DPS(Milo's party) is inevitable
I don't know if you really care about it, but whatever
What do you mean
Once my girlfriend wanted to say "Αγάπη μου" (agápi mu/my love) but instead she said "Aράπη μου" (arápi mu)
Also I don't like that some priests said that covid isn't transmitted through the spoon in the holy communion
Oh they are definitely guilty
Maybe because I live in the capital
Apparently only 5,i never bothered looking it up because I live 5 minutes from one
Congrats Estonia
Good to know, thanks
Now compare that to an HDI map today
Manouri
People expecting the end of globalism will be sorely disappointed
The killer deserves to spend the rest of his life in prison, the others not, doesn't matter if they were cowards or not.
Maybe you should edit that comment or they will see you
They just represent some variable
or maybe it's just popular in my town
>In an even narrower sense, atheism is specifically the position that there are no deities
[He looks like the bad guy from Pirates of the Caribbean.]
But the funny thing is that foreign people seem to really like it when I speak with a greek accent, so I may or may not purposely talk with a greek accent most of the time now because foreigners find it "exotic" or what they call it
Will you blame lazy and greedy Italians that dare to ask for help
What google and other corporations do is known as "starving the beast", where reducing taxes paid goes beyond just raising the value of their stock
yeah because the alternative are so much better...
Something between German & Dutch.
The same guy also witnessed Icelandic police pulling some tourists over and giving them a ticket for only going about 10km/h over the limit, which was ridiculous and money-grabbing
Hell im not even gonna talk about some eastern European countries just didnt test a lot so that their figures stayed low (not the only factor that contributed to low stats but one of them) source: [
There are plenty of Albanians here due to the easy access in the 90s. Maybe Russian or Romanian is the third one
Now compare that to an HDI map today
It is implied that the abuse is happening within the camp and not from outisders.
I've also seen in TV that in many countries criminals use children for drug delivery because they cannot be charged.
(Greece)
I also like Spanish but Italian is just more
The fact is that Poland has a too big rural population, which is 30 years in the past in certain issues
A couple years ago, when we had a center-left wing government they tried to remove it but most of the people lost their mind, thus nothing changed
I'm pretty sure that there are way less Greeks there now.
We dont have those 'language' lessons in my university
Join the Eurozone
000
The birth rates in Eastern Europe are not that high.
October came and it was still summer
They are being recorded from my department's auditoriums with professional cameras and all
Story in English
No other statues, no paintings
That single part could be foreign banks, could be these stupid Greek voters, could be these corrupt Greek politicians but you can't blame only one of these.
Instead of a petit jesus we insert a coin, usually made to look like it is gold.
Used to be interested, now they will probably look at you like a monster
Not to mention occupation from three countries...
stop fucking making excuses asshole, it was 99.9999% most likely some tiny little firecracker and the kebab people just got pissed for disturbing their business.
Can you give an example of him speaking about an issue that he cares but he doesn't really get it
Agape predated Christianity and its symbolism, so you cant claim it 'lost' something , but in the christian texts its obviously used with the same terms (but "God's Love" in Greek have no different meanings than the English sentence, so I don't understand the differences).
My opinion, it’s not the best but that’s for me
Even the word itself has a positive meaning
Well thay have a point when NATO set up a puppet state within their borders
It will make moving to Germany to work much easier (I'll just stay home).
Carthago delenda est
The Minoans had developed what was then an extremely advanced irrigation system, including several aqueducts
I think that depends on the degree ,the experience and of the job that they might have and on the expenses that they have
I think because some people believe that some of you think that it's wrong when a white person is wearing braids
Someone is studying biology I see
Is this using the Ghibli lofi compilation that was deleted from youtube
**The Holodomor (Ukrainian: Голодомо́р)[a] was a man-made famine** in Soviet Ukraine in 1932 and 1933 that killed an estimated 2.5–7.5 million Ukrainians, with millions more counted in demographic estimates.
Not just the football teams, I don't think there is another city in the world that claims to be a symprotevousa  (sub-capital
Well I was born,raised and live there.It's a really bad exaggeration.
This is very interesting because places in France and potentially other countries that have the suffix -y, -sy or -cy are indicators of Gallo-Roman villas, such as Taissy, Moncy, Atigny and so on.
Turkey
I hope that he was a troll and he didn't mean all the racist things that he said, but unfortunately racism exist in all countries ( to some extent)
Either Alexander not dying early, or having emperor Romanos winning Manzikert
They offer only more dirt and they are pooping everywhere
Are we going to use compressed fart gases then
Then of course we spend years on ancient Greece, then Rome then Byzantium
The electorate was misinformed and played
But you guys have borrowed some Greek words, and we borrowed the Arvanites :D
I'm laughing my ass off,this description was  on point
I think you all know the Ancient Ones, the last 3 are very important figures in modern Greek, aka post Ottoman Greek history
Guns, "Masculinity" ? "Manliness" sound a little more like it
* The aftermath of the [Golden Dawn trial] (officially recognised far-right criminal organisation that used to function as a political party)
We choose the field we want to study at 18, we give general exams(not specific ones in each university)based on that field, so we have a variety of departments to choose from
These sound beautiful
'Member when NSA was wiretapping Merkel?
I love the main accent, and every single accent associated with the UK
If you see this as a chance to start radical anti-europe actions, you have infinitely more to lose than eu.
Well, it's my astrological sign, so...
It depends on a variety of factors
The difference between /x/ and /ç/ depends on the vowel that follows the letter
91 is enenída-éna
All police officers carry a handgun but the general rule is that they won't fire back unless they are fired upon with another firearm
Mickey Mouse comics, or Disney comics in general, were very popular too
Liberal Turks should be able to bring something to the table that will compete against AKP's policies.
When it comes to correcting mistakes, I try to see how receptive they are of comments
Expanded, explored the land and even kept the whole thing intact for all these years without even having the telecommunication access we have today.
And I thought that Italians are very organized and respectfull unlike us savage Greeks
At least they are democratic countries now,  except Russia I guess
Edit: i missunderstood the question i think the UK and Russia take the cake
Everyone getting blown up and shot while the Swiss laugh all the way to the bank
MPs also cannot be tried unless the parliament votes for it.
Yes actually
looks way more appealing than
Once the economical crisis subsided they lost all possible support
The latter might apply to Greece.
Time is limited and higher focus is given to ancient Greece, Greek-Rome events, Byzantium and ww2
I think that especially Greece is suffering from over-tourism that has created many restaurants that serve sub-par food (and only tourists go there)
Just repeat your wishful thinking until it becomes the truth.
- 100s Common (koine) Greek of Roman period I can understand fairly well at times, I've tried to read parts of the Bible in it
Although he has a tendency to act aggressively to other characters he encounters (in particular Italy and Japan), he can sometimes show a kinder side to his personality
As far as sea accidents go, there was the [Falkonera Shipwreck] in the 60's. From a total of 200 passengers and crew only 50 survived (some accounts mention the fatalities as high as 270, due to no passengers list back then and the ability, to issue tickets on board),. A lorry was parked towards the ship's door, without any safety measures
Not the Northern part
I played a game about this called my child lebensborn, it was about a Norwegian man adopting a kid that had German nationality (propably through rape)
Surprisingly, it's illegal in cities for hygienic purposes.
we dont like to call them stray (even tho most of the time they are)
I guess in terms of how easy it's to get a job I would recommend physical therapy, computer science-software engineer, cooking, nursing schools  and  military schools and police academies ,because you work immediately after graduation
Greka or Calabrian dialect and then Griko dialect
Greece took also part alongside Britain in October 1940 and gained the first European victory against an axis member
Some fit well here (many Albanian kids do), others don't. I had a friend once that was half black, and another friend (we were all close from elementary to high school) one day started a rant about specifically black guys selling cd's (it was the 90s, I'm old), we rolled our eyes and started looking at him "dude
Are you talking about [this] ?
I mean in Greece a water bottle costs 0,50€ literally everywhere, even in airports
I have also a Dehumidifier to mentain a humidity around 50%
I was watching this live at a local gambling house and the amount of laughter was out of this world.
I can see that, but that doesn't mean the party is communist lol
Pff, I personally don't like the cross of the orthodox church.
Exactly
It has integrated into the greek vocabulary
I'm a total pacifist and I can vibe with just about everyone, even laugh at the past (or even present) conflicts between our countries
Once they chill they're fine
All three extremely different, from different parts of the world, that are spoken widely and open the most doors, or maybe Albanian cause my friend is from there idk
Lena Zevgara - Ela ela
Alien invasion coming right up
Did they had separate laws, or did some states biefly outlawed it after the war and then reversed that decision
1^o C. I'm wearing  short pants and a hoodie and feeling warmish
Greece welcomes you to the club
So you're saying they would do what, suspend the elections and take over the factories in order to bring about communism when they're in power
Γαμώτο in Greece
- go out to a  taverna
lol
There was no realistic scenerio were the Ottomans ( who differed completelly from the Roman tradition of that originally Byzantine area ) could control the area.
(3) All powers are derived from the People, exist for the benefit of the People and the Nation, and are
Well Greece was poor too, but thnx to capitalism it ddn't remain on the same level unlike most eastrn european countries/balkans.
Reminds me of the way some people believe that Greece is full of little blue and white houses near the beach and it's always sunny and over 15°C lol
I don't like the recent turn toward far right in Austria but I am glad they have a harsher tone against Turkey.
However if you'd been to Thessaloniki first, then the sheer size and density of the capital will be a shock to you
I really don't get how can that be
hey
These people are psychopaths
For that we are thankful (even though they caused significant damages to the Parthenon in Athens)but there's no argument to keep them there anymore
To be fair, a world of Truth never existed.
I'm not saying we should know every little detail, but it would be nice to have a general idea of what was going in different parts of Greece during that time
Anyone know what could've caused the fire
[Miaoulis] [Botsaris] and more
Many youngsters do work, but do it off the books (thus stealing themselves and the state).
You are right
Pretty much everyone has it, and it's been like that for a long time, way before the "hipster" wave
A sailing Olympic athlete, Sophia Bekatorou, came public about being sexually abused by an official of the Hellenic Sailing Federation in 1998
When it comes to helping them in other ways, I think we, Greeks, are really hospitable either way so it doesn't make a difference
Doesn't matter if NATO jumped in in Kosovo, Serbia eventually lost the war and hopefully this war will be a lesson for everybody.
I think it depends on personal preference and the quality of each apartment, but imo apartments are better than houses cause they can offer the same quality (space and insulation) for a cheaper price/rent
Suffering from success
me too
There is in fact a widely known consirancy theory,believed exclusively by sheeps , that Napoleon was greek.
I'm all for jokes, but I've found that many northern Europeans seem to think these characteristics are actually true
This leftist narrative that the SYRIZA party cultivated before seizing power was unreasonably soft on crime.
Please turn yourself in at the nearest police station for deportation
I wouldn't say disappointed, there are still many attrcations and beautiful places there
Russia: Can't be imprisoned if you're dead
Yes we fought together at Balkans wars, you are saying we have some military history which I agree
He pressed the report button for hate speech
The majority of our top-notch tech is being made in Asia or in the US, and our energy comes from Russia or the middle East
I work with the programs used for the name registry
Meal
Germany and some other countries have received many immigrants, with Germany having about 1 million, but the twist here is that these countries naturally take only the educated ones and sometimes unattended kids
Well, he definitely picked the right job with a surname like that lmao
Nice !
- Στην άλλη άκρη του κόσμου/της Γης (on the other side of the world/the Earth)
It's a joke anyway no reason to get angry :D
Taking all words literally and not the real meaning
Gr8 b8 m8
Although we have Many balconies
Attica (the region surrounding Athens) is developed
Huh, classic
What happened to the bucket
Turkey has a chance to get a visa deal in 2-5 years if it can maintain this migrant deal.
Looks shoped
Also, the fact that near the end of the season the students stay home to study or go to cram school instead of going to regular school (yes this is actually a thing) says it all.
It has always been the norm for girls and boys to hang out together without meaning anything else
Greece is not on par with the orthodox countries in terms of social acceptance.
Also means chosen and confirmed (in this case as son of god).
I don't think it's about the EU not wanting them, it's about them not trying at all.
English is compulsory for everyone and you can then choose between French and German as a second foreign language
That was one of the most important battles of European history
I do not speak French unfortunately and I am not sure I ever will learn it well enough
Some people say it sounds Portuguese and I thank them
Well actually it depends on which suburb you live in
The heat is just something we cannot deal with
Such as Georgios Tsolakoglou, Konstantinos Logothetopoulos and Ioannis Rallis who were Prime ministers during Nazi occupation and basically puppets of Nazis
I really wonder what Turkey is up to now though
Greek conspiracy theorists and brainwashed individuals love saying that.
Same in Thessaloniki
An enviroment that discourages entrepreneurship, unstable political system, corruption etc.
They have been declared guilty of being a criminal organization
A) It is the actual name of the region, it has always been Thrace, unlike North Macedonia which has not always been considered Macedonia, certainly not in ancient times, b) Thracians have long been assimilated (as slavs, Turks or Greeks), there is no one left to claim the name, c) we do not claim to be the heirs of the ancient Thracians, d) neither Bulgaria nor Turkey is any more or any less entitled to that name than we are, all three have the same right to use it because the Thracians no longer exist, which cannot be said about the Greek Macedonians
Also another reason is their treatment of Greeks (again, comes from people's experiences)
Selene to koritsi tou mai
Summer
As if I'm somehow retarded
Welcome to club
Do you have any information on the matter whatsoever?
Ovest, topolino, dear god this is perfect
held a pistol to their head, not because they believed in it
Morality aside, Japan keeping its sphere would not do that much a difference in Europe.
*soviet anthem intensifies*
Macedonians already live in Macedonia, what are you talking about
Another one good for parties is  Cheatcode-sapranov
Also someone said that this post isn't accurate and this is what is happening in Sweden : [Sweden: Young adults move away from home at 21 or - in the boys' case - almost 22 years of age
Only in private tours if you ever find them — I actually have spotted a couple on Facebook from some recreational groups I follow
Awfully ahistorical and insulting
Outdated infrastructure, rampant drug abuse, crime and major abandonement by the major parties.
Μυνημα
Ƶ is another (uncommon) way to write Ξ in greek (not Z), and I have seen people write the lower case ξ as a ζ with an extra line crossing it horizontaly, much like their capital counterparts
Never had them, but they do look delicious
> another person shot at the sun because it was too hot
Well, many others did the exact same and it was the main reason I stopped watching it, it had become politics instead of a song contest
Yes
&#x200B;
The temperature outside is 15°C so it's probably a bit higher than that inside
I understand that my country was not right but its not black and white
2nd day
But these are Griko language of Calabria and Salento spoken only in a handful of villages and dying with the new generations, and Tsakonian from a few villages in the Peloponnese that's thought to originate from Doric, one of the ancient Greek languages, so it would mean it split from standard thousands of years ago, it is also dying with the new generations sadly
Also as someone else said .   is 2/3 Christianity and 1/3 other religions, of which we skip a lot and basically just talk very briefly about Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism and Confucianism, probably making many wrong assumptions about them in the process .
It isn't really a problem though, there is an extendable showerhead right beside the toilet in every bathroom
They made one for Greece in Monday but they haven't upload it to the official website yet.
Normal relations for two peaceful neighbors.
"Μένω με το στόμα ανοιχτό" in Greek
We study history a LOT
Maybe he 's thinking to ride the unbrexit camp.
We do have issues with black economy and overtaxation seems to only make it worse as many self employed people prefer to close their books and provide their services illegally.
[Scylla]
It will be a myth that will last for generations
I'd like to think our participation in the European Union helped our relationship
This is simultaneously very funny and a bit insulting
He was a monk living very simply
His last name is also part of a wordplay the locals did to belittle him, they called him "το καραϊσκάκι"/"to karaiskaki", or "the lesser/small Karaiskos", the -aki suffix used in the same way you refer to something that's a scaled down version of the real thing in Greek, in a diminutive way in his case
-Constantine(x2)
Cypriots can understand Greek, and Greeks most of the time understand Cypriots unless they are using a heavy Cypriot Greek dialect with a lot of words that are not as common in the Greek mainland
Middle of the road, would probably be part of the socialist (Democrat) party.
Yup, Greece
Bear in mind that there is social stigma for suicides in Greece.
Source:
government
2 weeks
The country is one of the most mountainous ones in Europe
I don't watch tv but I do see it on online Greek media
that sound weird to me without a ν. Cheers
In Europe most states were very homogeneous and have a single national culture.
He avoids doing that now
Anyway just a slight observation mate Καληνύχτα
Greece & Cyprus for sure
Here it's even worse; apart from the two biggest cities (Athens, Thessaloniki) and some tourist places, population is massively shrinking
Crimes,murders,dozens of racist hatred crimes
While Mama Mia did the same to Greece and it was pretty popular...
Easter primarily
You should hate their governments not the citizens
Everyone seems to love it
No it is Constantinapole huehueheuheuheu.
Yeah you probably don't know much about it eh...
But Greeks have nothing to do with that since religion does not play an important role anyway
( dont know if it's real or just an urban myth)
We managed to kick Italy's ass, then the Germans came and helped them but then we helped the Italians when we changed sides
I'm gonna go with the ancient times, the [Hellenistic period] Before that, there was the Golden Age of Athens and after that it was the Byzantine Empire (if you count it as Greek).
It's probable that the population was reduced but the dodacenese minority wasnt even affected by the population exchanges!
Movies were also a great help, since everything in Greece is subtitled
People from Crete as well
Moved to Italy a month ago
We regard them as Greeks, you as Bulgarians, the Skopjans as "Macedonians", etc
well that used to happen but now it's actually the other way around now
Κεφάλι, ώμοι, γόνατα και δάχτυλα
Basically Star Wars with skirts and fezes.
All Greek political parties are ABSOLUTELY godawful
Anyone know what could've caused the fire
Well the one side is acting a lot of disgracefully:
I think my teachers had told me that it happened AGAIN in the past in a comic store where they (satired= I think thats the word) muslims'  God
The UK is still in the continent of Europe and WW2 was also fought in Europe
What do you think my fellow dark souls funs ??
Edit: wording
Because that is how you give Le Pen a boost.
Sure, central
I know about the situation from Reddit and Twitter
Their whole outer surface was covered and smooth.
You are right
&#x200B;
Yes please
Look up Zolotas speech on YouTube
Whatever you said
He married 8 gay guys
Pure Cretan music
Make the Greco-Roman world great again!
A person called Giannis is always registered as Ioannis, Vasilis as Vasileios, Thanasis as Athanasios etc
In Cyprus maybe
FYROM because of the name dispute and different interpretations of history
I am not friendly
Being both Mediterranean, I expected that this would also be the case in the country that has graced our lives with espresso and cappuccino
The didn't invade because it was their land to begin with.
I also love Austria's history
For real what are you all on about, roads are incredibly useful and important infrastructure, they also allow for easy and cheap public transport
"I hope nothing
- Everything takes too much time to be done
I would be so afraid to live in a house like that
I mean, it's just an opinion so I wouldn't expect us to be 100% in agreement
Its an illegally occupied land
So our coins are some of the few that have a small story on them!
In recent times we had George Papandreou (born in Minessotta, US)
Plus you changed the Hagia to a museum because the Greek population in Constantinople demanded it and Ataturk was too scared not to do it.
Can't pick a favorite
Trump was shouting at reporters saying the absolute same words over and over again for the majority of that meeting, while Mitsotakis spoke for a handful of minutes and spoke with a better vocabulary and better linguistic cohesion than the President of the United States
That's not the nazi swastika, and Stalinism =/= Communism
Pythagoras
> Asshole is Perseauk Türa lits ära pillu minuga
I also welcome Trump's statement to stop their pointless bloody wars and constant interventionism.
The Pontians and the Armenians were always in Anatolia along with some other Greek speaking peoples
So we get 4 breaks
But you can't make a family on these jobs
Can't the President veto it if it goes through Parliament though?
Well referendums are never good news
Personally,I don't think our countries have something particular in common rather than..orthodoxy ?
There was nothing for me to comment
Find me another European country that this sort of thing happens !!
Even if I won't ever live in Italy, I still want to find time and money in order to spend a couple of months travelling from Aosta Valley and Piedmont all the way down to Calabria, Apulia and Sicily
Beautiful pictures none the less
Thus began the great BLT famine of 2017
Just send strongly worded letters instead, that will work !
The EU, the immigrants, the left, the millennials, the globalist boogeyman
I'm just saying that the average Greek will not know details about the event
I sometimes read about EU, for example new EU laws and regulations, so I guess that I do to some degree
What I hear when some foreigner saying that they want to visit Mykonos is that they want to experience what many other Aegean islands have to offer at an impossibly high price
She should be given a chance: pay the fine, or be punished according to islamic law, which means beating her up for being unaccompanied and for talking to that man.
The whole party/tapas/pinchos culture
Giancarlo Esposito is form Naples too
running along the spine of Greece is the Pindus mountain range that's quite big and empty
lol what
It can be considered as an insult like stupid or something, other times it can mean a mastrubator and it can be used  as way to refer to someone , mainly between friends
I don't know what happened, because my daily life didn't get affected
The first one means "I'm eating lamb chops"
Of course it is, I understand you
[This one] I guess (yeah I know it's not a greek flag in the traditional term)
However municipal police is unarmed
My dad gave me ouzo when I was 8 while we were eating in a tavern, he was laughing his ass off when he saw my face burning lol
That's why the "/s" was there...
We still do but if I mention him, I will have to wear cement shoes and go swimming totally voluntarily
If Turkey "floods" Europe, then it would open pandoras box with dire consequences in the following decades.
It's not trolling, people have gotten hurt before and I think there has been a death, but I am not sure if by bomb or arson.
There were also many massacres against Greeks, I think I read somewhere that after the fall of Constantinople there were no Greeks left in the coasts.
I'm figuring out the reason they named it after him.
I don't like this
I suppose Cyprus
In a national level, the lesser evil
It's not like those don't pop up on random walls in Greece too tbh
Ios and Mikonos islands
Only shops that have a normal greek name or whatever
\**queues some Ramazotti songs**
Man the moment i was old enough to drive a car i was relieved not because i wouldn't have to walk for long to get home but because i would be safe from dogs.
The first capital of Greece was Nafplio (Nauplia), which was an important port in Ottoman times, while Athens was an insignificant village that attracted the odd Western tourist
Yea because Ataturk was such a progressive leader...
Russia: Yellow, red and just a tiny bit of blue
"Thus started the 120-year pan-European Cheese War."
A few years ago Nikos Aliagas was def.
Chin Diaper
You Lithuanians are always complaining
OTOH have to admit when I visited Dresden I was pleasantly surprised, it felt a bit more like a "German city" if that makes sense (sorry to German folks if this perspective sounds stupid)
A kid then stops him and asks "What's a lobotomy
yes yes thank you thats what im referring to
And from all this you make the assumption that the Greek govt would benefit atm with a conflict with Turkey.
The minorities were wiped out and Greek refugees from Turkey as well as economic immigrants from the Balkans took their place
Definitely the best in Stockholm (that I've visited
1000000 ένα εκατομμύριο (ena ekatommyrio)
cons :  our economy isn't so good, there is a rise of extremist parties
You mad bro
2 million years
male: Χρυσοβαλάντης (Chrysovalántis)
So did Hitler, but that didn't work out well for him
Loved it
I would go back to the pre-1978 flag, which has only a white cross in a light blue backround
They shit all over our balconies so they can fuck right off
All we have is the five "basic" vowels like in Spanish (i, e, a, o, u)
It literally means "little dust", I have no idea why we call it that
You want USA style 'democracy' to be promoted in Europe
it happens a lot in areas that aren't near the borders..like all over southern Greece.
I remember having an Irish classmate in primary school and he knew more about Greece than I did
But judging by the results of the end of the two party system i must say that the two party system served Greece better.
I still don't get why we don't market our winter tourism
It may costs more than theirs but its better.
We actually say Ksiaomi
It's important for all future changes in laws ; as they say politics is downstream from culture.
Yes, that is all true
[At]( *minimum* 3200 years, probably a 1000 more, with continious occupation.
They're socialists so that's enough for you to say "fuck'em", right?
Learn how this affects USA
Poland and, from there, '*be deployed across Eastern Europe*', according to the article.
I didn't know Biden's first name was president
Gavdos is closer to Libya than it is to Turkey.
Of course we prefer Venetian over Ottoman rule.
After growing up somewhat (say joining junior high), said kids start feeling quite uneasy at the mere thought of having their parents around them and their peers, therefore they promise they'll behave so that their parents can trust them enough to let them enjoy their party by themselves
There was also a monk seal mascot for Samos, but that poor thing was killed
I've long wished to try some pasteis de nata, I'm sure they must be delicious
And yet, look at who's president now.
Both languages are completely isolated, that's the main connection.
What happened to European solidarity
What about the rest of us, the 8310 lovers (and the rest)?
Their IQ combined is lower even than their shoe size
The system is almost some kind of an elaborate pyramid scheme, where younger populations support the benefits of the retired ones
*Italy has capitulated*
A leftist party(Syriza) that took 31
And i am talking military trucks, jets, tanks etc.
Greek music and dances are very diverse but still unique
As far as southern Albania
Αρμένικη βίζιτα - armeniki visita - armenian visit
You get what you voted
Likely why Erdogan is opening the prospect of full scale war against Syria and potentially Russia.
When a mod removes a comment, it appears as `[removed]`.
That's true
Only special thing about Paris was Disneyland
But to be fair the results are specifically for roads with holes, not generally for roads in rural areas
Why do I remember another one
It's a running joke in Greece
Also a trementous tourist trap
So MLK or Gandhi should have gone around bombing people?
Also historically we had other religions before Christianity
Not only they ignored it, they pretended throughout the campaign that america is already really great [1].
But thank you very very much
Turks
I visited the Museum of the Macedonian Struggle in Skopje and it was a really weird experience
They were convicted as a criminal organization
Just two other very famous ones that were stolen
They already made Revelations and Odyssey
Well, that's dope
Lol
I dislike most ancient Greek names, some are ok like Aristoteles or Alexandros but there are some really weird ones that just don't fit in with modern Greek
\- [this] wicks meant to float on a glass filled with olive oil, burned as a memorial for the deceased, either on their grave or in a corner of the house
Since we speak both in family they get mixed up
A short dick blames the (pussy's) hair.
I learned English from music and video games
[72]
"Too much peace" becomes monotonous after a certain point
I drink tap water most of the time, but when I am outside  and I really need to drink water, the I buy bottled water
We have some problems with neighbours that are pretty much justified (Turkey being an eternal bully, North Macedonia plagiarising an important part of greek history etc
Good job I hope for the best, how many people are protesting this time?
Giorgos -> Giorgákis
And then there's us Greeks joining in the fun
I think that my compatriots used to be against the Israeli government (rather than against the Jewish people) because of the Palestine issue.
- drink tsipouro or ouzo
My ideal lifestyle has siesta in it.
thats one way to avoid being invaded /s
You my friend have reached new levels of laziness.
I thought you were in love with each other lol
I check if my language is available but I always put it on english, not just in games, but also in movies, on my devices etc
I would say Albania is not a rival as well
[Wikipedia]
Good kowalski analysis
*Shit, they're up* We love you guys!
I remember families from my parents' hometown used to foster serbian kids for some months during spring and summer seasons of the 90's.
Another genocide
But I’m relieved our judicial system did the right thing for once
No other religion is filled with so many lunatics
I thought that you would say more European cause in another comment you were talking about LGBTQ rights , progressivism etc and usually Europe is culturally more progressive and egalitarian (about genders etc) ( Except if I remember another person)
That's crazy and trust me i know crazy,im greek
I lost the  world
it's only a matter of preservation and better communication
I do believe that abortion is murder, besides if the mother's life is in danger
The trick to survival
Don't forget to mention that the "liberal" CHP teamed up with the far-right ultra-nationalist pan-Turkist MHP during the 2014 presidential elections.
That's true and sadly this will change for good
a musical instrument with Byzantine origin and [Baglamas]
Both pronunciations are used, the latter more common amongst older generations
after some staring at a map i've found:
For instance, if you are abroad you are only allowed to be in Greece for a maximum of 30 days/year, if you are skipping service
>This map displays the warmest temperatures
But I agree with you t , because the class is biased towards Christianity and it gives more emphasis on it , but at least it is not compulsory
I am very supportive towards people who fight for basic human rights and freedom
For the same reasons, italian could be the next lingua france since there are a lot of sources in latin and spanish/french will be easy to learn
You wouldn't expect something like this from a Greek but please re elect her.
Yeah I'm sure there are, I didn't say it's only German and Greek, it's just that I've never seen anyone mention that you can do that in other languages, and whenever I've seen a fact about being able to do it in German, they usually say it as if it's exclusive to that language
My big breakthrough was while playing word of Warcraft thought as I had to type to communicate with my teammates
Do you really think that the world will just stand and watch?
If it happens the end result is all that matters.
And I was 15 when I visited Paris - there was no way I would eat frog legs back then
If you eat it, it's going to be a 24h a day snack
Yes we have patsadika where you can eat things like fasolada(bean soup), patsas which is a soup that contains stomach and other unused parts of the animal, fakes(lentils) and other similar traditional dishes at a very low price, these are usually associated with the working class
The EU does not need more members
Also, really any type of fish except for tuna
Many are common or similar with modern Greek but feels like a different language really
What kind of heartless person would see the poor thing starving and do nothing about it
Happy cake day
Or Imvros & Tenedos as we call them.
Γεια, με λένε Γιάννη. Χάρηκα για την γνωριμία. Από που είσαι?
I've been asked if that is the Cyrillic alphabet
It was literally **the Greek people as a whole** who wanted the Turkish soldiers free, **not only** ''liberals progressive citizens or academics''
They wouldn't be able to cause a state of terror even if they wanted to
Is it weird that my æ kinda looks like a φ? I'll make an edit with a pic asap lol
The EU has failed miserably to communicate any policy to the refugees.
She says the same thing
Not everyone lives on the Isle of Man.
Even if they suceeded they'd help no one.
The sane social democratcs will merge with the other centrist parties in order to counter the surge of the conservative right.
Not wrong per se
[Here] is an aerial view of the structure
They changed the law,if you are "Underage" anything other than murder including ATTEMPTED MURDER AND RAPE just gets you a tap in the hand.If i was 17 id rob a fucking bank.
Good thing Bologn and Modena are not in the Balkans then.
during a trip to warsaw I heard it wasn't very catholic originally, isn't that true
So terrorism is OK as long as other people also did it...?
Too afraid to ask: What is this and what cultural significance does/did it have
Why do you hate Italy tho
I'd say we are on a similar level to Romania
and
Then the municipality decided to turn it into a " park". Now is a " park" mostly concrete and benches where almost no one seats
The fact that there are liberals in Turkey doesn't make Turkey liberal.
Guess the US, which hasn't had a female President is as bad then?
That refugees are criminals who have iphones  and money and they want to take over out country
it's a bit too nationalistic, and sometimes it's just straight up nationalist propaganda
Scusi sorella
Yeah he's safe but the vacation he planned is now ruined.
This is very good
In Greek we call them "Υπερπροστατευτικους γονείς" =Overprotective parents
I absolutely agree
That's true sadly hahahah
>from a credible place
Seems strange it only happened 30 years ago
filotimos masculine singular
As you can understand there are many memes and jokes about gay couples
Oversized english language lettering on t-shirts is a surefire way to identify eastern Europeans (Russians, Ukrainians etc)
They say  that many people inside the "For the Future of Montenegro" are pro russian and supported by the Serbian church
They tear the walls down or find alternative ways.
Leave me alone
It's very different from what you probably are imagining
Same with mageirítsa on easter, and don't even get me started on the smelliness of feta
The fact that they spoke an albanian dialect or having albanian surnames tells nothing.
Even our previous prime minister is an atheist
- buy excessive groceries
Not feeding that one stray cat that sleeps outside your house everyday
so we ask a local if there is something more we could see
Ah yes, the good old "but isn't all of Greece like Santorini
Take something like the 4th crusade and the Byzantine successor states
Didn't you send me a link of the Macedonian language but deleted it immediately because it even proved you wrong?
No one can build a fence on the sea.
Then you can't have toxic masculinity and make privilege together
It is very beautiful
Lol
You'll definitely need to be more precise in your query.
His name in greek means grave (τάφος) btw
That's a good idea
χα, χο, χου all use /x/ while χε and χι both use /ç/, try it for yourself, say these syllables out loud and you'll notice the difference
I can fly to see my friends in Poland, Italy and Spain just with my ID
In what exactly
Againist this would be the fact that η, υ, ι, ει, οι all sound like "ee" and that ε, αι both sound like "eh". Kinda weird of you ask me
Whom is this name you speak of
No problem, I understand
Still a very nice place to visit if you know where to go and when
Stay strong bros
Not that the French will solely vote for this incident.
It's just that new parties keep popping up (and Pasok changes its name-allies almost every election)
The problem is that EU is doing almost nothing to control its own borders.
Προτού να τη χαρώ
Is that true
You mean North part as it hurts more developed countries like Germany
Challenge Accepted, u/marccolo
No your description is true but I think the population figures are misleading
Very little coverage by the Greek media
"Not all places at Syria are at war".
Kokoretsi
EU policy should be tailored in order to serve the EU as a whole.
Do they really think it's a wise move to test the wrath of the beast
any search engine - Google
Well it's actually written as "una faccia una razza" and no Greek would write it that way
I did not write "We are to blame for everything about the crisis, and the poor EU did nothing wrong", which is what your understood
I think almost all places (public property) where the Hellenic flag is flown so is the EU flag
I will die on this hill
edited
I didn't really understand what happened so I'm not really the best person to ask
It's Hellada or Hellas for short
Pretty sure you didn't
If we went to speak instead of read/write, Spain would be way less than 85%. They think that speaking at the English level that Greek kids can speak at age 13 is actually adequate
*Edit: Grammar and wrong name*
Oh Europe, never change
I happen to be that rare Greek libertarian.
Thank God some people understand what we're going through, the other day I saw a comment that he/she was here for holidays and was saying we are doing just fine and need more austerity, because he saw some kids drinking coffee!
Maybe he wanted to regain some lost votes from the islanders and pensioners (they were supposed to receive those funds).
Most of the people speaking it today are descendants of Greek refugees that fled Turkey back in the 20's, living in Greece, Russia, Georgia
Was is the Spanish state
- go out to a  taverna
Tria(3)
BTW Where are you from
I know enough as not to mess with a Portuguese on how to enjoy bacalhau ;)
Soldiers do no fly planes or do any maintanance unfortunattely.
This is more complicated than Greece and Germany.
Anywhere full of tourists and business focused only to tourists
Its construction started in the 80s and latest estimates say it will be opened in 2023
The Federal European Telekinesis **Association** (FET**A**)
That's why we are not educated properly, we are some of the worst drivers ever and we are generally a corrupt community
Although you do have  a lot of job opportunities for us Europeans, if we don't study there and bankrupt ourselves
He's been to Morocco, and among the things that he remembers from that trip he took 35 years ago is that he couldn't eat anything while he was there
He would hide in the woods and stalk the mortals, making his presence barely felt at the beginning just to cause unease and then all of a sudden he would jump out of hiding with a terrifying shriek and chase them off
To be fair it's not like the two events are not related
We had a cool young teacher in a vocational high school, he was I think a nurse or something in the medical field anyway, and he asked us to write anonymously anything we liked
-Alexander
"Punished" is a joke here
The deposits remain, like malignant  cells in the system
I will be living in the city I choose for up to 6 years so it's a pretty big commitment.
There would be no money left for social programs.
They have better sweets though
i would like to introduce to you [Alexis Tsipras]
And it was the right choice, you can never compromise with Islamic fascists.
Dekatria(13 its like 10+3 and it goes like that until 20)
Sad day
Never visited Prague or Czech Republic in general, unfortunately
Isnt the Amsterdam one like that?
>"Aegea is not a greek lake, neither a turkish like
Initially the thought of using ssds sounded crazy as it was unknown how much one could last without dying after lots of read write cycles.
In europe you can have large percentages of the population openly denouncing the local country.
That applies for Greek too
biggish for Greece, city here
The parents mostly sit somewhere farther away and seldom interfere unless there's some sort of trouble, often chit chatting about irrerevant things
The majority of Turkey falls for this, you should tell that to them
If Sweden is ''democratic socialist'' then almost all major countries in the West are democratic socialist because they're all more or less similar
Soo will the people get any money or nah
The US and Russia are too far away to be impacted.
Now those are all pretty damn true to life
>I heard Russia got drinkable tap water now
actually there was a warning in place they allow people to pass through certain paths but not THAT close
Allies in the First Balkan War then switching to enemies in the Second
The people demand it
Especially in 2010-2015 we were the biggest laughing of Europe and also the most hated European country and then people started to get the impression that Greece is like Venezuela or Syria which is not true
Thank you
As a Greek you're 100% right and I wish more Balkan people understood this.
Propably from polonisation during the time of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth
You mean what I've been reading about Europe being overrun by other races isn't true?
Mattis for Secretary of Defence.
The economy of the town is entirely dependent on the mine and the negative effects of the mine are well known
If an adult is there thu it usually don't have an issue.
kinda impressed that you would know so much about history outside your country.
They called it the (Eastern) Roman Empire, or Romania, but never "Greece". The only reason why it ever existed was the Romans conquering land
Yeah that's probably what we call "Freddo Espresso" here in Greece and every single coffee spot makes them and is the main coffee we drink during summer.
Τζον μέιντ χιζ γουέι του ε τάβερν θρου δε νταρκ φόρεστ, όνλι του φάιντ άουτ δατ χι φοργκότ δε μάνι.
Yet we see this
In awareness of my ignorance, I simply refused to involve myself with organized religion so long as social life allows and have almost no spiritual baggage as a result
Then although not usually linked with danger or death there were a bunch of water [Nymphs]
(Curly) hairs
As a Greek to a Turk, let us not forget the countless villages in Ottoman times where Greeks and Turks lived at peace with one another until opposing sovereigns tore them apart
We just count "ena, dyo, tria
Some people were fucking mad but most of them were laughing their lungs off.
They tried to teach us some basic English at kindergarten but honestly the reason I could read English from an early age was Yugioh . Me and my cousin were playing all the time and since we were very competitive I had to learn to read the cards ..
EU was willing to sacrifice Greece even though of this geo-political threat as Greece may have turned to Russia post-Grexit and caused chaos in the EU .
Just like the term Soviet, American, Roman etc.
Your inferiority complex is showing
(Most) Távli board
Most Germans were reasonably friendly.
It has integrated into the greek vocabulary
Therefore agnosticism is a "default" position of sorts
Have you ever dated a person from a different country
i'd say most students and young people can hold a conversation because it's treated as mandatory for you future when growing up
Are the plants state owned or privately owned, how old are the reactors
Germany took a couple guys the other day and now is complaining that one of them got drunk, teased his girlfriend and had a fight with another guy.
It literally means a man who must speak for his actions as in the man who will be held responsible for his actions
The thing is that Greece, politically, was always leaning on the right wing
Or India-China, or Tibet-China, or China-China2 (Taiwan)
Greek too
So this is Russia's "50 ruble Army"?
couldn't have said it better
In Greece, we used the term Δωσίλογος (Dosilogos) to describe a traitor during the nazi occupation of the country
The word for jealousy describes a state where one wishes or actively tries to get the object of desire while the word for envy describes a state where one feels sad that he that he doesn't have the very same object
Always English, it's really weird for games to be in Greek
And before someone asks, no, I'm not a communist or even remotely associated with the particular ideology
My favorite Greek movies are Sirens in the Aegean and I-4 Loufa kai apallagi
On October 25, 2006, Greece won the right to label ouzo as an exclusively Greek product
This, along with some pretty bad personal stuff that I have associated with the city, make me want to escape from here
You simply do not want to accept that fact
The Turks understand that and act all tough while it lasts.
and still no official word from europe itself..
In [Voula] a 200  **m²** (sq
Yes
"In France or Italy, if you fought the Nazis, you were respected in society after the war, regardless of ideology
I always wondered if a suicide can be a hate crime.
Isn't Lukashenka also the female version of the name
I can feel my IQ declining every day from 11 AM to 6 PM
Under these circumstances, Europe should by no means be providing free welfare any more, especially to potential workers that have so far made zero contribution to our funds
Sike
I only mildly enjoy pastichio and the last time I had gyros was about a year ago because it's extremely rare and expensive in Cambridgeshire :(
poutsos/poutsa = dick,
they also have tax police on the borders, port police, local police, forest police
Turkey is no different than Nazis before ww2
Pretty much serves as a buffer zone between us and Russia which serves us all.
So now we stop fighting about Macedonia and start fighting about Moldova
Most people call them 'Skopje' (since fyrom is weird).
>What about Metaxas
So this is why everyone kept trying to invade it, they knew it was too powerful to be left alive
I have them all
We don’t have Catacombs but Athens does have underground passages which were used for safety during the World Wars
The Odometer
Because you shouldnt exist, macedonia is greek province
I would not say it is Anti-Turkish but it has been fairly tense recently.
It isn't a great deal
I believe when someone thinks of Greece, he thinks about Acropolis-Santorini-Mykonos
100% summer time cause i'd rather wake up before sunrise than have sun down at 6-7 pm
Really
German movies pretty rarely
The revival of south-east Europe doesn't seem to be Germany's priority so it could prove really difficult to go through with a big plan
I don't think he's being serious tbh
I don't think we have these here :(
Kekkekekekek Μολών Λαβέ Μογγόλε
Cause he's the prime minister
and a lot more
I'm a troll for sharing my opionion you bigot?
I apologise on behalf of my country and on behalf of my generation of younger people that even though we understand that this kind of behaviour is wrong, the only thing we do is laugh and move on
I live in southern suburbs of Athens
I've never heard a Greek say "beta" for example, and even when foreigners pronounce it this way it sound a bit off to my ears, but it's because I'm a native speaker.
Wait, it's been absolute ages since I graduated but I'm pretty sure I had ancient Greek for the whole 6 years of middle/high school, and I was in the Technology direction/specialisation
Stricter law implementation could presumably cause citizens to keep an eye on what they vote more.
I myself have a great-aunt who lived in Germany for 40 years
Only adult males who own property should vote.
Die Hard - > "Πολύ σκληρός για να πεθάνει", "Too tough to die"
I'm from Greece
• "Giorgos, come here" would be "**Γιώργο,** έλα εδώ" (Vocative)
I mean on one part (hopefully) educating yourself about the Prague Spring and the communist past, and then going and buying a babuska..
Ευχαριστώ = [I] thank you
A lot of people around 11 years old are starting learning German or French
I think most people prefer euro over drachma
mark my words folks: a day will come, when germans will not need their passport to travel abroad during summer, just displaying their long socks with sandals will be enough
but i know several people that have big dinners on christmas eve
I would if i knew anyone from there.All the people i know that live in a foreign country are from germany :/ But looks promising i will look about this city more.Thanks.
Now, about nazis etc
Zorbas's syrtaki
I came to Sweden 2 months ago, and I told my group of friends in English (I'm in Erasmus right now)
The only similar thing they have is that you drink both of them cold.
Nein, du
Best way to counter fake-news imo.
Dimitris -> Mitsos
When it gets full, we empty the basket by removing the bag and then we install a new one
Here in Greece "Love, you are undefeatable in battle" from *Antigone* is pretty recognisable and kind of used
Considering that a large number of the XIXth century prime ministers were born outside our (then) borders, then no, none at all
All of whom have been proven false
Yeah we're obviously all brown duh
They are considered black, but to me honest, in Greece we just refer to them as Kalamata olives, as we do for other types of olives, we reffer to them by name, we never say "black olives".
I never faced racism in Germany and I rly doubt this has anything to do with the feelings of Greeks towards Germans
Mykonos/Santorini/Naxos/Rhodes are just a no-go for me
^^^/u/my_other_account_471
Sure but I'm not really sure your government wants the same.
>the promotion of a democratic, rule of law,
We owe them so much
Not very common, but not very rare either , most people I know haven't a second name, I guess it's like like 1-2 per 10 people or 10-20 % maybe like 15%.
Yeah but mostly because people are unprepared, there's ways to cope even in those temps
Even the crazy far right nationalists don't talk about it with much seriousness
It's reasonable to fear the US government
Oh for sure, I wasn't trying to imply they did it on purpose
Haha, classic
Western Roman Empire (Western European countries)
The pronunciation is a hit and miss, depending the individual and his accent
private universities are not allowed by law
Albanian and Greek as well
I live in a relatively poor neighborhood of central Athens (Exarhia), I personally know people who at times depend on food handouts because they can't always afford both food and keeping a roof over their head.
Don't get me wrong, they were all things that some Greek people do I guess, but that is *not* how a young woman's room would look like (I am a 20 year old woman for context)
In moments of surprise or relief
At least the teachers' jobs are secure /s
Reminds me of those Greek Russophiles..
It's all about the local cuisine.
It said it was going to happen in the weather people
Maybe we should instead blame Greece and Bulgaria for being incapable or unwilling to secure their borders.
It's Hellada or Hellas for short
But I only threw condom waterbombs from my balcony at that age so what do I know, right?
It's not like the planes are used for anything, not to mention that demand for fuel is pretty low right now
Greece is slowly preparing for a similar outbreak to Italy
I don't think you understood my comment.
Are you a commie or what is going on here
I will never understand why people keep referring to Cypriots as "Greek Cypriots"..when you talk about the Greek speaking Cypriots you just say "Cypriots",when you talk about the ethnic Turks in Cyprus you say "Turkish Cypriots"
I think it happens more to enhance the idea that Turks live in the EU and that the Turkish state will protect them and cares about them.
It's like when you say something bad about your little bro or sis or another family member, only you have the right to do that not strangers
Not yet because I'm still saving money
The issue of the name of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia is not just a dispute over historical facts or symbols.
Edit: Plus Latin in the humanities and Ancient Greek from the 7th grade on
A German factory building BMW's with 500 employees can output more into the economy then thousands of waiters and hotel staff.
Wow, I knew some things about the taxis in Turkey but this changes the whole perspective
and personally i hate how boring the [Greek ones] are
We are not judging personalities, we are judging proposed political programmes.
These countries along with Georgia are of strategic core both to us and Russia, but more to Russia, that's why Moscow is afraid to lose this "buffer zone" and is not afraid to show it militarily.
250 is only for a Bachelor degree
If any Thracian wants to complain about cultural appropriation, they are more than welcome to do so
That's awesome although, ok Sting is great and all but if it was the EODM to have the first concert there, that would be so great.
Unemployed
So he tried to scare them into surrendering by saying something along the lines of "If you don't surrender, I'll burn you to the ground" to which the spartans replied with a kinda famous one word letter, "If". And both went on with their business
b) 1941 when yugoslavia joined the war the Greek command trusted that Yugoslavia would hold out for a while and left no armies on the yugoslav Greek border, so when yugoslavia fell apart all Greek armies in Macedonia and Epirus where surrounded, if we had done that maybe we could've held on longer the last Allied foothold in mainland Europe and without the occupation there wouldn't have been so many Greek civilian deaths (the Greek army was pretty capable and if they weren't surrounded defense was easy on such a terrain, a terrain where blitzkrieg isn't possible)
They do foreign policy by bullying, blackmailing, threatening and invading, and they seem to think that this is perfectly normal and international law is "unfair" to them
It's definitely not seen as a luxury furniture store, quite the opposite I might say
State TV and news agency having become the de facto mouthpiece of the previous radical leftist government and obviously that's all good and proper for them
People think beach destinations and while that is the case all the beaches are practically jutting out from the feet of mountains
\*sad coffee sip\*
Daaamn that's my name and I've never thought of that
Y'all have so similar languages my language is its own family
The site has nothing really special.
So to sum it up from a nameless Minoan port to the Roman Heracleum, the Saracen Rabd al-Handaq, the Byzantine Chandax, the Venetian Candia, the Ottoman Kandiye and finally the modern Greek Heraklion
Scotland, similar kilt like outfits, both of our national animals are mythical beings (Greece has two national animals, the Dolphin and the Phoenix), one of our ethnic instruments is bagpipe related (tsampouna is popular with island folk), both country flags are white and blue with very similar shades
Our relationship has always been troubled but there were attempts to leave everything behind
The invasion of Crete started in 1645 and the siege of Candia (Heraklion) in 1648 and lasted until 1669 when it ended with Ottoman victory
The Erasmus Program is a  student exchange program between between European countries  ( mostly countries from European Union but there are other countries too like Iceland and UK)
Looking at the Syrian one..feels bad man
I don't really see them anymore (but then again I have stopped watching Greek tv) but I did grow up in the 90s with the stereotype of poor Africa/starving children
I predict most of them will be stuck in Greece.
Why is it so different in Sweden
The freedom of one person should stop where the freedom of another person begins
I can confirm this comment is accurate
Telling that i don't know something is not an argument.
Some were even born here and have Greek names
Santas died in 2011, but Glezos is still alive and even served as an MP and MEP a few times
A website called all about Turkey is talking about homer
Eikosi(20)
Are you a guy who went in college to USA and your teacher told you that there are colleges only for black people and you asked if there also colleges for white people
You just have to understand that different cuisines have different approaches
The FN has had support from neo-Nazis since the 50's.
With the only exception, that in that line "Eyes, ears, mouth and toes"
Regarding your first point, fair enough
Or really horrible - Turkey
They even have areas on the mountains that are proud to have never been conquered (by Turks, Greeks, anyone) and the police is still pretty cautious to go there
i don't know how "it" works, i don't know which parts they weren't fulfilling.
I live in Athens, a city that sees proper snow for 1-2 days a year it will most likely not snow this winter for a single day and I'm jealous of you guys
As in the shape is way too regular, lacks peninsulas and gulfs and the likes
Happens all the time when Greek Cypriots are speaking to each other and us mainland Greeks are listening
Sometimes waiters are so underpaid they absolutely need tips
Here we don't use terms like millenials and baby boomers
personally i can't find any downsides to this
Every time my aunts see me they say the same thing
loukum (loukoumi in greek) also means sweet
+1 for entehno
Alvin and the Chipmunks is translated as "Alvin and his company" (meaning the other squirrels), "Ο Άλβιν και η παρέα του".
From Germany
Horrible to see
WAITING PATIENTLY TO ENTER IN SUPER MARKETS IN TEAMS OF 10 PEOPLE EACH TIME
I also prefer milk or chocolate milk over coffee !!
I am a conservative and i am amazed by the fact that people always try and paint conservatism as something they would like it to be instead of what it really is.
It would be a very big coincidence if it didn't tbh
Not exactly about the EU, but about Erasmus (which is an EU program)
Edit: Thank you all for sharing such delicious dishes and making me aware of them
Now that i am 34 she has calmed down i think
Sadly, tis is a matter of corrupt governments and forced outside measures , not the complacency of the average Greek, that stalls us, though when a uncorrupt government came to tried its hand, everybody of the old corrupt regime tried to sabotage it
Our cities are not ugly, Athens is
I am surprised to see that Greece is at 50% when it comes to "Being born in the country"
Some others are less interesting to the observer, like Germany and Portugal
So I think that vaccination is in a way mandatory in my country
EU post Brexit will be far stronger, far from crumbling.
Germany : I struggle to find
*Lets see:*
It's the diet
Surely it's a large chapter in our history but I couldn't recall any related information so I chose to exclude it
This is some pretty darn disgraceful behaviour by the Romanian gov.
Actually the South Eastern parts of the Roman Empire shared a lot of customs thanks to the Hellenistic Period.
Well, it doesn’t work that way
Even though I totally agree with you about fYROM, I don't think this is the proper place and time to shitpost about this.
Since I'm not a 17N apologist you could have sent me a link for your favorite cookie recipe and it would have the same effect
Maybe fried dough balls called Loukoumades
I worked a week with my dad on a truck in the middle of Athens with no a/c and I almost lost consciousness a few times (we had to deliver everything by 12 pm so we were running around stressed a lot)
Even though this is the proper way theoretically, I've never seen such consistency before
It's a Union as are United States, meaning an economic/legislative/etc
I suppose certifications might also be easier in your case.
Btw I haven't wear a jacket since many months ago
There haven't been any extremes in power.
Well I don't think Italians get offended by it, but we sing with pride the "Duce puts his uniform" a Greek song that mocks the Italians for losing the war with Greece in WWII
Actually that's probably good for us
Well, I had a bit too many beans for lunch
Thanks for the info, it's nice that Greeks got along well with the locals
Μια φορά και έναν καιρό ήταν η Επιστήμη.
I'd like to think our participation in the European Union helped our relationship
Noted that in the Balkan wars, he protected the Turkish unarmeds from the Bulgarians
I'm really sorry with these news my Croatian friends
If only one is divine, it's always Polydeuces
His second wedding in Paris was seen as Gatsy style and provoked anger and then he became one of the very few convicted for corruption
Dutch sounds like the same language from the game The Sims
I think in my cities they have installed some kind of milk machines in corporation that they have fresh milk directly from cows, at least that's what they claim
Πού μένεις ; Διότι εγώ οταν κοιτάω έξω απο το παράθυρο στη Θεσσαλονίκη και στην Αθήνα βλέπω απλα μαύρες κατεστραμμένες πολυκατοικίες και σκατά δρόμους.
Προς τί η απολογία; Απλά κάνε αναφορά και γραψ' τον/την.
(mathematics, physics, geography, Gaia, photography, logotype, mega, hyperbole, psycho, center, diarrhea
I don't believe it
Also a mountainous, snowy smell for Northern Greece
Now compare suicide rates
Some sources say they're both mortal, some they're both divine
But I also know that German ones aren't much better, from the way they covered the financial crisis
Naaaahhh I don't think that would be most people's choice
So Germany exports a crap ton and keeps the surplus for itself
Isn't the actual answer extremely obvious
I ride my bike everywhere, drink cheap beers in cheep bars and don't go to clubs or fancy places
Idk Dave it sounds logical
finally something we are the best at
It wasn't all in one go
We also have Ξ ξ which is pronounced as "Ks" and I've seen some people write it like Ƶ but it's rare
Turkey is definitely a bigger threat than Trump
There are no official limitations
I am happy we did finally accomplish it but it was a collective effort
She was never seen again and was presumed missing by the Cypriot state
Maybe it's a guess that it was indeed inhabited *continuously*. Or maybe because it's so old it doesn't count as a civilization per se but just as Neolithic settlers
There's also the term «Τσολάκογλου/Tsolakoglou», the surname of the collaborationist PM
This should not happen
We, as humans, have also created smartphones, internet, vr , more developed artificial intelligence etc
And he gives due credit to the Erasmian view.
You can find them in some places in the US if you are from there
tomorrow the new headline will be
Supposedly, it'll start making stations available in '22 or '23
I've lived all around the Balkans, and spent some time in western Turkey, and all I see is the same traditions, behaviors, insecurities
Turkey is by far the worst NATO ally
No one does crime noir as good as you do
All I see is "vino" and "bor", that makes for 2 words.
Source: buddy worked in NYU Abu Dhabi, high 40s was not unsusual
So, for the record: I agree with all of you and everyone else does and she kinda does too, but for her it's also personal in a way that it isn't for me
Turks want to campaign in Europe speaking to Turks living in various European countries.
I think that was a huge thing here as well
I am nor sure if his nationality matters, there is a Belgian guy in youtube who speaks very good Greek a, I think that someone  who studies a language can become fluent in that language . BTW I am not saying this about this specific person but in general
I can but for many people it's extremely difficult to get everything right
Naturally the daughters got a lot from their mother but there are still some foods that grandma was am undisputed master at
Το Φεγγάρι (The Moon) neutral
In addition to what /u/solveig9 wrote, I was mostly referring to
Europe is happily giving up personal freedoms and normalizing surveillance and giving more power to the state over them for the sake of a sense of security
I don't recall seeing this in any house
Building by the sea is even more beautiful thankfully but I still miss some big city rivers
Classification of EU regions
Maybe it depends on the region/city/town
You cannot have 'ideas' reasoned in a country where the only political voice you're able to hear is Milo's one
The restaurants around the world that offer British dishes mostly do so to appeal to British tourists that can't venture to eat anything that is not deep fried
Yes but Croatia and Serbia are two of the most religious countries in Europe
My region is not the only one with an interesting past though
Yes, of course they can
\- Ioannis Metaxas (dictator 1936-1941
From most of the answers what can someone conclude is that real estate prices have skyrocketed pretty much everywhere in Europe the last 10-20 years
Agree
We are, but for obvious reasons that I’m not going to explain here in detail
Because Aegea is not a lake
or social events
I was playing the God4 and i had to swich to English cause the sound actrors were horrible in Greek
Mesopotamian Civilizations, Egyptians, Minoans, Mycenaeans, City-States, Persian Wars, The Golden Age of Athens, Peloponnesian War, Macedonians, Alexander the Great, The Rise of Rome, Roman Empire until the foundation of Constantinople
We kinda have an equivalent word in Greek
If you remember the old Cold War you probably know what I'm talking about.
Turkish cuisine is waaay more 'rich' and exotic.
I say we should take Nikomedia as well while we're at it
The other is cáguras (κάγκουρας) referring to someone who behaves like a bum, has poor speaking skills, doesn't abide by the rules and usually owns a scooter/motorbike
"Politicians"
its not bad if you work on it every day and treat it seriously
We would make them in kindergarden.
I like how French sound put probably will never get a chance to learn them :/
And knowing the way history tends to repeat itself, I'm a bit worried about the years to come and especially about water
I'd say Greek and German are pretty similar, definitely more so than Greek is to English
I think it fits very nicely to your criteria, they are awesome
But both languages, especially the german one is a pain to learn
Edit: spelling
Because nothing says 'stick it to the system' like injuring random low-level, minimun wage mailmen.
That's the only way EU countries should interact with each other
and he tells us that's pretty much all there is
People got killed for their freedom there
Not British, but the equivalent of the word fuck in greece sounds way more serious yet you can hear it almost everywhere, yet there are a lot of greek words for fuck you and each is more serious than the last one  and can easily start a fight no matter how it is used
The belief is lack of emotion and expression (only for men) = potentially dangerous
This is the Greek prime minister's tweet about it, saying how he's a true friend and hopes that the US-Greek relationship will become stronger now
Westerners say that all the time, who knows, maybe one day they'll believe it themselves ;)
Greece here, no idea what you are talking about.
The new one is supposed to have far more information that will follow the Estonian model .
Morticians in Greece in this case report their stats in general, they don't go by ethnicity, etc.
I have been asked this a couple of tie by *British* people actually.
On an unrelated note, right now the military parade takes place, so if you don't have anything to do and want to see something unusual here's a link for you:
It's basically Greek Gotham
Greek here
As for lohikeitto (which I had never heard of till now), I think I'd liked it
Indeed
Hercules the movie and the kid's series was loved by kids of my age.
Frying eggs and potatoes gets messy
Greek government completes 9 month investigation into ND/PASOK "piggy bank" corruption scandal(possibly biggest ever in Greece)
I don't really think that Greece and Russia share something, religion is useless considering that Bulgaria and FYROM are Orthodox but we don't have relations with them.
It depends if the school is in the city you have to walk but in my case where it was in the middle of nowhere we had some cheap buses take us
I am accustomed to a stuffed cabbage recipe similar to samarle  - our version is called lahanodolmades
You are right
That, along with the constant uncertainty and the absurd amount of bribery that has to take place in every step in the bureaucratic ladder means that nobody wants to do any business here anyway, too much hassle for a dead economy.
I can't think of a country that won't have some good cheese and salami like thing to go with their bread
I think this person means that most people if you that you are an atheist they ignore it/ don't care about it
Sorry,you are wrong
None of  this need have happened, and the British crime was to legitimise people  whose record under occupation by the Third Reich put them beyond  legitimacy
(For example  Cyprus that it has similar culture but better economy , was darker on this map
I however
**EDIT:** Just to be clear, I am not against Christians, only against specific religious institutions and radical and extremely religious people and alt-rights and extreme conservatives
Transfer of ownership
HAVING TO FOLLOW A SPECIFIC SET OF RULES BECAUSE OTHERWISE THE WHOLE COUNTRY'S HEALTH WILL SPIRAL OUT OF CONTROL
I think you all know the Ancient Ones, the last 3 are very important figures in modern Greek, aka post Ottoman Greek history
EINIGKEIT UND RECHT UND FREIHEIT
but almost all Americans seem to think goat is weird
Greek soldiers never gunned down Syrian refugees
ευδαιμονία (efdemonía) the continuous psychic relaxation
The death penalty was officially abolished in Greece, in the 90's I think but the last person executed was in the early 70's.
Also, greek words in English
We have built the society around religion
Well if you don't believe me, there some ways that will make you believe it for sure
Spain's cheap and reliable public transport
The first is the Pangalos dictatorship, it was short lived and moronic
There are some (quite disturbing) videos and photographs from Prague after its liberation that show how much hate the Czechs felt towards Germans at the time.
I suppose Cyprus
KKE ML (KKE Marxist Leninist)
The GM of the hospital he worked for was recently found out he had 4 (four) forged diplomas
I think it's just harder for non-Greek people to pronounce
Afterwards, the various regions passed from one master to another (Romans, Arabs, Ottomans, Venetians, French, Englishmen) until we finally got independence in 1830, roughly 2000 years later
It may not be my native language, but I've still forced way too many people to give "rød grød med fløde" a try
Our school wasn't focused in writing styles,  they just wanted us to write properly
So I mostly meant history with systematic and organized form
Santa would also need to abandon his burgundy coat and dress in blue
History is history but the Ottomans were shit at everything , and they're a big reason the Balkans are like this today, every historian will agree with that
We usually say "παρακαλώ" which translates to either please or you're welcome
The only one asserting a monopoly is Greece.
Mostly religious and conservative but there is also a big percentage of more leftist people
Crete
Actually they are not stricter, they just get a pass for being assholes
EU Good
This is not a way that a democratic union should be
I was the only one of my friends not to hit it at all
Hi, the name my is John
According to this list, "Η Λάμψη" (The Shine) has been the longest running Greek TV series
Would you mind telling us your opinion on the Armenian genocide too ?
Pre-Trump the US was mentioned once a week, to give you an idea
During the war in Serbia, we took care of Serbian Children in our homes and every school was a centre for food, medicine and clothes.
If they work to support their family or their wage is lower ( like most young people ), then living on your own is even more unrealistic
We will build a giant wooden horse and leave ominously in front of Merkel's residence.
i know, just a joke mate :)
Depends what such a chancellor would stand for.
That's beautiful but sad
It is still being built
* [Rex Theatre] (1937)
Personally I won't even turn on AC before 36-37
Next: greek cities founded outside greece
We don't need any of that when it really comes down to it ..
that is a good sign for an albanian road, it would be also useful to uk
does this man want set the global economy on fire?
Unfortunately it's not a joke..there are monasteries in Mount Athos were women are not allowed to enter.Christianity at its finest.
Germans visiting their summer destinations
They were basically ethnically Greek Roman citizens
At this point, most poll "surveys" are published in order to proselytize undecided voters or support a narrative.
At school you learn english and you can select a second language, french or german.
The Bavarians taste more like Austrians and are very rich in flavor bc of the nitrites
Remnant of ww2 and the nazi occupation
"Bashing on feminists" is a whole youtube / twitter niche.
κάθαρση (kátharsi), catharsis
For me at least it goes as such: post Byzantine Greek (1453AD +), I understand just fine but it's gonna use some weird words and what not
Absolutely none
It might seem a bit sad and pessimistic but there you go:
BTW nice name .
That’s exactly what I think too
Yes it's pretty much the same over here
In the romanization of the Greek alphabet it only occurs in the diphthongs "ch" which is pronounced [/x/] and "th" which is pronounced [/θ/]
Though with 50euros you can bribe (close your mouth) the DMV (Department of Motor Vehicles) and have your license in a week give or take
I once flew from Greece to Finland but my flight was delayed so I started speaking to another girl who was also Greek
Hope you are joking
But as it's been discussed before, there's no legal framework to leave the EZ without also leaving the EU.
I guess we have to thank Germany & France for organising all of it
Golden Dawn had been around and was not getting more than 2% until they portrayed themselves as the ones who would "punish the previous ones for their crimes against you"
Learning on Reddit is never ending surprisingly :)
"Radical left terror" and you dare to speak of boogie men lol
āetós is what I found . The truth is as we don't use Latin alphabet we don't think about the Latin pronunciation unless we have some interest in linguistics or people study them
If you have the patience to look through all of his posts feel free to do so.
Their food is extremely cheap though, and also very tasty
To clarify something: the 50 euros bribe is for fast tracking the process of printing the driving license
-a pretty big software development industry
We're too nice
Males -> -akis
edit: how do you add hashtags
Below that we are getting into freezing territory
It's been so long
They were more popular in the past but they never had a huge impact here except maybe in the late 00s-early 10s where machines who make ozonated water, window nets & heaters were pretty popular
When I had been studying in Chania, students from Athens were coming and they were getting dizzy by the oxygen
Me neither
Inside one of the storage rooms at the Olympia museum in Greece
That we all act way too rich for pretty much a third world country, I guess
I think the same is true for for post graduate programmes in the Greek Universities.
And tbh, I don't find the usefulness of an unarmed police
I actually hate the greek accent, but the thing is that I have a completely american accent naturally, it is indistinguishable from an american accent and many people think I'm from the USA
I strongly believe that every country is obliged to do what’s best for its people
There have been quite a lot of maps in /r/europe about the divisions of Europe, but I'd say Western Europe is Spain at the very least
Modern Greece was born in corruption
In Greek there's no "sh" sound, we say Βουδαπέστη (Voudapésti) with an "s" sound and the "d" pronounced as a "th" like in the word "the"
As for the political party and it's supporters they are on trial for organised crimes now and noone uses their symbols and agenta
Last but not least, Acropolis definitely doesn't need any promotion and these shows dont really flatter the monument.
Right now it's like close to 19 C° here and I am fine going out with a T-SHIRT
Can this idiots stop giving an already battered country a bad name?
That could be enough of a pain in the arse for games to remove gambling mechanics and heavily monetize other aspects
make your self a favor and click the links perhaps you will learn 2 or 3 things about the particular isotope
The situation has been less tragic than in other countries but still there are some tourist that arrive to the country without knowing our measures against the spreading of the virus such as when it's mandatory to wear a mask and when not
Wright brothers to moon landing felt much more grand
This title looks like something out of /r/SubredditSimulator.
This means my negro
I have a Serbian friend (from Srpska) but we don't discuss politics.
For Greece there are lots of them, Alexander the Great, Golden Age of Periklis and so much more
Sony forget that its not only the heat,  but it's only the sun
There is no river in Athens, we put cement all over it
This is not including random acts like the 500€ imposed on everybody annually and other kneejerck stuff the goverment does.
If it was foreign capital (ie dollars coming in), then you're not seeing real gains.
EDIT: Some people have 2 last names
Btw this guy was a mongol from a family of mongols are turks mongols as well If erdogans dream borders are as mach as ottoman empire peaked and peaked the days Suleiman was sultan .
Brexit will show you why (deal or no deal)
These are two very different and rather rival parties
They should be proud of what they accomplished.
( I think is a better translation )
But I'm talking about the rest of the country
Almost nobody remembers it or even knows it existed
Which part of Greece are you from
Russia is nothing compared to Germany so they have to resort to jests in order to appear more powerful.
>No wonder the greeks are so much in debt, not knowing the difference between infront and behind, probably thinking a minus in front of your financial balance records means it's positive instead of negative
true but I'd say this one is trying hard to avoid a new one
Obviously no, but I'd like to see constituencies have more control than the centralised Parliament, so such things aren't questioned when it comes to politics
Freaking hours of waiting at EFKA
No matter what their problems with the Kurds are within their borders, they have no right to invade a foreign country, but when did they care about that to care now
The majority is still in Greece and areas like Georgia / Armenia and other former USSR countries.
Or really horrible - Turkey
we call it Βουδαπέστη (Voudapesti) with a normal S sound
Why they almost never critisize them and are even protective of their culture even if it is 'problematic' (they like this word so much)
Okay but our gdp per capita was also increased very much from 2000 to 2008
Στα αγγλικά λέγεται guerilla warfare.
Have no money but have a better time than anyone else in the dorm, play backgammon at 3am with my friends and never go to class, impromptu drunken dancing and 4 hour long dinners with wine, openly smoke in the dorm corridors, still pass all classes by cramming last minute and gaming the system to guess what the questions will be, have visitors, friends and family come over all the time and they all have to stay in my room even though it's against regulations.
Germany keeps shouting from the 5th floor window that we should all open the doors and allocate them.
Haha, actually I live in Athens
Claiming that the **vast** majority of Greek people don't blame the way things are handled internally **first** and foremost is to say the least disingenuous
Most people (a) do not want to 'improve' someone else's property and/or (b) are afraid that their landlord will sue them.
Today's great find
Unpopular opinion: Feta cheese is disgusting (most of the time)
And even with all this debt, Greece is still the wealthiest country in the Balkans.
Males -> - oulis Females -> - oula
i live there, can confirm
Using "kæreste" is what made me fall deeper in love with Danish, it's just so wholesome and cute
All the older women in my family recall it fondly
People would rather still use the drachma down here as well, but for *completely* different reasons lol
There are always problems when it comes to maintaining this union among sovereign states
Americans will have t-shirts with lettering but it will 'make sense' - like it will just be a free t-shirt from some organization etc
List of victims by far left terror group 17 N in Greece:
However Greeks were very skeptical and they didn't take any of it
Kayseri = Καισάρεια = Kaisaria
Thessaloniki: Outgoing, fun and "chill". Slightly noticeable accent
Speaker, I'd likely to put forth the motion to complain about the lack of quality in this meme, it is a disgrace to memehood and does not deserve my upvote
It's called the British Museum anyway.
Kastoriá! It's a stunningly beautiful town in northern Greece, right next to a lake, and it's a good kept secret because it's not faithful to the stereotypical "Greek dream" (sun, beaches)
Greeks have no personal issues with our northern neighbors.
That sounds crazy
Starting a family is doable, just not easy
* With only a couple of minor exceptions, each letter makes only 1 sound and ***always*** makes that exact sound
Having a name for the place is not the same as being a country
Could be the case, haven't checked the numbers in a while.
Sirens basically
My eyes
Crete probably, it's the most self reliant of the regions all things considered, and have a pretty distinct character
>Multinational companies such as Ericsson, Sony, Siemens, Motorola, Samsung, Microsoft, Novartis, Mondelez, Coca-Cola, etc
It promotes nationalism and racism
I doubt anyone uses it in Greece
It was obvious you are from the south...The people who usually support Serbia are those who have actually interacted with the Serbian People and some Christian fanatics.
If we are to only take reports, we can also take reports of rebels shooting at civilians trying to flee to the government and kurdish-held areas.
That's a good point
Conveniently missing out Greece
Then again, you were saved by the West from communism and thus you are a bit more advanced than us today.
Just don't pronounce modern phrases the ancient way.
Maybe the Soviets shouldn't have advanced to Berlin after all, if the people that grew up in an age of mass disinformation and twisted truths to suit one big regime's interest over the others(cold war) can't understand propaganda from reality and start spouting nonsense whenever they see a hammer and sickle or a hint of Soviet history on this damn sub
Well my bad
This is something the people can get behind, if we manage to stop hating each other for a bit.
Propably no, but you know what i mean
All it takes for us to understand is a pretty power point from someone who knows this stuff, please
More often than not though, it's usually about cr\*p Trump does, especially the racist bs and dumb stunts he pulls to get re-elected
Found the filthy commie
As far as I know, we use the word σεισμός sismos for earthquake
I would add mountain tea (τσάι του βουνού) but I think oregano is definitely the most characteristic smell of Greece :)
I'm not sure about the rest of the Ionian islands though because the British had already conquered some of them
That being said these are 2018 stats and the situation has supposedly improved
Larissa, people speak in a heavy accent there
-Otto
No free speech = No free thought
Firstly Ioannis metaxas is by many regarded as a hero because he denied Grazzi his ultimatum thus beginning the Greco-italian war
If you go to a greek supermarket you wont find irish finnish or portuguese products but theres a crap ton of German ones
True, I have watched some nice documentaries about these people.
I think a big change is upon us, for better or for worse
Our government ruined our economy, and now it is being made even worse by the "help".
Any other Greek would just smile and look to another store
Ώπα ρε, από την Τουρκία είναι το Άϊ σιχτίρ που λένε οι γιαγιάδες;
An American who into (real)  football and into Euro
any search engine - Google
Obviously, people from other places might disagree with that, but it is somewhat true because it's a really unflavored way to speak; it doesn't skip letters, or highlight them excessively, etc
Yeah, 17N is such an obscure organization, nobody has heard of it, no one spoke about their attacks
Trump's election has probably emboldened swarms of people
BTW Congratulations for using °C. I guess it is beneficial to be in a European sub
Even in direct alliance with the Nazis they barely registered in the war there, if Germany didn't exist Japan would probably be a regional power that cobbled some European Colonies and probably got invaded without the European war sucking resources and men.
On the other hand, the arriving refugees were proud and hard-working people that not only strengthened our position in Macedonia, but helped create a somewhat better economic environment
After getting his gelato the guy turned around, looked me in the eyes with a huge grin greeted me in Greek and left
In the series Germany is primus inter pares among the Axis Powers, and takes responsibility for the training of Italy and Japan
Thanks
I've been to Italy twice and I had pretty much the same experience that you had
That part was briefly mentioned before we went on the biggest events with Germany
Countries that are religious
E.g.
but there are better ways to do it.
Yeah I remember seeing some turkish loot in the museum in Vienna (or was it Budapest)
Get ready for a really really REALLY BAD SUMMER
There are obviously many phrases for sex and off the top of my head they all use the "do".
I mean, you don't hear people saying "The Hellenic Republic" or "The Kingdom of Denmark"
we have so many islands so it's not the sea
Syriza KKE and Golden down , voted no so i m sure this trade deal is good for EU .
I am absolutely in love with this city <3
Throw out Belarusian ambassadors NOW
To me, the fact that it seemed rather neat and contained was a breath of fresh air, honestly
We are supposed to switch as well, but people fear of it being "the devil's sign" due to them including the finger print, or something like that
Nick Clegg: Are liberals to blame that hoax news is swinging elections?
I'd say people from the Balkans would get along as we share so many common cultural things
Nothing about lowering the rents to more affordable prices
Since the debt is not sustainable Greek should be forever subject to The EUs decisions with no chance of ever getting autonomy
First of all, the health-care system would probably kill me
I thought it would've been unharmed, but that was much more of a close call than I expected
Yes it's depressing as hell, but can we talk about the temperature there
I'd get that a lot less frequently back when I didn't interact with so much content in English tbh
Yes
As you can imagine none of these were particularly fun for communists and left wing politicians
Im an MMA fanboy
They ded
Plus I would able to enjoy all the things that exist right now
Alexis tsipras propably
What you say it's antifa, it's not what you think here
It would be better if  it gave the same emphasis on every religion
I saw that there are about 30 million people with iresh ancestry in the united states (!), but this high figure is because of the slavery isn't it ?
THEN Turkey violated the ceasefire, invaded a second time even though there was no danger and the violence had stopped and the Junta was toppled, and it occupied 40% of the island and then settled it with settlers from mainland Turkey
Thank you for this culinary trip
Look up Kastoriá, Métsovo, Árta, and Pózar baths, they're all quite beautiful places
Here it's pretty common but it usually ends in one liking the other
There are lot of thins all the pros of a big city plus I am close to the sea and to the mountain at the same time
**Discastang**
very true, that "don't take Erdogan serious" bullshit has been commented many times now.
Well, in Greece, in Evia, there's always 1 week of snowfall that's brings snow to 2,5m in height
Yup haha, even if you open both half the flow will be boiling
She told them across the land of the blind
We are capable of handling a health crisis
Koudounofori, bell bearers, in some places in North Greece, as well as North Macedonia and Bulgaria at the start of spring some men will dress with goatfur, masks, sticks and big bells, on the waist, looking very primal, and dance in procession through a village or town ringing the bells in the process to scare evil spirits n shit, never witnessed it myself but want up
we have these in August, Greece, just amazing:)
We actually know where that temple is.
9, basically 29C for warmest temperature of the day in September, according to the link that you sent me
Belarus and Switzerland living the life
i live in athens - only 100 or so km from the canal, and it really is tiny
Most greeks on reddit probably
Maybe we will accept you to milk lovers club
This is not how I learn, but it certainly helped her a lot
I can certainly talk to Cypriots even though there's a chance they'll only understand me without me understanding them
He just used the known practice of exaggerating.
This probably stems from the time of the Ottomans or even earlier
It's at that moment that you have to decide, do you bend the local laws to accommodate immigrants or do they bend?
If you avoid the touristic places (I do not mean the touristic destinations, but rather the touristic restaurants), you'll get to experience what Greek food is all about
I speak English and watch BBC, therefore I'm English right?
The differences aren't *really* that many
It’s quite funny because Greeks aren’t used to cold weather at all
Russia (as always), sometimes Germany, but mostly Greece itself (the common North - South "rivalry")
>Units for Reinstatement of Order, but I guess that goes into political territory
That's a communal house for midgets in Trikala.
People are being arrested by literal thought police
Even though I've been speaking Greek for 20ish years, it still fascinates me to learn stuff like this
Illiberal democracy is closer to authoritorianism than to Liberal Democracy
This guy is seen like a god in Greece.
Yes i agree but it's fun to ponder what happens in a parallel universe
>too the Eagle's eye while his
I'm laughing my ass off,this description was  on point
It all started from a comedy show in the Netherlands.
As a clarification "cheap" in that a city can create a bus line with minimal cost because the infrastructure is mostly already there
>Any reasonable analysis puts him as centre right (or on the left, for any Americans reading
I'm not gonna write the whole thing but it is similar to the English way
I agree with you  it's very important to keep it that way, to build a free, democratic, social, united, and peaceful Europe
This map is really cute:)
You made the point about the EU being the best place on Earth.
I'm Greek  but I've spent some years in england, and imo England outside of London gets very little love
Which one would you propose as a golden era in our modern history then
There are plenty
Yeah I've barely been bitten by any this year
They got there by squeezing our pockets brutally hard.
In some villages successful weddings are counted by the number of bullets dropped.
around 40-50 of us (not me) had a weed habit
All that while he was living in Athens
There's carols specific to the day, there's a ceremony where the priest blesses the waters during which he throws a cross inside the sea, lake or wherever the ceremony takes place, and swimmers rush to find it, with the person finding it having good luck or something like that
DID I MENTION QUEUES
Welsh is my flex third choice too, after English and Greek haha
I dont want to start conspiracy theories (i do), but i don't get the trump-farage bromance and i wonder who can be behind both of them.
Yeah
We say this for visitors who stay longer than expected and won't leave
We say the same way in English
Oh the azerty keyboard fucked me up when I had put a password when creating my work email
The sauce in this dish must be very tasty, judging by its ingredients and preparation method
I have 2 last names
Yep
If you want to learn Greek, I can completely vouch for [Language Transfer] It's completely free, they're basically 10-15 minute Soundcloud clips (totalling 4 hours I think) and it teaches you the language naturally, there's basically a volunteer student along with the teacher (Michalis) and he starts off by teaching you a few words, and then prompts the student to construct sentences, and you hear their back and fourth, and throughout the course you learn the grammar of the language and how to think in it
Do we even have cursive
Maybe it's not common for Mediterranean cuisine as I see in this thread.
We actually mock Germans on how little they eat and for that, not many restaurant owners like them
\-Gifting someone cologne means you'll have a bad fight
lol when I enter in my house with my shoes the floor is still clean and it doesn't become dirty easily except if my shoes are dirty(if for expample I go to a dirty place or if its rainy etc) .
Many claim it was because of treason that Candia eventually fell, when a Venetian military officer defected to the Ottoman side and revealed to them, the fortifications' weak spots
They repeatedly attacked people, they killed 2, they had informants in the police and they felt so comfortable and protected by the police that when the murderer of Fyssas was being arrested he told the officer "I'm one of you". If you think that it's just one dead man I suggest you read their case file to see what other charges and convictions they have on their backs like the murder of Shehzad Luqman, the almost murderous attacks on Egyptian fishermen while they were sleeping in their home, various attacks on political opponents, the fact that they had a massive armory which was "safeguarded" for them by a policewoman who **still works for the hellenic police** etc
[Here] is our celebration for the 2004 Euro
Considering the size of their country, one can say that California and New Jersey can be seen as two different countries almost
The queen paid him a visit and asked him why is he doing this and paraphrasingly he answered "that's the life I'm used to and I don't need anything else".
", sometimes followed by "you don't look like greek".
Although, considering he was in the same party with Simitis, I wonder who was the master and who was the disciple
This is why I titled this video "a brief introduction" and not "all fascist sayings of Nigel Farage".
Don't take my humor too seriously :)
In Greek you can always pronounce a word when you see it, down to the accent (or stress, whatever it's called)
Also I have a feeling that in the more touristy areas of Barcelona, things might be a bit different from what they are in a residential area.
Yes ,we shouldn't ban art that ridicules religions but not because something worse might follow but rather because restricting freedom of speech itself has bad consequences on people/society
Why is it called Cyrillic and not something like Clementic
Hope you can fix up your country
If the mother approaches, the daughter meows aggressively
A billion different kinds of budget-off-brand coca cola
It's actually lower but many young workers are uninsured and don't appear in official statistics.
Every new year is the direct descendant of a long line of criminals.
I live there and it's nice
Almost everyone laughs
but those readings are couple of thousand less than the french recorded months after the fukushima accident and they didnt even gave a damn cause obviously the reading were small
We learned mostly about Ancient Greece, the Byzantine Empire, Ottoman Empire 400 years Occupation, and the 1821 Revolution against it
I went to Turkey a couple of months ago
That's a thing here too
Sorry pal, we are part of the free world.
m) detahced house for 395k euros
During the Paris Conference in 1919 the Greek state came extremelly close to fullfiling that goal.
Yay
First 2 points are inane, but the third is funny
Is that really OC
But we also consider Serbians our brothers :)
ahemmm
Why does the government care about what an individual wants to put in his body ?
You're a madman
I really don't think that translates well due to things like cultural relativism and all
Looks like it's in the Mediterranean
Nice comeback
edit: yup, just checked germany is first then italy and france
Here the name Nikolas ( or Nikos)  is widely used .
> The British Museum has responded with the statement that "mistakes were made at that time
I have spotted a couple of restaurants in Istanbul through the net, where I specificaly wish to go to experience their culinary delight
Country, region, city, town, village
And yes i agree that "democracy's biggest weakness are the people".
It’s safer
Bullshit expressions like "rapidly rising tide of Marxism" does away with the distinction I was making where the horrible oppressors of their own nations nonetheless end up opposing the cross-border aggression of others, even ones nominally on their own 'ideological' side.
My Greek ass is struggling to believe it
Just telling me that i have no idea about something is not an argument
I still believe
What a brutal sight
Bulgaria: We don't really know much about you
Even the premise is fairly new.
How come
This caused a series of events that eventually led to the defeat of Greece in the Asia Minor Expedition, and the deaths of millions of Anatolian Christians
In the US except perhaps in DC where else can you find international relations hubs?
On a sidenote, we also call "duckling" [this type of small motorcycles] which make up around 90% of motorcycles in Greece, so it could be related to this
For the modern times, I would say the 80s and a bit of the 90s with Andreas Papandreou
Georgios Karaiskakis
Maybe I have to edit it , to make it clear
As if I'm somehow retarded
Το Π σημαίνει παρέα δεμένη
It will get crazy
i get that you mean deterrence.
Φαση αυτη η εκκλησια εχει μεσα γυμναστηριο και παιδικη χαρα, η αλλη εχει γηπεδα μπασκετ, η αλλη εχει ζωολογικο κηπο κ πανε εκδρομες, η αλλη εχει προγραμματα για εφηβους με ομαδες κλπ. Μεχρι μου ελεγε ο φιλος εκει πολλες εχουνε και fund για να δωσουν λεφτα αμα παθεις κατι κ χρειαζεσαι γιατρο (αφου αμερικα δεν εχει ασφαλιση)
The athenian accent is not really consider an accent, but the proper way to speak Greek
6 èxi
You are the one that did
Cant imagine Poland's surprise when she wakes up and cant recognize anyone around :O
Where are all these people held?
I don't give a rat's ass about investments so my disposable income goes to things I want the most but my cousin and his wife,  each one making around a thousand euros per month, have already flipped two small apartments, listed another one in airbnb and bought a house for them just recently
It's not bad though, ours on the other hand is lame
What is a good outcome is determined primarily by the alternatives.
Weird
I'm disappointed that Greece isn't included in the stats.
Oh and then imagine if Russia or China or whoever your boogeyman is had those around you.
Asia minor catastrophe
How many are in the same socioecinomic position?
I see all the people flocking to the UK for the food
Fuck you
I SAID LIThuania
>to be equal to social democratic
But the history books I had during school years mention nothing about the times Greeks did bad things to other people and I know for a fact that they did those things
We will stuff the French baguette with chicken, tomatoes and cheese and eat the fascism away
Everyday we see enemy aircraft enter our airspace and ships tresspass our sea border yet no one supports action because they dont give a damn
I am writing α all the time, I tried doing the English a and I can't
Isn't Scottish included in the British
The people who support Serbia are usually nationalists.
Yep, brothers in populism and supposedly in anti-establishment.
Yes but this one is a parody tho
They also have just started talking about the dictator in Belarus winning the elections and how Putin congratulates him, so that's the 'news' from Belarus for the day
I agree, we shouldn't think that gay is an insult
Bottled water, retail price outside supermarkets
It doesn't bother him anymore and he now sees how different life here is, he even has managed to relax in general
Also -idis, -adis, -oudis are from northern greece, or from the black sea
I would encourage anyone who has the time, to watch the whole interview.Its a bit over an hour on the Rubin Report channel.Might shed some (more) light on what happened/is happening in Greece.
I like the islands but I'm more into mainland scenery tbh
Christianity, whether you believe in it or not, is the reason Greece is free today
I believe Trabzon to be a rather European city in Turkey
Is it to make it look like all people of that nation are good
We also have a lot of jokes in the form of: There was one Italian, one British and one Greek etc
plus things change
I think it describes exceptionally what it is to be forced into crime in order to survive
I would let them touch my Macedonia any day...
Unlike many languages where the word for the Moon (Moon, Mond, Luna) can apply to any moon in the solar system, Greek has a word which only applies to this Moon; Selene
It's a very interesting situation
Istanbul is a really great place to visit (and you should visit it) but it can wait for after they fix their shit.
US's current stance completely undermines EU integrity
I can confirm this comment is accurate
Throw out Belarusian ambassadors NOW
But most of the time you have to also use a name from an orthodox Saint, like Mary or Constantine
What bullshit
You can't just ride a bus and buy a ticket inside
But
Its simple,  easy to remember and to draw, with historical meaning etc
I doubt that it will be bluer than Attica
I mean supposing you go to sleep around 23:00, aren't you awfully hungry again by then
No, Its something *more* that the typical love/hate relationship people normally have with their place.
Good news though with the Corona virus not many people use it and it is a 2/10 rather a -100/10( source: I live in Thessaloniki)
not all journalists are like that sadly
There's no way someone hasn't heard malaka being said by a Greek in TV or a game
Because of the smell it's much only served in special stores that are open only late at night.
I don't know why are you so hostile man, I really hope your life improves
Well I think the Macedonian empire leans more to good but of course it was an empire how good could it be for the ppl they enslaved
- listen to greek music (I mean at all)
I think other Greek users can answer this question way better but I'll try.
Yeah,just done marinading the lamb ribs with my father.Gonna roast them in an hour or so.I love this day !
Yeah i hear that souvlaki places in the states can be hit or miss a lot
I guess people took the tv show and his role really seriously
Absolute chad
>Yeah, the average was 28
That's the difference
Its not just North European tourists, but tourists in general.
I wouldn't say the USA are a threat, even though that Trump is a complete idiot.
Άλλος sounds the same as if we'd say άλος.
It will be useful if you invent a time machine.
For Greece,
There are a lot of expressions about shiting yourself in fear like "I'm shiting out potatoes" or "I'm shiting out soap bars"
BTW Can you elaborate on why you feel nauseous
In fact the prospect of yielding to Turkish interests is called filnandization over here
The two systems are not directly comparable.
Ironically in Greek politics, the left side is just as xenophobic as the right side as Pasok and Syriza both hate or ridicule Germany, the UK, France, the US etc while the centre-right side only cares about money and would sell everything out
Giorgos -> Giorgákis
Name
Except that they talk in absolute terms not relative
Perhaps we should examine it in relation to how broken the people think their own system is
/r/WTF
TIL that due to EU regulations, EU eggs are about 50 times less likely to contain pathogens such as salmonella than American eggs
I wish we could copy Norway's policies and Netherlands' bike-friendliness
Huh, didn't know it had a name
But in the wake of this week’s events, the government announced it would send its migration minister, Yiannis Mouzalas, to Chios over the weekend.
Wrote one of the most influencial books of all times when it comes to culture.
Well then the whole thread is pointless because no country had stabilised into their modern borders in 900 AD
Agean from what I noticed event updated their wings to end with a swipe up which is a 2% fuel saving trick that had started appearing in aircrafts in the last 2 decades
I'm not even in some obscure suburb of Athens, it's just an absolute aeon to get where I'm going for some reason
that response tells everything tbh
Really sad,and predictable strategy
Chaos from the crowd
It means to the city or into the city.
Ok so:
People who do display the flag constantly are more often than not pretty right-wing
We also say στην άλλη άκρη του κόσμου which means at the other edge/side of the world
Edit: Good thinking from your part for adding the dosage caution
[72]
So it's OK that 30% of those immigrants support the enemy that their own country is fighting
>For a corrupt country like mine, EU is the only chance to have someone slap our politicians' wrist when they become too greedy
Tbf, dissing the Austrians was a pretty damn popular thing to do if you were a poet in the XIXth century:
Most turks are fine but there's a very vocal minority that has a pretty big superiority complex
) = It rao naiei (Tawh meti se ti
η (i), which means "the" (singular feminine)
Kazantzakis
Cool dude
Everyone likes what they like what is your problem
We only see reports up until now.
50 means 80
In the winter the snow was very bad quality in my opinion it melted easily but now it seems thicker
ex yugoslavia left the thread
So now we stop fighting about Macedonia and start fighting about Moldova
I disagree with the concept of banning clothing in public.
I respect your opinion but please no
Also they should have been more informed about him
Colombia also has a giant star in Shakira so that makes them a superpower.
I guess you could merge with Lichtenstein
Deep down, I think we all agree on this, we are just to stubborn to say it out loud
There really wasn't hate in her words, just legitimate concern and sadness
Crete, Volos, Thessaloniki for food, and eat everything
Men and women sit separately in cafes even in Trabzon
The only possible candidate is Thessaloniki but it's too far north , anything other than Athens doesn't make much sense economically, geographically and even Strategically
Nobody in the world has ever seen reports on the cars burned by anarchists
[Here] is something even crazier
Lol , I and many others said that I disagree with this generalization and that doesn't represent the majority of Americans
" Ummmm
Yeah right the south is decadent and the north has hard working moral people.
Austria is a bit further away from the ocean.
Um, Google
It was a proposition that came into play in 2016 not 2015 (when Tsipras and his companions thought they could blackmail EU), and wasn't quite a formal proposal too.
However, countless Macedonians (mostly who live near the border) cross everyday to come shop here and what not
Spain and Greece recognize Kosovo passports though.
No one gives a shit that you look white.
"Χέστηκα" (Ch**e**stika), which literally translates to "I shat myself". This one's the most common one I could come up with
Her party is filled with delusionals (or simply self serving crooks), that prefer a hard Brexit over a fair deal
It originally comes from Greek, and it means something like "untouchable"
I can't stress this enough, if you're planning on visiting Greece, focus on the north
2 dío
In general turks have nothing in common with the old turkic nomad tribes.
It ain't 400 BC anymore
I searched it, but no luck
AKA "Plato's cave in the Greek suburbia with incest"
Best flag imo
The west suburbs and the rest of the center are well known to be a shit hole tho
I'll go for 2 people, because they go as a pair
I thought I would just reply directly to OP since I felt like I could relate to them as we are both Greek and both have a "story" taking place in London
Many people worked on this please do not try to get credit for it
now with ancient valor rising
My wife's family does puy the fish in the bathtub.
Well, smoking rules do not apply to anyone in Greece to be fair ... when there are so many smokers, people stop caring, so it is not a privilege at the very least
Cold (or iced) coffees are extremely popular here throughout the year and there is no cafe where you wouldn't find them (except for, maybe, a traditional kafeneion in some village)
Being an actor in Greece is a drama
1830 actually
That's like begging to get robbed
By whom
This is going to be, again, such a nice "discussion" with so many new aspects we've never seen before here on r/europe.
Nice anime
I AM NOT DEFENDING CRIMINALS YOU ABSOLUTE DIMWIT, THAT'S YOU
I believe snails are very tasty in whichever way they are cooked, not having tried the French way though
Well this is the dillhema that always arises in this context for example in the cheap clothing discussion
Unlike Trump, she's an actual racist leading a racist party created by her racist father.
Edit: wording
What's the definition of cool and how the hell is Exarchia in the list?
edited
Luxembourg,Finland,Italy,Spain,Greece
Good questions and I don't think there are definitive answers, but here are some guesses:
Unlike many languages where the word for the Moon (Moon, Mond, Luna) can apply to any moon in the solar system, Greek has a word which only applies to this Moon; Selene
went a bit faster than that on some of the long, straight stretches
Spain's political leader's cat
The last years have been horrible though
i hAte EverYthIng
We don’t have it lol
Jesus Christ, we went on exactly the same trip in 12th grade and I’d say that Slovakia was absolutely the highlight
and personally i hate how boring the [Greek ones] are
But go on, bulldoze your way through my post with your hyperbole.
Never tried it, but I am all for British scones and fish & chips
We oficially lost independence when the Romans came - the battle of Corinth in 146 BC marks the beginning of Roman domination
Why are Turkey, Serbia and Russia so similar?
What about Catalans
(Edit:added more)
Έχεις δίκιο. Συνειδητοποίησα τώρα ότι το Ηράκλειο πχ στα Αγγλικά είναι Heraklion
We had a blast
Alexander the Great, who conquered everything from Egypt to modern Pakistan
There is no taxation of German products like with american products lets say so theyre almost cheaper than Greek ones and this is hurting Greek factories
It is standard in Greece
Even through ancient times if you wanted the best archers money could buy you bought Cretan archers.
So our shoes didn't touch anything other than the floor when we were indoors
But as I said earlier this might change if it's very windy outside
BTW How is life in Japan
Greek culture nowadays is nothing but drinking coffee...
They are an ethnoreligious people , they are an ethnicity and a religion, but definitely not a race
Great public transport (although expensive)
Wasn't bad at all
I want to thank Germany for helping us achieve this great goal
I guess our personalities kinda match
This comment section is literally:
some very small islands that Greece took since 2004
A lot of nationalistic idiots spewing their hatred in the comments
For first centuries of Ottoman rule that no official data exist, sources mention Ioannina, Patras, Rhodes and Heraklion but probably that has to do with the fact they were the last Greek cities to fall
Fight me
It was first called Heracleum after Crete became a Roman province
sounds to me like classic misinformation tactics
As you were earlier informed, Salamis hosts Greece's biggest naval base
My mistake
For Greece,
I do occasionally scour through them but whenever I actually need something, it's their site that I'll use-much easier
Just look it up on r/urbanhell
As a teenager in the 90's I can assure you that you are gravely mistaken.
Yeah most of our government is corrupt as hell and doesn't even do what we want them to
I've worked at a couple taverns and I can attest that people like ordering it more than making it, probably because it has a tendency to turn kitchens into war zones
Just to be clear this is not supposed to attack Germany but the eu structure
It was good to clarify cause as far as ancient large castles go we have [Akrocorinth] :)
Don't call us 5
[ harmless-or-racist/
I'm loving this game we're playing
They alone are underprivileged compared to the public ones.
But we are closest to the Turkish every day life than any other Country in EU.
I left Greece 7 years ago and still to this day I get sad when I realise the country that once upon a time promoted science, medicine and democracy now promotes extreme ideologies, lack of education and a tendency to believe that we are the best in world and everyone else is wrong when we clearly have failed over and over again for many decades to achieve even smallest level of healthy growth and development
Never  knew it could be a name of an album
&#x200B;
He doesn't seem like the thinker type anyway.
They sounds so damn nice though
I love the sea and the sun
puzza = something like "you smell",
An amazing day to you too ;)
It's not wrong or anything, but there are major differences
To our actual name "Hellas"
2020 be like: I still have some time to fuck em up
Neptune = Ποσειδώνας (Posidonas/Posidon)
The new legislation revising the bankruptcy code
Greece needs to repay that money back...
They did a similar study with similar correlations back when Golden Dawn was running in Greece and got a good amount of votes
I wasn't being bitter, I disagreed.
Because of a sizeable turkish minority who wanted either a union with Turkey (the same way Greek Cypriots wanted a union "enosis" with Greece) or an independent state to be formed (at the time Cyprus was under UK rule).
As for the medieval times, I totally agree with you
The way I understand it, Putin has been supporting Eurosceptic parties all around Europe in the last few years in various ways, since a divided EU serves the interests of Russia.
Russia is already occupying territory of three of its neighbours.
Not when it comes to numbers though
Someone broke the climate
How does this officially happen
Do they have any seats
To me ouzo together with grilled octopus is the ultimate Greek summertime meal and it is also very popular around here
I like steamed buns
I think that since you are both atheists thing are fine,  because I have the impression ( correct me if I am wrong)  like some differences ( like gender roles , religious customs etc)  that they have and we don't have exist due to Islam and (Erdogan), but I think that's mostly true for far eastern rural parts of Turkey
I'm not idolizing it, I am well aware that it is a modern city with modern problems and not a picturesque land out of a carte postale
So frontex is OK, but fence is not allowed because it reflects bad ?
So churches generally don't advertise
Bah, who needs Soros when we have Sorras?
we have a babyface PM that acts like a child, very fitting.
In [Glyfada] a 325  **m²** (sq
Facing straight up they wouldn't look that dickish.
Personally the thing that I mostly dislike is that this subject  wasn't very objective, because it gave too much emphasis on Christianity
Maybe I'll move if I decide to do master's or a PhD in an other european country but (unless I meet someone or something like that) I don't think I'll stay abroad longer than I have to
Back when I was in school in the 90s we also did a bunch of Religious History (mostly medieval) in a ton of depth, especially the relationship between Orthodox and Catholic church
"Apo kseno topo ki apo alargino"
Up to 3 names are allowed and 2 last names but I have seen some fields having more than one name, thus cheating the system
How are jail conditions in Ireland
Giancarlo Esposito is form Naples too
Germany
No houses or any other modern-ish looking building
Sorry, but you are all Hollanders for us
It sounds like a mixture of Macedonian, Bulgarian and Serbian
I live near Athens, so we get either sleet, rain or snow that doesn't get blanketed (if that is the term)
Whether kalamaki should be called "kalamaki" or "souvlaki".
The flavors are getting fancier and fancier, a month ago a friend of mine had a flavor of melomakarono (it's a traditional christmas dessert).
Austria also exported Adolf Hitler
and Trieste = Τεργέστη = Teryesti
“We do not need a show of strength.
Esy ginesai kseftila me tis malakies pou les.
That's a nice city you got there
Στη θάλασσα τη γαλανή
The problem is that most of your country votes for imperialists.
I understand the more of it but no the first part ( I think it's a Greek expression, but I can't remember it)
The shortest I could think of is [έπαινοι] lit
This whole chunk of words you wrote is wrong on so many levels...
Right, it's [vodka bottle] shaped!
Guys with €€€ have been already sending their children to private universities for decades now, just in other countries
>of your own anarcho-fascists sympathizers
Yeah, it kinda is still and while i understand where it stems from it's a bit too much
Use sunscreen and fans
It has a very good fame even for Greeks.
They're usually subbed - only children's movies are dubbed
So the chancellor is going to be from the green party
> even Ross couldn't all though he had all of Thanksgiving
We also have those with the peppers but not with anchovies , I think .
Happy cake day
Fuck that hit me hard
There was also a monk seal mascot for Samos, but that poor thing was killed
Yeah
In hot weather you get sweaty just by sitting at the computer
Makriyiannis
Also that pick you used is mis-leading, the Turkish portrait looks like an average Mediterannean person from either Spain, Portugal, Greece or Southern Italy.
BTW I want to say to some commenters that just because someone assumes that you are from France when you speak French this doesn't meant that this person thinks that French is only spoken in France
That's only in the South, in Thessaloniki there's no stupid pencil
The lyrics are also mostly inspired by folk music
It's a bit uncommon I think
Me too
And you may skip Sparti, there's not much to see unfortunately since building monuments, stadiums and palaces was not high in their list of war, war, war and war.
Woah, I am really out of the loop, what happened
I haven't tried living in another country to know for sure but that's what usually happens I guess so yeah :p
big cars like those Jeep makes
e.g.
How is Greece not a "real" European country?
Σας ευχαριστούμε (We thank you/You)
Are they gonna invade German territorial waters too?
I adore it
After 8km, I would assume you are somewhat sweaty and you wouldn't be wearing your work clothes while cycling either way
So propably just Italy, France (not always), Spain, Portugal, Cuprus and Malta (?)
Greece has to do what Schauble's audience wants otherwise he won't be reelected!
Yeah, I just wrote the official names of the parties
I had a medical circumcision in my teenage years and it was so painful, it took me about a month to stop feeling that pain
if reddit was based in some european countries you could be fined for it.
I am 18 years old, and I'm in the third grade of Lyceum
how dare you say the earth doing a lap around the sun means nothing!
"un-German" somehow, it wasn't as clean and orderly as I expected - Dresden was that and much more beautiful too in contrast
Greece prepares the merry decorations!
Having money
Some wrong pronunciations that I have heard over the years and find extremely funny are: choir (tsoh-eer), island (is+land, which makes no sense bc it's not land), cigarette (ts-igarette) and picture (peek-tu-reh)
Για πες μου, τι εκανε η Βρετανια στην Κυπρο; Γιατι εγω απο οσο ξερω οι Κυπριοι δεν ηταν και αγγελουδια.
I know Finnish has this as well, but it's still rare
I won't say much on that because it may come out as me hating on Americans which is not my intention
Σας ευχαριστούμε (We thank you/You)
That's why you pay ~€86 for the privilege of having a passport for 5 years, and a document that isn't a complete mess
Parties of hate speech lead to parties of murder
Welcome to Greece
So it's not that we don't eat them, but then you are working for minimum wage and a gazillion of hours of course the average Greek won't eat Mousaka every week
still weird though
u/teddyroar I demand at least half your upvotes
There are laws that dictate what the punishment for a theft is.
I loved the moomins as a kid.When i sit and think about it the cartoons i watched where from all over the place.USSR ,USA,Finland,Japan,France,Belgium,Poland etc.
Merchant republics were fun but I enjoy them more in modded games like Elder Kings or the late Birthright
Wow, I don't even have to add anything,  that's pretty much it
We mostly have American and British movies, but  occasional they show French movies and I there also times that they show movies from other European countries like Italian movies
Edit: in our alphabet lowercase z is ζ and capital Z is Ζ so this only applies to capital
If it's sunny not rainy then above 20 C I am comfortable, but sometimes even above 16 C if it's higher than 20 C during the rest of the day
Do they think that's weird
Turkey could also have the Kurdish flag
There are more Greek Restaurants in the UK alone, than British Restaurants in the rest of the world
Athens in general as a city
Woah, this is my OC from way back in the day
**Discastang**
Not exactly
I was seriously triggered at the "panta rei" pronunciation!
1821, we should never go independent
Some coffee variations are really milky and/or sweet.
I'm so relieved for this, but also horrified that the vault collapsed so close to it
Not only the centers
Nah, but anti- German sentiment is strong in small villages that suffered the atrocities of the Nazi
13 euros), you couldn't spend it all in a day
We still call it ''Mikra Asia'' in Greek, meaning Asia Minor
I personally think it blends in very well in a design with lines and generally it remains discrete and nice
Wow, you must have hit a nerve if someone made a throwaway just to shit-talk you...
After all those years they "still need to protect their people" sure
Sounds like free enterprise to me
Yes
Hopefully most of Turkey still feels that way...
Megali Idea and Kurdistan live
I spent a year in Glasgow and the first time in Edinbruh I am with a friend walking around the city and  after about 3 hours of walking we realised that we have been in that spot again (I think we were in front of that parthenon replica building)
this is not true, only the first government cried for the bailout, from then on each and every government said no more
This includes pancreases, hearts, lungs, kidneys, and is grilled
Yeah I remember seeing some turkish loot in the museum in Vienna (or was it Budapest)
Mycenaeans were Greek you know...
It's about police violence against blacks, not about hillary or trump
German movies is something unusual here
sorry for your loss
There used to be three or four different dialects from Asia minor but they are mostly/almost dead because of the Greek genocide and uprooting
They served their purpose in past elections, now they can be dismissed
And from what I gather more each every year, I don't remember that much fanfare the last one.
nah
In Greece learning English is a thing for years now and most of us are fluent with a slightly accent
So take my upvote
I'm in
a tad bit too popular
It's not something unique , but I lie it [
Athens is only worthwhile in moderation unfortunately
It's like one of those 'Russian invasion' alternate history maps.
It's mostly older folks, but it is on the decline with them too anyway
I personally have family friends from USA and I also sometimes speak with Americans online (like here on reddit)
It's definitely not a rose garden but this article presents greek hospitals a place someone goes to die in rather than be cured.
I don't know Latin, basically like in Spanish
Anyway, if that hadn't happen we would have done it for sure in 2,5 days, with stops for sleep
e.g.
Question: Is it true that most Yugoslav Partisans were Croats?
They just don't have the experience we do, you know
Hope the future will be brighter
Make the Kalmar Union great again!
I am never late
The UK is still in the continent of Europe and WW2 was also fought in Europe
They were declared a criminal organization recently
I just said that the parties evolve.
HAVING TO FOLLOW A SPECIFIC SET OF RULES BECAUSE OTHERWISE THE WHOLE COUNTRY'S HEALTH WILL SPIRAL OUT OF CONTROL
The moment of the announcement:	<Golden Dawn is a criminal organization>.
or if we really really stretch it and adopt some kind of Hellenoturkist neo-byzantine shit, Cyprus and Greece.
That you managed to hold your indepedence is a win versus an army that a couple years later would wreck Germany.
Reminds me of when German newspapers were publishing a photoshopped Athena statue showing the middle-finger with the Greek flag in the background several years ago
If there wasn't a pandemic it would be way easier for me, it will probably take me around 2 years
Still one of my favorite space cartoons ever.
Stylianos Gonatas
This is patented in Balkans
While not being perfect the LDP would be a nice alternative to the AKP/CHP/MHP crazies.
I always lock it at night though, and the door of the building gets locked after 11pm too
I can certainly talk to Cypriots even though there's a chance they'll only understand me without me understanding them
You better believe Russia wiould back Turkey in order to throw EU into disarray
I know, my point is that Greeks weren't and aren't lazy.
*Nobody* is 100% certain
i dont think we should
Well the world order couldn't last forever.
Also I would like to move to USA because in some professions it's one of the countries with highest salaries, and I also like it for other reasons
tldr: The report based off the investigation will now head to the Supreme Court where criminal investigations and proceedings can take place for individuals.
But the one every single Greek absolutely knows is [this one] from the third siege of Messologhi from the revolution of 1821
But that is not what i think so.
I think all around Europe people abandon countryside moving to cities
For example, both my parents (Greek & Italian), especially my dad can be annoying with different cuisines, just because they judge them based on *their* standards, which are pretty much strictly Greek & Italian
might wana read the article to find out what the thread is about...
Are the plants state owned or privately owned, how old are the reactors
Greeks can check and tell me if I need to change anything
you dont want to live the experience of losing 3/4 of you wage, having in effect no vacations or social security rights and no protection from getting fired..
> I think you mean that because of US regulations, US eggs are 50 times more likely to contain pathogens
They just upload their slides and/or notes on eclass and that's it
the body parts are in demunitive
There used to be a small one in Athens but now it's underneath a big avenue
Meuh not sure, Freddo Espresso is pretty dominant in Greece these days.Frappe is dying..
Angela my baby, in my nightmare, you look like my most beautiful and living dream
I have voted one time on each election ( National, European, Regional, Municipal)  and I voted for the party that I was closest ideologically and has a chance to enter the parliament and I preferred for each case, even though I may had some disagreements
In theory, yes maybe, but like communism, in practice things are way more different.
Yeah I guess because british cars are so much bett
The first is the one in the photo and the second is the one behind it.
looks like a warzone
&#x200B;
The current borders were shaped as much with conquest and re-conquest as with treaties
Don't get me wrong, it's a beautiful island, just overhyped
>How is the Mexican food
The only letters that might be difficult to pronounce for (non-English) learners are δ (/ð/) and θ (/θ/)
08-0
One  detainee at Patras prison in May 1945 writes simply this: “They beat me  furiously on the soles of my feet until I lost my sight
Bosniaks were even more secular than you.
Do you write 'α' or 'a' ?
With so many snowy landscapes here, I thought I'd share the sunny beach I'm lying now near Athens :)
At this point I only browse subs about Europe and some gaming subreddits because I literally have no idea what people are talking about
There is a compilation video of greek being spoken in different tv series or movies
Greek music and dances are very diverse but still unique
as it was created specially for that purpose
Theresa May: "He [Jeremy Corbyn] can lead a protest, I am leading a country"
The fact that their second in command (Christos Pappas) managed to escape police custody and still hasn't been caught, despite the fact that everyone was [assudered] such thing could never happen
A Souvlaki or spaghetti with minced meat
The same goverment that closed our banks and fucks up everything it touches?How can you?!?!?
And you have to think that if you dug even deeper you will find Ancient Greek/Macedonian structures
Ios and Mikonos islands
Sit on *your* eggs : Mind your own business
What he said and it shows in their current political turmoil.
Greece has the largest merchant fleet in the world
Almost all the time, it's hard to get completely rid of your original accent
Skam (when done well) just offers itself for some great commentary on the society it concerns, while bringing to light some very interesting issues teenagers face . Considering how diverse life in each European country can be, I think that it would be great to have more "Skams" that retain the main ideas while deviating from the clear cut plot progression of the original show
Fun fact: We don’t like our government either ...
I was expecting only downvotes because r/europe
Have you ever been there
It’s safer
For example 130
it has stabilized in a quite low point
Kalamata is not like Chalkidiki, I just like it
Oh yeah, i agree with you
I have an environmental engineering degree, but I seriously think of applying
It is when the European people started leaving the Medieval behind them
I didn't do it on purpose, I wanted to look gorgeous and kept missing the damn busses (I lived 2 hours away from him)
&#x200B;
But I have to make it clear that this idea is copyrighted .
Story in English
I belong to the 40% (roughly) of voters who choose not to vote
Always on Holy Saturday at midnight there's a vast cacophony of fireworks typically around churches
in "Europe" in the graph you mix the data of countries with good transparent data and a fuck ton of testing with countries that werent that transparent and did lower testing
Well, states still exist in federalist unions, like the US for example
* Attica: Big city problems, rude, touristic, yells at drivers, fast paced, thinks they are better than Thessaloniki, needs stuff to happen **NOW
I mean the US isn't a utopia, but it's definitely better than my own country's system
True but the priests constantly claim that almost all (99%) of the Greeks are Christian and that Greek = Christian as a general rule.
Brilliant
I don't know for sure
You've seen nothing, my dude
He might not be wrong on that - if it takes a few years until A50 is initiated, it might have a chance.
That one of the Kourites named Herakles who acted like bodyguard or baby Zeus and the city is named after him
As you just said, Norway and Switzerland disprove this
Who needs a garage when you have a living room
Mousaka takes a lot of time to prepare so naturally you don't have time or are willing to do it in middle of the week
In English I can know how a word is spelled if it's used in a sentence based on context
Enjoy our debts
The first time any type of "Greece" existed was when we declared independence from the Turks
That is how it is in America too
Why would it be
She told that that she harbors no negative feelings for those not responsible, but she wouldn't be at ease at the possibility that a Turk or Turkish Cypriot that would be her closed friend or loved one would end up being related to the people who killed her Grandmother for no reason
OK , I just thought that it may not be common to drink milk in the place you live, based on your response, but now I understand that's a personal thing about you
When you elect you basically take a gamble to see if they will actually keep their word
The form of κάμνει το που ζήλια doesn't exist in Greece
Also majority of people live Athens
The sanctions on Belarus will be imposed, whether it is today or in two weeks time, that won't really make a difference
16 of them are cultural
Mitsotakis is as libertarian as you can get in ND.
I think it is safe to say he wasn't particularly "healthy" either.
In what way are they autonomous
This is why im usually upset when the same people who made fun of those denying the facts about coronavirus, are now keeping their eyes shit and fear monger that the US is having a huge increase in cases where the cases are actually going down (ill explain why)
(Greece)
Here it'd feel like wanting to get something stolen, idk, I always bring my bag up front and mind the zippers
Being both Mediterranean, I expected that this would also be the case in the country that has graced our lives with espresso and cappuccino
No, it wouldn't, but Galipso would work, as gali is ancient Greek for cat
Feta
Tl;dr Film student gets phone intentionally stolen.
A NATO without the US would be weak.
Disputes like Kosovo are discussed mostly on the internet anyway.
Pros: Good food, lots of sun, landscape diversity (mountains and beaches), most people are kind and outgoing
After that I kept all my later computers and devices in English even today
Actually the Turkish army captured Greek cypriots and imprisoned them or tortured them or even executed them
What do you mean they cant come back
Usually coastal areas or islands don't have that good of a quality water and buy bottled
Yeah, that’s a real word, suuuuure
Bulgaria
Where are they from
And the same is happening in Bulgaria.
Keep up the good work
Chalkidiki: No place like it, according to the Thessalonikians
Take something like the 4th crusade and the Byzantine successor states
Hahaha I got you bro
especialy if you're in a small town and you do something stupid everyone will know before sunset
Καλή ιδέα και αυτό!
Famoosh
Lots of my friends are from Albania, I even visited once
What does Greece and Turkey have to do with this ?
We were never taught that ancient greeks built their civilization on slavery and unpaid woman work
What a horrible place
No soy hispanohablante nativo pero he aprendido español
And in northern Greece
Years 1-2 you are still baby so at most you learn some ancient Greek mythology
This is clearly butter on the liberals' bread.
If you don't like hearing Greeks talking then I can't help you, I myself don't like hearing Italians because I dislike the language but I'm not calling them out.
•world
You could do a nice summer tour of finland and the baltics.
Yep that's correct
Funny, considering there are many salt mines in the surrounding areas
This was very expected to be honest
and over and over again, even through different subjects (such as ancient literature)
>“Some other countries, headed by Germany, said that in view of discussion at the European Council on the whole spectrum of EU-Turkey relations, their approach, of the German Chancellor, is that this issue is referred to the European Council,” Christodoulides said
He's Cypriot, but from what I know he grew up in Spain I think, and learned greek later in his life, so that explains his accent, so yeah, if you want to perfect your accent just know that his is not 100% native
ii) An Ottoman Sultan sent him a letter asking him to surrender, so he responded "I asked my dick and he said no".
>Do you have something similar in southern Europe
Also there some bike friendly cities like Trikala   [
Although (as a history lover) I was aware of it, the fact that we had a brutal civil war in the late 40s was never even mentioned at our school
London and Paris
Greek police is always armed,with hand guns
And about a dozen glass windows as well
έκανες δουλειά του ποδαριού (you did a foot's job - no pun intended) - when someone does something (mainly a job/assignment) poorly
The animosity and coldness of the people is insufferable
And all the English restaurants around the world
I personally don't have any reason to believe in any attempt to deify Ataturk but I have to admit that he is a very interesting historical figure and wouldn't be surprised if it is indeed true.
Jesus ,how old age you
For him its not just a chance Russia will become more aggresive, but they are already crossing the border.
And whenever I say something about Germany or being born in Germany some people have this look in there face like this is very unpleasant for them, so to speak
Exactly, with a public debt and your own currency, you're biggest debtor is your own people, similar to Japan or the US
As for eggs, they are usually not in the fridge when in store but we refrigerate them at home if we don't intend on using them all within the next day or two
And that is dangerous because in that way you delegitimize the system (capitalism) that provides the resources needed for the welfare state to exist.
I was saying the opposite though, haha
He drove to the hospital, scoffing every time he saw a crucifix bumper sticker and made sure to situate his fedora before he got out, parking in between two disability slots
not a location but we call pork tenderloin "psaronefri" (ψαρονέφρι) which literally means fish kidney and no one understands why
That's true, but I think that almost half of English words have Latin/Romance root
I am sure no person in earth finds sitting down in the bear sand with no shade for 10+ hours remotely pleasuring
And now we have probes all over space now
It is like the debate if Alexander the Great was blonde as he is described as Xanthos but he was in fact a very dark dirty blonde, as you can see in [the only known portrait of him
I have being called an Albanian by 4 different Serb users.
Normally I should be afraid cause of the movie reference and the symbolism but I will accept it because I am so poor that I have nothing else to eat and I believe that a horse head would be a nice and tasty meal
Greek food is actually heavily on the vegetarian side tho
Athens-Thessaloniki rivalry is a classic
FINALLY a truly greek-wit comment
I am not talking only about the law
Whenever I am in Europe people give me a side look, they can't believe that it's an official document lol
Greece
I don't really watch the news in TV but as far as I know, Belarus wasn't even mentioned
Source: live in Birmingham
You research a random word we use in our every day conversations and 3 out of 5 times there's always an ancient myth or story behind it
Do you have something equivalent in your country
Yes, this
There are "sources" as they are called, small extra patches of history for a number of topics and the book does have much history for all that I mentioned but we mostly skip or just mention many of the above
The name my is Dimitris and am from the Greece
But still we are in a bad place and we need to improve and progress .
Both greece and turkey are usually very civil on reddit and we usually end up exchanging wishes and/or heart emojis if Thephalanx23 doesn't join the thread
And about the protests, I'm supporting them ofc
Belarus maintains close relations with Russia and relatively good ones with EU too.
No it's a cig, in Greece majority of people roll up their cigarettes
That's strange
I love you
I was going in an English school but I learned English from video games, music and English news sources
But if he is a white nationalist why are there black people who support him
See-la is the best way I can translate the pinyin over to easily-digestible English.
They were convicted as a criminal organization
As for your second point, I saw in the other comments that you weren't a communist, it wasn't meant as an accusation but rather a general point
Here max was 22 oC today
I love the culture and it is a very beautiful country in general
Saint Nicholas for Catholics/Protestants etc and Saint Basil for the Orthodox
And at the end of the day the healthcare system is mixed.
Same goes most dishes you'll find in a tavern
You're not
Anti-fascist raids 50
Remember, before the Slavic invasions, Serbia was mainly inhabited by Latin speaking people called Vlahs.
We have gone on day trips there once or twice growing up
The "funny" thing is that while my grandparents were starving they would see the Germans bring large quantities of food for their own consumption
Greece with all this overtaxing shitstorm nowadays has more than 50% in general goods (24% VAT and 26% for the first grade of the income tax, it can go higher), and something insane like 67% on Fuel and over 80% in alcoholic drinks and tobacco.
The comment about fingerprints was added by the OP, not the newspaper.
Athens
When, let's say, 5 members use their power and influence to shift the entire union towards their desired outcome is no longer a Democratic system but an Oligarchic one
We may still have financial services, some cars, tourism, education, but we are steadily falling behind
Since this definition requires opposite sexes to be married and if it's changed it will have impications to other laws
There's always a bit of truth and history in every Greek myth
Avoiding Greece's bankrupcy by getting new loans to pay the olds you only help the bank who holds your loans especially whem the "generous" lender gave you the money on the condition to reduce your income ( who lends money and asks this?
That's the reality of many Greek roads
They are all synonym for greek
They were tried for running a criminal organization in order to commit crimes
Supposedly they want Sharia and general Islamisation, but how they think they are gonna make us accept it by killing us and making us more pissed at them is another story.
US stepping in to ease Greece, Turkey tensions, Devlet Bahceli uses provocative language
So, here's the sad truth
smart
LOL
Do you support any sides
Maybe they still hope that he will change something for good because he is president for a short time
Since 2014, I've liked none of our songs
I guess that counts as little .
Seems pretty conservative
But this is mostly an excuse Greek people use to be associated with rich European countries
I can easily say brød but I can't for the fucking life of me say hedder
Also, try finding a European country in which private universities are not officially recognized
Really cool, what does the notebook say
Medieval Greek, I understand with a few problems, although usually it's because they wrote it weirdly, without gaps or with shortened words
Didn't the Turkish public notice the Greeks were still eating it
using fingerless gloves while typing really hard
It's completely normal, except if you live in specific areas where the water is dirty
Idk but the one I find more fascinating is the eruption of the [Thera Volcano] on Santorini Island
Greek people will never recognize it as a country
I just picture the EU, a map of it, and that one picture with the flags lined up
Face to face discussion sucks
We were never taught that ancient greeks built their civilization on slavery and unpaid woman work
This is how colonial territories work
Greece needs to create the ground-work that actually promote this type of entrepreneurship.
Can anyone acquire it with a formal process?
Serbs wanted a bigger Serbia, to the loss of Bosnia & Croatia, and that's all ALL it was.
When we first started dating, he he'd get livid with me getting to the date late
Yeah but there are so many poor people in the US bringing the median down.
Well thay have a point when NATO set up a puppet state within their borders
That's Cyprus
Of course they had a lot of will of freedom but in my opinion Serbia would be better under Austrians than independent at the time.
This is a deja-vu in my Greek eyes
Anything that can be considered cheap in a low quality sense will be memed as being from lidl
It's economy might be smaller than Europe's but they have influence and a strong military.
Noted that in the Balkan wars, he protected the Turkish unarmeds from the Bulgarians
I like to eat milk with cereals for breakfast
Western Roman Empire (Western European countries)
British tabloids are making this story up to continue their anti-eu propaganda.
As is the case with all member states
But I think that they mods should have added more categories, because now some ideologies are underrepresented
English: Thank you
And why focus so much on Christianity, basically making it like church but worse bc it's school
We really aren't tho
There are others who have lost their jobs and have trouble to pay all of their expenses on time and others who can afford all the basic things and can't afford something more like holidays, buying new phone often etc
Even though Athens is the city with the most theaters i would like more theater opportunities and performing arts in general like Berlin and the England in general
Κωρωνα η γραμματα, crown or letters
Come to think of it, the average Russian might have been better off if the government wasn't in a military spending frenzy all the time
I don't think it would since it's just ruins and walls, but if it does then one
>We also use Merenda (Nutella knock off)
Our landlord was a known prick but when he died we found out he was giving a ton of money every month to Unicef when he didn't really have much
It isn't recognized as a genocide, while what happened to the Armenians is a genocide and is recognized as such
Must be a crazy indeed
'Tragic development': EU may fall apart due to failed neo-liberal policies - Noam Chomsky to RT
plus the turnout is that high because you're obliged to go vote and that obligation is enforced i think
Poor households in Greece also burn all kind of combustibles in order to keep warm, some even mdfs.
So I thought maybe my account is not yet available
Our people are constantly fighting with each other
I can't see the image
I sometimes mix Greek with English because I forget some Greek words and it's easier to just use the English version
Looks like someone clicked the wrong trade offer.Now you must wait for the diplomat to return and a month(EU 4) before you can do it the right way!
If you had 5000 drachmas(aprox
Spain will build a wall on the border and make Portugal pay for it!
All of these have roots within the Greek Civil War
I have no idea what they say most of the time though
Merry Christmas everyone
Yeah by paying blood tax and paying jizya.
Fluffy or chewy
His name in greek means grave (τάφος) btw
They are an ethnoreligious people , they are an ethnicity and a religion, but definitely not a race
So on the one hand you have the erasing of thousands of years of greek history in Anatolia
Ancient Greek(stone tablets, scrolls, vases etc)I can read but I understand only a few words, maybe a sentence max
* /e/ can be made with ε or αι
” He entered into the room where his grandmother was lying and drawing her last breaths
True, Greeks are not religious at all.
Meanwhile thousands of ancient Greek and Eastern roman artifacts (which they took by conquering and murdering thousands of us) chilling in Western Europe
So let’s hope justice prevails
I did a year in the University of Patras and 5 in ATEI of Thessaly.
There cant be any badly executed public projects if the projects themselves get stuck in standard bureocratic procedures for a decade or two
(he was about our age)
Also most people don't dress like these photos
Oh definitely fridge
To my knowledge it's originaly a South Italian saying and not a Greek one, if that answers your question
They do foreign policy by bullying, blackmailing, threatening and invading, and they seem to think that this is perfectly normal and international law is "unfair" to them
Are we going to use compressed fart gases then
Turkish minister: Defend European values
I see what they did there
China has no friends, does she
Shush Kebab Raki, I'm just saying that to get more pity loans.
Where do i sign my good sir
It's weird to have dictatorship within Europe nowadays, especially when the other leaders look away
I have enjoyed the food in Belgrade, Serbia and in Dubrovnik, Croatia (oh my, I just remembered that I have had a to-die-for shellfish experience in Mali Ston, Croatia
Already msg'd the mods and they took down the OC tag, so there's that
I knew about Polish and Lithuanians having a presence in Dublin, but not about Brazilians
*does anyone know what happens to female cats and birds
Ώπα ρε, από την Τουρκία είναι το Άϊ σιχτίρ που λένε οι γιαγιάδες;
We also have good tap water
For the most part it's just a school subject everyone hates lol
BTW That bridge in the background is one of the most popular bungee jumping spots
The problem was the government abusing entry into the Euro and bankrupting the state with artificially low interest rate loans.
I remember seeing the images of the Glücksburgs at the walls of local coffee houses.
Billion (10\^9) is twice-million (δισεκατομμύριο/disekatomirio), trillion (10\^12) is thrice-million (τρισεκατομμύριο/trisekatomirio), and so forth
There's indeed exploitation in that industry, but it's literally just another job
Alexander the Great wasn't such a great guy
FYI if you dislike/hate google for their practices, you can switch to duckduckgo
The revival of south-east Europe doesn't seem to be Germany's priority so it could prove really difficult to go through with a big plan
Austria also exported Adolf Hitler
It didn't solve them, but many people weren't using cars and public transports as much as before lockdowns, so that was good for the environment
We used to wear them so we won't get burnt by the sun.
I'm convinced that you're not given a permit to start a business in the food industry if the name of the store is not some kind of pun
Well, a Z with a line in Greek would be misread as a Ξ
Also people avoid using it in people who aren't their close friends, cause it isn't considered appropriate
5 λεπτά ακόμα,  (2006)
People from Crete as well
In the summer I nap for about an hour after lunch, and I complain if there's even 2-3 clouds in the sky
- 1500bc
Cretans are quite contradictory.
Those maps turn the comment section of Europe into the Balkans while the actual Balkans keep silent enjoying popcorn lmao
Those feats are standard for liberal democracies everywhere
there is always an exchange in languages
Ever hear the phrase the silent ones are the ones you need to look out for
Also is closer to other European states like Bulgaria, Serbia and Romania in comparison with Athens
I guess one murder in there is enough to cover a whole year :D
It is borrowed into English from Greek as nostalgia
still believes that Greeks are the super master race of the universe.
So while the deaths in the US have gone down by a ton (considering how fucked they were) people scream about the huge increas ein cases like its getting worse when the daily deaths keep dropping, as do the cases that are in need of hospitalization
Ottoman Empire (Turkey)
my big fat greek wedding, mamma mia, mediterraneo (not Hollywood), captain corelli's mandolin, Never on Sunday (prolly the best known in Greece)
I asked; what style should i use to list my sources
That's why Nazim Hikmet has a huge impact in Greek people
Central
Keep ground beef out of gemista
I write people in my papars and I don't care
as a bilingual it happens when i don't expect to hear my own language and i manage to identify a word and feel dumb
Body is not that important according to Orthodoxy.
A communist party (Communist Party of Greece)  that took 5
The forum isn't a unique structure in Rome
I also strongly support the quotas, as in everyone takes a share based on their population because we're either all in it together or the union doesn't work.
After Nicephorus Phocas won the island back for the Byzantine Empire from the Saracens, the name was hellenized to Chandax (Χάνδαξ) which simply meant Moat
It looks beautiful, I'm definitely making this
Not my experience, it's a fossilized expression
The plans and the construction started so long ago and they still aren't done
We'll never be rid of North Macedonia and Germany
Well I guess so XD I mean I just remembered they did do some good stuff like making the Cyrillic alphabet
I realized after a few years in the UK that quality of life is subjective and happiness cannot be defined, and life in the UK, the culture was very distant to what I like
Well, we didn't just come up with this co-capital thing, it's a reference to Thessaloniki being the co-reigning city of the Byzantine Empire alongside Constantinople
This guy, along with other dudes like that, are like the hillbillies, rednecks of Greece
The answer is quite simple my friend: they are monumental arseholes.
A lot of us are used to being sequestered in our homes safely away from all of it, but I find thunderstorms oddly primal and exhilarating at times
Easy to say but difficult, even impossible to do.
This is an approximate haplogroup tree timeline:
Anyway, the majority of Turks are staunch Erdogan supporters and neo-Ottomanists.
Maybe there are some elderly people that don't really like them, but generally it's acceptable
Greece enjoys the highest living standards in the Balkans.
there are risks and there are stupid risks
Aww so romantic
Crete became an Emirate and in fact, the Saracens did much of the city building there, where as before it was a minor settlement and a port, it was then that it became a full-fledged city
Ah, the good ol' shaming the victim
You know greece is also the successor to the byzantine empire and to ancient Greece so you could say that we have a claim there too.
Whatever his policies, this is totally unacceptable.
US too because they were among the first nations that recognized us
Kemal Ataturk
dictatorship, aheemmm
Open borders with an Islamic country that borders Syria and Iraq ?
Made me curious
I'd say you need to learn a foreign language because if you don't you are pretty much stuck at home
So the Greeks in Northern Epirus should grab some kalashnikovs and start shooting Albanian cops cause Albanians are demolishing Greek churches and brutalising Greek minority members?
Did a Bulgarian write your history book
This would be Greece if Greeks cared about the country's fucked up state as much as they care about Macedonia's name
I visited Rome two years ago
If you say "Beijing", most people won't understand you at all, let alone that the only word for "Beijing" that's typed with the Greek alphabet has so bad of a SEO and displays mostly random results if you search for it
To clarify, you can't buy a *rifle*.
Greece is nice, but Switzerland is nice too
I'm Greek  but I've spent some years in england, and imo England outside of London gets very little love
I am wondering ...how many of you love drinking milk
Yes,  I still live in Greece
You simply cannot accept that the side you sympathize with has sympathized and enabled a terror group that was active for decades and costed many lives
At first it was olives but we emptied all the olives in the area so we moved on to stones until I got one to the face and our parents forced us to stop
what the fuck are you talking about
I would love to see your playlist when its ready
I wanna see gta where you're a chav
Ancient Greek(stone tablets, scrolls, vases etc)I can read but I understand only a few words, maybe a sentence max
" Kazantzakis
For many decades it was a vassal for many actors and countries and that's not good on a subconscious of a big power, I get that they aren't fancy friends
Usually memorials are very basic and plain but this one is brilliant
I suppose phone salesman (?) Can't think of anything getting hate-hate by all, but I haven't met a single person not finding them annoying af, unless they've blocked their numbers
Epirus and Ionian islands: Friendly, kind and cool
those did not meet 1-2 articles Turkey is falling in all but one, it was a "almost there might as well", not so with Turkey
It's only available through pay tv platforms and it covers sports that aren't popular.
These Countries Are Getting More Miserable This Year
apart from Athens - Salonika, Volos - Larissa was a big rivalry for about two decades
We were **sometimes** going to an Internet-cafe to pass the time, and the place was full with cypriots playing 24x7.
Cold: -1°C-5°C
transgender people were granted the right to change their legal gender without having to undergo surgical alteration of their genitals in order to have key identity documents changed
Everyone in Greece feels sorry for these people
My format is pronounciation, meaning (optional) and the country in English :)
Definitely not enough
Same for satelites, many more can be brought down on them while there's only one penal code.
We don't really hate each other as much as non-Turks and non-Greeks like to imagine
With plastic money a small commerce can't avoid paying VAT while with paper money it's sooo easy.
doesn't mean that everything is ok
Oh, I'm saving that comment and the answers right away!
We have 18,here is a [list]
It's light blue, on the front you have a picture that is has to have a Greek stamp covering a part of it, your nationality, your signature and the signature of the officer that made it next which municipality's police department made it
Idk what other stereotypes there are
Thank you for bringing that to our attention
He has some VERY unpopular opinions, might even call him an asshole
Guys..is it me or the muslim parts of Bosnia are slightly colored yellow?
Even young couples need more than 1500-1700 combined to stay together
e.i a straight up e, Iota means e as you hear it
Greece does not have other alliances.
The economy was massively affected as well, with so many new people coming in, women entering the workforce, the distribution of land and the revitalization of more remote areas, the introduction of new and improved farming methods etc
We even have African celebrities (athletes) who speak fluent Greek
Damn
Excellent post OP
i'd make the blue dark af and leave it at that, maybe design a better naval jack or a COA tho
I'm from Thessaloniki and we mainly solve problems by saying "χαλαρά" and then going for a beer
The arrival of the refugees really shook the foundations of modern Greece, causing it to change irrevocably to what it is today
So I guess it also depends on the municipality and on the people of each area
Nice
It is sad, but at the same time I understand it it's older generations
We're still hanging around tho, much to many people's dismay
I legit thought σκονακι means little dust
•rural
> We did give money to Greece
I felt that
I think people are scared of me, I think my voice sounds angry or snobbish
In modern times I would say that it was the years before the economic crisis cause we had the highest gpd per capita increase and in general the highest gps (per capita)  in our history, lower unemployment,  we were ( and I think still are)  in a good place in life expectancy
I know Finnish has this as well, but it's still rare
I also find the history of Denmark quite interesting
I dont
And it developed because people had to lookout extra for themselves and their families, keep some 'backup', bribe some Ottoman officials, etc
I doubt that Athens is uglier than all the other cities
Indeed
I would say projection is the same with just about every European capital, like I felt the same when I visited Berlin, although it sounds like I had a better impression of it than you had of Athens
Greece has no business plan at the moment.
These two points created a big schism within an already broken society which lead to a full blown war
12 dódeka
I am happy we did finally accomplish it but it was a collective effort
" On the way out one lady asked about us, what we were doing, which school, city etc
Then Papandreou (the son) said ND was lying too with the military equipment which wouldn't have mattered so much to the EU since they basically made the sale happen but Papandreou wouldn't agree to bailout terms creating the mass loss of trust for Greece
One more reason I guess
Yeah, the average was 28
Thank you EU for that
The problem with linear A as well is that it's written in syllables so each symbol would be a syllable, this means that for example Knossos is written as Ko-no-so
I heard the Greek minority there is pretty oppressed
No one in my family can swim because according to my mother "we're mountain people
It really depends on your perspective
It tough here in Greece
-Aspasia
•waltz
Savage
-Who is it
I'll agree that "antiparohi" gave the final blow.
Yes, please do stop people from yelling in public, or annoying passersby with "Can I tell you about jesus". But no one should have a say at what you wear (nudity in front of minors being the exception) or whether you do like jesus a lot, but in private
not funny enough to get a lol, too irrelevant for anyone to give a shit some one tell him to up the crazy if he expects international lols
>With women though, that is not completely the rule as they start facing pressure from their inner circle as their friends begin to get married and have children
Have your bags packed, just in case ;)
m)  detached house for 365k euros
Assuming the bulgarians had no way of writing,wouldn't it be much easier to teach them the greek aplhabet instead of creating a new one?That story sounds fishy.
Have you ever considered what being a woman in Turkey means
English: Thank you
The vineyards, the northern mountains, Tuscany, the southern villages by the sea, the beautiful churches and art pieces, the culture, the food
They are also different even between different hospitals in the same region
praise, credit, award (_in education_)
Pyromaniacs are also a problem.
Protesters chanting “Nazis in jail
Here it is really uncommon
>EsLaLi
There's no such expression in Greece
You named the sub that must not be named!!
Don't worry it could have been worse.
Γαλλία (Gallia, France)
I will add it
In University of Athens we use WebEx and Skype Business
Greek cuisine too isn't very similar to any other European country
Congratulations to the mayor
To be more specific  Capital punishment was abolished for peacetime crimes other than [high treason] **during wartime** by article 7 of the [Constitution of 1975] Oficially it was abolished in 2005 for all purposes
a troublesome and aggressive country even if you're not aggressive towards Bulgaria
I didn't know that
Efficient and really typical in everything
For example there's a tale about him saying "if you can't drink, then neither will I" and spilling his waterskin on the sand as they were crossing a dessert and dying from dehydration
I honestly read Mafia and was about to praise it's social agenda :/
Pention is both age and service year limitted.
u/teddyroar I demand at least half your upvotes
Because of the permanently volatile situation with Turkey, Greece has the second largest defense expenditure as a % of GDP in NATO, after the US [2016, NATO website]
I think Greece is not really big on the "beautiful big cities" part tbh, villages / islands / smaller cities are much more worth imo
I hope we stick only with the daylight savings time.
In Greece we don't have boy scouts
Northern Greeks call souvlaki what the Southern Greeks call kalamaki (the  type of meat that’s on the stick) , but Southern Greeks call souvlaki the combination of pita(some type of bread) meat, sauce, fries or whatever someone puts in it
One major aspect would be economy in a two tier EU.
And the rainfall thing is also not true, ppl could just check Wikipedia
From Brexit to Scotlin
More taxes and people leaving, After Uni the majority of my friends have found jobs in various countries of Europe..
Απο αποψη του τι διδασκουνε, ειναι ολοι διαφορες παραλλαγες του προτεσταντισμού αλλά η καθεμια εχει τα δικά της χαρακτηριστικα. Ο φιλος εκει πχ ειναι μουσουλμανος αλλα μου ελεγε σκεφτεται να γραφτει σε μια εκκλησια γιατι εχει καλο γυμναστηριο και γηπεδα τενις κοντα του. Γενικα πολλη απο την υποδομη του κρατους την κανουνε οι εκκλησιες (αφου το κρατος ειδικα στο τεξας ειναι ανυπαρκτο)
Where is the line where "getting more money" is not enough reason to vote for scumbags
yeah well, most greeks aren’t that strict orthodox christians
(Like all good jokes should be)
Use sunscreen and fans
Jeep is used to refer to anything that looks like it can do offroad and is on 4 wheels
But this is a difference between fights between siblings, the others have to see their arguments and go into the "debate".
Cyprus talks: Turkish troops will remain on island, vows ErdoÄan | World news
**Pronunciation wise:** if you can speak Spanish, you've got it
I come back from Sweden and everyone is asking how Switzerland was like
All of us can be both
Yes
The red tape will follow you, the way of the system works, the mentality (with couple differences), the land
>“All  those collaborators went into the system,” says Manilos Glezos
It's a stupid world we live in, but it's not like we can do much about it...
E.g. Xylophone, xylographie, xenophil etc
Well I have read that they were christianized by the Byzantines, that's why they're orthodox.
I am now curious to know what the Chinese expression is
For anyone wondering this is a rather famous quote, and it literally translates to "Nation without siblings" referring to the fact that, unlike other nations (apart from the Jewish), the Greek one has never had anyone else on earth.
I meant the technological model that your IDs use as it's very advanced . They will used it as a base and include all kind of different information that will help with making online transactions with government agencies easier
Maybe we will accept you to milk lovers club
* To Vima  [
So, I have a friend who is kind of right wing, but I wouldn't say homophobic as far as I have seen
One dead man wont change that fact
things were pretty loose during the first days so no punishments involved
I always thought that the decline of the main religious group's was due to cummunism, but after watching "this table" that seems to be not the case.
The bin where Erdogan sends EU's strongly worded letters
With the stupid pencil however, rock and scissors have 2/4 chance of winning and pencil and paper have 2/4 chance of losing
You don't need absolute monarchy for that.
But if he fails then the Left will march against him blaming the economic woes on Mitsotakis' "Thatcherism".
Get out - > "Τρέξε", meaning "run"
Turkey warns Greece about activity of Gulenists in West Thrace
*Laughs in Greek*
Ani medaberet ktzat ivrit :D
Alexander the Great was Greek fam
I think Home Alone has always been universal
Had my car window randomly broken in the Exarheia area where I live on Sunday (no theft, just vandalism).
The first one means "I'm eating lamb chops"
It's perfect :')
Personally we always had these kind of foods on Sundays, be it pastichio, Mousaka, Dolmades etc
Thank you for saying that, even though you're a German and could easily want to defend German's position instead of seeing it factually
Same
When I got my passport the Greek police registered my fingerprint electronically.
Ironically both Ataturk and Delchev were born in what is now Greece
Back when I was in school in the 90s we also did a bunch of Religious History (mostly medieval) in a ton of depth, especially the relationship between Orthodox and Catholic church
i CAN EASILY DRINK NOTHING ELSE
Whether Greece was a member of it is irrelevant
They do not touch the Greek Civil War much or the military juntas (apart for the polytechnic school event) or any modern history for that matter
On the other hand some extremely religious people 30% of the population will tell you that god exists and other stuff
Ahahaha sounds like a cool teacher though ;)
The only time that happens to me is when me and a group of friends happen to play against Turkish people on rocket league and that once friend of the group decides to get all toxic and nobody knows if they're being serious or not
I think if you want to support peace and justice,  you shouldn't take sides
I'm just an employee who just goes to the store to buy stuff.
With the only exception, that in that line "Eyes, ears, mouth and toes"
I'll visit Warsaw this summer and il lfinally meet my gf I met through discord for the first time I'm rl happy
filotimos masculine singular
It depends on the tradition; first of all, Leda did not have twins, she had quadruplets, or two sets of twins
German movies pretty rarely
Everything turkic and you've got r/anarchotech to defend it every way possible.
But who is the dude referring to as "cods" though ?
When we're talking about multi-ethnic states, we're talking about states like Belgium, which is split 60-40%.
mussel (μύδι) = little mouse
This was one of the best and most wholesome collab events we ever had
After all, phrases are quite reflective of how a society works
As much as it pains me, this is brilliantly accurate
Always has been
Try new things, get involved, learn a few phrases/words in the locals language if that helps you get familiar with the place, and smile
The funny thing is Dimitris Avramopoulos is a member of the "conservative" party in Greece.
Places like Zagorochoria, Pilio and Meteora are extremely pretty.
Do you offer a retirement plan
When I went to high school they also taught about other religions too
What I am saying is that's another entirety, having a social aka moral credit score
This helped me memorize a lot of words
We weren't that good at it anyway.
Papas means priest
It's just that the most French speakers  are in France , so statically it's the best guess to make
And also major Greek companies
σκιαμαχία (skiamahía) fighting an invisible, non-existent enemy, literally: a fight with shadows
If you're asking for a region though, I'm from Crete but that's irrelevant.
Frappe, it's an iced coffee that has been the main coffee drink in Greece for decades.
I also have respect for Australians because you managed to build a great country even though they initially sent convicted criminals to your land, you did a great job and you managed to make it a very nice country to live
What benefits are you offering
Everyone calls each other by their first/given name.
And yet those pesky English speakers say "it's Greek to me"!
Even when going for original names Greeks name their kids the same things.
It is always the Greeks that escort Turkish aircrafts out of these zones.
It will always be zero
Fortunately, one day most of them will be relocated proportionally to several member-states and a small part will stay here.
You're right
uff, here we go again with the armchair economist one line explainers
However, I have met quite a few Macedonians on the Greek islands and so forth (along with other Balkaners)
Usually I call the by their name but sometimes use words like bro , friend, boy (agori/agorina) , sometimes malakas but it's also considered an inappropriate and is mainly used with friends , also it might be used as an insult, but it depends on how it is being used
Edit: I think that most people here don't even think of Algerians as Arabs
Erasmian pronounciation corresponds to Ancient Greek, so maybe it's correct to say "molon labe" because it's an ancient saying, but, I don't know, vita is a letter we use today, every day.
They were the people who  had been in the torture chambers during occupation, pulling out the  fingernails and applying thumbscrews
Κεφάλι, ώμοι, γόνατα και δάχτυλα
Why so much hate towards the UK
Romania played much better and the first goal by France could've been considered a foul since he elbowed the goalie's hands out of the way.
2 | 134 | Finland, Switzerland, Spain
The western civilization was born here.
I like the names Zahir , Axel , Wolfgang and Felix
He also fought in the civil war and lost half his right arm
In regards now to the negative state you're referring to haven't you heard someone say I'm on vacation and the other person saying "Oh, I'm so jealous of you"? This is more like how I'd wish to be in your place and I'm happy that you are at it
The Germans and the other major powers had been preparing for a war (Schlieffen plan, etc) for imperialistic reasons.
They are not organized and they don't have a higher purpose than to get in a fight with the police
So do you consider to go to live somewhere outside of EU like a french-speaking are of Switzerland or you jut want to leave from EU
Well actually I went to see the Little Mermaid when i visited
> Picking up tomatoes and cucumbers
the name comes from ATLAS a titan in greek mythology
I give a slight honk every time someonen forget to drive  when a traffic light turns to green
We say UHU for glue stick
Croats were so fortunate that the biggest chunk of their country never fell under Ottoman rule
Greece is not a Balkan country.
How on Earth would a cheaper currency already from where it's down help the German economy?
Seems to come from the idea that you are a young and naive nation.
*That* is disingenuous
This is in part why people especially on /r/greece always recommend if you visit Greece for a week, take a couple of days in Athens at most then spend the rest on an island or more generally *not in a city
Also don't forget that Varoufuckis would only have to ask Zeus (his dad) to send a lightning bolt.
Then again further into the mainland its totally fine, but even there in some cases as the guys from Italy mentioned it may have too much chlorine to the point you can taste it, averting people from consuming it
It was mostly Greek speaking Cypriots that wanted to unify with Greece though and started the demonstrations.
>Weapons
The population exchange happened after 1 million Greeks were already murdered.
He actually is a diaspora Serb, you got that right
>every
They are leaving for university . Also there you are getting some money for renting when you are a student
I guess that's partly because of EU or schengen
And yes, first time I heard it, I also took it literally
You are just flexing at this point
Just wear some warm clothes and you are set
Germany or Poland
We stay right in the safe limit of sun exposure so we can manage to get tanned and avoid any sunburn.
On 2 October, 1920 prince Alexandros of Greece was bit by a monkey while trying to break up a fight between her and his dog, Fritz
True we got lots of racist stuff
And we did so with more than 4 times as such.
Albania: red and some yellow
I feel kinda embarrassed that there are Greeks who are very popular and I had no idea of them.
Certainly though the man had a way with words
edited
I think that most people prefer wine, but I personally prefer milk
cool
Mickey Mouse comics, or Disney comics in general, were very popular too.
I am half Canadian myself and i have seen first hand the American "multiculturalism".
And some of my albanian friends agree
Makes sense
Cons: Low wages, the orthodox church is too involved with what should only be the state's responsibilities, lots of unemployment, drivers are bad, public transport is bad, people are too loud (well that might not be too bad for some), and our cities have got to be the ugliest and dirtiest I've ever seen
Yes, please do stop people from yelling in public, or annoying passersby with "Can I tell you about jesus". But no one should have a say at what you wear (nudity in front of minors being the exception) or whether you do like jesus a lot, but in private
no women or female animals are allowed within a half mile radius from the shore) and I highly doubt they actually pay taxis like us lay people
why
Generally no, and I don't live at the centre of Athens
without the line but i've come across some very old teachers that use the line
Huh, didn't know it had a name
Right at the centre, under the big arch right
m) detached  house with 0 bedrooms for 400k euros  or a 3 bedroom 255  **m²** (sq
Inb4 "Romania is not in the Balkans, REEEEE"
m) for 205k euros or an 170 **m²** (sq
I would like to reserve Golden Horde!
So when's the fourth one
Edit: added words
Of course
Kolari: Crash, as in car crash.
[Here's an interesting article] on tax evasion in Greece.
I feel like it really ties the family together to stay with your parents for a few more years
Eventually in the 21st of April, the tanks were parading in Athens
To try and separate them/see them as distinct is entirely modern
If you told a greek that the church is closed today (regardless of whether he visits it frequently or not) he will show much more concern for it
In Greek you can say "my relationship" if you don't wanna specify the gender but that's gonna basically out you as homosexual even if you're not
This is the one everyone in Greece remembers it as **the** dictatorship
When the sex is sus
No sign of nature
Different situations, different aproach from the troika.
But their two favourite are the dictatorship of Metaxas, 30's up until the occupation of Greece by the Nazis ( yeah, the Metaxas didn't really care) and the dictatorship of Colonels, or of Papadopoulos, from the  60's up until the establishment of the Third Greek Republic and todays shitshow
That such a small country has given birth to many great people
I can confirm with my experience
The goal should be to make accommodation affordable, not just offer more accommodation in the same more or less price
Remove kebab, dead turk only good turk.
And it was not as pc as it would be now, plus the ages would be realistically from preteens to teens which gave you a new perspective on everything, true eye opener
Can someone explain how is this even possible
he managed to not get arrested (and executed)
He passed measures that put any dissidents either behind bars or to the firing line
It was during the time that the seat of power of the Catholics was moved from the Vatican to France that the historians of the time were instructed to rename East Roman Empire to Byzantium for a number of reasons (Orthodox faith, being mostly Greek, outside of the Pope's influence etc)
PC/MacOS: [This] (came with the OS)
Army and politics are seperated in Germany, Spain or Greece.
I'm not sure if that's even legal
Can't we stand on the right side of history here and help end authoritarianism in our backyard **before** discussing taking our values on tour
In ancient Greece it was known as Brauron and was one of the most famous worshipping sites for [Artemis]
The Swiss taste like brie cheese
: «είναι θέλημα Θεού η Πόλη να τουρκέψει» That means it is the will of god for the city to be Turkish and it was said by the orthodox patriarch
You say "greasy potato ball", I say slurp
Turks cannot survive without easy access to a kebab shop ^/s
That's just stupid in my opinion, just raise your prices a bit so that the salary of the person serving you is included in it.
Santorini for the middle classes and Mykonos for the rich
At least those from Asia minor.
In Greece the 1st of May got transferred to tomorrow (Tuesday, 4th of May) because the orthodox Easter was yesterday and today is the 2nd day, so they changed it to a day that is not "holy" (does that make sense
UK might be more understanding of SJW than say Greece, because Greece doesn't have any significant percentage of minorities that people feel should be better treated/represented (source:born and raised Greek).
But both my parents house and the place I live and study are by the sea and generally have milder Temps
Seriously though, most people I know consider *not* washing your hands after going to the toilet absolutely disgusting.
No,but I'm damn sure Greece would have been better under Austrian occupation than under backwards Ottoman occupation.
We say UHU for glue stick
Not foreign banks
We conjugate names like we do ordinary nouns, we use articles for them and we also have a vocative case for when we're calling for someone
At 13 I was watching full movies without subtitles in my language and reading English books
>Any reasonable analysis puts him as centre right (or on the left, for any Americans reading
smart
Especially from a French press
It has almost the same effect like when an anglophone girl hears French
Everyone in Europe says Europe lol
Fortunately this is disappearing as older generations die out.
Oh I guess something did change: I couldn't use certain credit cards online because of some "Capital Controls" or whatever
There is a big cost involved, made bigger by the lack of infrastracture in the areas where starving is commonplace, which those needing the food obviously cannot pay, and by the time it arrives most of it will have completely rotten away anyway
In my experience, atheists who hold the the last position you outline
I would prefer more political and economic cooperation between EU member states rather than with dispute territories
No one really knows much about you, sorry
The people who actually lived the war in 1945, or the people in 2015 who have only experienced it from movies, books, etc
You have to try it before you judge it ;)
With this attack in Lyon being a few days after [this] I wonder if neighbourning relationships will take a hit today
Since Greek is one of the oldest spoken languages still in use it's pretty normal  to discover those references even today
Actually these are kinda the normal September temps for Greece
We have good relations with southern European countries, we have nothing in common with Russian culture.
Ibiza is finally British, after all these years
We had our fair share of dictators in the past
You should take a DNA test
Also that helmet is Greek despite being called Illyrian
And for the Greek Democracy
I have been living in Thessaloniki for 10 years
Although I did ask if I can have any other type of cold coffee (it was the middle of the summer and the temperature was rather high), I wasn't offered the choice of them as an alternative
Western Anatolia was mainly Greek not Turkish.
I'm Greek, can we please not go back to 2015 please
Americans will have t-shirts with lettering but it will 'make sense' - like it will just be a free t-shirt from some organization etc
It's debilitating
Our small family business is taxed similarly at around 50% here in Greece but it's definitely not worth it
50 means 80
I think most Southern Europeans ( at least that I know) like France
I probably am going to learn them all someday though, when I find the time
To be honest, its really difficult sometimes if you are not from a place that has a lot of bikelanes.
Good luck getting in though (lots of competition and you need to speak Greek).
because russia only dares to pick on the little guy
But if we ignored that for the moment, Were the bombings different
In greek it could be Φιλότιμο - filotimo
Personally I am not religious, so I don't go to church, but all the people I know just go to the church in their neighborhood which is of the same denomination as their ancestors had (mostly orthodox in Greece, but few catholics exist as well)
Me included
I think it's important not to lose sight of the fact that Trump is not just Right-leaning, he squarely sits in the cartoonish section of the Far-Right.
>From the Greeks of old whose dying
I guess it can be useful sometimes lol
Cant imagine my country without it
Beer => μπύρα or μπίρα
this bullshit again...NATO is an alliance it acts as a figure head for the armies of its members if you really want to know the size of NATO forces around Russia you need to add all the military of NATO members around it
I'm not sure I completely understand your question, but in Greek the singular form is Gyros/Gyro, our plural is not like in English, so we don't put an "s" to make things plural
I think so
Santorini for the middle classes and Mykonos for the rich
The Roman empire had tons of ethnicities as well, yet they were all Roman, and more than anywhere else in the empire the Italians are the main 'successors' of that Empire
I know,they will be allowed to leave though ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
In Greek, we say "stou diaolou ti mana" which means "at the Devil's mother".
Don't let them crash your spirit.
as for "nobody's gonna bother enforcing them". thats our whole legal system
Unemployment in Germany diminishing while it's broadening in Southern Europe.
It's lovely when mods don't even follow the sub rules
Year 12: 1815-Today in depth
The resurgence of neo-fascism in the form of  present-day far-right party [Golden Dawn]  has direct links to the failure to purge the state of right-wing  extremists; many of Golden Dawn’s supporters are descendants of  Battalionists, as were the “The Colonels” who seized power in 1967
Learned quite young, like 4-5
Conjugations, tenses, moods, voices, word genders and exceptions for you to remember
3) They have a weird transferable vote system
Let's show them some great food culture xD
>Portugal, Spain, France and Italy would be in charge of the food and wouldn't let anyone else get near it
30 o clock
But I think it is relatively popular in the big cities (not so much in small cities or in rural areas)   here based on Greek standards
It is a lot of pressure and this is why we finish our bachelor in 5 or 6 years instead of 4 which is the official duration
Greeks and Italians had had this debate for centuries, Italians like their pasta al dente, and us greeks like them mushy
There’s a hidden nice in the phone
Unfortunately the Church here has control even at our books..corrupt politicians pretend to be religious so they have the support of the Church and that leads them to have religious teachings as a complete lesson like history or maths..the content of the books are not so serious but still I find it ridiculous that we have religious lessons in school and it's funny that nobody pays attention like seriously 98% of the class (rightfully) act like it's just a sort of a break.
YouTube comments (especially in videos covering controversial topics) will always be cancer.
Proper intellectual discussions about these topics are lacking indeed
Basically all the time
The plans and the construction started so long ago and they still aren't done
Me neither, I learnt it from reddit lol
Do I have to remind people that this Social and Economic union is probably one of the main reasons this continent hasn't wrecked itself again since the end of the 2nd World War
He still *hates* waiting in queues (I don't) but ever since we've had kids it has thrown all his schedule all over the place and now lives in a limbo state of going with the -Greek- flow
Why not both
VIC are a really unique band because they combine metal sound with greek folk instruments
Well it was cyrillus and methodious (idk how to spell it) who made it they weren't Bulgarians they started from Bulgaria though
No sane person would take a housing loan from a bank in Greece where the economy could be destroyed in the next crisis
Now that's beautiful
Yeah (and for everyone who migh be interested) it came from a word that originally means daddy
For example there are roads in rural ares that they are okay  [
As important as the colour of the walls in the downstairs loo
Too much talking and last minute planing
An interesting fact: During a battle against the Greeks in Athens, the Ottomans ran out of bullets and start stripping the columns of Parthenon for lead.
Democracy ,philosophy many sciences ,the fact that the Earth was round
Year 3: From mythology to history (intro to ancient history)
All we get in my town is 5-6 scattered snowy days during winter.
It makes sense
-Elisabeth
> throw yourself in the gulag
Can a person not be disgusted by intestines, but find a stomach appalling
I really hope that's the case.Seriously,internet comments by Serbs (and Greeks) are so stupid that makes you wonder if people in these countries are like that overall,which is not the case.
Generally you won't be disallowed from using foreign words (as long as you don't abuse them)
They assumed it's all beach and hot weather without realizing the country is mostly mountainous
I would just love not being poor
Lamérkel
This was kind of shocking for us, knowing her, because she is very much a good person, and at first glance it seemed seriously closed minded, so we pressed her on it
I think that after football basketball is the most popular spot at least in Greece and some people here sometimes get crazy over it
I am from Greece, and WW2 and the civil war are still reverberating throughout society.
*Cries in balkans
2) The party registered as Liberal (Renew group) is actually more socially conservative than the party that is registered in the EPP group
France , and paris in particular
Generally it depends on the context
So saying "Hey patriotis, doesn't make sense"
did we forget that russia publicly said that they restarted doing long range patrols with both tu95s and their nuclear subs because nato was expanding on its borders?
Ok not exactly weird, but I find this funny af
There were many bands with important leaders, that fought against the ottomans and existed throughout the ottoman occupation from the 15th to the 19th centuries
Is there some place to verify it
I thought it was just Americans that had it but evidently it's other countries too
>We also use Merenda (Nutella knock off)
Most recent one was a middle aged guy who, when the door he was at didn't open, he started shouting οδηγέέέ, την πόρτα πίσω! (Which means "driveeeer, the back door
We still have an outdated mindset that works to undermine the state
Let me just give it a rusty try through my ancient Greek:
I would give a much "warmer" welcome than that
I've never noticed any African teams with stars
Same date ..24/6
No phrases with "bite" though
Really drunk, sex acts and stuff
Beautiful cities, great food, rich history, friendly people and many more.
They did not manage it so good.Even before 1821,there were various little revolts going on around Greece.People were obvious not happy.If Greece,let's say,was under Austrian occupation(I said that before but anyway),I will go as far to say that Greeks would have completely adapted into Austrian culture and a revolution would really happen years later of the 1821 revolution.The Ottomans just wanted taxes and wars,while the people inside their empire were unhappy and planning revolts.Alexander for instance,managed to Hellenize most of the Middle East,and it's a historical fact that Alexander's conquered lands were seeing themselves as Greek,I doubt Serbians ever considered themselves as Turkish,even though they were under Ottoman occupation for centuries.
They needed to fit a corner of America somehow
I wish to you the same, you are brave people, you proved it with kicking out the communist dictator Ceasausescu and with all your efforts these days to fight corruption.
Turkey is an islamic dictatorship, it has no place in a civilized, democratic society.
We have like 15 places called new town
We have gone on day trips there once or twice growing up
That's no surprise, they did the same thing in Cyprus after they ethnically cleansed the local Greek speaking Cypriots.
Had a client speak to me in a very village accent and in our 2 minute conversation I understood like 30% of what he was saying
Those are the rich AF towns that nobody else can afford to live in
I didn't know you were ruled by Hydra
I have also been in Tolo, but not this year
I could live on soups
I have the Ac trying to mentain a temperature of 22C in the living room
Greece
Nigeria is going to be the Syria of the 2020's, just watch.
half of Greece is missing :P nice one though
My fluency in English and my little knowledge of German allowed me to **partially** understand the north Germanic languages (except for Icelandic) before I got to learn Danish
Cold (or iced) coffees are extremely popular here throughout the year and there is no cafe where you wouldn't find them (except for, maybe, a traditional kafeneion in some village)
Here max was 22 oC today
tl;dr : it doesn't matter if war happened in the past or takes place now, because when it comes, we'll all be radioactive ash.
We'll never be rid of North Macedonia and Germany
Mainly two tables were because no one would advise me correctly
Yeah I mostly agree with what you said
Our relationship has always been troubled but there were attempts to leave everything behind
When the national bank learned about it, they offered him a loan with zero tokens and he could pay it whenever he could, but he refused
-They want to fucking rape you
That's something
Thanks man ! Im thinking of applying for Glasgow,Starthclyde, Heriot-Watt and Dundee
Congratulations
The Greek athletes gave the Nazi salute to Hitler as they marched into the stadium at the Berlin Olympics, not knowing their country would soon be at war with him.
Hahahaha so you *were* indeed being sarcastic.
Red and Blue are ok; the green one is a nightmare in every way
Of course this is a generalization but it's common knowledge that they act like that; most of them do
i suppose it's because we are given a cheap android phone when we're teens and so switching os is pretty inconvenient and takes too long to get a hold of
as I was honing my english skills I noticed that 90% of the lyrics is about girls who betray guys and stuff like that
I don't have any up to date polling numbers but we know what the French voted for in the past.
But Chalkidiki has a special place in my heart
My cousin's hair fall down constantly because of the pressure and she can't even have fun (she gets 15 minutes out of 24 hours to relax)
So I thought maybe my account is not yet available
There are also other places, like Thessaloniki, which are too underrated
Imagine how much food is wasted from every supermarket in the EU
She curses and insults everyone who drives slow, make a slight pause or drives somewhat weird while I drive her everywhere.
NO ONE FUCKS WITH GERMANY'S BORDERS!!!!
Where did i say that the invasion of Cyprus is connected to islam ?...
Now, OP, in Greece we have tons of ancient traditions that survived
This was from 2017 actually .
e.g. "I'm going to the place"
I'm almost willing to bet that in popular airports, the water bottles they make you dispose of bring a really significant bit of profit
It was a Greek city with a Greek popukation.
Golden dawnist spotted
i've seen it being done in front of me more than once
If you don't do any of this, you're not a Christian.
very common
But anyway, yeah, most of them were part of the Kingdom of Sicily for some time
Tsipras basically kicked the "hard" pro-Kremlin part of Syriza after the referendum, no?
It's not a letter per se, it's more of where you put the "tonus", aka the emphasis of the word:
Firstly, I wasn't the one to mention London first.
Edit:The moment it was announced to the crowd
I don't believe there would be any real consequences though.
Northern Greeks dont have that much in common with Southerns, mainly in culture , lifestyle etc
Does Kastra in Thessaloniki count
We used to have one but it was closed 10 years ago
I would also really like to learn Spanish but the other 3 I listed are my top priorities in terms of how much I want to learn them
Also 7 years after the murder , the trial is still ongoing
In my school it was kinda fun because my religious teacher was progressive  and open minded , and there were a lot of debates during the class , usually between kids and the teachers
En güzel deniz from an iconic songwriter
Famoosh
Not exactly
*^(Moskau, Moskau, wirf die Gläser an die Wand, Russland ist ein schönes Land
Edit: Wow, it seems like Greek is basically the exception to all other European countries
He summarizes fairly well the entire political and social grounds of the country I live in, Greece
14 déka-tesera
(migration, Ukraine, Greece) are, really, relatively minor and easily manageable with EU's enormous resources.
Monaco>mónikos(one house/family)
Funny how the capital city it contains is not
The new national library is placed there, as well the national opera house
Try posting to /r/GreecePlace maybe
The modern Greek state was created by Ρωμιοί. We still call ourselves that
* Nitrogen - Azoto
Συμφωνώ τώρα ( ͡ᵔ ͜ʖ ͡ᵔ )
What ever reasons you people might have for sanctions on belarus turkey has done worse
Since you specified law schools , it's the Nation and Kapodistrian University of Athens' School of Law ,for 2020 it was among the 300 best law schools internationally
from spotify and my own experience i think it's [Toquel, Sin Laurent - Pistoli] (pistoli means handgun)
I don't do drugs but I'm always open to the opportunity of exploring alternative realities
At some point they also release pigeons symbolizing the holy spirit
ναι ειχα ανοιχτα δυο reply οτι να ναι εκανα
Mykonos island
That's what y'all get for having "skat" as a word of endearment
Since I'm Greek, I guess getting ready for the revolution
Good night to you too neighbour
Oh, I'm from a coastal city, I actually do love the sea
This is similar to names in Greek, in English it's always "Sokrates" and "Platonas" for example, but in Greek if you are speaking directly to someone, you would say "Hey Sokrati/Platona" with no s, but if you were speaking about them in the third person, you would say "Ο Σωκράτης/Πλάτωνας είναι μαλάκας" (Sokratis/Platonas is an asshole) with an s, idk why this example with asshole came to my mind, but whatever hahaha
What we need is a fundamental change on the mindset of the population.
Hellenistic Era: Going over the top before it was cool
It's kind of difficult to keep them all in Greece against their will
Nop and after i started high school I just left all the *useless* books below my desk
Of course, I have seen it many many times from afar when driving, but never actually been there
Turkey: We don't really have a problem with the people but we hate your government
He was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire during that time
It took a lot of effort
I was looking for the Greek comment haha
It has many flavors,  Cherry, Orange, lemon, Mastiha, cranberry
Such as the [Nerieds] , the [Limnads] and others
Isn't CHP supposed to the more liberal "moderate" party in Turkey?
Oh yes the ID card issue is huge
This compromise in a two party system happens inside the party.
The Roman Empire changed religion from paganism to Christianity, it didn't change from paganism to Orthodoxy.
The epic second season that lasted for half an episode before it got split into a bunch of spinoffs with varying degrees of success
Most people living in a country would stay united against an external threat.
So you get an eggplant that has been fried on cheap shitty oil
I think it was used like normie or something I'm not sure
An hour has passed
Joking aside I don't think we get blamed for anything really
You forgot Greece
Without a filter I'd probably go with bottled water
Once upon a time, a pretty big group of people went down Greece, found a nice place, slaughtered the locals and kept the rest as slaves
Yea unfortunately it is an oldie...
I think that Roupakias who was the murderer of Fyssas was founded guilty last year
For context I am pontic Greek, so my family and especially my grandmother often use words (or to be precise their pontic Greek equivalents which sound similar) like yavrum, çıkar, ciğer
Was that before or after you whitewashed them
The real one isn't that vulgar though it still contains cursing
2 years ago i was staying on a village just below etna
Yeah,  I think Pythagoras gave that name first
New iphone 7 Plus commercial takes place in a Greek village
I used language transfer to get a foundation in Italian long ago, and now I'm trying to learn French, and I used their french course to get a foundation too
Thanks I'll probably go through there since I am going by car are there any places you recommend in Sofia
No wait, we are open to ideas, I wanna hear what he has to say about army spheres
Quite annoying to marry a girl for her glorious braids only for her to cut them on your wedding night.
It's still used to describe someone who has betrayed you, especially if he did it behind your back
* Aegean Islands: Sea-fearer, engaged in the tourism business, *toooo* calm
* [Athens Concert Hall] (1991)
We got what we deserve I guess
Χαχαχαχα, i see you are a man of culture
He's known in Greece but not *that* known.
Maybe they got bit one time too many in their home turf and decided they needed a warning sign?
This is how colonial territories work
Nobody really is against that, it was probably the right thing to do
But our notion of government, rights, liberalism etc.
Yes it is
Although they're doing something on Android 11 with chat bubbles for all apps, but it seems kinda wonky for now, you need to pin specific contacts or something and only those contacts are permanent bubbles it seems (haven't tried it, can't say for sure)
Closest common usage I can think of is referring to *the hestia of the fire* or *multiple hesties* to mean active wildfire hotspots
Do you have internet in Greece
I'll admit I haven't heard that one haha
Eh 30 degrees is manageable, it's not that bad
Your opinion doesn't matter anyway.
Brexit suits them perfectly here as they will have another excuse to underfund and destroy the NHS and ... hey, they can blame the popular vote and a bad EU deal for that
Greece, I mean the Turks still call us Rum (Romans), how based is that
Neápoli - New town
GD even at it's peak never got more than 7% of the popular vote
I don't know I guess I liked how in TV shows everyone decorated theirs and it just looked like a cool thing to have
Mikonos
We trully live in the dankest timeline.
Oh for like army
EU people hate Erdogan, not Turkish people .
I know a little bit, but I would like to educate myself in order to expand my knowledge about you
Yeah, but since Erdogan is blocking access to the internet, they now have to do it the old fashioned way.
i would really love to have a sauna in my home, it's so relaxing, but sadly they are kinda rare here
The most shocking thing is that a lot of countries have higher prices for water compared to sodas, beer etc
It is an inspiring place to be fair
They put many baddies behind bars.
Some were even born here and have Greek names
They're just trying to get accepted to western societies
So maybe, just maybe, the integration failure is not entirely on the immigrants?
Mostly prominent within grandparents; it is something that was transferred to the next generations as well
2) There are so many words for about the same thing (παπάρα-papara, μαλάκα-malaka, καριόλη-karyoli, μουνόπανο-munopano all essentially mean asshole)
Left wing is bad
Salivating
Well yes, but we sum it all up in a 5min broadcast, cause  otherwise our politicians wouldn't get any TV time to tell their own awkward, stupid, outrageous BS
Yeah I miss the sea :(
Is it common in Netherlands to steal bikes
I don't think this is happening
Greece is commited to retiring almost all the lignite powerplants by 2023 and replacing them with renewable energy sources
Snow itself is hardly a common thing in my country
In Crete where I live, there's a historical myth, that's most likely correct, that says that the island was filled with trees but the ottoman sultan cut them down for the empire's fleet
Sorry for that
In this case they also did what the law and international treaties say.
what the fuck how have I not seen this
Huhh, in Welsh it's squirrel=wiwer
Περικλής (Pericles) - Athenian politician of the 5th century BC, which is nicknamed 'the golden century of Pericles' in our history books
What is more terrifying is that the people that have fallen for this will never admit they were fooled and will continue to scream "fake news".
I think it's pretty popular here
In southern Greece as well
I'd say ''Europe cannot possibly defend itself against Russia without
3% of all tonnage under the various EU member state flags
I don't have photography skills, I just enjoyed these taken with my phone.
[Rebetiko] A type of music both pleasing to the ear and historically significant
Was going to say exactly this
Albania: Sometimes
I adored them
Δες τα αποτελεσματα που ειχε στην ανατολικη Ευρωπη.
But we also consider Serbians our brothers :)
You have Turkey as your neighbor now
I can say that 2/3 of my friends didn't eat nearly as good as I did but I was privileged to have a pontic Greek grandma who was untouchable when it comes to food
I think [this] a tad more realistic..
Cap them
Because this is a deal we've made.
I'm from Crete but I Grew up in Attica and my family used to be in a Vendetta when someone was operating my Great Grandfathers excavator and he rolled over and died and his family blamed my great grandpa and I don't know how that ended
None, they all sound like barbaric gibberish
You good
More likely Erdogan has 13 years to arrest them for being Gulenists/terrorists/whatever.
unlawful imprisonment does tend to be called kidnapping -hey a black/jew/greek/nordic/japanese looking guy shoot up a street lets put them all in "camps" - sound reasonable to you?
To be fair I usually listen while driving or working so
Yes that will do :)))
Start with Mesopotamian civilizations, ancient Egypt then Persia
But I don't think eastern European is an insult
yes yes thank you thats what im referring to
In September the normal weather for Greece is around 23
Parties of hate speech lead to parties of murder
As for the islands, I suppose that if you found an island that was fertile enough and you had a way to solve the water problem then living there in isolation wouldn't be too far fetched
Once used the word smattering amount with an Irish person and he instantly complimented my knowledge of english as a second language
Greek too
Not for the Serbian president it seems.
The fact that the existence of unifying rules doesn't play such an important role at the formation of new language is clear from the fact that many newly evolved languages were created from language which actually had such rules
No matter what the nationalists say, we would.
I used language transfer to get a foundation in Italian long ago, and now I'm trying to learn French, and I used their french course to get a foundation too
There are two kinds of basketball fans.
I'm not a beach person either
Keep in mind though that the constitution prohibits the office of the President of the Republic to a natural born citizen
to be honest the only thing I loved about Manhattan
-5 to 3 is fairly cold
Year 9: Modern History (1821 - 1990)
I live in Greece
*soviet anthem intensifies*
I can already see more airspace violations, maybe some muslim prayers in Hagia Sophia and definatelly some comments about Greek islands being Turkish and how the West screwed Turkey with the signing of the Treaty of Laussane.
Interesting
I've always wondered why the typical American pronunciation is perceived as the easier one
I believe the worst native name from my country is probably "  Σεραφείμ "
I wasn't really aware of that,  sorry for not mentioning it
Orval was rather generic but it was supermarket bought, in France, would there be a difference with one from a bar or i n belgium?
I learned Spanish through music.
But even now that the law changed they very rarely enter to stop this kind of situation unless it escalates in more serious crimes (like drug dealing, storing clubs and makeshift weapons, sheltering illegal immigrants etc) because it has been normalised through the years in the Greek society as a normal situation
But 15°C indoors is pretty cold imo
Carthago delenda est
Fortunately there are people ho are democratic and supporters of freedom in that alliance
Nah she was just looking out for me it was like a suggestion because in these exams the guys who correct them would simply give you a bad grade if they had trouble reading your hand writing because they correct so many exams they have no tolerance
The corruption scandal could be the biggest ever in Greece as nobody really knows how much money was truly stolen by ND/PASOK politicians over the last few decades, tens of billions is likely a conservative estimate.
I get that fear, I travel a lot between theessaloniki and Crete, sometimes with a connection flight from Athens
Turkey : How can a Muslim nation produce so many alcoholics
That was the whole deal, no one weighed the benefits when it came to the whole "NHS bus" thing
It feels like melancholy, in some way
OK so it was the glagolitic but the Cyrillic was based on that right
It is considered kinda affordable, there are cheap stuff and stuff hat are more expensive, but the quality of it's products is regarded as good
That's also where the ancient byzantine walls start and go up north
Although we liberated Greece, the Nazi  collaborators won the war, thanks to the British
No wonder why a unification seems impossible
I have lots of cousins, most of which I’m close with
And don't even get me started on the Baltics
Most mountains have small villages built on them
1932 bankruptcy
Just like a few Nazis voting for PiS doesn't make them a fascist party
If you avoid the touristic places (I do not mean the touristic destinations, but rather the touristic restaurants), you'll get to experience what Greek food is all about
This is now trending in Greece and people everywhere talk about it.
The Soviet union was going for full anexation.
Marine Le Pen launches presidential campaign, unveils her 144 commitments
Not to mention, they were briefly an independent country
My fluency in English and my little knowledge of German allowed me to **partially** understand the north Germanic languages (except for Icelandic) before I got to learn Danish
Serbian FM says recognition of ‘Republic of Macedonia’ was ‘foolish’
BTW What do you like to drink in USA, in the State you live
This one is used only for bulk, which is a typical thing to do as many people have their own groves or families/friends with groves or just prefer to get it from their/a village
But he did pretty bad really, and in the process caused an immigrant crisis in europe.
Meanwhile, our government passed a law which says both (paid) colleges and public (free) universities are equal now
-Amalia
Great job OP, it looks neat
No country ever is just evil or a saint
Extremely popular since forever, not to do with the recent fashion trend
Kebab is that meat on the stick thing.
The "autonomous radical visionaries" or whatever who are often involved in crimes like this can't form coherent ideas anyways.
Pyrgos is gypsy capital of Greece, and yup, one of the worst cities
They would have been better under the Austrian Empire than independent anyway.
Flanders
If you're official name is Αθανάσιος, you can be called Θάνος, Θανάσης etc while if you are eg registered as Θάνος, you're always a Θάνος.
I would prefer more political and economic cooperation between EU member states rather than with dispute territories
As for the other four, I could eat any of them anytime
The article doesn't paint them with a better brush.
Ok, whatever, I'm not here to decide if he was of Vlahic or Serbian descent, a guy asked me for a source and I sent one.
Danke mein Deutscher Freund
Macedonians, Epirotes, Thessalians, Thracians feel more connected to their respected areas (or simply Northeners) and then Greeks Fter that
If you were right, the sharp decline wouldn't happen BEFORE the deal]
Literally everyone
Wait, what did you or us do
Also we we're taught that chapter mainly through songs against fascist italy sung by the rebels
An image about Schengen and EU countries  [
I came back with three huge jars, which I never want to let go
we have yellow press or yellow journalism  which is sensationalized news that aim to attract readers and audience without presenting news that are necessarily accurate
It's a pity dialects dont pass as languages, like Grico, Cretan, Cypriot, Pontic etc
You really don't need to be that immature.
The FN is not even close to a far right party.
As soon as you fly to Athens, you need another 45’ flight to one of the cities of Crete island (or 8h ferry), another ~2h drive to a small town south of Crete and another 4h ferry, which you can only catch 2-3 times a week if you are lucky and it’s not very windy
He was born abroad, his mother was American, and he lived completely abroad until he was 22 years old
Thank you for your kind words
Its practical
Only before sleep
I didn't mean milk bars as we say cereal bars , I meant bars that sell milk instead of alcohol
That's a clear problem with austerity.
some believe that any publicity is good
Trying to follow the rules and do things properly, without trying to pull any favors or find someone from the inside
People didn't like him because he
Yeah but i m not sure about the actual ranking.
It's unjustified only if you are young.
Not ideal by any means but it has to be pointed out
If by that you mean the Byzantines, then yes
Then it's time for you to go, unelected Donald.
No and it's deeply disappointing
I have countless American friends from college that went there
I have never *ever* been once in a place where guests are expected to take their shoes off.
Like you said, if you ask in English directly, they might not understand
shows the dangers of living in a bubble
5ml) is 0
im disappointed
Finally Haiti too
You are now a moderator of /r/AkSaray.
Εντάξει όμως δεν χρησιμοποιείται πολύ συχνά και έτσι όπως χρησιμοποιούνται οι γενιές στην Αμερική. Επιπλέον δεν υπάρχει στενή κατηγοριοποίηση των γενιών. πχ η γενιά του πολυτεχνείου ανέφερες δεν είναι επίσημος όρος. Στην Αμερική έχουν επίσημου όρους για κάθε γενιά.
Nowadays, the current government is very active on this part
Doubt that but then again the conversation is pointless until it actually happens.
Except for 'footing'.
I have to say
Fashion-wise the clothes are always sub-par
My English failed me on this one
8 octó
The countryside (especially in the northwest) is far, far more beautiful, but you don't have access to city-life facilities there
But I think cow milk is more common, but I am not sure, because it may differs from town to town or between cities and rural areas
That said, I have no problem eating tons of yoghurt-based tzatziki
Of course Serbs and Macedonians (the Slavic ones) are pretty much the same people culturally speaking and are actually a lot more religious than Greeks so I understand that they have their own orthodox community
> Internationally, it is not prohibited to declare independence unilaterally, but states have the right to protect their territorial integrity
In the 1900s the most of the Greek population moved to Athens and Thessaloniki but in recent years they've started going back smaller towns and cities, the population of Athens and Thessaloniki has been dropping in recent years while the population of Patras and Heraklion along with other cities has been rising
Having worked on the bars and cafes during the summer, I know that .
"You're in a Jewish temple, with Christian architecture and Muslim decoration
Just today I was telling my father how I wish to visit Morocco
Alright to end off this conversation I just said that I've seen some turks, not all turks, claim that he is ethnically Turkish
You can change it at 17 with the consent of the parents  or at 18 without anything .
That's not feasible for Greece, unless you want to start killing everyone who attempts to cross the border.
I wonder if any other languages have this
You aren't in western/southern Europe though :)
My aunt used to watch it and I recall watching a few episodes with her and wanting to cry of boredom
Damn, you might wanna take a look at [this
I guess
We use commas as decimal separators
After all the provocations from your country, what do you expect?
Not until he call every country on Europe Nazis
Well, us Greeks we love you, but our government is fully compromised
I hate the sun ,i love cloudy weather .
we like to call them "neighborhood pets"
My father's village is literally named "Fig Castle" and 5 minutes from it is a village named "Egg", you dont begin to realise how stupid names are untill you think of it from another's perspective.
Speaking from many many summers of experience in playing "guess the tourist" in Greece
I will call them year 1-12 just for simplicity
Jail is not a dangerous place for nazis
I wish we had a tank game like that when I was in pre-school.
Germany and Austria or directly USA
[Many have to do with religion as it was typical of Christians to adjust religious beliefs through ancient Greek customs and traditions] That was a known tactic as it was helping the new christians relate with it easier
I believe that Thessaloniki and mostly northern Greece are in better conditions
Last time we went in Amsterdam we tried to be as conscious as possible, but you are just used after so many years "Ok this is the place for the cars, so this is the place for the pedestrians, end of story".
not italian so take this with a grain of salt, but an old bus engine self-igniting when you're at 40 degrees celsius with little humidity isn't that unlikely
Yellow and black should be on the flag outside of blue and white
I love winters, there is something romantic and warm being inside with friends playing board games and drinking while it's cold or even snowing outside
Doing this on toddlers for religious reasons is inhumane, and in my opinion nothing short of torturous
Thanks bro
IT'S HAPPENINGGGGG
Berlin gives Tsipras the cold shoulder
The Word literally means friend of honor, and is used to descripe that we deeply care about something
idk how you call them - Jeep
Greek has basically the exact same system as English
Do not worry good neighbours.I swear we dont have secret bases where we hide the extra stuff.I swear we havent found the [Marble Emperor] and working on ressurecting him.
And about the protests, I'm supporting them ofc
A Latvian talking about having an emigration crisis while a Greek is present should be illegal.
Kemal Ataturk
I believe that the countries that are actively engaged in conflicts like the Syrian one should be responsible for most of the refugees.
I managed to find [this] which seems to share the same source (FAO)
160m making it a perfect winter destination, houses are made in a beautiful stone/wooden style and the local food is PHENOMENAL
I live in suburbs and I am also not reliant to car
Current Greek culture is is very different from Germany, Norway, Iceland etc
For sure Albanian
Thats so weird for me
Turkish surnames are common even in Greeks from mainland ex.
They probably wonder why is everyone upside down
the (court-martial) Court of the six
Using "kæreste" is what made me fall deeper in love with Danish, it's just so wholesome and cute
Perhaps French/German would be officially more popular, but that's school level, not actually spoken
(Greece)
" and he answers "I have no idea at all, I don't think it's a real word
We love you just for calling us Hellas tbh
Ελβετία (Helvetia, Switzerland)
Pretty much almost all Yugoslavia with some extra additions.
Saying that Serbs have a lot to do with the Byzantines is like saying all of the Balkans have a lot to do with Byzantines, which is not true.
E.g.
It's just that I personally can't hear greek on any other setting (action, horror etc
I have seriously been thinking of moving to Germany, and even though I know the younger generation is nothing like what the Germany of 1940 was, I still find the thought of facing the older people’s racist ideologies scary
My friends watched it dubbed and the florist has a stereotypical italian accent in Greek, along with a very flamboyant type of speech which is just so foreign to me
I don't think all europeans would be on board with this
When was the last time you saw some actual updates on the Baltics, Ukraine or Turkey?
I wish you will become whole one day again
Grave in Greek is "tafos"
The sirtaki from Zorbas and Zeibekiko tis Evdokias maybe
My grandfather took part in the resistance movement in Greece during the nazi occupation in ww2
Well, if you were from an EU country, things might have been more easier.
Judging by this we are dealing with a major troll mayor
I'm the one who usually cooks (I love cooking)
Also had some great food in the city square (or whatever the restaurant was)
I had to take the bus and the station was already far
And so on till 19 where 20 is ìkosi
The junta was over, many of the junta instigators went to prison for life and three of them were sentenced to death for their actions, but Karamanlis reverted them to life imprisonment as a show of good faith
Where I live the weather today is 23-31 C .
I am sure it can't get any worse.
Sincere question, would it be controversial to say Alexander was greek
Hey, another Serb who thinks that whoever disagrees with him is an Albanian.
You are not delusional, you just refuse to take in any information that contradicts your opinions
No country ever is just evil or a saint
I live in an outskirt of thessaloniki and im pretty close to like 1-2 of my neighbours who are elders and then i just have some casual talk with the others
Apparently, it's a [Balkan thing]
θα έλεγα και εγώ το ίδιο. ίσως και ο βόλος, επειδή, γιατί όχι;
In Greece we have a tradition called Οχι day (Όχι means no in Greek) which celebrates the time where we said no to the nazis and beat them when they wanted to take over
Also we we're taught that chapter mainly through songs against fascist italy sung by the rebels
You get the pattern
What was your impression of Greeks?
[ha ha]
wtf
Essentially cabbage leaves stuffed with meatball mix with karolina rice (local variety afaik, no idea what's it called outside of Greece or if it's grown even), boiled then finished in thick avgolemono egg-lemon sauce
Kissinger literally told Turkey they can have all of Cyprus
There's so much more to say about the Refugee Crisis of 1923 and onward, and I think that Greece would not be the same country it is today without these people
Erdogan tells Merkel to abandon ‘Islamist terror’ phrase
But generally I don't know very much about them
We use χ and pronounce it like the word “he”
even the few times it was outside margin of error , hillary was always on top.
If it makes you feel better, just remember this is global warming in action.
Already told you; she is breaking a law.
I was looking at the picture trying to figure out what exactly the scars are , and then it hit me and was like " oh
It also has quite simple grammar
The minorities were wiped out and Greek refugees from Turkey as well as economic immigrants from the Balkans took their place
''pasta with ketchup'', ''muslim Serbs'', ''Tesla is Croat''= Fucking hell you'll get beaten if you say these!
Seems fair
I mean, yeah there are many strong-headed people over here and if they feel attacked they're fast to get ultra defensive and attack back, but I'm pretty sure there are also many people who are willing to have civilized conversations lol
Fuck yeah, spread it
Fate of eight Turkish airmen is an acid test for democracy | Nick Cohen | Opinion
I hear you guys, but the top answer should be Croatia
Aye Greece too, we really are very much alike at the end of the day
Let's also have Constantinople and Asia Minor!
Μάχου ὑπέρ πίστεως καί πατρίδος! Ζήτω τό ἔθνος ἡμῶν εἰς τούς αἰώνας τῶν αἰώνων!
Never knew, though, that there is such thing as a liver sausage, wow
But then again we are bankrupt.
, how many reforms have they done so far?
Euler diagram for multinational European organizations (updated with 5 additional groupings)
Mythos has a totally different meaning
I would feel home in Ukraine too
I can only find [this] Take a look at page 37, which I have no idea what it says since I have no idea about German :p
We don’t have Catacombs but Athens does have underground passages which were used for safety during the World Wars
It's a leftover religious symbol and I don't like it
) Many tourists think it's because of pour government/economic crisis, which is frustrating as it is, when the truth is that we just don't like rats
filotima neutral plural
Hygiene is very important here
Damn, everyone except Poland took a hit in 2009.
I mentioned Barbies just to show that sometimes parent may have good intentions but fail to understand that a childs behavior isn't directly linked to its sexuality nor is it static.
ugly
Again, may you please point out where exactly I wrote that the EU is completely innocent and blameless
The post you replied to is very interesting because it shows the kind of propaganda that is commonplace in Turkey.
They just put some stops in front of its back wheels
But if we did, it would be by a firing squad or hanging
Seeing heavily armed police officers is extremely rare, as in something really bad must have happened for them to get out
I found what this place looks like in the winter: [link]
I think not only because it was in the center but also because of its Historical importance, being the most important ancient Greek city and the source of the most popular Ancient Greek people (Sokrates, Pericles etc)
It's rumored he was very compassionate about his soldiers, but really fucking stupid when it came to their needs
It will get old
He should not interfere in US elections.
The Danish blødt d is represented in IPA by [ð̠ˠ]
Ffs now I realize that it will make sense for a greedy mind like Putin's to actually claim Malta because of this.
i'd say Cyprus, we speak the same language but they have a funny accent
It's either not big enough, or backed by the hated West.
No thank you, I won't be a part of this forced ridicule
Big strong hairy Turk daddies mmm
BTW what do you think about that
If I'd miss the bus, two hours
Unfortunately, the EU, at its current form, is too slow and fragmented to pose as a serious antagonist to these superpowers
Most Russians support their government unconditionally, so it's not like they are getting screwed up for no reason.
They're a tiny minority in Turkey as far as I can tell
But now its super easy to pay with card and avoid it
Were I would struggle is to spell it out quickly but then again I am not a native speaker, if you allowed me to right it down first I think I would be fine
Yes a year ago this sub went through a faze where people were posting these constantly, this one in particular is a repost
It often leads to "well the Soviets killed more than the Nazis" which is very very close to Nazi apologism cause the reason the Nazis didn't kill WAY more than the Soviets and didn't exterminate entire ehtnicities, is cause they lost
So if I learn Norwegian I would be able to understand all Scandinavian languages
Ignoring History isn't living in the present but living in limbo.
Mostly by banning certain travel agencies and single Brits
the mountains on the other side
Disputed territories means two countries claim the same land/sea, what do you mean by exchange
Even the devaluation of Greek bonds was not applied to those held by the European bank in Frankfurt
Yes
(Edit: changed “beat” to “best”
All of this clearly shouldn't happen, but we need to agree on one thing first before any meaningful discussion: Greece was overspending, and this was unsustainable.
because of their three year program studies etc.
Some people are welcoming and some people are xenophobic
The hubris of hillary was made complete when she pretended that she , a former first-lady who couldn't even win the senate seat in her home state, was somehow the feminist icon of self-made woman, and she turned the entire campaign around women.
Greek speaking Cypriots are the Cypriots
Beautiful landscape
There are literally trillions of Euros stashed there in gold silver and the like
Oh don't you worry, I'm reporting in Rhodes in 2 weeks :|
The only thing greek junta did is give them the perfect reason to attack
(Also to this day the Greek name for Marseilles is massalia)
Euro Area would be about the same with EU28 if it wasn't for Greece and Spain which looking at the graph look like outliers.
And no backpacks allowed by the way
Ankara= Agkyra
I think my opinion is quite controversial but I'm gonna go with Alexander
We pay for shit like this, for an extravaganza of celebration that people won't be able to enjoy
I think you underestimate how many peoples' relatives live/work/study in the UK, they have many of the best universities in EU and some of the most high paying jobs
Strategically I guess we are quite important but also I love the culture that evolved because of the nice warm weather
Wow
Not anything I can remember nonetheless
Dunno tho, what do you think
The timing, his hands position
Gunshots reported at Paris Orly airport, man shot, airport evacuated
Students of private schools take the Panhellenic exams and the final exams every year for six years
We are a country where many Europeans spend their holidays on since we have very cheap prices and idyllic scenery
It isn't actually a big deal at all
Then of course we spend years on ancient Greece, then Rome then Byzantium
I learned something new today
Come on man we arent gonna win another one for 100 years.Give us this one!!
If you don't mind my asking, does Finland's educational system help gifted students in any other way?
The EU hasn't said anything about Turkey fucking occupying another EU country (Cyprus) their not going to say anything about a shitty uninhabited island.
Was there last year towards end of February - beginning of March
Yeah, that’s a real word, suuuuure
We really use too few phonemes.
[Here you go]
I guess I should be honoured my picture got so many upvotes
can confirm
Stealing money from the citizens and the government, if you are a politician
I am sure that is what the subconscious message they want to send :D
whilst having literally no reason for it.
The communist guerilla fighters were the resistance during the occupation
But Greek speakers pronounce words with the contemporary pronounciation because, essentially, it's the same alphabet.
He just wanted to show everyone how stupid people look when they smoke
Due to the current economic crisis, which begun about 10 years ago, many people view northern Europeans negatively, because they are the creditors, but German get a special acknowledgement here, mainly by morons who think Germany owes us reparations for WWII
Ministry of Defense here too, I doubt anything suggesting offense exist, I assume in countries where it's not named ministry of defense it would be something like ministry of military or something like that
Maybe you are confusing one of them with Mehmed II.
Europe’s Defense Spending to Rise as Global Threats Proliferate
Both greece and turkey are usually very civil on reddit and we usually end up exchanging wishes and/or heart emojis if Thephalanx23 doesn't join the thread
I don't think being open to the dialogue with Russia makes one necessarily pro-Russian.
France : I was 13 years old, school trip
The SS genocided entire villages, committed endless atrocities to the greek people, and they dare call themselves patriots while having swastika tattoos and doing nazi salutes
In France I have fiber for 15 euros
Or literally during our independence war
We agree to disagree
EDIT : I didn't mean milk bars as we say cereal bars , I meant bars that sell milk instead of alcohol
Just guessing though
And a lot of times when it comes to supporting a candidate not being right wing is enough for some people.
The other is clarinogambrós (κλαρινογαμπρός) literally meaning clarinet groom
How can you say something that stupid?
> We use χ and pronounce it like the word “he”
6%? Wow
I have lots of cousins, most of which I’m close with
Távli it's played by almost every Greek
He just humiliated our country at an international level
Ηλιόλουστη χώρα και θα έβαζα και τον θεσμό της οικογένειας που κρατά πολύ ακόμα στην Ελλάδα.
However municipal police is unarmed
Olives, they fucking stink
That is why those smell like skunk
We were nearly always in the bottom in Jeux Sans Frontieres
An internet era phenomenon, mainly used by younger people.
A population exchange was agreed and there were a shit ton of people that had to leave their home
Like I've read here beore, Brexit to those who wanted to leave only makes sense if UK was the first of many countries to leave EU, since "EUSSR" is evil and horrible and nobody wants to be in it
The IMF takes the role of a consultant in this article and I make the presumption that the report is indeed not written with an agenda in mind.
Dutch rap is not that bad
Most often parents will know less languages than their children so no
View from a street in Litochoro, Greece (Mt.
With vdsl* you will get ~50 down ~5 up for 30-35 euro and you get obligatory minutes on your land-line to justify the price
If this thread is under censor the mods are doing a shitty job at censoring it.
On New Years Eve Morning, small children go door to door singing the [New Years Eve carol] for treats/small amount of money (the same happens in Christmas Eve btw but with a different song).
Have in mind the the Americans built that federation from scratch many many years ago.
What no one knew is that there were 3 colonels preparing theirs
Russia doesn't give a shit about them, they're just delusional and think that just because Russians fought with them in WW1 that they actually care about Serbia.
The first image is from an ancient mural 1500 B.C. at Santorini !
We are very group oriented in general and people kind of pity you and thunk you have no friends to go out with
Unless you are loaded, Mykonos might be pretty but it's not worth it
I'm not quite sure this was an Islamic fundamentalism related attack, method is totally different
We 're not in growth mode, everyone is drowning in taxes and businesses moving out.
Predatory practises like this are pretty common in tourist areas but you are never defenceless against them, even in a foreign country
What it lacks is an analog system Democracy - just like most democratic nations do, to a smaller or greater extent.
Btw the weird thing about anti-EU sentiment is that think that eu turns Europe into a Nazi empire and from the other hand they consider that it has a extreme left wing agenda
Sure thing, Satan
Sadly, neither our homes are built to dissipate heat
But it's hard to maintain a household with a family
If you mean Glifada, well, I speak about regular people
Btw they saved us from communism so he has a point
Generally I don't want animals in my house
It's at the borders of the districts of Thessaly and Macedonia in North - central Greece
Well, i can’t say I agree with you but it’s indeed a good song
First time I heard (many years ago) that this wasn't the case in other countries, I thought that the whole world was weird
Radio stations and TV channels
At least it's a beautiful city, unlike Brussels
>“All  those collaborators went into the system,” says Manilos Glezos
Yes, I know, an actual book
* Nitrogen - Azoto
>A Turkish businessmsn residing in Utrecht told BBC Türkçe that Tanış had "fought in Chechnya" and that a "few years ago [Tanış] was arrested and released for his connection to ISIS
Better than the one sided coverage most media offer imo.
Hurr mass murderers and criminals lesser evil if it was 1940 I would be killing Soviets with the Nazis
so far (as far as I know) nothing major happened in the US and users experience the same quality of services as before
TIL "Mega" is "Omega" in Cyprus
Indeed
Odds are they were the paramilitary group for some party until they saw an opportunity to become a political party
In some places like big cities,  it's easy to find a Mexican restaurant .
We still call it ''Mikra Asia'' in Greek, meaning Asia Minor
If the europeans are not willing to lower their primary surplus target, the IMF is asking for about 4bn worth of extra austerity measures in order to achieve the 3.5% primary surplus target.
We sometimes call the Turks Uruk Hai :)
Which I don't but I'm just saying
We elect 300 members of parliament (βουλευτές), the party that has over 150 seats is tasked with forming a government and traditionally the party leader becomes the prime minister
you were speaking about the lenders..
Happy Birthday Balkan bros
Why drive 45 minutes downtown when a train can get you there in 20
There are more Greeks than you imagine who consider that big glass with frappe (the coffee you are referring to)  as the worst kind of coffee (personally, I like it)
Afaik the EU is pushing third states to treat all EU- members in the same manner
Later myth gave her an origin story as a beautiful nymph who gets turned into a monster
Poland --> Makes me wonder how they're able to stand this alt-far right government they have.
Who are you
>Since we are in the same boat
Shouldn't Ukraine and Russia be a little more hostile in the first Pic considering they are at war irl
The case for safe data havens is valid.
Too much talking and last minute planing
Because I'm pretty sure such luxuries don't exist in public schools
>Quite the opposite I would say
You're supposed to renew it every 15 years but no one does and I've seen 40-year-old ID cards used with no issues
Our first king was Otto of Bavaria
Quick question, what's the impact of nuclear power generation to the environment compared to fossil and coal
Apparently that's because someone in their family did a pilgrimage to the Holy lands, Hadj being the Muslim equivalent that got used probably cause of Turkish influence
Those feats are standard for liberal democracies everywhere
So are you ok with Quebec leaving Canada?
Many people praise him, and say stuff like "Yeah but because of that military Junta we have these" beautiful" streets now" Imo People who say shit like that aren't necessarily right-wingers
Some Americans think that Belgium is a city, others think that it is Bulgaria
: What are you laughing for
Many people worked on this please do not try to get credit for it
Not stupid , just something that I remember lol
The ideal answer to this is an upgraded infrastructure system that plans for groups like elderly people and people with disabilities, maybe a dedicated bus line or something similar
I'm generally fairly interested about different issues in different parts of the globe, but I have more interest about my country's.
Public beaches and ski resorts are closed
Trump bought his way through education, there's former associates of his claiming he doesn't know jack-sh\*t on many subjects, he just pays associates most of the time to do the thinking for him (though I think that's apparent from the crazy yiayia+taxi driver bs he'd spout for the virus)
Objectively, it sucks having to move through one if you have to
That's  not offensive , in some cases it's good
Fair enough, although that's kind of an every-small-city kinda thing
There has been no realistic or even achievable proposal for that issue from the UK side
Hungarians want the cake and eat it too
You know what, I never imagined I'd grow up to appreciate S.A.G.A.P.O. but here I am
Japan
We owe them so much
He is still very punctual, like when he needs to go to an agency or shop or something, but we're living in Greece so he has to wait for the Greeks to arrive late, lol
well, pigs
By someone named Nick Nicholas
But not all of Italy, just the south
It's a really good way to practice /ʁ/ and /ð̠ˠ/ too
lol in Greece everyone gets fatter in the army cause they order delivery food every day
I can't imagine Hitler had good plans for the Mediterranean peoples in a Nazi regime, at best we would have been second-class citizens
And yes, it is a "liberal elitist" thing having a higher education in the States because you have to be able to afford it.
In Athens it snows once every few years
We are not starving ourselves to death.
or any of the nuclear reactors on the vicinity of that huge area?
We love you too bros(as long as you are in our side in ww3)
-Frederica
Small countries have to get by with what limited resources they have.
Image not wearing a mask on the bus and the president just walks in
• You can rearrange the words in a sentence any way you want and it will still be grammatically correct
this site  is one of the hypothetical locations of atlantis
Every so often they each fly in the airspace the other claims
Our Santa Claus lives in modern Turkey Kappadokia
So on a given name's day you pop around from party to party hosted by all the people you know of the name being celebrated
So can you please stop whining about 1 flight buring the 200th anniversary of my country pretending as if it is going to have any impact whatsoever on the environment
He said during an interview that if his party wants to be re-elected, they're gonna have to start putting people in prison
He just knows what Erdogan does to his enemies behind the scenes.
Because the the southern -Mediterranean European countries have better climate to grow vegetables,  they are good in production of olive oil etc
I get shivers when I have to visit a friend if there are buses involved
I thought the same thing when I saw that
That is, as long as you don't threaten our members of course.
Fyi:
There are no Greek spoken in Turkey
There was violence and Tutkey invaded the first time, occupying 3% of the island
Since everyone is posting views from street with a mountain in background here is mine too.
Wanker mine, if think that you can work me, are mistaken
A deal must be done to settle the whole thing once and for all.
No Xmas tree here, have a [Xmas boat]
Another thing is that nobody wears desert boots here butthey seem common throughout North Europe
I dare not ask if this is real
It was 10 years ago and he still claims it to be the most disgusting thing he has ever had
except not a single greek that saw this thinks its anywhere near accurate, i guess we are all amazing and exceptional like all redditors...
During the Middle Ages, the island fell to Saracen conquest
Except the UK where libertarianism is a normal position for someone to have.
Greece haves army there, emperor knows that , sent an army to land the jokes will get real
Here in Norhern Greece, the after effects of Chernobyl are still being felt and mess up the pollution ratings in certain regions.
more simple: a hotline for when women harass men to fix their computers.
We also have [Tabouras]
Always has been
Because it's a fact
The people that are 50 and down, and most educated people aged 70-90, will not view someone that is atheist as something bad nor they will criticize him
Where did they mainly  go
The regions aren't set in stone
Dictatorship
I think it would match the siege of Vienna more, with the Rohirrim matching the Hussars charge that broke the siege and all
This was very expected to be honest
Also, astrology
I saw a documentary about Phoenix recently and I was terrified lol
Most kids hate it because we have more hours of ancient Greek than physics for example
The same is true for the people I interact
i can imagine how putin is already amassing the army of mordor to invade poland and the baltic in general for no reason what so ever
Had to look so far down for this one
For better or for worse sex sells.
All smokers that I know  smoke only on specific occasions
Having sex with children makes you a child molester, not a pedophile, just like being attracted to children makes you a pedophile but not a child molester.
Greece should be its own lemon zone
10€: fifty large chicken eggs
Just two other very famous ones that were stolen
It has friendly people, high quality of life, good salaries,  open minded society without extreme right wing parties in it's parliament
Δεν την λένε φτωχομανα χωρίς λόγο, η Θεσσαλονίκη είναι πολύ πίσω για το μέγεθος της και σίγουρα έχεις ακούσει φράση του στυλ, ο βορράς είναι άλλη χώρα.
ITS TIME TO STOP
Do your offices/schools and such have showers and changing rooms where you change
That's fucking odd for sure
You really took it too far back,no reason to do that really.
(no offense)
"Piase Kokkino" which in loose translation means "Touch Red".
Touristy and noisy or quiet and relaxing?
Now realizing I've probably hurt a few people when I actually did what I said I would do
Everyday malakía
I mean even accrding to your description the bike is in teh wrong lane.
at school they have some old Dell computers with windows XP and everyone just plays Friv on them even though they can barely run it
Ok thanks for the answer
Well Greece never sold weapons to Syria, or Iraq or whatever, nor did our Prime minister basically invited everyone to Europe.
We welcome our summer vacation overlords!
*Achtually* the French kings bought the title claims to the Byzantine empire by the last exiled Byzantine prince, so *technically*, and if we even assume the Republic acknowledges these, France is the de jure heir to the Empire
I also didn't insult anyone, whereas you talk about 'assholes'.
A country close to Indonesia and Malaysia
It's funny because Greece won the the previous Euro (2004)
So why have they achieved meme status in Italy
Αυτο δεν το ηξερα
500 episodes total)
i never browse the Greek internet so in the day i use english almost as much as Greek especially now that we're in quarantine again
&#x200B;
British museum has A TON of Greek artifacts
TGIF and Ruby Tuesday's chains also came and went at some point
1821, we should never go independent
According to Wikipedia, The murder rate in Texas is 4.4 per 100.000 people and in France 1.2 per 100.000
The sound of "I" (as in "dig") can be written with 5 different ways for example
Mush beans
I guess because we're not in the Balkans?Cause we're not.
In basketball, though, I'm with us !
I'm stating historical facts, not blaming no one, can't you fucking read you villager?
Who would have thought that neighboring countries share culinary items
(na) katso = to sit,
Turkey is very beautiful as well and would love to see a Turkish version of this post
> To facilitate transport by Elgin, the columns' capitals and many metopes and frieze slabs were either hacked off the main structure or sawn and sliced into smaller sections, causing irreparable damage to the Parthenon itself
But
"5-10-15-20-25
On the other hand I've had haggis and its taste  reminded me of magiritsa
But Greece isn't in a good economic state and maybe people on other countries pay more money for food outside than us or people here choose cheaper option when they go out and they don't spend a lot of money
A later government in 1990 (of the party Karamanlis had started) freed Pattakos (one of them the Juntists), who lived until 2016, spreading misinformation about the regime of 1967-1974
Well, we have a few to say the least lol
Thankfully they are the minority
Europe is the most environmentally friendly continent
Do you know why is that happening
After Obama (damn I really like that guy!) I wouldn't want any of the other candidates except for him.
It's light blue, on the front you have a picture that is has to have a Greek stamp covering a part of it, your nationality, your signature and the signature of the officer that made it next which municipality's police department made it
Oh I see, I got confused there for a second :)
We should be united behind a common cause
The fact that knowing it, adds a whole new layer of meaning to many universally known English words
What Kosovars need to do to achieve their independence in a way that serves you?
edit: Also I think that for one person the minimum wage is enough for housing and utilities in medium to poor neighborhoods
Greece is the only country who invests the least GDP compared to all european countries
>Hah did you realize that Greece needs money haha haha Greece poor
Also some Apollos (Apolonas in greek)  although it's much rarer
I don't think I want to see her again."
I was telling my friend how island in Danish is "ø" and his mind was blown
Britain has the fog, Egypt has ophthalmia, Wallachia has the grasshoppers and Greece has the Greeks
The death penalty was officially abolished in Greece, in the 90's I think but the last person executed was in the early 70's.
Students of private schools take the Panhellenic exams and the final exams every year for six years
Whatever .
It's pretty much inevitable
Yeah islands are perfect for a holiday, and Athens is good too, but if you live there all your life, it's easier to notice the negatives :p
I ddnt understand the joke.Explain it.
It will solve some things but not everything.
So capitalism
SAY NO DOUBLE STANDARDS
The far left in Greece is considered normal for some weird reason so many people identify as that.
“Oh look some pretty text” when you look it from afar, makes you head explode when you try to read it
Also European women raiding Mount Athos would be fun to watch
Not to mention, they were briefly an independent country
Lol ok
Fun fact 30 is the opposite of a heat wave in Greek september
Macedonia, we have a problem
Were I would struggle is to spell it out quickly but then again I am not a native speaker, if you allowed me to right it down first I think I would be fine
We love you Viking bro :P
Haven't heard of it
My whole country is one big beach.
I feel like I often get confused about which phrases make sense in English and which in Greek, sometimes saying a string of words that has absolutely no meaning in Greek
Looks like the cranes are invading the city from the port
So do other Greek regions between themselves.
35 cents
I'd finally lose all the extra weight I've been gaining from eating crisps at 3am, in exchange for **happiness**.
I think it's popular many people that I know have them ( even though enough of them don't  take care of it ) , but I also know people who look better with shaved beard so they shave it or they can't grow it so they shave it
But, hell, I would rather live in the shithole called Athens rather than in Heraklion
How many stations does the Bucharest Metro have now
two countries which are both heavily pro-west
and over and over again, even through different subjects (such as ancient literature)
I think that most people prefer wine, but I personally prefer milk
The typical LADA that you showed was always a great cheap car that could survive pretty much anything
But if I am ill or if I have a headache or a stomachache , then I drink it very warm
I've also heard the slightly altered phrase: στου διαόλου το κέρατο- stou diaolou to kerato, which means "at the devil's horn".
Greek Cypriots basically turn sentences into long, melodic-sounding words, so there's some trouble understanding them
For example, forms of communism had existed in Ancient China long before Mao.
holy fuck
Bit melodramatic much
True, but I think that it's not always mentioned
do you are have stupid
May God forgive us all
It's common, but we tend to use εντάξει (εν τάξει/in order) more, I think
We also dont use the paper crowns :/
I guess this is old , cause it would be a little hypocritical for a Brit to write somethig like that nowadays
**England (a small West Midlands university town)** : people drinking in Saturday morning
This is weirdly cryptic and romantic at the same time
Ivica Dačić: Serbia made a mistake by recognizing Macedonia under its constitutional name
Also, it would be cool if Agia Sofia became a functional church so that I could go one day for a liturgy, that would be very fun
We should support where we need to support.
They should dress as elves and camouflage the rifles with gift wrapping.
More like disabled and "independent" little brother
should be paying up even more for greek fuck ups
But then she slouched and a long beep was heard and her mouth remained wide open
It means that they can either protect or restrict your freedom
The situation has been less tragic than in other countries but still there are some tourist that arrive to the country without knowing our measures against the spreading of the virus such as when it's mandatory to wear a mask and when not
You know what, I never imagined I'd grow up to appreciate S.A.G.A.P.O. but here I am
For this to make sense, I'll have to explain some stuff (the history may be boring but please read it)
I live in Heraklion of Crete, a coastal town that has a continued existence as a port settlement since Minoan times
I pay 260€/month for a lovely two-story cozy apartment
Apart from Greek, I speak English, French and Italian
The tricky hilly terrain that adds about 20% time in your driving or the sea and the increasing availability of cheap airlines like Ryanair will probably make it even more substantial.
This country is going to shit, isn't it
I don't disagree with your opinion, I disagree with the way you present it
Darth Weather
(I remember this from a documentary but I did notice that every plane I boarded had had those in the last 2-4 years so they do keep up with technology
I would associate Italy with tomato or olive oil
(12-15-18 yo)
I'm Greek btw
Erdogan knows how to deal with such situations
Thank you
Greeks like our vowels hard and distinct, not whatever that quarter-beat tiple cross between an -e, an -o and an -u is at the start of that word
He’s way more articulate and expressive in English
This country fits some many nein
This wasn't the Ottoman empire we're talking about
Wow, that mix of culinary influences sounds amazing
Everyone in the west: "oH mY goD thE bAlkaNs aRe soOO tHiRd woRlD" Meanwhile Germany:
It is a very slow procedure, that would
Lol ,I guess you are funny
I think the process of moving there is very easy because of EU, but I  guess I will struggle a little bit with the language
not common but not rare either
With the current ratio Greece should be a circa 8 million country in less than 15 years, with a population comprising of mainly aged Greeks and immigrants
Well, there are still countries with different currencies
Planet of Zeus, Nightstalker, 1000mods etc
Well by Greek standards it probably is
The BIG problem is that there is no way that you can get your hands on actual truth
So there will be no "big country" or "small country" citizen
What's that like
In Greece we put them in the fridge too
Shit, no backing after a Turkish plan to INVADE us (a fellow NATO country) surfaced in the early 2000s.
I ride my bike everywhere, drink cheap beers in cheep bars and don't go to clubs or fancy places
i don't know what Ξ has to do with Z but the only people i've seen write  Ƶ  are people atleast 60 years old
I think people are scared of me, I think my voice sounds angry or snobbish
Same here
You just cant function
BTW I think that there also people who dislike journalists who are not honest and objective
OK but can you do me a favor
Note that reunification was generally something Cyprus wanted, who was 90% greek, but obviously not in an undemocratic way
2 people have been beheaded today and 1 stabbed
France : I was 13 years old, school trip
I guess :/ Out of curiosity, are there more Turks in N.
This sub is about geographical Europe, and the EU is currently an important entity of geographical Europe.
Really hard I suppose
Are potatoes supposed to be expensive
For after all, Otto was King of the Hellenes
For example they don't give you life,liberty,bodily autonomy etc They just have laws that protect your life and your freedom etc
Never tasted it nor I will ever
My Mom tells me every day
Excitedly, he got on his disability scooter and then into his 2007 Toyota Corolla
Yes, as long as living expenses etc are able to support it
We make a list and then it depends on our scores and on other students scores, so in reality you can end up in a department that wasn't your first or second choice
During the nazi occupation the locals were hiding British (and Allied) troops in their homes.
That and Bailey's laughter for me.
", "talk", "come on"... otherwise a simple "yes
Anything bellow 20 is Chilly
Imagine being an American and reading this
Maybe fine Qatar for it's perversion of such a sporting event
They're pretty important for Europe and should be taught along with their Western Roman ancestors.
We can put an Epsilon of  ancient Greek style
Greece for instance preferred to pay the fine for having an import law that went against EU regulations and kept it because they made more money from what they had to pay
When I was a kid, the parents just drove their kids to parties without staying there
If I had a point of history I would change (or want to see what would happen if it wasn tlike that ) for sure will be when Kapodistrias was murdered
However, after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire, Turkey was left weak with its newly formed independent state.
Luck
Manchester by the sea is translated to "One city near the sea", I guess we hate Manchester or smth
So beautiful
I think that Estonia is very good combination of a  secular and sober country
Capital Ζ and small ζ. But Ξ can be handwritten as  Ƶ  or with a more vertical line (I still do it when I'm writting fast) but this is NOT how it's taught in school
In a national level, the lesser evil
Fascism has many heads, but this one is finally after so many years, severed
Come to Greece and you'll get your money's worth of insane driving
That sounds awesome
That's painful to watch
The power of tea has many abilities many consider to be unnatural
17-18 (It depends which month they have their birthday)
Iphigenia in Tauris
You tell me it's trending or why people have lost their shit over this
Finnish sounds great as well
The muslim immigrants promoted it so strongly
The big problem is the EU is already divided:
Sounds like what an ISIS leader would say
Lol
Also food plays an important role in our cultures
A very sunny place that is always hot and it never rains or snows.
Unicef really bombarded us with it and I'd usually buy at least one unicef notebook every year "to help the African children" which would be double the price of a normal notebook and they'd hand them out at schools
I understand that my country was not right but its not black and white
Edit: I am not actually saying those at private schools don't have to pass the exams, what I was referring to is that these kids don't have to worry the same and they have a lot more ease getting to a university
In my understanding, spanking is generally used as a method to "humiliate" the child, not to hurt it.
>What to do when everyone ignores these rules
Not only their economy will suffer but the very integrity of the UK is in danger.
Greek economy is very dependent on EU funds in various forms.
Europe is much advanced
Too strong beverage
That sounds gross
Then the stupid Romans came along, and introduced us to women
In Greece, getting your Diploma of Proficiency in English is like your second birth certificate
German movies is something unusual here
Amalia -> Amalitsa -> Litsa
How do people eat this shit
θάλασσα (sea - thalassa) or σύννεφο (cloud -sinnefo)
I've liked every Irish I've ever met :)
Do you have any source
ex:
What about a non-EUler diagram
monkaS
North Macedonia
Btw the weird thing about anti-EU sentiment is that think that eu turns Europe into a Nazi empire and from the other hand they consider that it has a extreme left wing agenda
Yep
It feels like melancholy, in some way
Praise Europe
Why would the anc
Hot : 36°C and above
If you register all your bank accounts in your tax system, you have nothing to hide and no one/government will investigate you.
Tusind tak
I can't answer on the Switzerland part as I have no view on how it affects Swiss people and how they feel about it
Which doesn't matter because foreign policy is not affected by Islam or liberalism
More Europeans with superiority complex thinking that Europe is better than the US while we all know it is the US which holds the leash.
Huh, funny, we usually get the blame all the time...
Thankfully the greek pantheon woke up too after 2 milennia of sleep and Athena buggerred the unruly Titan with a prize winning leak" (kudos to whoever gets the reference)
Romanians are just as European as a Pole, plus you're not in a place to judge who is a real European or not
\*sad coffee sip\*
the rest sites reproduce the above pretty much
Shall I be on dividends by all countries on the planet that Apple sells stuff ?
Most likely something just to look nice
Meanwhile, the isolation caused her cursing to become even filthier, and as a consequence it was passed down to her son, hence why he'd curse as filthy as he did
We have plenty of feta for all :)
Meanwhile here in Greece and Turkey people are fighting to the death about who invented what
I'd say the same kardesim
Do you know what shit can this only lead into
If we brought the entire population of Syria and dropped them in Eyrope they would barelt make any dent.
Many alphabets are based on Greek
I'm not bragging, that's the reality in Greece
It was also highly used in the first days of the republic , as a coat of arms,  state seal, even currency
Ancient Greek and Greek words are used nowadays to describe many of these sciences and terminologies in all sciences
I'm stunned
I eat yoghurt with honey frequently
The aristocracy of Constantinople called themselves "Romans" but there was a Greek identity inside Greece.
I grew up with the Muppet Show, so Swedish it is
living full time in Greece something I doubt you do.
I like waking up in the morning not in the fucking night to go to work ! On those damn winter morning you can get a glimpse of the sun when you take the car to go to your job and by the time you return is already night anyway
So together we are building all of this
Tukachevsky (with Trotsky's agreement) had ordered Stalin to stop the siege of Lwow and join his army in the Vistula near Warsaw
* Post-it for sticky notes
The second Greek Cypriot they killed in a week.
Oh cool, they are bringing over the nukes!
Hebrew is awesome
I'd wear this
Cow milk is common and goat milk is also common
Yeah, we have these a lot
There are mentions in the history book in the final year of high school but they never teach it
That sounds  like propaganda
WHY TF DO WE KEEP STATS AND NUMBERS THEN
I really liked your narration of the story
While that is true Turkey is different because that authoritarian tradition follows the country even today.
People had built illegal fences for their homes which made getting to the beach like a maze and the people in the fires couldn't get out in time
I think Bulgaria should be "Place where students go" instead of "Meh"
The whole population was like "we have rugby in Greece
- my great grandfather was cavalry captain during WWI/ Balkan wars
Can i borrow The Beatles, Led Zeppelin and Rolling Stones
γαμώτο is as mild as you get with vulgar greek expressions mate, you couldve done much worse
Italy
I don't like mousakas at all, because of the eggplant
Almost as much grievances as towards the my own governments
So I guess at least some people abroad would like magiritsa too
In Greece we say Στου διαόλου την μάνα which translates at the devil's mother
Anyway, if that hadn't happen we would have done it for sure in 2,5 days, with stops for sleep
I was hoping mere stupidity but I don't think we are that lucky.
If you see things purely from a financial standpoint they may be right because you really need to travel by plane to come here.
In Greece we have plenty of women named Artemis, it's a dope name
I truly hate it when this happens
Even though what I said was true, don't worry, you'll have a fantastic time
Cheers man :')
Democracy
Each school day has 7 school hours, which are 45 mins each
for instance they wanted the coastal guard to be based there although  Volos is the  port with the sea and all and Larissa is 60 Km away from the sea
I cannot in good conscience say anything else, in part because I'm also *very* aware of my Turkish heritage and also due to the massive mutual cultural influences
Bro, I can't even afford to be mad
Most USian 'Italian' restaurants are actually Greek
Please don't put me on r/iamverysmart, I didn't make it, I just thought it looked pretty
Bruh that's a lot of people protesting
I knew that dog shit on my front door smelt suspiciously of vodka !
This is after 2009 you're talking about.
- 10^9 = disekatommýrio (Twice 10^(6))
Not in czech though
This is exactly what I was about to mention
It starts like a regular thanksgiving type table and then after the parents have drunk some Raki they blast songs, break plates and dance all together on the broken plates
I'm glad I'm not the only one who does that
Thanks
They are almost mandatory here!
Regardless of the way the Turks wanna justify it, it just can't be done
his unit was the first to enter Ioannina (a city in northwest Greece) and liberate the city
Greece's second largest city, Thessaloniki, had such an important and numerous Jewish community that it was nicknamed [mother of Israel] with jews making up at least one third of the total population until the start of the 20th century
28 countries cant handle a problem but the 2 most affected by it are cry babies?
Haha, you know your grammar is hard if a German says so.
Are they cutting down the trees to make farm land or something
Those that stand out are that people in Berlin used to be dressed with dull colours avoiding to wear 'loud' brands, big logos and striking prints/patterns in their daily life
In Greek you can always pronounce a word when you see it, down to the accent (or stress, whatever it's called)
[Charybdis]
No seriously, in Greece that exchange is never happening especially if you are a guest.
Ok thanks for the answer
It did it's job against Greeks and Jews back in the 40s and 50s, as did the "open prison" policy on Imbros and Tenedos.
How do you define the term "democracy"?
Thessaloniki is nice from what I've heard
Btw, I love spinach
Either we are the normal ones and the others eat a little, or we eat too much
No I agree
the ones i see the most are German Romanian Albanian and Bulgarian
I know one thing for sure, the Sicilian families are the ones pulling the strings across Europe's drug trade.
Copy-pasting from other people word by word, not even bothering to at least re-articulate what they are saying to make it less obvious
But I can understand a fair bit if its rewritten with gaps and proper font
I am afraid it's the same way in Greece as well
edit: Also it would be good to extend the EU health insurance card for something like common health insurance for the whole EU
Unpopular opinion here, but I totally prefer winter hour
Be wary of the roaming Fel Reavers though...
RemindMe
At least as someone coming from a country where carbs are mostly in the form of bread, pasta, or rice
And thats one organisation
Thank you Turkey for the coffee and narghile, thank you Bulgaria for doing most of the hard fighting during the Balkan Wars, thank you North Macedonia for cevapcici and ajvar which I hope to one day see in a Greek restaurant, thank you Albania for having the chillest migrants in Greece
haha . lol
Yeah
fellow Greeks in this thread say we don't have one, but I remember a family friend teaching me "ένας ελέφαντας / enas elefadas", meaning one elephant, as a way to count
have their regional research and development headquarters also there
By the way, I am completely in love with your country and its people
Didn't he suicide by cop
22 είκοσι δύο (eikosi dio)
ikr
That's true, my family and my friends don't go to church cause we aren't really religious
When visiting Athens, do yourselves a favour and after visiting the Acropolis dont bother with the tourist shops of Monastiraki, if really you want to buy some souvenirs, just enter one they are all exactly the same anyways, then go eat in one of the tavernas in Monastiraki or something, (except Bairaktaris, somehow this is an unpopular opinion with some Greeks, but their food is crap, and their restaurant is filthy, dont @ me), and then leave
Let's goo neighbour
There are many arguments for and against monarchy, that is not a good one
I too have seen [13 Sins]
We eat and then we have coffee and desert in which there will also be loud and long  conversations about a wide variety of topics
Most people eat it once or twice a year, on special occasions
Modern Greece : the pap test which is the most accurate test for cervical cancer
**Cries in Greek**
I definitely like it al dente
Corfu = Κέρκυρα = Kerkyra
Islandic Greek evolved independently on each island
I choose whether to go to a company that has such offers or not.
BONUS: you can say "I fuck your
Overly hospitable
yea for around 1000 ppl who was close to him rest was brutaly killed if they didnt obey .
Yeah that's what I'm saying, Cypriots can perfectly understand "clean" Greek but the average Greek can't understand Cypriot Greek
Come to think of it, we still do
Even though the Romanians are the only people, with their own country that speak a Latin language while being in Eastern Europe
I've never heard that in school, thanks for the source tho
Mprosta se poious re vlaka se ntropiazw?
There are 9 KFC stores all over Greece, 8 of them in Athens
The Turkey-Netherlands situation in a nutshell
Though, most shops written with English letters are just in what we call "Greeklish", which is basically writing Greek words with English letters (e.g. θέλω να φάω σουβλάκι {I want to eat souvalki} could be written as "thelw na faw souvalki"})
So this always gives room for some giggles
There is something very wrong about saying Europe should be grateful about Greece choosing to uphold its financial obligations.
I wonder what's the criteria
I think so
The credit is not to be given only to the Greeks here, since the Brits, New Zealanders and Australians helped *A LOT* during the German attack of Greece
Are you aware that the Union started after the King of *Scotland* inherited the throne of England?
They served their purpose in past elections, now they can be dismissed
But in the end, when the prime minister went to deliver the authority, the three colonels appeared and everyone were like " who the fuck are these guys
Also goes by names like Επιφάνια (= epiphany) or Γιορτή των Φώτων (= holiday of the Lights)
I'm not entirely on board with that
My man just wanted to post something beautiful
Are they kidding us
How dare you D:
Is this where all the anime MCs keep their bikes
My region is not really mentioned in our textbooks so before reading about it on the internet, I only knew that we had a some sort of closer relationship with Italy, which is kind of vague and inaccurate
&#x200B;
Why do you think that centre right is left for Americans
Edit: Stop taking this seriously I made a joke no need to get offended
I think he is up to something..
If we went to speak instead of read/write, Spain would be way less than 85%. They think that speaking at the English level that Greek kids can speak at age 13 is actually adequate
Oh wow we fired some bullets to empty
Actually the law says that women can't rape not that the man can't be raped
It sucks, I love the place, but I don't have the tolerance to work multiple low-paying unstable jobs at a time for years before finding something that pays me a living wage as a young person
Europe needs to step up its industrial game.
He died on the way to the hospital
And hey, if the dude wanted to close the shop, well that's his bad
Why did it bother you
Also in the southern suburbs there mountains and there also many beaches
I don't know a single Greek that doesn't have a relative that hasn't faced racism in Germany and German tourists are seen as the most disrespectful (although that could be confirmation bias, I've noticed it as well)
Based on most comments,  all European languages are very  hard to learn,  or at least that's what their native speakers think
The eggs aren't sold refrigerated, but I put them in the fridge
And it comes from skiá + ourá (shadow + tail)
Greetings from Greece
He then gave women the right to vote and made homosexuality legal even though there weren't any LGBT movements and the feminist movements had little to no influence back then
They are now deposited in the British Museum's Department of Preservation
Some fellow Greek please tell them something about today in Greece
Predictable
The sides of the strait were within an arrow-shot of each other, and sailors attempting to avoid one of them would come in reach of the other
Also:
Like why aren't there any nationwide channels and radio stations broadcasting the same content at the same time
I went to izmir and everyone thought I was Turkish and said I had a Turkish face.
In Greece we say Box instead of Boxing
English is not my mother tongue but I think it's different from place to place.
Maybe there is something on the tickets, or the ticket machine but I am not sure
Ah since we're honoring this great antifascist let's all take a moment to listen to his final song, "Angela Merkel"
Crete probably, it's the most self reliant of the regions all things considered, and have a pretty distinct character
he may shoot a hoop or two in his free time but that's not his true calling
hold up
Serbia was under years of Ottoman occupation and was pretty underdeveloped unlike Slovenia and Croatia who were under the civilized Austrians.
But unless you're a 14yo tiktoker hypebeast, people tend to avoid shirts with big/flex-y logos, but I thought that was the case evrywhere (?)
badass
A typical school day in high school and middle school ends at around 2pm
However, even if people don't like what they're studying they don't drop out cause you **have to finish it**. It's sad to be honest but I can understand the pressure, it's the way/mentality that has always been
Of course a de'longhi or a saeco espresso machine is better.
And you can see all the way to the sea.
>The sea monster Charybdis was believed to live under a small rock on one side of a narrow channel
Guys don't go to Psarrou, unless you want to come out with every bacteria known to man
Also not as many parks so too little green in a sea of grey
Don't do [this]
I don't think I know a clean shaved man at this point
Either we are the normal ones and the others eat a little, or we eat too much
He can't understand that the point of a curry is the flavor of all those mixed spices
Thousands of innocent people died by Serbian hands in the 90's.
Furthermore it's cheaper
I doubt anyone uses it in Greece
>The fun part is that, my age group (35)
BTW your username "deuteros" means second in Greek
Greek cities on the other hand were rebuilt with a hastily applied "modern" type (brutalism is different) pioneered by Le Corbusier, but by civil engineers, not architects.
The Italian one
I've had all kinds of friends, some were foreigners
&#x200B;
It's just 4 million people packed together in grey apartments (although the metro system us quite clean and organized)
Scratch that
We are talking about distances short enough to swim across if you're desperate, not the pacific ocean.
[This] is just a league derby
When we were setting up my desk, I requested a qwerty keyboard
Kemalists are douchebags
Not even after seeing its not a simple door that they will kick down and catch him before he can react
The last years have been horrible though
>Their Leaders are gonna die in jail
Actually he has nothing to do with breitbart or infowars.
Cool, but this way, eventually, you'll run out of Lebensraum.
Not in czech though
As an older guy I know said after visiting Albania, your country is really pretty but full of Albanians.
Indeed, hating [each other]
Just your name and surname
The southernmost place in Europe
a lot changed :P
Who are they kidding
In your previous comment you did make a big generalization, thats why i told you that.
Not my experience, it's a fossilized expression
Also if I could, I would make the 1974 dictatorship of Greece to not trust the Americans when they promised that they would protect Cyprus
This + Lucky Luke + Iznogoud = my pre-bedtime reading stash.
Let me clarify that he children in colleges don't get to go through this (€€€€€)
it's kind of a shitty small cheap car compared to most other cars (it's my first car though, I got it when I was in uni so gimme a break) but I gotta say the damn thing is sturdy and pretty reliable
Was there like a big monastery in the past
Look at the green country line: spain, italy, albania, fyrom, greece, turkey, cyprus that has below 8.
In Athens, 80% of all traffic has been reduced
Why not illegally print a couple of billion euros like a certain country did in the past?
Usually as stew with shallots
Cause there's thousands of languages in India
Do you really think that Serbia was bombed because someone got a 'hard on' ?
I am in fact living here, my whole life
yeah tbh it was surprising for me to see in the comments that other orthodox countries celebrate it in january 7
If someone can keep a conversation, I try to make them feel comfortable and speak accordingly
Milk keeps me hydrated
Seriously I love Bulgaria but every time I'm outside Sofia and Plovdiv , the people seem to really be struggling there
Some family names appear on both wars
The people of both countries get along with each other pretty well; it's the politics that's kinda heated
I feel like this is very accurate for Greece at least, my brother left our home when he was 25 and I guess I will also leave the house a year or two after finishing university
A Bulgarian minority in Albania is something weird considering that these countries share no common border.
Give me a break
Is it
Predatory practises like this are pretty common in tourist areas but you are never defenceless against them, even in a foreign country
One dead man and maybe someone else,we do not know for sure
You killed him with that
You are either insane or delusional .
Well done lad
Can't really explain it but if you look at a German and a Greek aide by side you too would be able to tell them apart
Can't unsee it
Meanwhile it's 22°C
We still have some teasing rivalry amongst us but it's not too much of a deal
Same thing with Stalin for industrialising the USSR and Kim Il Sung for rebuilding the DPRK
Does your country have autonomous regions
Τι σκατά είπες για μένα μικρή σκύλα; Να ξέρεις ότι αποφοίτησα πρώτος στην τάξη μου στους βατραχανθρώπους!
The Olympic Games of 2004
Germany is abandoning its hard stance and makes new concessions in negotiations so that Greece’s bailout program review is completed, Spiegel magazine says
There are also many expressions for diarrhoea like "I'm spilling juice" or "I'm spraying"
I am not turning this into politics, i am just pointing out an observation.
very well written insult -wouldn't expect anything less from a brit- although imho, if you say "no offence" -just as you did- you have the right to say absolutely anything you want.
The EU stands at the edge of a knife.
I just find it funny
Many roma here treat their own that try to change their customs or marry someone who is not roma as a traitor.
But eh, it's Greece, who expects any organisation whatsoever anyway
Every member together creates the EU
There are flags in some public buildings like city halls for example
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is low effort.
We make jokes about it but most people here love it
They never seem to notice
And that's how the Age Race began
People who say that about Chalkidiki have probably never visited Lefkada or Kefalonia imo
first time i see my country at the top of a list
>Highly suspect
If it was 2010, I'd agree with you that the debt is payable.
What's up with the dark blue in northern Germany and the light blue in central Poland?
Μινυμα
- The brother of my grandmother was a communist guerrilla and the government, during the civil war and for few years more,  had him on a wanted list for execution
+1 το έψαχνα
It would be moree accurate to say Athens (3 million), Thessaloniki (800,000) and Patras (210,000)
greetings from Athens
Saint Nicholas for Catholics/Protestants etc and Saint Basil for the Orthodox
Yet most Chams were expelled and killed.
That's some prime /r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM material right there
which sounds like "ekanes tin tricha trichia" accents where you see them
Less corruption, better social and egalitarian policies, better education, and economy and more kindness
It has happened to me multiple times, but people never seem to notice the english on the id card
communism is good actually
25 March 1821 - Greek War of Independence: A collection of paintings
Thanks but we are good, the fine people in Germany have used your loans to them to loan us good
Had to look so far down for this one
Ελεος με το γλειψιμο πια και την καραμελα οτι οι Ελληνες ειναι οι κακοι της υποθεσης που κατηγορουν αδικα την αθωα ΕΕ που δε μας εκανε ποτε τιποτα. Σε αλλη χωρα ζεις ή ζεις τελειως στον κοσμο σου και δεν εχεις καταλαβει τι εχει γινει την τελευταια δεκαετια?
Εχω περάσει απο Erasmus μετανάστευση και τουρισμό και εχω γνωρίσει αρκετό διαφορετικό κόσμο στα ταξίδια μου τα οποία με έκαναν να εχω αυτή την άποψη.
Always been a mountain person
Can confirm
Yeah but the trojans could very well be hellenistic
for example
He's definitely the star of this season, a dr.
Most Greek Children don't know what cursive Greek looks like (or so I know at least)
Dutch pot is the same as [Dutch oven]
Unfortunately this country has suffered a lot.
I also like very much a movie called five more minutes
Book a ticket to Greece
And please
Also we Greeks use ρωμιοι(same as rum meaning romans) in order to say that someone has Greek ancestry.
This does not really apply to the ones from Southern or Centeal (both mainland ) Greece
Wrote all that and apparently no one saw it
The boogeymen back then were 1.
We use /x/ or /ç/ while "he" uses /h/ which is a completely different sound
" (1,2,3) and so on
Which are the sets of twins is another debate; some say the kids were segregated in the eggs according to gender, so the twins are Helen-Clytemnestra and Castor-Polydeuces
He enjoys huge support by the Turkish people.
&#x200B;
So until we find that identity that will unite all of us, immigrants will anchor to the local, national identities.
Propably turkey
Where did you get this map
"Πᾶς χρόνου ἀστέρες σοί λάμψουσιν έπί τῆς Εὐρώπης Ηνωμένης."
And the pastries
>  As a student in the final year and currently struggling with my dissertation, googling how to do everything like structure, fonts, proper speech and listing sources,
3 τρία (tria)
Greece deals with these types of aggressive actions from Turkey on almost a monthly basis.
Nope, we pronounce all foreign words exactly as you would too, we just write them differently, since the equivilant to a Latin "X"  is the letter "Ξ" (ksi) in our alphabet
Καλησπέρα! Το όνομά μου είναι Δημήτρης και είμαι από την Ελλάδα. Ζω στη Θεσσαλονίκη εδώ και 10 χρόνια. Είμαι 17 χρονών, και πηγαίνω τρίτη Λυκείου.
And as such, it needs a constant influx of young workers just like a pyramid constantly needs new sellers
While I kinda agree that a lot of threads in this sub turn into bashing America pretty quickly, millions of people getting swindled to unwittingly aid BigPharma in their quest to, in turn, swindle vain consumers out of more money sounds a lot like America.
-Sophia
Is that really OC
We have the king of olives my friends, Kalamata olives
I have "forgot" my German
Ps: Alexanders family doesn't even originate from Macedonia they come from Argus in South Greece hence the name  Argead dynasty comes from
This letter was sent after Ottomans wanted to negotiate for peace lol
Well, there goes the neighborhood...
Maybe some other can say what they saw first
Still, their trial was a great win for democracy
BTW How do Americans view the people who immigrate to their country
^ Pretty much our history until let's say the middle-end of the 20th century and onwards
My mom is kind of like that
filotimes feminine plural
I remember the term Αγία Ρωμαιοκαθολική Αυτοκρατορία (Holy Roman-Catholic Empire) from school
It's very dystopian
Venezuela had a massive oil economy that collapsed that Venezuela was highly dependent on
Naturally the daughters got a lot from their mother but there are still some foods that grandma was am undisputed master at
I remember them getting banned a few years ago.
ου (u), which means "not" in ancient Greek (it counts as one letter cause it's a single phthong)
Χαχαχα το κερασακι στην τουρτα!
We would be the unemployed guy outside the office's building
My uncle once tried a sugar-potato (krumplicukor) which is essentially potato with sugar
This comes from their long lasting Ottoman/Muslim tradition.
The reasoning behind this is definitely the economic situation in Greece, bureaucracy, and poor organization which leads to investors foreign and national, being disinterested in investing here
I know only my country's anthem and few others
η ι υ ει οι
Unfortunately, instead of completely opening our borders and letting everyone through to wherever they feel like, we're gonna treat this like our own problem.
Europe is a continent defined by culture not geography.
It's usually sold either condensed in an airtight tin or not condensed (i guess) which is sold in an airtight carton
probably they dont use it as we do, but it is a common term, and an easily understood metaphor, therefore i feel it will make a greater impact.
Grazie Italian bros
I think that it should be taught in schools
It's anti democratic because, like it or not, the bigger and stronger countries have a bigger say that smaller ones
It is not unusual for example to still ask for a "*κατοσταράκι"* (katostaraki), which is a bottle of 100 dramia, or 320gr
Anyway the doors can't open from the outside, but it's  safer to lock them
i hAte EverYthIng
"Μένω με το στόμα ανοιχτό" in Greek
Some polls give Fillon 20% and Macron 21%.
But there are also many normal people, centrists and some who lean towards the right that are antifascist
> Atlantic
One reason I would think back then was that our skin wasn't used of sunlight after the winter.
Albania: red and some yellow
I think any culture group needs hes own nation
You are absolutely right
Sometimes someone might have 2 first names
Historical falacies can lead to the destabilization of the region.
Also I would like to move to USA because in some professions it's one of the countries with highest salaries, and I also like it for other reasons
>You can choose to use nuance when it comes to certain topics or you can choose to just blatantly pander like you are doing
But not all people who live in such areas follow the dialect or the accent
Sounds good, lad
>This map displays the warmest temperatures
For me I would also say Balkans geographically and not at a very big extent culturally, but still I see us have some similarities to the stereotypical Balkan culture
In our minds Italy is the land of sun, wine, songs and joy
Athens right
But I can understand a fair bit if its rewritten with gaps and proper font
usually it is the rest of the sentence.
Maybe you were the unlucky one if you had bad experiences.
There is no way that you can find sources that are not biased over the subject
Not really a fan of ND, but they did make a step toward freedom of press cause the State TV had become a cesspool during SYRIZA
Wasnt american exceptionalism a dogma?
Hahahaha
I just see some people judging blindly, as usual
Yes, yes...let them invade Crimea.
Sometimes waiters are so underpaid they absolutely need tips
lol just kidding
He banned the use of any language other than Greek in public spaces
I used to live in the UK for some time and I love British English more than American English
Let's find out
I'm pretty sure that it's the only one in the city i live that has lockers
Hellas- Have never seen one and am very surprised that such things exist
- listen to greek music (I mean at all)
Bonus to the Minoans cause their women walked around topless
Like I said, Greek culture is not just eating baklava and bullshitting in outdoor cafes.
It is literally just a monstrous collection of modern ugly buildings that have been built next to the remnants of the ancient city and span between the four mountains
In most of the cases, something will definitely be left uneaten
You are illegally occupying Cyprus.
Do you expect for stuff to work as it should, like in west Europe where taxes are getting paid without the consumer doing anything about it?
Without the letter γ (gamma) it seems wrong to write it down if you look at the etymology
Pro European, left wing progressives that seek the economic reform of European Union
exist for the People and the Nation; they shall
Social credit score though sounds like "good boy points" that if you don't have enough, you'd be faced with social exclusions
But still even if you didn't see benefits from EU, wouldn't they see some negative things if they leave like some meds that are imported from EU would be more expensive ?
In Greek it is σφυρί (sfyrí) which isn't badass to me at least, but yeah
*21 years later
When we get stalled at the airport when abroad, because they think our ID card is fake
We eat snails too, dunno bout frogs tho
Don't worry, measures to correct it already have effect and soon our population will start reducing.
How the fuck did I fall for this
I've seen so many excuses and all sort of weird reasons that people believe that Turkey is a legit Western country that i really can't tell if people are serious or not on this issue.
You get the idea
Plugs and sockets
Corruption is supposed to be counter-productive, not trailblazing!
They supported a coup at Cyprus, with the goal of reunification of Cyprus and Greece
When her see, [at] her glare
In Greek it would look like this:
Growing up I started noticing things (like bitterness) within our society that pointed out to this war
well Yunan is from Ionian, so I guess that sounds cool also, but Rum seems more epic.
Ireland has a very weird political spectrum :
Was it staged
Every
Neither
Diesel passenger cars were completely banned from Athens until a few years ago, so the window was small anyway.
> The strait where Scylla dwelled has been associated with the Strait of Messina between Calabria, a region of Southern Italy, and Sicily, for example, as in Book Three of Virgil's Aeneid The coastal town of Scilla in Calabria takes its name from the mythological figure of Scylla and it is said to be the home of the nymph
* () is the explanation
well, pigs
You should have visited the gritty, authentic neighbourhood of Rozzano
I mean the lowest temperature i've experienced here in Greece is around 5°C and i thought i was gonna freeze to death lol
There's an interesting thing in what you said.
I won't pretend to be a historian but, according to Wikipedia, about 15% of the Marshall Plan funds were handouts.
Santorini has ZERO nice beaches
I guess that the article based on the paper took some liberties.
I never did it
Like, when you're in complete awe or when you're finally free of a huge burden or when you have this small moment of appreciation and happiness, just taking a breath and letting it out with a "malaaaka" feels quite cathartic
Well, ours is bigger
why is the low number necessarily good
No not really, in the cities there is everyone but farmers (they are on the rest of regions near the big city)
At least we have free healthcare and education
Wow what a racist 10 year old, he thinks I am Albanian because I support Kosovo.
Hey you guys, we're doing good on the right list for a change
It is actually called Ministry of National Defence, Υπουργείο Εθνικής Άμυνας (Ipurgio Ethnikis Aminas)
So I guess it depends on the State .
Just from the top of my head
I think it's the same thing as to call Slovak republic Slovakia .
Swedes get drunk in Denmark, Bulgarians get drunk in Greece and Brits get drunk everywhere :)
i know it's not popular , but not everyone in europe is opposed to it.
You could hide from the panel in the 1984 universe, but it was strictly forbidden with like 5 years jail.
Wait till they find about Kratos
Ankara= Agkyra
The same thing happened in Greece too
But I think cow milk is more common, but I am not sure, because it may differs from town to town or between cities and rural areas
Our identities mostly match our national identities, unlike america.
That's awesome
Before the Ottoman Empire, it was the Byzantine, before that the Roman and before that the Greeks.
This is a hard question, but probably, the steam engine, democracy, geography, the crane, central heating, showers and underground sewer systems would be some of the top Inventions
Just don't threaten Europe to flood it with potential JIhadis .
When there's Rome ,Eastern Romans *always* tag along
Looking forward to 50 years later when The ''Cyprus issue'' will still be an issue.Thank you Erdogan.
It is protected under the Greek and European law about copyrights
That would be like getting invited to a flamourous dinner when the host suddently screams "putain!' and gets the fuck off, never returning, leaving the other guests staring each other awkardly not knowing what to do.
And have the EU lose hundreds of billions of dollars?
The erasmian accent, despite Erasmus' valiant efforts, is still largely a way for *foreigners* to pronounce ancient Greek, since it ignores elements that survive until today, while the reconstructed ancient accent is easier for Greeks to pronounce instead
I also really loved 'Valkyrie' as a movie about German Nazi opposition.
1897 greco-turkish war (the unlucky war) was quite a big bruh momentum, as it wasnt intended, and we got defeated pretty hard
Well, if you claim your territorial waters to be a around 150 nautical miles you can claim this island.
12 δώδεκα (dodeka)
It's mostly the athenian one in the media, except from Cyprus of course, where they use their own
Not just Greece or Belgium or Finland.
"How do I get a loan
Politicians can pass as many Tanzimat as they want but change has to happen bottom up in order to completelly change a nation.
We are 100% percent on board with that.
This is simultaneously very funny and a bit insulting
Interesting exercise
Doing stupidly dangerous stuff is the highlight of being a kid.
Not everyone likes to be hit with liver flavour
The people that are 50 and down, and most educated people aged 70-90, will not view someone that is atheist as something bad nor they will criticize him
We all know that the only place in France from which you can't see the Eiffel Tower is it's interior
Naaaah
Hahaha I wish I could disagree with you but if I had to pick the smell of Athens during the summer it wouldn’t be too far off :(
It's by far my favorite euphemism
NOTE: There are still tourists walking around Athens, expecting to see the Parthenon and the museums
Same goes most dishes you'll find in a tavern
what would NATO choose to do exactly?
There are always these places that don't accept cards.
It's a sunset, you don't have to pay 80 euros in order to take a photograph
Not many people are aware that during World War 1, half of the country was sort of "friednly" occupied by Entente forces (mostly French), the king wanted neutrality (he was pro-German), the PM and (now) historical leader Venizelos wanted to join Entente, so he invited them in Thessaloniki, which they militarily occupied
The priests refer to Greeks as universally Christian, something that isn't true anymore.
I am surprised at how many fans haggis has :)
Apart from Greece-Turkey-Cyprus I would also say Greece and Italy
Based off that fake answer/emotion people can tell how you will actually react and that answer is never enough to actually do any harm to you or them
It's weird to have dictatorship within Europe nowadays, especially when the other leaders look away
Beautiful
In my opinion, [this one] is better than Zorbas.
ή (í), which means "or"
Because it's only the Eastern European countries that look to Russia as enemies.
If the same logic applied to SSDs we would never have SSDs of hundreds of gigabytes.
My left or your left
Yes actually
But we really did not need it, it's not like it's something expensive to install or something, but useless for our schools
Unqualified and rude civil servants, non-existent state support for the citizens' problems, public companies with millions worth of yearly losses and astronomical wages, pensioners under 50, inexplicable tolerance of criminal activities, heavy taxation
Unfortunately, if one has a good English accent, they get mocked by fellow Greeks because they put effort, and I hate this
“The sooner he resigns, the better,” Renzi, the head of Italy’s governing center-left Democratic Party, wrote on his Facebook page, calling the Dutch EU official’s comments “stupid jokes.”
Ah, I thought this was some alt-right party that praised Mussolini like people do with Hitler
It has nothing to do with the crimes one has committed or not, it has to do with basic human rights and what a country does to protect them.
Good ol' cup o' hemlock
we let the lesser teams have their fair chance to glory
Normally, I think it doesn't matter whether or not the 1st of May falls on a weekend day here in Greece
The Ottoman Empire was a joke.Such a big empire and the only thing they did was wars and more wars.
They think that ancient Macedonians were Slavs and spoke that Bulgarian like language they speak eight now, even if the Slavs weren't even in the area yet and we have literal writing from Herodotus calling Alexander Greek and how he participated in the Olympics
We actually suggested the heart between the flags too and were initially declined by the turkish representetives saying it will be difficult to maintain
the Greek Supreme Court is Called  Άρειος Πάγος ( Arios Pagos) which is a place believed to be where Ares was tried by the Olympic Gods for the murder of the son of Poseidon, Alirrothios
Another great interview was with historian Niall Ferguson
I recently heard Tsipras on an interview with Sroiter on Alpha and he kinda dropped a few financial terms in English, showing off what he’s learned
The Hjönkening is now
I also support USA
Btw there are some other EU countries that don't recognize Kosovo, it's Romania, Slovakia and Cyprus.
My ancestors were the first to introduce chocolate in Greece
They cannot be allowed to stay on European soil during their asylum process.
&#x200B;
Have you seen the other ad about east Mediterranean
I've only driven to another country once, and it took about 7 hours
TIL that there is an ogre city in Latvia
Although it sounds much like another "brilliant" plan, I'd like to be more informed about it before I start raving about it.
The fact that this framework is still not there after 7 years, is not very reassuring.
So, technically every accent except Instabulite is considered uneducated
I doubt most Turks are in with provoking Greece.
Stroopwaffel
250 euros
This teacher sound very regressive and close-minded
I only know it bcs I lived  for some time in Madrid
I mean, technically he was part of the istro-romanian population.
Mayday Maydya
wow
I doubt our media knows that Belarus is even exist
how about counting the bases and national armies of nato members which are the actual nato instead of the figurehead?
Turkey better not ask for NATO's help
For example I read there that they won 33 million in 2018, which is a lot for a fast food restaurant in Greece, There are a few who win so much like Goody's, Pizza Fan etc
And lets not forget that many Greeks also worked under the Ottomans as vassals, subjects or renegades.
It kinda depends on the matter
Which is the fuse of worm-ant-hole and guess what it means
Stray but a little, and it will fail.
Oh ok ,then Ireland deserves part of the condemnation!!!
Locals prefer either Greek chains or the neighbourhood fast food joint
**Cries in Greek**
I'm just commenting on the fact that Varoufakis has always been a big proponent of the EU and never suggested that Greece should leave the EZ.
Turkey is *not* a western country and it doesn't have liberal traditions.
In Greece out name is Hellas , but the official name is Hellenic Republic
Btw what is his political position/ affiliation ? Would say he is left winger, right winger, a centrist or something else
It even snowed in Piraeus as well.
I mean we are still part of Southern Europe fam :P
Oh boooy if that's not a question
i dont think you know the history of the region as well as you think you do....
Some old folks here still arguing that they want to partake in communion because Jesus will save them or whatever
The names either mean Moat or Herakles' City
A french guy (in France) once asked me what language do we speak in Greece
Sure they can go out, but they will need to walk a *loooooooot* to get to the nearest bar/restaurant
Yolo swag all the way to the polls
I think that base on gdp generally the cities in the attica region like Athens have seen the biggest development
So there will be no "big country" or "small country" citizen
Approx
Btw, the bombing campaign happened because the war had to stop, Serbs were going to do pretty much the same things they did in Bosnia
The problem with Greece and EU in general is that the periphery cant compete with Germany
But i can tell you what to avoid
Λευκορωσία (lefkorossia, White Russia, Belarus)
I've seen this shit by Greek fascists too, how the fuck don't they see the irony
Turkey for as long as it continues to operate in the manners that they do
Norway just managed to do everything right from the start.
* Thessaly: Farmers
Welcome to the "Trigger Union"!
E.g suppose someone's name is Giorgos
and a year before that Hitler signed the Munich agreement
I don't think Americans have anything to do with millions of people wanting independence
But since i notice and criticize heavily both national actions and EU - NATO ones, i cant help but notice how no one cares about the aggressive attacks Turkey, a Nato member, has been creating for decades now
im disappointed
Of course every war is a disgrace, especially among Greeks and Italians that we have such a tight bond since ancient times
Macron is right wing enough when it comes to the economy.
Croatia
I think that someone can be black or white while also being Latino
They're perishable
And we all know that is the case.
I am free
I would also love to try horseback riding, so far I have only ride a pony when I was kid and it was great, and I love animals , so it would be a very pleasant experience
I thought Serbs hated the EU.Or anything that Russia doesn't like.Anyway.
You know why
I very much care, my sister's company recently moved their HQ where she was working at in the states from London
As Theodoros Koloktronis said "We fight firstly for our God and then for our land" which is why the Cross has been on every Greek flag since that time
We had exactly the same pierogi experience in Warsaw :)
Crusty on the outside and creamy inside
Oh my you are actually trying to justify the invasion.
But it's definitely old at this point, live next to it, there's about two three shortenings that everyone uses to refer to it
It was never free money, but it's also not a disproportionate amount compared to the privileges received
Grill smells, particularly souvlaki/ gyros/ ribs smells, oregano, thymian and parsley, fish, sea salt smells, CO2/pollution smell
Not with doves anyway
Greek I believe comes from the word Graecus and ancient Greek tribe and it's patron
Some old man started the fire by burning weeds in his garden
I think the Balkans are a bit less homogenous than this map suggests.How on earth are Greeks more similar to Slovenes than they are to Italians ?
Also:
People protesting, many lost voters, etc..?
Then we do napoleon, American independence, civil war, then ww1, ww2, Balkan wars, population exchange with turkey and st that point we stop
But it's hard to maintain a household with a family
Cyprus, 5
Well I'm pretty sure your professor has his own agenda, and skewed view according to his political views.
Another candidate could be the Units for Reinstatement of Order, but I guess that goes into political territory
Lol, where is this
I love both countries but I am planning to move to Netherlands or Sweden due to better education and job opportunities
It's mostly older folks, but it is on the decline with them too anyway
Oh man I get it, imagine if the whole of Greece was just called Attika and the people Atticians or something, that would pretty much trigger a civil war, to be honest
Yes but only the strains that do not smell bad like the vaping ones
Find someone else to fight against claims.
Also people avoid using it in people who aren't their close friends, cause it isn't considered appropriate
Unpopular opinion: Weapon instructors would go berserk over his trigger discipline
Btw the weird thing about anti-EU sentiment is that think that eu turns Europe into a Nazi empire and from the other hand they consider that it has a extreme left wing agenda
The times you discovered america !
>I had a serious problem growing up but now I'm more of an occasional drinker
I thought there was a loss about the country that gets debt relief...
You don't make concessions before you begin negotiations.
But them becoming third or even second largest party is sadly a real possibility if the public's quality of living keeps deteriorating.
No public school in greece has lockers, everyone carries their books in backpacks
We have a lot of low cost carriers (at least pre-corona) and as others have mentioned we just need an ID for travelling inside the EU (+ some other countries) so a lot of people travel for work or leisure frequently
greetings from Athens
What kind of Muslims
That's nice
I want to deeply apologise that the replies to your comment ended up this way
Yeah agreed
I had wrote something funny about my classmates being lobotomized etc
Especially from a French press
1922 defeat
Death penalty for both men and women!!!
Nearly 300-500 billion euros spent to protect European borders.
It's government has turned rogue
Thessaloniki is the biggest "rival" of Athens and 2nd biggest city of the country
They're just uneducated
Mainly due to not caving in to Mussolini's ultimatum
After all those years they "still need to protect their people" sure
No, I think it's both
Same government that wants to ban all kinds of abortion
Well spotted from superior Swede
“It is within the agreement that structural-type reforms will be carried out,” Tsakalotos(FM) said, adding that the Eurogroup on February 20 ratified a political agreement for the return of the institutions to Athens
I posted an actual list of actual victims of terrorists and you went on and on about how neonazis did this and that
It's exactly like you remember it.
Tripes are intestines
Why do you believe that it is not very healthy
(also also english penis = penis, greek peinas = you're hungry)
)  know other nations before Greece had national debt,  so unfortunately I can't add it to the list of our inventions
So they are social and nationalists?
Send free money now
I agree on the front of "federalising" Europe.
Because you'll eat your coffee ice cream in a few minutes, whereas you will prolong your pleasure by slowly sipping your coffee for many more minutes ;)
Um, Google
Like we do every year
With a bit of luck we will see a European federation within the century
I don't really see them anymore (but then again I have stopped watching Greek tv) but I did grow up in the 90s with the stereotype of poor Africa/starving children
Probably when Europe goes in and cleans up Africa after all the good charitable work that was done there?
Saves a couple of keyboard clicks.
If Athens is a the shithole of of europe wait until you see the rest of Greek "villages". The exception of course is the nature, monuments and a few islands
I'm pretty sure that's debatable.
I've done a course and before covid had a private tutor weekly
Good fucking riddance
wow
But even a rat is aware of a sinking ship
Greek Farmer's Market Edition:
Meanwhile it's 22°C
Athens
I feel like time is a lot more abstract in the islands too, which can be good and bad
we just call them Lobsters
I think so yeah, in the Victorian times
We don't deserve dogs
In Evia, an island, it snows up to 3 meters in January
Funny that the guy who said that to me also thinks Stalin was the greatest leader in the history of mankind.
It's mostly about cultural appropriation.
The claims of ancient Macedonians being related to North Macedonia is not taken seriously by anyone at least important
The states must be kept willing to remain in the federation, and there is a price to pay for that.
Following the Greek War of Independence and the establishment of the Greek Kingdom, Athens was chosen as the capital of the newly independent Greek state in 1834, largely because of historical and sentimental reasons
Crisis ?
[Also a team of students managed to win even against Harvard in 2015]
Shouldn't Ukraine and Russia be a little more hostile in the first Pic considering they are at war irl
Albania: Sometimes
I really don't know
Some of the memes in my language are good
BUT THEN I go abroad for University and suddenly Bairaktaris is the best restaurant on this side of the hemisphere
Personally I don't take sides here,  but I can't say that I support Iran or the general Qassem,  cause he was guilty
Everybody in Greece is really familiar with Γεώργιος, Αθανάσιος, Μιχαήλ etc
apparently greece went from 89 in 2013 to 65 today
A little useless place in southern europe like macedonia
Unless you want to become a greek province too
I never thought "Pass me the salt please" could be international business
ἑταῖρος (etéros) is another one, meaning: companion/comrade/friend/partner/pupil/disciple/associate/ _in plural:_ the cavalry of the Macedonian Kings
Give them back or we will send our top politicians to 'fix' your economy
What do you mean by that last part
Eventually one day Mother Nature will wash it all away
No pyro no party
The same thing happened in Greece too
It requires a unanimous eu vote by all member states which won't happen.
At least in my opinion is definetely A European place
Not the whole island sadly :(
Meanwhile here in Greece and Turkey people are fighting to the death about who invented what
I don't think they'd dare to invade finland.
My English failed me on this one
yeah, that is some new way to say you are abolishing net neutrality :(
Instead she is struggling with bills and is slowly but surely taking on credit card debt (very smart, I know)
How does that shatter my belief that there are only losers from a nuclear war?
Common story is that the colors represent the colors of the Greek sky and sea.
Despite being the most inspiring act of resistance during the occupation, the two men were persecuted after the liberation by the anti-communist post-war government (which was largely made up of Nazi collaborators - thanks UK and US) and were sent into exile
The struggle was one of the first conflicts of the Cold War and represents the first example of Cold War postwar involvement on the part of the Allies in the internal affairs of a foreign country
Let me fill the rest for you (joking):
I can understand on the spot the French and Russian anthem and with a bit of try the Polish one
They sold MY nation to the bankers
Greece also has one of the highest internet use from under-50, most likely the people polled were not 50+.
A day of hiking in Fonias river while you swim in the waterfalls is amazing!
Unless we are talking about underwear
Auta maresoun
The United Kingdom also defaulted in 1822, 1834, 1888–89 and 1932.
Does she want to Make France Great Again?
But for reading and writing we're OK
And it's most definitely known as the insult, it's on the same level as "asshole" I'd say, but it's also commonly used in as "dude/bro" between friends
τόνος = tuna
Not American smile which looks forced and fake but a genuine smile whenever you truly feel like it
-a pretty big software development industry
But
well we can see how the european press reacted when the russian fleet passed through the english channel...
In against it
Give them (a shit tonne)more.And ofc force austerity so the economy can recover!!Brilliant.A poor southern saved.Now on to another!!!
I was appauled by most fish dishes
gLoBaL waRmING iS  A hOaX
Counterweight trebuchet
we call it Βουδαπέστη (Voudapesti) with a normal S sound
Why didn't she say anything when Cavusoglu said last week that Turkish military will punish Greeks and that Greeks are "spoiled" for having so many islands.
You can go out on a Saturday night and the only wasted people you'll see are tourists
It's politicians that jumped on the "5000 sUiCidEs eVeRY dAy " train , letting people to believe that it's true
In some parts of Greece it is custom to shoot in the air.
That utopian image of Sweden has gotten into the minds of pretty much everyone here in Greece
How many stations does the Bucharest Metro have now
Opinions like that, although welcome, are not constructive.
I guess knowing german would also beneficial due to many similar languages, but I don't know that for sure
Nothing like the glorious ancient Greeks.
that is actually bollocks, our media IS biased and full of spin i don't trust a word they say that doesn't mean i trust Russian news any better, i see no real difference between China Russia and the USA they all lie, do whatever the fuck they want, ignore international law and call on it as needed for their own benefit and fuck everyone else.
I had the opposite impression about Scandinavia
Found the filthy commie
Man, I read this comment and I said to myself "this person is either Scottish or Irish" and then I saw your flair
Living in the US I've heard/seen my share of rich folk who voted for Trump simply because they've been voting conservative their whole life and don't want to pay more taxes
If you wanna wave at someone, just keep your fingers close
Also - poulos comes from the Peloponnese
Ah yes, the beauty of the european borders
Those messages are for the youth., Just like Erdogan said a few weeks ago, the "youth must be like bee's in regard to Luissane Treaty"
Afghanistan (I have never been there) is probably a far exaggeration of mine but Erzerum was pretty close to Iran
Of course if people do a master's then they graduate later
> since we're also heading for the second wave
I visited Berlin and Munich last year.
As for the Croatian guy, I bet he was clueless (I am no expert in avionics technology but I follow some news because airplanes are magical), he boarded a propeller aircraft to get from Athens to an island most likely and said the airplane was bad, the propeller aircraft use the same exact technology as jet engines but apply it differently to better match the shorter trips and speeds they use those aircrafts for, but somehow he thought it looked shady
I initially thought that these coffees were pretty common everywhere, but then my travels abroad made me realise that it's mostly a Greek thing
In a Superman comic, Superman was able to read almost all medical books in existence within a few seconds and a minute later, he performed a complex surgery on a person
From [academia] to [politicians] (before the weird nationalism surge in FYROM during the last years), everyone knows that Macedonia is Greek.
My suggestions mostly consist of the smaller northern ~~cities~~ towns, like Kavala, Kastoria, Edessa, Drama
Can you suggest any interesting spots near the highway that are worth visiting for 10-20 minutes?
Her daughter 'saw' a short guy next to a big desk with a weird cursive symbol/logo
The rest of them could be considered rather informal in the workplace, and you would be discouraged from wearing them
I mean Europe has been depicted as a woman since her inception and origin
I kind of have an idea why, but I don’t go a week without thinking of going back to both of these places
It would also be interesting to know the width of each data point
No data from Cyprus, a former British territory
Croatia
I tried to explain how Italian cuisine works, and I don't take back what I said because I know I am accurate on that, Italian cuisine is **all about** delicasy, so the hot sauce thing is 100% accurate
Hey, as long as they also have a plan to stop equipment looting, I'm all for it
Because the average person doesn't give a fuck about science and wants to watch sports instead
filotima neutral plural
Medieval folklore/zoology is full of mythical animals like that.
Now you can also start making fun of our subway system which was supposed to be finished around 2010s but it wont be finish earlier than 2021, and that's just the very basic of the basic line
[Rebetiko] A type of music both pleasing to the ear and historically significant
About 16,5%.
but Greeks retire at 40s and 50s (that's the narrative).
I was just scrolling through old r/askeurope threads and saw your comment, why not reply to it?
Was it a city bus or an intercity one?
Ζήτω τό ἔθνος ἡμῶν εἰς τούς αἰώνας τῶν αἰώνων!
", "talk", "come on"... otherwise a simple "yes
well they do have a train tunnel for getting goods into the state, you could probably fit through there
**Wedding rituals**, the  **procession with candles on Good Friday** was taken from eleusinian mysteries (we only know a few things about them), we also still have **lament song in funerals** although now it's rare; my grandma had asked to have the traditional/ancient 3 day funeral with professional lament singers from Mani region and they came and 'cried' for her and sang the songs about Hades and all (it was so fucking cool), we also have the **evil eye** from 6th century BC and the ways of 'eliminating' it, we have the **burning of Judas** on easter, **Ηλιούγεννα (sunbirth)** which was our Xmas, **koliva** a mixture of barley, pomegranates, wheat, nuts, raisins etc that is given in funerals and every time they commemorate the dead, **putting a golden coin under the head of the dead so they can cross river Styx** (we did that secretly from the priest or else he could get so pissed off he could refuse to burry the dead), **απόκριες (carnival)**, **carols**, **blessings**, and a gazillion other things, ouf
I didn't really understand what happened so I'm not really the best person to ask
The world is for the strong not the noble.
Ριπιτ αφτερ μι:
It's a dog eat dog out there and IMO however much one hates giving up some sovereignty, it's better than to stand alone.
I've posted the wiki article
Cause you know though we may believe that our government can handle the economy better than the EU, according to this chart, but it doesn't mean we believe that they are good at managing it anyway
That mannequin is NOT going to be used for training
Just out of curiosity, to what extend can you understand each other's dialects
He votes for the other guys
I don't think I have seen a shop with an English pun, written in our alphabet
Although he raised the national debt, he built most of the universities and he gave a tremendous help to the farmers
I would go back to the pre-1978 flag, which has only a white cross in a light blue backround
Obviously Covid is widely discussed, since we're also heading for the second wave, and new measures have recently been enforced
If you wanna help the environment then ban imports from China/India
It really is an odd song to choose as an anthem, it has nothing to do with the EU
In my family at least its not an issue discussing it . Its better than not knowing because each experience was different so you learn some things
Some Greek outlets had reported that Erdogan was attacked by the op for being too soft on Greece
Greek government to conduct a preliminary investigation into former minister Yiannos Papantoniou, focusing on armament programs carried out while he was head of Greece’s defense ministry in the early 2000's
Yeah I mostly agree with what you said
We kinda have an equivalent word in Greek
and yet here we are with everyone calling idiots or worst for finally voting for some one other than the cunts that brought us to this point
Yea but why do you think these "new political actors" as you say emerge ?
They have very little value for predicting actual election results or informing us on what people truthfully believe in.
This is actually really good and funny
Finnish truly is beautiful
Damn, I thought the Brittish were not so fond of us and Cyprus
In other words is there a fear of radicalization while in prison?
It was never open to the public and it would probably be unsafe to load the vaults with extra weight after the fire
Tim Burton's house
*Wtf does this dude do with money and he's always out anyway
Pointed arch bridge
You forgot the most important division [Cork, Not Cork] :-)
Brexit suits them perfectly here as they will have another excuse to underfund and destroy the NHS and ... hey, they can blame the popular vote and a bad EU deal for that
I won't pretend that it is politically correct, because it isn't, but still "Remove kebab" is a meme/joke and as such it has been stripped of its meaning.
At this point I can hear my back begging me to drop out
He is likely still in the area in hiding, it would be to risky to cross the border.
our country
Cyprus: Does their really low quality soap operas count
We drink a lot of raki and tsipouro, which is similar.
Greece in general
I like goat milk, but I usually drink cow's milk , cause that's more common
The media absolutely hated golden dawn,they had a black-out on them and constantly ran negative reports on them,how can you say with a straight face such lie that golden dawn was normalized by media
*Greek Cursing 101*
Furthermore, not everyone knows the details that I just described, they're not "taught" in school
I hope you enjoy the hammer you cunt.
Even if 1/20 move, that's still a 3%.
Good point, that is why it is a complex issue.
On 2 October, 1920 prince Alexandros of Greece was bit by a monkey while trying to break up a fight between her and his dog, Fritz
What
so if you want, you can do stuff
It is fa, far less now, probably because of the fear of the sun
Dare I say Mykonos
**EDIT:** Just to be clear, I am not against Christians, only against specific religious institutions and radical and extremely religious people and alt-rights and extreme conservatives
If you are asking about the "Being dicks" part, it's hard to explain without living it for yourself
it was, they kept the locals as slaves for generations to come to, known as the [helots] Appart from wikipedia my only other source is the greek school system, unfortunately I can't link to that
Other comments have already mentioned it below but we have fun with it
Also in the southern suburbs there mountains and there also many beaches
It's your inalienable right to vote for puppets of Russia, as you indeed did.
Two flipping wolves and people start panicking, sad indeed,
This guy was literally shot in the ass while flashing the enemy troops alone on a rock and basically liberated central Greece
I usually also take the little bottle of ouzo with me, if it has not been emptied
No no no, you get it all wrong.
Goulash was a pleasant surprise for me too, just not in Prague but in Gyor, Hungary
Greece
>The sea monster Charybdis was believed to live under a small rock on one side of a narrow channel
But highest building is Athens tower wich is around 100 metres.
Germany has a lot of pretty landscapes
but i know several people that have big dinners on christmas eve
5 πέντε (pente)
It's very hard to find a job in Greece without knowing at the very least English
Mykonos island
So no it wont happen in the close future :/
You need someone who knows how to cook meat properly /s
E.g.
If you want nature and beautiful beaches try Koufonissia, Sporades or Chalkidiki in northern mainland Greece.
It used to be one of the countries which i wanted to visit but since the 2016 coup i want to avoid that country in every cost
*Lárisa too, mainly for the accent
I don't think cups and teaspoons/tablespoons are American measurements, we have them here too
Yeah, but Romania isn't doing it right, what with reducing corruption and all.
Cyprus is Greece too
That's Cyprus
I'm not saying we should know every little detail, but it would be nice to have a general idea of what was going in different parts of Greece during that time
Do you have to pay for university there
i'm gonna bring some money to locals .Tourism boosts the economy.
Portugal and orange may look similar in greek but they are not synonymous
Unless you are literally giving away food the fast food and delivery market is pretty saturated with local product in Greece, and that's just fine really
Generalizations are almost always wrong
Greek here
In fact, just two days ago, it poured a lot of snow all over northern and central Greece
Golden stuff
Get ready for a really really REALLY BAD SUMMER
Lots of people tend to the stray cats you mentioned by leaving food and water somewhere on the streets everyday.
Also, literally days before the opening day, constructors had to work like crazy to finish the stadiums etc
He banned political parties and shutdown the parliament
He was still, a dictator though
idk how you call them - Jeep
yeah dont you find it a bit suspicious having 2 such an events between months?
> I think you mean that because of US regulations, US eggs are 50 times more likely to contain pathogens
Αλλιώς, υπάρχει και το Reddit
I also haven't broke a bone
I adore it
1974 war and defeat
My favorite one
It ruins it
Thanks
Bullcrap,nobody was normalized in the public sphere,least of all golden dawn
There were a couple more dead from different terror groups
But herein lies the important distinction, its not that most people did not care or find this natural, rather, it is that they find the entity they pay taxes to evil and out to get them, and that almost no one sees returns to their taxes, they consider them going to the banks and rthe rich, so they justify morally avoiding them
One of my grandparents was born in like 1890
Probably [this] photo of the Nazi flag being erected on the Acropolis during the German occupation of Greece
None of the rest of the ethnic groups are large enough on their own.
George Soros would be my first choice
I'm not sure I completely understand your question, but in Greek the singular form is Gyros/Gyro, our plural is not like in English, so we don't put an "s" to make things plural
I have the same question my friend.
I categorize it as the smallest non small country
WTF I am idiot ..
You seem like a nice friend
European neonazis are the definition of cucks
>This honestly just feels like political propaganda meant to frame a political group as victims, in order to garner support for their radical ideology
Not to mention that it is illegaly occupied and the only country that recognises it is Turkey
Neither do I like eggplant so there goes mousakas
Of course every war is a disgrace, especially among Greeks and Italians that we have such a tight bond since ancient times
(Keep in mind that Athens is dense af, 3 of its 4 sectors are among the 7 most densely populated european regions)
Ή Σελήνη or Το φεγγάρι: female and neutral
Luckily our teacher was more progressive and open-minded
same
r/logicgatememes
Σκίουρος Skíouros (Skée uros)
People think of Greece about suns and beaches but forget that Greece is also a mountainous country, its really really cold up there.
I know you were not serious,but "returning the favor" in some way is not going to help
=*I wonder* why hasn't he come yet
i know that but i thought they did have a way to "recycle" co2 by as much as 30-40%
Turkey shot down a Russian aircraft for fuck's sake
Italy, for sure
And those exist in bigger or smaller scales in almost every capital.
Greece has the most amount of smokers in the European Union which is understandable considering how cheap it is to smoke in Greece and the majority of Eastern Europe
For me, I think the first thing that I noticed, was the obvious distress of him when for example they wouldn't have a product we needed in a certain shop
There are 9 KFC stores all over Greece, 8 of them in Athens
The heat is bearable if you are within walking distance of a beach, otherwise it's hell.
* To Vima  [
To be more specific  Capital punishment was abolished for peacetime crimes other than [high treason] **during wartime** by article 7 of the [Constitution of 1975] Oficially it was abolished in 2005 for all purposes
Good ol' cup o' hemlock
I think that's about as authentic as the experience of Greece can be (although I would change the beer for tsipouro)
Taxes are the tip of the iceberg
I was in Sweden as a student and i could not believe there was a blackjack table in nearly every pub
(for dogs)
And we're talking about just 17-20 damn km, that's it
Britain would benefit from closing an ongoing dispute with Greece, improve its relation with Greece and in return Greece could push for some of Britain's requests in the post Brexit agreement
Wholesome
Cool
Take this word for example,
First Christians found refuge, prayed and finally had the grave for their material body
Greece is an outlier
Example Delta is not pronounced like that because Ancient Greeks were pronouncing it like that, it is because that is the "letter for letter" translation of the greek Δ pronounced in an English way.
I thought half of Britain was in Spain too.
Also there are many types of facial features
Single
Crimes,murders,dozens of racist hatred crimes
Also
I wouldn't call a period in which many people suddenly found themselves with more money than they were used to (or than they could imagine) as 'golden'. The 80s were surely a period of prosperity for Greek people (ασχέτως αν τώρα πληρώνουμε τα σπασμένα, κυριολεκτικά και μεταφορικά), it also opened up education to the vast majority of the population, but, as per your description, just partying and not investing, making research, being creative or excelling intellectually ... what kind of golden is that
How's the population reacting to this
Mykonos kind of, due to most tourists being mindless party goers
They are the Golden Dawn supportes of course.
We're still hanging around tho, much to many people's dismay
Since no one has done my country, here it is
Not the same really but some turks say that homer was apparently Turkish
We are supposed to switch as well, but people fear of it being "the devil's sign" due to them including the finger print, or something like that
For example :
It's normal for a state that has significant social welfare and offers high quality public services, like public safety (police), public transport, etc
Note that reunification was generally something Cyprus wanted, who was 90% greek, but obviously not in an undemocratic way
Ketchup ruins most stuff and it's basically only good for fries
I am not saying that the guy who died has some significance.
But good luck going at the gate with a one kilo overweight hand baggage without getting fined 50 euros by the sleazy employee with the weighing scale
Now go back to your safespace
Serbia, Italy, Spain
I've been refusing to watch this movie my whole life
Stay strong
We had a larger population as Byzantium (15 million) than now (11 million)
i got no debts not even a credit card, how about you?
ok EU does that I mean might gived money to build roads to connect Bulgaria, Greece etc whit rest EU, but why Germany
Also many people are leaving to study in universities outside of their towns/cities
Is this different from the goulash soup
The word Macedonia shouldn't be at all on the name.
How are they Christians if they don't believe in Jesus
no offense, but this is getting tiring :[
That is exactly why syriza got elected in the first place.
Crete is like Texas when it comes to gun ownership.
Not popular at all
It better not get stuck Lmao
I already know some Italian, but I am by no means fluent in it
I won't carry them back and forth from my house for no reason and apart for those I literally can't think of anything I would have a locker for
octopus (χταπόδι) = eight-foot
All buildings are grey ugly boxes, newer ones often have short ceilings so they can fit more floors to sell
But I should note that in Greece there people with different skin tones, hair types, hair tones and shades etc
We had our fair share of dictators in the past
Yee the most exciting thing with Brexit for me is my brand new blue passport
Also decentralization didn't work quite well for the Ottomans as many Pashaliks turned against the central authorities.
So Islam is not a bad thing as /u/Joko11 erroneously said, the bad is that the Ottomans destroyed Balkans and Greece with their conquest
Samsun = Σαμψουντα = Sampsounda
Also, i find it really great when my professors post material to study or the lectures themselves so we can check them out anytime
My Dad is Cretan so that would explain it
I absolutely despise feta cheese
ok EU does that I mean might gived money to build roads to connect Bulgaria, Greece etc whit rest EU, but why Germany
You can tell the world your side of the argument in ways that do not directly help a politician get re-elected
Is the political party of Zelensky going to take part
I would say libertarianism is weak in Europe generally.
Μαλάκια (malákia) = Clams
Jeg lærer det bare for sjov:) jeg tror at det er mærkeligt for nogen i udlandet, fordi de fleste mennesker, der jeg har mødt, der lærer dansk, er i Danmark eller planlægger at bo i Danmark
Modern Greece : the pap test which is the most accurate test for cervical cancer
UK: Despite the Parthenon marbles, which are really important to us, we like you
An illegal occupation doesn't change when we became independent.
The name comes from the word ''upside down'' (anapoda) which is in podana itself
Triggered much that your country did nothing compared to mine?
Many people believe that [mount Olympus] is not an actual mountain but just a mythological place
Is this possible for normal people to do it
sometimes I feel like my family didn't live in Greece cause we never had 5 houses and 10 cars but still we have to pay for the partying others did and it seems it's a majority
The dialects of Thessaly are considered rude and uneducated
• Cussing feels so satisfying (compared to english at least) for 3 main reasons
Dude the man is shit but there's no one like him in the government
Some of my personal best, based on my experience so far (there are tons of places around Greece I haven't visited yet):
That made me chuckled lol
There is not enough trust between nations to share our wallet.
Cheese is great
Went there as a tourist and had the same reaction.
How come it's today though
>, which sounds like a sexual innuendo
Btw In what State did you live
I guess we have to thank Germany & France for organising all of it
There's a considerably smaller chance that you'll be blown to pieces by an explosion while strolling through central Athens though.
Beirut= Viritos
As for Greek salad, you can ask them to skip the cucumber the next time you'll think of ordering it :)
The reasons for the family gathering can be birthdays, a new baby, name days, or any happy new thing that happened
Kindness yes, but still treating them as foreigners
Same with Greece and many other Balkan countries
A lot of people around 11 years old are starting learning German or French
Try though I may I can't get the spelling conventions down
Pro-communistic
Regularly an hour to an hour and a half lately
we should just give all of them EU passports and let them fuck off.
I am not sure if there are other good options
*men*
In reality I don't really think that this will have any actuall effect
It was also highly used in the first days of the republic , as a coat of arms,  state seal, even currency
I don't know if there are other places so heavy on that part
We have become distrust against all.
also why Greko(Greek) is the 10th most common last name in Italy.
Calling it a myth will only help the extremists gain votes.
We don't do that at all
Or maybe you should see the positives and the problemes in a more realistic manner and appriciate what you have.
No, the Greek word for kite is "χαρταετός" literally "paper-eagle".
Last I checked, Ελληνική Δημοκρατία doesn't look like anything to most people
*I would interpret that as the crowd goes livid after hearing the announcement
It fell under the occupation of the Ottoman Empire but was liberated after ww1.
Super weird
As I said before, we call them souvlaki and together with Gyros pita they're our national food
The natinhas though are quite different from any other, and also they're always hot as they constantly bake them
True I like it, makes words flow much easier
Airspace is violated beyond those boundaries as well.
I think more half of the outlets are here, so maybe it isn't so popular in rural areas
As for dolamades, I think we only ate them on Sundays during lent, maybe a couple times during the summer and that was it
She'll tell me crazy stories and how mangoes and bananas taste nothing like the shit we have here
I need the sun the afternoon more than the morning.
Yes Zebra crossings by themselves in reality mean nothing in Greece.
Coronavirus it's free real estate
>!It's almost always between the minimum wage and two times that, plus the children bonuses
I can hear mussolini noises from Athens
Lol man, McDonalds
Do you understand that they were forced though?At least the significant majority.Oh, [by] #) [the] [way]
I get dizzy just by looking at its picture
Well your comment sounds like there's a dictatorship going on
Yes, and they just received a ton of money from the EU development fund to make a serious under-taking to get this realized soon.
Greek Solution: Far right party
It stands to remind everyone that Greece is orthodoxy and orthodoxy is Greece
it has stabilized in a quite low point
probably because our sex education isn't very good, or not as good as it in similar countries.
Also nouns like ο/ η αβαρής, το αβερές
Colonization
They're not locked in here with us, we're locked in here with them!
Greece - The guy who has been in the corner since always, but no one knows what exactly his job is
=*I wonder* why hasn't he come yet
έκανες δουλειά του ποδαριού (you did a foot's job - no pun intended) - when someone does something (mainly a job/assignment) poorly
Golden Dawn has found guilty for Criminal Organization !!!
All other games have been war simulators or stuff like that, which although some are highly rated, they're pretty niche
Based
it would probably go like "Τζόν μέιντ χις γουέι το ε τάβερν θρο δε ντάρκ φόρεστ, όνλι του φάιντ άουτ δατ χι φοργκότ δε μάνι"
Nice lets go and gather some gold
I think that was about the price here before they raised [taxes] But It looks like you have high taxes on alcohol too.
Respect the culture that hosts you.
But the countries that share boarders with my country aren't Schengen members
If the only alternative is an intolerant regressive left, people will vote the right.
It is this corruption the new government tries to combat and, indeed, its hard, because its culturally entrenched, and for some vested in necessity, even though everyone hates it
The actual quote doesn't say "Οι Γερμανοί είναι φίλοι μας" but "Μας αγαπάνε οι Γερμανοί, σαν φίλοι έρχονται" (The Germans love us, they come as friends)
Our both dictators
I don't think Athens is disliked in Greece in general
Personally I don't really like graffities, even though I did graffities when I was younger (yeah, they were not so pretty tbh) but this is absolutely beautiful.
I am not sure if it was Greek origin or not though.
He visits on new year's day, instead of Christmas
That's why US won the cold war
Its the day that everyone is outside, distant relatives get together and every village fills with people
I heard a few clips, and while they're amazing content-wise, just be aware that Michali's pronunciation is not perfect
Yeah sorry, I meant to write "is only good for comedies" but I forgot good
I want to die: -10°C and below
Either stay or go
A few days later, the flag was torn down by two resistance fighters, Apostolos Santas and Manolis Glezos
O_O
And you should know this unless you are not living in Greece
It unites us as a nation to complain about it and it is really awful
Never seen any of those, they look weird and funny lol
However the title was used for Alexander the great and the byzantine emperors as well
Was it because your history teacher didn't teach you enough of it or because you didn't study enough of it
You only realise this now
Deaths from the heat rise a lot during the summer in Greece
That says something about the people who voted for him
Yeah that's right, after 400 years of Ottoman occupation, we fought a civil war in the middle of our independence war against them
Has what now
-Anne-Marie
And the moat popular saints get many villages - I can't even remember how many Saint Johns and Saint Georges there are
The show of this fort aired in Greece too
Until then your link isn't an argument
Go away golden dawnist
It kinda depends on the matter
The Democrats of the early 20th century are not the Democrats of today.
Greece cannot be condemned to austerity for ever
The dominance is even greater in the dry bulk and tanker sectors
**Panagiotis Kouroumplis**, the Minister of Naval Affairs that during the Saronikos oil spill (1st
A chore that may take 10mins somewhere else may take 2h in Athens cause of commute etc
"Think it's a lie" indicates a >50% confidence that they're deliberately deceiving you with a falsehood.
Always
Some people might need explanations on why to breathe to survive I guess
That's the reality of many Greek roads
Being kind to foreigners
Looking or making the catalog of sanctions for Turkey
Both countries are getting worse and worse by each day with their regimes
It might be a different nation but it's the same people
This is scaringly similar to [a beach in southern Greece...]
[Wikipedia] says it has 9921 inhabitants
No offense to Romania
Italy can't take a break lately, It's really sad :(, my deepest apologies.
Also comes in the form of "forced" eating and excessive food prep
We aren’t homeless with no internet connection
Im starting to think some dude in his moms basement, experimenting on human behavior, is the one feeding this vicious circle
being proud of being poor because you are "happier"
PiS gave them money for children (always people with lower education have more children), for animals (farmers) and also supports their conservative very Catholic mentality
Well, thanks for producing the parts I guess.
I also love drinking cold milk, it is so refreshing
Interesting
Dont forget that in 1900 the world's population was just 2 billion.
Is there not a possibility of them coming back?
I don't think that there are many "normal" people that believe that some races are inherently violent.
Also it's a very boring symbol
Not in Greece tho and there is a reason for this
Did they not vote for them
The then leader of Greece Kapodistrias locked the potatoes in warehouses so that people thought it was some valuable food and were enticed to steal it.
Man you are fucking wrong and stone headed.That money came from a surplus, which came from taxpayers themselfs.
This can be used to silence voices we don't like and dialogue is crucial for a functional democracy.
Your inferiority complex is showing
**GREECE:**
I have an environmental engineering degree, but I seriously think of applying
didn't found any, so I decided to make the difference xD
The people view it positively it has nice stuff and good food
Its just stopped to be used
The were rich before the war and lost everything
(used for cleaning) - Wettex
The lyrics are also mostly inspired by folk music
EDIT: It seems like, a terrorist attack is not the case with this one
Voules-vouz coucher avec moi
That means I am christian and therefore I can't be Greek
You're making us proud OP
I too would make a smug comment if I still lived in Singapore.
But if you want a proper cheese from Greece, Metsovone is the way to go
The economic collapse of a big country like Turkey is a tricky subject.
i got a Lazaros in my class too :D
For Greeks it is a totally normal thing to do
ALL GUILTY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not bad at Santander
>Spain and Greece just fry everything
Ζήλεια (zília) / Ζήλος (zílos)
I really like στο μουνι της μανας του
Was that before or after you whitewashed them
Also the people who took part in The Security Battalions (Greek: Τάγματα Ασφαλείας) or people who cooperated with them
Bat=Νυχτερίδα (Nychterída) daughter of the night I think
Papaflessas
ML KKE (Marxist Leninist KKE, same initials for KKE), and
[wikipedia says] that 37% of Greeks were smokers as of 2017 but it doesn't look like there is any more recent data
The most of them would certainly be neo-Nazis if they were born in a coundry that hadn't had conflicts with Germany.
there is a thing called sarcasm in reddit
Haha, actually I live in Athens
I'd swap out Russia for Bulgaria
But any way I say it, I have the best excuse “it’s Greek and that’s how we pronounce it ”
This happens in most cities
So, learn the letters, then learn a few words and start speaking
Not overlooking the fact that smoking is unhealthy af and is a bitch of a habit to kick, but it helps with stress
ου (u), which means "not" in ancient Greek (it counts as one letter cause it's a single phthong)
Yes and no
Is there any remix of it somewhere maybe
How common is Russian language in Finland
Super overpriced for what it's worth
and this [
Here, if you go back 3 - 4 decades women had housekeeping lessons
Probably they were sad about the news
But I know some immigrants who live here for many years and they are generally fine here
Greece would, ordered many foods, got drunk, started to sing drunk songs with Germany and asked you a loan , so we can pay for everything we ordered
US is actually the only global superpower atm.
", "Not too bad". So are you good or are you bad
Not having the Euro actually would have worked in this case
I served on them, they are really good tanks maintenance wise especially when compared to the Abrams.
During Axis occupied Greece, many Greek communists fought against the Nazis and right wing Greeks too, which led to some right wing Greek groups (especially in the southern Peloponnese and cities like Thessaloniki) siding with the Nazis, and even rebel groups that fought for them, as well as official groups (like the security Battalions, who were Greek evzone unites directly controlled by the Third Reich, basically the Greek SS)
I'd say yes, it'd be extremely weird if someone in his late 20s-30s couldn't cook anything
There's Linear A, but at about the same time there's Cretan hieroglyphics present in Crete
We should demand your extradition.
I'm a bit confused
I don't have any clue what are the origins of this action.
Does he plant it and wait for a money tree to grow
I don't even know if we have a team but I can tell you that rugby is known as the american sorry excuse for a sport
Most -if not all- prefer him more than Aristotle
It;s not bad to have a good relationship with Russian people, but Russian government is authoritarian and enemy of freedom and human rights
It's not common at all, even among young people, with the exception of parties etc
Do you believe in Zeus
Italy: We actually really like you guys
But generally I agree
No she do not
That's dope
Having the manuals in my native language and the os in English actually helped a lot to understand the basics of the language
Cypriot Greek has a big influence from Ancient Greek and English
It was broadcasted in the Greek TV too
But it had gradually stopped to be in effect since 1972,where the last person executed had burned his ex wife and two children alive
Your social situation, and it's not only tied to your financial situation but also to what this AI or whoever would keep track of the credit deems socially acceptable
If it would be exterminating minorities he will get will get hell.
Μέγας Αλέξανδρος (Alexander the Great) - He conquered countries all the way to India before dying at 33 of an unknown disease
It's been 7 years of recession.
People in the mountainous areas of Greece will have much lower Temps to report
I live in Athens, a city that sees proper snow for 1-2 days a year it will most likely not snow this winter for a single day and I'm jealous of you guys
(The joke is ongoing though - as a woman from Lesbos I've heard it many many times
I do believe that abortion is murder, besides if the mother's life is in danger
Pfffff that's half of what I need to issue a drivers  license in Greece
I hope that you win but you are already winners in our hearts for doing that
I like [Olympiakos's logo] ( I hope that's not due to the fact that I am biased)    [Celta's Vigo logo] ,  [Kubikenborgs IF]  and   [Boavista logo] .
2100 - Athens so far
The Acropolis (the parthenon mostly)
Isis shares a border with turkey, it's the only reason they exist as that is the main weapons smuggling route.
Like I'm going to ολως τυχαιως μυρίσω τον κρίνο και θα μείνω έγκυος since I'm single
There are some variations but this is the one I knew as a kid
Unfortunately you wouldn't get much out of a Greek bank.
Miklagard is the Icelandic (Faroyar too?) name, mudgard is the world of men, Earth in a sense.
I have enjoyed the food in Belgrade, Serbia and in Dubrovnik, Croatia (oh my, I just remembered that I have had a to-die-for shellfish experience in Mali Ston, Croatia
But there is no way to prove that they are part of antifa
α, ε and ω can be used as interjections
Try to get the train down to Stonehaven and hike up to the ancient castle.
**this post was made by the European gang**
It's amazing how we have evolved in the last 100 years
Same here, they are usually posted locally where the deceased used to live.
On the other hand, it's still so far off that most of Reddit does feel culturally distant, maybe even more so this sub, since South/East Europe is really not portrayed
Poor junkies
They were barbarians
Apparently, yes
Edit: the penultimate is the one in the second paragraph
Cause Christos (Christ) comes not from Khrima (money) but from Chrisma (Son of God).
I only really use it for regional matters relating to Greece
BTW Why did you thought that you were in Germany ?
But if you want to go to a beautiful island, that has an amazing ambience, is riddled with greek culture and all that sort, go to [Spetses] for example, it's imo one of the best islands but very little know about it
Apart from Greek, I speak English, French and Italian
Congratulation guys, I think that was good for you
Why not in 2012 or 2015 when there was so much more at stake?
• φίλε, φίλη (fíle, fíli) = friend
I know that, but it's pretty much a knock off of the Byzantine, that's what I meant
We are not nationalists we do love Serbians
I have two hoodies like that, but I've never actually read what is written on them
How are we cheating
Amalia -> Amalitsa -> Litsa
Antifa literally stands for antifascism, it's not a left wing extremist group
61 is exínta-éna
She should have included the Labour Party in the negotiations to make sure they knew what the real deal of negotiating such a deal is, and secure the votes she needed
Mind you, the populations of the Black Sea were Hellenized in the past, so they were Greek without having Greek blood or whatever.
In the US (at least in Philly) they are called 'Community Gardens'.
I adored them
In Greek we use the word lose to say we have missed something
In Greece we've read: [Odyssey] [Iliad] [Helen]
I'm fairly certain I haven't seen any comments from Greeks because no one knows where to start from, the amount of stuff that's wrong with our education system is overwhelmingly high
The reason it's so beautiful is because it didn't fell into Ottoman hands
The only country, besides Italy, to fall into the negative numbers.
I'm pretty sure is "Λαμψη" (Shine)
edit: we also use the the phrase "pink video" to describe pornographic videos
Dont let Erdogans propaganda get to you, they say anything these days
It wasn't all in one go
But we'd prefer that you came to Greece anyway :)
She is a damn fine ship and maid, that's what she is
I don't think it was a 100% false flag but I wouldn't be surprised if Erdogan & Co knew about it beforehands, let those low-level officers blunder ahead with their attempted coup and then crushed it just the right time so AKP could get its own Reichstag fire.
Varusteleka
Whether his ideas would work or not, well, that's debatable and it was not my intention to start an argument on that.
They used to have muse statues at omonoia square, that's where it comes from
No phrases with "bite" though
Also coal grilled meat and fish of course
They just upload their slides and/or notes on eclass and that's it
Cyrillic was created by one of their students Climent of Ohrid in the capital of Bulgaria - Preslav.
He is a man who has lived his life in accordance to his ideals.
Allegedly Iran is supporting financially Hezbollah and has been likened to Al-Qaeda and Taliban.
I think my teachers had told me that it happened AGAIN in the past in a comic store where they (satired= I think thats the word) muslims'  God
So while the deaths in the US have gone down by a ton (considering how fucked they were) people scream about the huge increas ein cases like its getting worse when the daily deaths keep dropping, as do the cases that are in need of hospitalization
Even our previous prime minister is an atheist
Yeah, maybe, idk
He said that's how they called today in Greece, for example in history classes
ngl, he be spitting straight fax tho
Brexit will show you why (deal or no deal)
I would say projection is the same with just about every European capital, like I felt the same when I visited Berlin, although it sounds like I had a better impression of it than you had of Athens
Actually, I think it's more interesting that it's our country's name that is completely different
I still remember when they said that they are ready to fight their allies for their freedom or something like that.
I think so
Do you think that EU official don't try to present the EU situation with an optimistic touch ?
We also don't dub movies-series and we rely heavily on tourism where English is used almost always
You too my Sweden Friend
Blue/red would have been really good.
Indeed, I made this a while ago, following a short-lived r/europe map meme going around at the time (it's at the top of r/greece too)
I also like pineapple on pizza, as long as is not too much - again it can become over-powering
I love your flag's colors
If China says so, France should remove the name
It’s a great name after all
I am just saying that he covers Tim's work.
Nothing is unsafe right now and honestly I don't predict it being unsafe by August and if anything serious happens it will be concentrates in Athens.
Yeah surprise, buddy
Athens is still full of life and good food, don't get me wrong
[Here] is a video with many Rebetika (Rebetiko-style songs)
What we eat day-to-day isn't nearly as elaborate as dolamades, for example
Serbian nationalism and Greek nationalism (like Golden Dawn) are kinda tied unfortunately.
Aren't we worthy of the qifsha ropt award 2020
Does he eat it
If any Thracian wants to complain about cultural appropriation, they are more than welcome to do so
It's probably around 35%, maybe less.
That's a pretty big assumption
It's actually pronounced same as "me".
It's a bit more complex than that though
The sad part is, that people who understand that a change needs to be made on this country’s social and economic culture, often give up and migrate when they realise that it is an impossible task
If anyone needs more info, google about the Noor-1 case
I learned something new today
You have a very problematic perception of "freedom of the press".
Nah mate, they’re selling potions and spells in there
I think there's a huge portion of us that aren't a beach person
τόνος = ton (weight unit)
We actually contributed nato by joining korea war
Cheesecake is Greek
Greece is a third world country.
Now, where are the people who talked about Erdogan trying to appeal to his voters or that it is only northern Iraq or Syria that are in his "heart's" borders?
Looks smaller than what I would have expected
Damn, had there been the daily mail in the place of The sun, it'd have been the daily trinity of shitstorms
I don't know nowadays but back in the 90's it was still a thing
They will get over it soon, and we 'll realize the world is far from over.
Nobody seriously listens to teenagers tho so
i remember an old movie where the students cheats on their finals exams (I think it was ροδα τσαντα και κοπανα) and the teacher asks a student "what's that on your desk" and she replies "σκονακι για τα δοντια μου" and then she opens it and it's actually filled with powder . That's the one time i have seen it used literally
Thank you for bringing that to our attention
Negotiations haven't even started yet and actually being out will take at least as long as you mentioned (ie 2019).
God damn, a Holy War is brewing
Fucking greenskins want to destroy our Imperium and are attacking innocent civilians as well.
One time I was talking to an American study abroad student and he asked me how you say "thank you" in Greek
The actual hot weather is supposed to start monday here
I'm not in touch with almost anyone who's struggling financially **that** much and apparently that alters my point of view
So most people prefer to keep living with their parents, spending a few hundred for entertainment while saving the rest
I like fried potatoes very much,  they are good in some places here
Was so overpopulated that their govenrnment has encouraged EMIGRATION for most of their history
There are definitely some similarities.
That s really greek of him
And we're talking about just 17-20 damn km, that's it
I live in Thessaloniki
(Armenian and Hellenic genocides)
As a Greek this is totally easy for me to say
Not in Greece tho and there is a reason for this
EDIT: New info suggest that it was an 18 yo
[O Chrysoús Aión tou Perikléous] (Pericles' golden century)
One of their leaders, Kasidiaris, is a Morrocan looking dude (probably he's of Anatolian descent) who has convinced himself that that he is a pure Aryan master race specimen.
The union isn't perfect
Something like that I think will reinforce Greek and German relationships.
Thank you Bulgaria, because is Greeks can go there and buy things for really cheap
Greeks are culturally Christians, Orthodoxy means nothing if you think that our neighbors FYROM and Bulgaria are Orthodox but we don't have relations with them.
Same mealtimes over here, sending revolutionary greetings
There are other Romance- speaking people here; one of them is the Aromanians
And the northerners taste a little more bland but have a nice refined texture
- Be an Englishman: be punctual
The navy is out there but as soon as they get approached by the navy or coast guard they puncture their boats.
In Greek there are different forms of the singular of a word actually, and I'm not a linguistics expert so I don't really know how to explain it well,
He is the evolution of the cánguras
Greek sounded like
Just make sure it's a chocolate trifle and that girly strawberry shite.
Poor thing, she's "special"
You make people afraid of war and starting to hate you and that creates a hate circlejerk
Os the economy bad
Residents who just seem to live in the worst area or be victims of some industrial/natural disasters
I personally consider the entire history of the Byzantine Empire to be a plot hole
I went on and on about nazis under a post about the very same nazis with the guy who went on and on under the same post saying that neonazis don't exist
Here is images of another pharmacy in southern suburbs of Athens that also looks cool  [
Here the news said there was around 29k victims, what's wrong with those numbers
Are you talking about something like a toaster grill ? Because literally every night I make a pair of toasts with
No by the concept per ce as milk bars
Is this the usual thread using questionable statistics about how dumb people make bad choices and destroy the future of the redditors that all made the good choice since they are all so smart
Do you ever bother to read the article?
I'm currently in Hannover, and we had like 37 for 3 days straight
Amazing
The other one though is brutal
If you'd rather go to the mountains and forest trekking, go to Epirus or even Crete (Messaria ravine).
Edit: I was also surprised by how the phonology of Finnish is almost identical to that of Greek
Yea many people across Europe wear them and I have seen some of them
Dark red lettered number plates
How are the relations between Ukraine and Poland?
In which country
people in Greece are always comparing Greece with Turkey too.
Also since i dont think you arent very educated on the Greco-Turkish relations check the Instanbul pogroms of Greeks in Istanbul in 1953, and then come back and tell me Turkish only cared for their safety
If they lived here permenently then yes I would let them vote as long as they had citizenship and did military service, I would also strip away that right from Greeks who live permenently on another country
This basically
Where do i sign my good sir
EDIT: Also wanted to say that’s why I find that Bulgarian guy’s post a little bit racist
I sometimes confuse English and Greek and I say Catα
That said, I have no problem eating tons of yoghurt-based tzatziki
i don't understand why that would change
With the current ratio Greece should be a circa 8 million country in less than 15 years, with a population comprising of mainly aged Greeks and immigrants
Part of Britain until 1964 (even though they voted to remain part of the UK), geographically African, but politically European
Though I've heard the rather peculiar one "if my grandma/aunt had wheels, she would be a scooter"
They were wise enough to choose native speakers as my teachers
The country that invented Democracy, The Arts, Theater, literature etc etc so that YOU can live in a civilized society you ungrateful cunt.
we can still hope, the jury is not settled.
They have romanticize Kemal way beyond absurdity.
There is no point in working less if I have to "pay" it in another way
Why did you immediately think of the negative meaning of "attention"?
Αυστροουγγαρία (Austroouggaria)
Well you guys were camping for like centuries so you weren't playing fair either..
Lmfao that's exactly the kind of videos that start all that nonsense.
All our neighbors but Bulgaria
Bosniaks are just Turkified Serbs and Croats
What do you mean probably
Btw Did algebra start here
In Athens most high income,urban/subruban areas are located either north at the hills, ([Ekali] are examples) or south/south west along the coast ([Example:Glyfada] A more clear [map] about income disparity in the city.
Writing
Period
I spent a day in Bratislava back in 2015, I absolutely loved it
That was a little too apparent with the match yesterday.
I don't think it's fair for Greece to bear the load when France went unilaterally and armed the Syrian opposition early on.
Hey you guys, we're doing good on the right list for a change
And I was 15 when I visited Paris - there was no way I would eat frog legs back then
I'm just ok with Constantinople :D
200 euros is also a huge thing here (it's the norm)
**do sex**
One thousand - two
Yes, but my ancestors were oppressed for 400 years and had enough with that.
I think that there different types of cultures like national/social cultureand political culture and I would say that my country is politcally more Eruopean ( also we are in mainland Europe) I am not sure about Cyprus though
Why bother arguing with the truth?
We don't really have any modern ones just random scary stories
Praise Europe
They call a "gathering" of all the students of the faculty, and in a proceeding involving speeches, shouting, arguing, booing etc that usually lasts hours they proceed to a vote on whether their proposal will pass or not (you can imagine how few people actually have nothing better to do than compete in this farce for hours)
While Engish word "library" has Latin roots the word for it in some (if not all) Romance languages has Greek roots.
The cats always come back for more, but are usually not forced to stay inside houses.
This is only some food from only one supermarket
I love those countries
Sokrates
- students still gather and do the little christian prayer every morning before classes begin
The USSR was also built on conquest and military enforcement
Was it a private school
That's true
That's why they call it" 1000 yards stare "
>Wir schreiben nur in Englisch, es sei denn, es steht auf den U-Booten des Landes
My name is Dimitris and I am from Greece
I'm surprised this is upvoted (not that I disagree with the statement).
r/Cabinporn
>“Some other countries, headed by Germany, said that in view of discussion at the European Council on the whole spectrum of EU-Turkey relations, their approach, of the German Chancellor, is that this issue is referred to the European Council,” Christodoulides said
There aren't any close languages to greek you can understand, only words
What do you mean you can't find a program?
Yeah,  I am progressive and I don't really like that "antifa" rapper because he glorified extreme forms of violence in his songs,  but ( I am saying this to avoid any misunderstanding) I believe that the fascist murderers were worse and his murder was clearly wrong
He just wants excuses so he can stay at home
**Kostas Zouraris**, Vice Minister of Education "You think now we are threatened as a country, Erdogan is only asking for a few islands
It seems like they used the 4 continents model, seeing Australia as part of Asia
We have it in southern Macedonia too but we call it paprika
I wouldn't say i was disappointed, but i was certainly unimpressed
Oh, WW1 had lots of ethnic cleansing too
Hence why I didn't mention it on my first comment, because people would get triggered.
I've only been there a few times so don't know to much about the history, I just really love that place, it feels like a living museum if that makes sense.
And then they just decided to invade 40% of the island *after* the Junta had already fallen and brings tens of thousands of settlers from mainland Turkey, why exactly
Soon, a culture of outsmarting the state was created, mostly out of a perception that the state was out to get you and abuse you, and this all lead to culturally endorsed corruption
Variety most probably
They always switch sides
>As a kid I also thought tiramisù was a Finnish invention
I'd say university of Crete has some of the best departments
"Teared down"
He is tall, muscular, with blond hair and blue eyes (possibly a reference to the Nazi concept of an Aryan Master Race) and usually wears military fatigues, uniforms, formal wear, or a collared shirt
My family doesn't have a long history in my current area as they moved her after fleeing the Ottoman Empire's/Turkey's genocide of Christian populations
The currency union is also the reason why things such as EU investment goes into member states with billions in funding for projects around Europe.
i highly doubt it will be a sensible choice since the f16s can literally get the same electronics
It's full of antique buildings, crooked trees and a huge menacing castle wall that surrounds a part of the city
Or map of every central european city, because I can't think of any mediterranean city that actually is like this
Greece, forever alone
WHY TF DO WE KEEP STATS AND NUMBERS THEN
I guess your comment is just a troll attempt, because if you think that people of Albanian descent like the Arvanites you referred to dislike Serbia or something, then you're just stereotyping people easily.
Thank you
Sanctioning Belarus was an easy thing to do because they had nothing to lose
thank you for trying
Based on what I read 37% of Greeks are smokers
Yes, I never disputed that the retention of the final ν wasn't a Cypriot characteristic, it's just that personally as a Greek person interacting with other Greeks my age (under or around 20) have never had such a reaction or even considered it strange
Its a running gig that if something unlikely to happen, people will say "I will happen when the metro of Thessaloniki finishes". Current projections say that will be around 2024
>“PUT ON YOUR FECKING SEAT BELT
That only enriches cultures, however is not multiculturalism
Also some people might want to combine alcohol like wine with their meals
I felt that
Meanwhile lobbying is a thing on other parts of the world
As for the political party and it's supporters they are on trial for organised crimes now and noone uses their symbols and agenta
Officially the Hellenic Republic
Surprised no one mentioned the word “ubiquitous”. Should just be me
I believe yesterday or a few days ago was the last call for Greek citizens to declare income that is not known to the state, allowing perpetrators to take a major fine(50% i believe) but no jail time.
I'm sure it's easily proven that it isn't :)
I feel completely indifferent Russia so it would be nice if people would speak for themselves :)
He visits on new year's day, instead of Christmas
The Greek Wikipedia generally has severely less information as well as articles compared to the English one
α ρε Παύλο, θα πληρώσουν.
Lower taxes for the poor, pour money into public healthcare, inclusivity etc
That statement indeed came from Turkish sources, but it wasn't disputed at the time by Greek authorities.
WAITING PATIENTLY TO ENTER IN SUPER MARKETS IN TEAMS OF 10 PEOPLE EACH TIME
The muslims of Greece are either Turks, Pomaks or Roma muslims.
It doesn't make any sense to have a vote between Remain and Norway-type deal, because it's more or less the same, with Remain being the sensible option
I like how 5G can barely pass through tree leaves yet people think it can cause serious issues
Sleeping well, not so much
You said Breitbard because want to be dismissive of the case.
But overall I hope Athens would be better for business etc
What was that like
Okay maybe I put a lot of effort on my claim but I'm sure that a big reason that the Serbia-Croatia relations were always bad is because religion
Yeah it happens but when it comes to numbers I always read the number in greek in my head and sometimes even mumble it out while reading an English text or speaking English
If you've been to greece you'll know that most people are kind towards you if you engage them
Supposedly it has been revived, but with the pandemic and all, it's kind of a no-go
Nea Dimokratia (New Democracy): The current leading party
But somehow Cyprus entered the EU so people consider it a part of Europe.
Indeed, hating [each other]
Before Fyssas was murdered, the neonazis that killed him had been normalized in the public sphere by the media and by people like you
But I guess things might be different in other areas
So as I understand it's not weird , but there are people who consider it weird
Serbia for more or less the same reason
i don't have time to list all of the but you get the picture
I didn't know you had kids, how old are they
Well, we didn't just come up with this co-capital thing, it's a reference to Thessaloniki being the co-reigning city of the Byzantine Empire alongside Constantinople
Im considering doing my bachelors in Scotland .Does anybody know if the tuition fees  will remain free after Brexit ?
We have our own unique alphabet too
Yeah,  it's common knowledge
A few interesting buildings here and there, quiet streets you could get lost in, everything I could ever ask for
15 to 20 is alright
I know the bailouts are used to serve old debt.
What does tend to agree/disagree even mean?
I remember waiting in line to buy gelato with my friends and commenting how good looking the guy in front of us was
* [] is the signpost
&#x200B;
He would have been familiar with the concept
>For EU nothing changes
Ok, I stand corrected
Again, thanks for making your hypocrisy evident
[This Pharmacy in Piraeus looks pretty cool]
Do you not feel like its the biggest waste of your time
Especially, when it doesn't have an expiration date
(I am asking since you are both from Finland and Russia
Cyprus' capital Nicosia is a much bigger difference though: English Nicosia vs
30 as of 2020
Cheers man :')
Greece is too far away from most of europe and sadly too insignificant financially to justify such an investment, especially for passenger trains
That sounds like something I wouldn't be a fan of either
The turks were in the Asian steppes when the ionians settled in Western anatolia
City at war
* With only a couple of minor exceptions, each letter makes only 1 sound and ***always*** makes that exact sound
but rainy, humid 5°C (or 30°C) sucks the life force out of you
Alcohol, grilling meat, the family table, the shouting, name days, feta, olives and oil, fairs, calling each other Malaka, desire to reclaim Constantinupole
From all the stupid shit the world has copied from the Americans, this is the stupidest shitest
Westside when we ride come equipped with game
This motherfucker literally said that we should renegotiate the Laussane Treaty almost 100 years later.
"Angela, I would like one day to fuck you on a penthouse
Unpopular opinion: Weapon instructors would go berserk over his trigger discipline
No hard feelings about WWII, we love you <3
Join the Eurozone
- Στο υπερπέραν (in the place that's very far away, usually also means a parallel universe)
I doubt that people think that bikes are for kids, at least where I live (southern suburbs of Athens) I have never heard that or something similar
If that's the case at least you know it, also if that's the case would it be rude if you asked them if they are done with the pen
Aren't you happy with what you are?
There were Bulgarians majorities and Greek majorities in different cities
And the rainfall thing is also not true, ppl could just check Wikipedia
And I don't mean the religion but the culture
What would you have him do exactly ?
Olympic games
Bye bye Brits
in this case it was literally Nazis though
Edit: u/stefanos916 reminded me that
I doubt that thus will leas to third world war
It misses a places that seems like Imelhange or something of the sort.
I don't disagree with your opinion, I disagree with the way you present it
Probably when I tried to intervene when an inspector was bullying an 18 year old boy for having forgotten his train card and I managed to annoy him enough and waste his time to give him a pass
Ah yes, after giving 75% of my income last year and about 110% (yes that's right) this year I feel the improvement all around.
Lmao, if you think not paying taxes creates a deficit of that scale and not bad financial decisions by the govt
Probably caused by Sultan Erdogan who would like to grab some islands or mess with Cyprus (we have a common defense dogma,meaning if one attacks Cyprus is like attacking Greece and vice versa), there is no other threat that i could imagine for Greece.
You probably know that Greek schools are lacking in many departments so it was just another thing that we didn't have
I think there was a skirmish with Bulgaria over a dog
The focus is on the Parthenon Marbles
And unless it's later at night, everything's just jam-packed
But it's still nothing compared to the money they steal from avoiding taxes worldwide
>Nowhere else in newly liberated Europe were Nazi sympathisers enabled  to penetrate the state structure – the army, security forces, judiciary  – so effectively
Greece struggles with Turkish aggressiveness on a daily basis
You haven't heard what your Minister of Finance said about the European South?
Same in Greece
i mean if a German were to tell me their father or grandfather carried out the mass killings in Crete i would get kinda aggressive as my grandfather barely got out alive and i loved him with all my heart
Germany and some other countries have received many immigrants, with Germany having about 1 million, but the twist here is that these countries naturally take only the educated ones and sometimes unattended kids
Mind blowing, I know
Finally a national score I can contribute to
I think they are hot
Congratulations
According to the video the academic and culture exchange goals of the program are just cover-up
The second is a real photo from Greek Football Cup Final 2017 (P.A.O.K vs A.E.K.) - hooligans fight before the match !
But I mean
The drying rack in the cabinet is pretty common in many homes in Greece too
Sun and vitamin D are really important
Spanish, because I'm in love with it and the grammar is unforgiving
Deaths from the heat rise a lot during the summer in Greece
Fascists and femboys wasn't a combination i expected to see today
I was just uncertain in the beginning,  because,  when I had a conversation with a guy and he told me that technically all people had a kind of philosophy
Eww why would you put meat
is that many of these EU figure-heads are very emotional people, not as "calculated" as you would assume for such high positions.
Been a while since i genuinely had a good laugh with a meme post on here, have my upvote cause this is too accurate
I am sure the situation with the monopolies holding the aging networks and charging big time for it, is similar for a lot you guys aswell
I checked, they got 15000 gun deaths on 2019 alone
I'm guessing the civil war after ww2, Cyprus in 1974, Korea in the 50s, what else
Hiding your facial characteristics is the purpose of a veil.
People living abroad tend to be more conservative, at least that's my experience with Greeks.
I despise my accent deeply but I probably will never do anything to fix it
Well that makes sense given the, unfortunately, rocky relations between our two countries
so pretty much everyone in the comments says they write α
People who say that about Chalkidiki have probably never visited Lefkada or Kefalonia imo
Of course, the Yugoslavian government (and the Soviets until their alliance with Yugoslavia was broken) supported them.
I've seen people being hurt by policemen and only on heated days like anniversaries or something.
Thanks bro
i can't think of a good time where i wouldn't die
Nothing of the sort in the UK as far as I recall, there's a huge lack of education regarding that
Absolutely, I've read somewhere that Frisian is actually the closest ancestor to modern English, which is itself a Germanic language in its core.
So every time I travel abroad I find the prices of water extreme
Thanks that️
Well spotted from superior Swede
EDIt : Also Attica is the most economically advanced region of Greece
Thanks
Μινημα
In Greece we do not renovate the roads but when we do we just patch some holes to become bigger in the next thunderstorm
Yeah, Pavlos Fyssas such a gentle soul that he was and with his noble contribution to the antifascist cause, is truly being missed
Still not locked
They still exist and are very popular too
Edit: [I'm a boomer when it comes to imgur I hope I've done this correctly]
Not to mention the difficulties that would arise in areas like government, economy, trade, communication in general etc
We don't really have any modern ones just random scary stories
I am from Greece btw
The only thing that I have heard is someone who was kinda shy (or ashamed)  of doing it
Maybe there is something on the tickets, or the ticket machine but I am not sure
depends on how windy it is for me
This is just one of those cases that need patience and careful planning IMO
And my comment still applies anyway haha, it could easily have been Scottish/Irish humour
Nothing un-democratic about that.
contentious as in "argumentative" or "controversial"?
Propably the cyclades Islands, the people are nice (mostly) the environment is pretty, the food is good
Germany is surrounded by EU countries and switzerland and spend 1% for defence budget
I prefer to drink real milk small farms
It was a good strategy until the 90s, but then the world filled with educated people who are looking for a job in their field while the quantity need of essential workers is bigger than the degree jobs
Most of the expansion, after the initial state had formed, came after the Balkan Wars, that's when Crete became Greek again too
It is hard to kill yourself when you have La Liga games all around you.
Thank you also for having a beautiful country
It's important that the majority of French understand the National Front is a danger to democracy, but it's worrying that the response of a vocal minority is: "Good!"
i used it to learn a bit of dutch & french
to be honest the only thing I loved about Manhattan
( I am interested)
And in northern Greece
Same here, most greek popular music nowadays only exists to be made fun of
r/trees are happy with Sweden
• "Giorgos is here" would be "**Ο Γιώργος** είναι εδώ" (Nominative)
Ok so, first of all
Financial dire straits have historically been the pedestal of populism, xenophobia and in many cases fascism.
It's sad you can't see the irony
Look at your country first, then talk about others.
That's great news
Does he know that the "girl" is actually a man
My point is if there is no way for the CHP to stand alone and beat the AKP then that means that there is no liberal sentiment in Turkey.
This city, which was almost invented out of other cities most certainly has a place for everyone
It's used where I live, but I don't know if it's used all over Greece
I haven't looked at Greek though
I believe it for Poland, but Austria
Santorini and Mykonos
m)  maisonette for 250k euros with 0 bedrooms though or an apartment 180 **m²** (sq
I can say that without the afternoon classes and private tutoring I would have had to take the exams a second time around
But often it's only for some key courses and you're meant to find a paid tutor for the rest
There are efforts
Source: [Wikipedia]
I have spotted a couple of restaurants in Istanbul through the net, where I specificaly wish to go to experience their culinary delight
The problem is not that they want to monopolize the name Macedonia even though the Macedonian region stretches far beyond their borders.
If who he is is so central to the story that it needs to be in the headline then you can use something related to the issue at hand, like *his name*, instead of his views on unrelated topics like homosexuality legislation, fiscal policy or fast-food take-out.
Haven't seen him since like summer but anyway.
The city is bipolar : it has beautiful parts that are amazing to walk, chat, see, do stuff, and parts that look like an abandoned dangerous industrial zone with shady personalities lurking in the corners (although nothing has even happened to me)
Every year the mine gets larger and swallows up more and more villages
Mercer, his daughter to be precise, is the top investor in Cambridge Analytica.
Ehm no
I am not belittling it
That is one of the most stupid things I've read on reddit.
A) It is the actual name of the region, it has always been Thrace, unlike North Macedonia which has not always been considered Macedonia, certainly not in ancient times, b) Thracians have long been assimilated (as slavs, Turks or Greeks), there is no one left to claim the name, c) we do not claim to be the heirs of the ancient Thracians, d) neither Bulgaria nor Turkey is any more or any less entitled to that name than we are, all three have the same right to use it because the Thracians no longer exist, which cannot be said about the Greek Macedonians
You are right about the other thing, not necessarily young, but most often than not they are (at least here)
The meaning is more historic than religious
Because of his inability to speak English properly even at a basic level he has become a laughing stock among the people
It smells like death but it tastes soooo good esp after adding a special vinegar/garlic sauce.
Jupiter = Δίας (Dias, another name for Zeus)
Ay high five
One dead man wont change that fact
It was not humour
In a series back in maybe 2006, there was a talk about marriage, with the woman said there might be a problem with her side of her family.
of a parliamentary republic
The man was taken into custody where a trial date was set by the court after his photographs were seized.
It's αδερφή (sister) and αδερφός (brother) even today, not just in old Greek ;)
We've got it pretty bad, our best scenario I guess would be Bulgaria, but you know
lol
It has a photo of the person who owns the ID,  their name, their last name,  the first and last names of their parents,  date of birth,  place of birth,  the municipal that they live,  it also has height but it's empty in my ID
This is the average caloric availability per person in each country in the years 2011 and 2000 (dark and light blue bars respectively)
If you were to move your country's capital, which city would you choose
I know, but as we all know Hitler had weird racial theories and he used them accordingly, so according to Hitler and Pavelic the Croats were not of Slavic descent but of Gothic (Germanic)
Not all adopted the change though, countries like UK and Turkey still use the original name
Both sound way worse if you're greek
CKII: I often play as Byzantine Emperor restoring the empire, or some local lord in Greece restoring Hellenism
Corfu= Kerkyra
I'm not sure about the rest of the Ionian islands though because the British had already conquered some of them
But since we are playing with words, democracy itself is not even about elections: in ancient athens almost all officials were chosen by lot, not elections.
If you are only saying this because of this post (i hope you don't) let me say that quantity =/= quality
Can someone explain how is this even possible
Originally , we reacted incredibly fast, cause we saw what was going on with our neighbor Italy and since it was so close to us and the government knew that our healthcare system wasn't in not way build to support a massive influx of patients and cases they shut the country down incredibly quick
Everyone had em
Of course not all sources can be trusted.
For what it's worth, the US has very few laws controlling what journalists can do
Left wing is bad
>Spain and Greece just fry everything
I have been called an Albanian by like 5 different Serb users.
also you have to clarify that Ξ makes a X sound
Poor thing, she's "special"
Well, there are many Albanians in Greece so relations are better than you imagine.
I know bro
These are important skills that will set you up for life
i think the other far-right leaders are not the in the same league though.
Is that before or after a trip to Austria, Czechia and Poland
Based on what I read 37% of Greeks are smokers
I surely can change this but I like it this way.
But as I said I really like them all
I don't have a problem watching the parade on the TV
Catacomb (Κατακόμβη) - The term catacomb is derived from the greek *κατά* and the latin *cuba* which is a loan from the greek *κύμβη* which means *tumulus*.
- Στου διαόλου τη μάνα (at the devil's mom)
Ioannis -> Giannis
Similar ideas were always around apparently
Being kind to foreigners
Yeah he buffed the greek tanks and removed curses..
And I'm jealous too of your cousin's, I thought I was lucky to speak 2 languages fluently but I just got outclassed lol
It's good
Not all adopted the change though, countries like UK and Turkey still use the original name
I guess we're stuck with lignite, though I hope we could get some advice from some other quake-ridden country like Japan on how to build safe nuclear plants.
[Here] you can see how it's looks .
Deltsev is not a well known personality in modern Greece, not sure why he was mentioned
Most of them are based tbh
- The brother of my grandmother was a communist guerrilla and the government, during the civil war and for few years more,  had him on a wanted list for execution
your organisation, structure and efficiency matter
Did you just seriously circle the muslim parts?
We have a very capable police force
I can't stress this enough; I LOVE this language
-Sophia
These people are psychopaths
but  like there
Stuttgart was exactly like this
Pretty much everyone has it, and it's been like that for a long time, way before the "hipster" wave
There is variation for higher and lower classes but the 44% is an average
Come on, everyone on earth knows that Germany doesn't have any important military power, or that it uses it or it intends to do it.
Compared to other places they aren't
I actually ask my neighbors to receive a package for me ,so yeah I find it so weird .
I think that pastitsio and musaka( even though I don't like musaka) are some popular (here) Greek examples also I guess some deserts are rice pudding (rizogalo) , kormos etc
I was just giving an example for the shake of argument.
I think you are right and for some reason 3% of people voted him , even if he lied about having letters of Jesus and then he took it back , but the video that he said it still existed, that was clearly dishonesty . His followers are literally delusional
Chaos from the crowd
No I agree
his Finnish name sounds like an F1 driver
Trump does not come from a family of overt violent racists.
They ded
Jokes aside lidl is quite popular here and these jokes have actually died down quite a bit, because their products are actually much better than they used to be
Pente(5)
I'm no epidemiologist but hasn't the second wave already hit us in the face with a hammer with thorns
Even today you get some fascist or closeted fascist  politicians whose fathers happened to be the traitors who were prominent supporters of the military junta (1967-1974) and their grandfathers happened to be the traitors who collaborated with the nazis
What I write here is for the scope of the article posted here.
13 déka-tria
Really weird
The thing is you can't really close the borders between Turkey and Greece and all these ( maybe ) refugees will be stuck in Greece.
Socrates, Plato and Aristotle for their work
As of living in the balkan states (Greece) Its disappointing to see people not care about this iwth the excuse of "The world has better things to care about" Guys, Turkey has been doing this for years
Greece - The guy who has been in the corner since always, but no one knows what exactly his job is
They were meant to make us feel better by being worse off than us, not show us the way to get better!
It looks awesome
They were not Serbs nor Croats before becoming muslim.
I dont know whats most corrupt , making money over military equipment and risk the sovereignty of your country or sleep with  gold bars
Only this time we didn't let things go far
Wow that's a very well written and wholesome answer
We don't. Personally, I just die inside and let my body go into autopilot
07% together
Greek feta has entered the chat
Cons: prosperity, lack ofdevelopment, stagnant mentality, day-to-day racism
I expected it to be a relatively small town as I had never heard of it before
I remember her she was totally confused and hated he was short
Same here
The term Iron curtain is not widely known in Greece, we use eastern bloc more.
oh well
The game takes place right after ww2 and its a really sad game because the kid keeps getting called nazi and bullied because of his origins
Is there any other way to boil an egg
Was that really how Sparta was formed
I hope you can visit again and actually enjoy the vacation(and the beaches)
γγ γκ
So you can hear stuff like "Say me, what happened yesterday"
Wanna pay our debts instead of germany?
Like 2, one in Germany and one in the UK
The tools used were seven scrapers, one chisel and a piece of carborundum stone
Taking religions seriously just takes us back to the dark ages
Really
I'm not aware how it works for other orthodox Christian churches, but for the Greek orthodox church, our equivalent is Saint Basil/Άγιος Βασίλης, that lives on Caesarea of Cappadocia, in Asia Minor (modern day Turkey)
Cause they invented your alphabet based on the Greek one
The Coronoavirus is for the dick
If I was PM I would change the flag in a minute
Crete, I guess
Most definitely
Point of view, travel to Dodekanisa(apart from Rhodes) or the Ionian Sea, or my favorite, Crete
Most things that breath inside the Greek parliament are jokes
Courgettes (or zucchini, etc) tambourine - a classic
The Dutch: lmao
Brussels=  Vrixelles
Empathy in english means to understand and share the feelings of another person
Fucking chad
Great map / graphic but I have a hard time disquinshing the colors in the map.
Best part, this professor in my uni had two students from Cameroon once and I'm the first class asked them: " are you more comfortable with English or French
That was the point of my comment, you can pinpoint native speakers by their "would of"s.
It's ok, the US will import all of it
People are quick to forget the awfulness of terror groups in Greece,while putting forth a boogieman of neonazis
So most people prefer to keep living with their parents, spending a few hundred for entertainment while saving the rest
Spain you win
Bro I'm a communist I'm as far from a nationalism as it gets
Maybe you should check it
Also are also Swiss German generally the same or there important differences between every canton's local dialect ?
Feel free to pm me or post in /r/Greece if you have questions about a specific place :)
I am not sure if this counts as a child story though
I really wish someone would start a "serious" conversation with people such as her, and ask why they carry it as a pet.
I wonder if they do it on purpose to trigger Belgians
I remember her she was totally confused and hated he was short
p much all of them
Forever
I think that I know almost all US states and I can point some of them at the map
I write people in my papars and I don't care
PS: Not stupid names, just literal
First of all, that's quite a leap
Damn, Mexico is gonna be in so much debt
Definatly russian because of the many russian tourists
Therefore that means that the certain party isn't about race, but being anti-EU, anti-muslim etc.
Well, it doesn’t work that way
Yeah I know exactly what you mean
In Greece we have a system we call the "panhellenics" Where students write exams and try to reach the points each university/school/academy requires for you to get in
One friend went there and he was at the airport with the bomb back then and had to come back.
Thus the traditional social democrats split and downfall.
I can't stress this enough, if you're planning on visiting Greece, focus on the north
If you have any more questions, just ask :)
It has become more popular here due to the crisis, but it remains mostly a rural thing, rarely seen in the cities
I remember reading somewhere that the word "Illyrians" was attributed to the people of modern day Albania, Croatia, FYROM and Serbia, who were linguistically Latinized by the Romans.
What will you say when Italy or some other country collapses and EU does nothing to fix it
BONUS: you can say "I fuck your
That's like begging to get robbed
If you have or wish to have a good education, or/and you want to work and you have a family to take care of, shows you're a grounded individual with hopes and fears like everyone else
Americans from what I've encountered don't have patience and Greeks are almost always late
I 'm not sure the USA is a multicultural state.
If that makes sense
I'm not an expert on the matter, but I know that there are various kinds of cold coffee - most are hot brewed and then served with ice, whereas there is also cold brewed coffee
Fox News is simply a joke
upvotes from the oceanfloor
School ends at 14:05
I guess most people who replied like that had migrants from other Balkan countries.
Καταλαβαίνω τη δύσκολη θέση σου, συνέχισε να πετάς την μπάλα στην κερκίδα με τη 17 Νοέμβρη την οποία κανένας δεν υπερασπιστηκε σε ένα ποστ που αφορά τους νεοναζί τους οποίους εσύ ήρθες εδώ να ξεπλύνεις με πάθος. Απλούστατα δεν θα σου κάνω τη χάρη να μιλήσω για αυτό που εσύ μου υποδεικνύεις επειδή δεν θες να μας πεις ανοιχτά ότι γουστάρεις Κασιδιάρη και το πας γύρω γύρω ότι και καλά σε πονουν βαθιά οι Αξαρλιαν και τα θύματα της Μαρφιν.
Oh yeah, I was never that person myself
Uk: WHY ARE YOU LIKE THIS
I think it's good , what Europe does
It would be awesome
Turkey is built on Greek, Armenian and Kurdish lands.
If anything, we should despise them
I'm so sorry I wasn't thinking".
Really
Ok I may have said it in a wrong way but you get my point, it is still unfair
The most Venetian of Greek towns: Corfu
When I had been studying in Chania, students from Athens were coming and they were getting dizzy by the oxygen
Also Christ and his mother, malaka, etc
Thankfully, people voted the actual nationalists
I live in southern suburbs of Athens
Anything below 25-20°C, anything higher it's avg greek weather
I'm not condemning said attitude but the departure from it.
Personally I do not smoke because I do not like it and as someone else said   it is very widely regarded as unhealthy and stinky .
There are very few exceptions
i know quite a few people who have smoked
He didn't exactly sold it , because he made them sign that they have nothing to do with Alexander the great and the ancient history of Macedonia
I think yes
- Crete: Another great olive oil producing island, home to one of the most famous local cuisines (Cretan)
>so similar
I feel like I often get confused about which phrases make sense in English and which in Greek, sometimes saying a string of words that has absolutely no meaning in Greek
Congrats guys
If anyone needs more info, google about the Noor-1 case
Banning Christmas even for a single school is enough.You don't need to ban Christmas as a whole so people would notice what the hell is going on with the turkish government.
Yeah, it kinda is still and while i understand where it stems from it's a bit too much
Why not
Article 1 [Parliamentary Democracy]
I hope you can visit again and actually enjoy the vacation(and the beaches)
The tools used were seven scrapers, one chisel and a piece of carborundum stone
KKE (communist party): The oldest party in Greece
And unless it's later at night, everything's just jam-packed
If I remember correctly, the target required for the 2017 primary surplus is 1.5%(it's at 1.8% in the budget voted
Erdogan also said yesterday: "We will not be prisoners of 780,000 square kilometres" (the current area of Turkey).
*Something* breaks-> *something* is from lidl
I'm fairly certain I haven't seen any comments from Greeks because no one knows where to start from, the amount of stuff that's wrong with our education system is overwhelmingly high
Dimitrios Ioannidis
Call the cops
In fact, it's obvious that both words zeal and jealousy have their root origins from ζήλος.
I dont like olives either
Btw Cyprus and Kosovo are 2 different cases
When we were setting up my desk, I requested a qwerty keyboard
No it's a cig, in Greece majority of people roll up their cigarettes
Cyrillic
I have personally met many people who have multiple first names specifically to please multiple grandparents
Every time your president says something awkward, stupid or outrageous
(Kalamaki means small cane cause the sticks are made from cane and Souvlaki is a small souvla)
France, UK
A Greek that doesn't like souvlaki, dislikes feta, constant sunny weather and high temperatures all the time ?
Well in North Greece and most islands people call [this] a Souvlaki and [this] a sandwich
Purchasing tanks without ammo is not that crazy.
I guess I didn't pay attention to it when I was like 5 or 6 and maybe they didn't mention it
You know the rest
"What did he/she say
I like milk more than beer or wine
I asked; what style should i use to list my sources
Same with mageirítsa on easter, and don't even get me started on the smelliness of feta
The same is true for the people I interact
If I would like to get closer in a sexual way to a girl I would offer her shoulder or even foot massage.
Imagine how much food is wasted worldwide
Basically, Germany is governed like South Korea, by the big companies which are also corrupt as Φuck
It is considered kinda affordable, there are cheap stuff and stuff hat are more expensive, but the quality of it's products is regarded as good
It is not uncommon to eat
just look at the delayed ferries haha
Or a usual suspect when thinking of big word back when i was a kid
When I was I School we had two types of mandatory literature, which I think they still have
It's being arranged as we speak
Oh, that stupid name dispute once again.
Try making it at home, if you're not given the choice elsewhere
-shipping (Port of Pireaus is like one of the largest in Europe)
Eeerie silence in parks and trains
Greece has plenty of material for this, hundreds of little islands in the middle of the sea count
Many boomers can't adapt to their reduced income, they're used to having a good economy
I wouldn't say disappointed, there are still many attrcations and beautiful places there
And fucking Jeremy fucking Corby fucking abstained from the fucking vote!!
And the federal government would laugh.
I should have specified it better: there's no reason to delve into** and post** about other redditors' posting history.
Calling someone a Chinky doesn't make you a fascist automatically.
There is a reason there are so few of them
Admitting that you occupied the island because you wanted it and saying that we're lucky that you didn't occupy all of it shows exactly that you don't give a shit about the Turkish Cypriots, you just wanted the island and you're a hypocrite for bashing Greece about the same thing while hiding from your country's real motives and that's why every other country in the world is considering Turkey to be the aggressor and occupier
And hey, if the dude wanted to close the shop, well that's his bad
I always wonder why Serbia never tries to be more friendly with her neighbors
I think urbanization is a global phenomenon but it's also the case for Greece, where young people and in general people move from small cities to the urban centers like Athens or Thessaloniki
Its not quite right, probably trying to imitate something to make it more fun.
I'm obviously being sarcastic, but seriously now, how much sterilisation is too much?
I dated a person from Finland for two years
They might give you cancer
I don't have a problem watching the parade on the TV
Fear is a mechanism that Protect us and we should listen to it
> Internationally, it is not prohibited to declare independence unilaterally, but states have the right to protect their territorial integrity
It's a sad situation, but better than the alternative.
I think that they show it every year before Christmas,  so in a way yes
Tbh I haven't heard a Greek lgbt person advocating for 3 year old trans kids, even many americans pro-lgbt disagree with it online
Athens
As a maniot I'm triggered by this comment.
In Greece it starts with the prime minister refusing the free entrance of Italian troupes through mainland with the expression "Well, then I think we have a war" (before that we just learn about the beginning of the war and how Greece tried not to get involved at first)
The credit is not to be given only to the Greeks here, since the Brits, New Zealanders and Australians helped *A LOT* during the German attack of Greece
I think in my country not so good
Mind the gap please
I came here to say "world".
i mean if we believe the western media till a week ago russia has bombed 21 hospitals in aleppo only..
BUT, the rest of Greece, except Athens Metro Area, is making fun of Athens, just because it's Athens
> where the cheap  blah blah
It's perfect :')
&#x200B;
Its unbearable
Here's a few that pop on my mind:
>Identified by whom as English though
Your comment shows a complete lack of knowledge to the current greek situation.
Έχεις δίκιο. Συνειδητοποίησα τώρα ότι το Ηράκλειο πχ στα Αγγλικά είναι Heraklion
I left my food on my plate to upvote this
Never even thought about it until now
I don't remember such detail but I notice that Greek accents sounds closer to American.
Well technically he didn't conquer China, just parts of it
Yeah I agree
Oh no, does that mean that I wouldn't have the pleasure of a cold coffee in Portugal as well
Country, region, city, town, village
Maybe the person gathering the information asked how much we liked **German** Finance Minister Schäuble and not Germany as a whole.
Germany is surrounded by EU countries and switzerland and spend 1% for defence budget
I added a clarification and I left the initial text
Deka(10)
I got my second dose a few days ago and on my vaccination certificate it says:
Whatever happens during pre-election period it is not to change the vote of those who have already decided.
I know, it would be great but Greece doesn't seem to be the center of attention when it comes to investments, nor do we have a state that favours them (bureaucracy etc
Dude, Roma or Romani not Rome (the city).
In Greece we have plenty of women named Artemis, it's a dope name
We have the same in Greece, it's called "Have-a-bite Thursday"! We have big barbecues instead of eating sweets and eat a ton of meat
Everyone believed that back in the day.
Yeah, the venetians suck big time :p
They saw only the fat paychecks, the increase in wages and in public spending
[And this] is my take on the different football cultures in Europe
For me, as I studied computer science, there is a lot of work in my field
Ρωμιοσύνη, Ρωμιοί, Ρωμιός, Ρωμιά in the Greek language means ethnic Greek that follows the Greek Orthodox Faith
That stereotype doesn't really exist on Greece
But stupid crap have a right to be expressed as well, as long as they don't cross a (hazy, culture-dependent, hotly debated) line.
It can indeed get crazy in places.
Vikings were braver than I thought.
In Greece fans get violent over Basketball, Volleyball, Handball and Waterpolo too
Don't wanna be that guy, but Monastir actually comes from Greek originally
Best wishes guys,hope you'll get rid of this dictatorship
Way more than often
But after posting I noticed I forgot to add an evil eye charm hanging from somewhere
Even the crazy far right nationalists don't talk about it with much seriousness
Μέγας Αλέξανδρος (Alexander the Great) - He conquered countries all the way to India before dying at 33 of an unknown disease
Civil war, Economic Crisis & the 2015-2019 government are considered Taboo here instead
I want full insurance
Of course not
Just printed but the art teacher tried to teach us some cursive in junior high
And that’s what makes it so frightening
In capitalism you have economic crisis all the time
Nobody likes people getting wasted on alcohol
Surprisingly though, the biggest problem when someone tries to speak BE (again as a non native) is not picking up the accent, but distinguishing the words and expressions that are common in BE
Μεινιμα
It's about time we switched from being stuck in the 1950s, but it is bold to assume that our gov couldn't screw it up somehow
Many known persons consume antibiotics like pasatempos for the simplest cold/flu.
biggish for Greece, city here
One of then whom I use started out at 28 euro per month, with no contract, toy can stop any month you want for 100mbit up/down upgrades to 200 if you sign a contract for 2 years no extra charge
They committed many atrocities, and unfortunately many were left untouched post war a
poor malta
400 years of oppression, suppression of language and religion, as well as a constant reminder of the utter humiliation that was the fall of Byzantium for Greeks is an indicator of how much we wanted to get rid of them from our land
Another important ingredient is to share with passerbys :)
That said, I'm glad that it was a pleasant experience for you :)
That's more of a village than a city but its natural beauty stands out a lot
The fact that Michael Flynn, Trump's soon to be secretary of defence, does business with Erdogan, does not give me much hope.
To have shame about something you need to know about it
It will be a myth that will last for generations
Apart from some migrant camps and political instability we don't see the image of a starving child as much
We aren't that independent here from a young age :(
filotimo neutral singular
we've already shot down a few and no wars yet ;-) [link] [2]
I have never heard of that song either
Nobody forced us into a crisis , Europe could do more to help us that is true but we also have some national issues to take care as well...
I would say that Lidl is the no1 meme in Greece for the last few years
If it is like belgium, he is being protected by the local muslim community.
ISIS controls almost half of Libya, in my scenario it would only take back the land ISIS is occupying and put it to good use.
What, depth
Let us not pretend that there is anyone at fault for the situation in Greece except for Greece
Switzerland
brought to life and spirit free,
I like all three but I am not multilingual so probably not Switzerland, and Germany has a very foreign culture to us, at least compared to the other two, so probably Austria
It doesn't take more than few far right hotheads to start stirring things up.
I want to get the Challenger K2 for the Summer and wanted to know how sturdy it was.
Never even heard of it, NEVER
Same as pasta with ketchup is cheap food that makes you not hungry.
This is man made and naturally created at the same time
I think discrimination against Albanians is quickly becoming less and less common.
How fitting
~Elon musk wants to know your location~
I'd like to thank Bulgaria for letting bygones be bygones and moving on
Here she is also teaching English,  but I don't remember her nationality/ethnicity
We say "Παπάκι" (Papaki) which literally means duckling
Just making a joke
Not just the elderly
The 6th of January in Greece is called Θεοφάνεια (= divine revelation)
Or map of every central european city, because I can't think of any mediterranean city that actually is like this
“Yet another victory for atheism,” he said, looking at his family members who were stricken with faces of horror
This requires money for policy and hiring, but the EU tends to advice "no invest, only cut", not allowing such things to happen even under foreign observation
Good luck
There also need to be at least 1 stray dog
Άραγε (ˈaɾaʝe) is used when you're wondering about sth
[Scylla]
BTW I like your username
Rotting Christ \m/
Ah yes, the great race wars between the potato people and the tomato people
Sorry, i was carried away
Well it's around 30-35°C every day, I live 5 minutes from the sea and I have a/c so it's ok
But there is a saying in Greece "Σαν την Χαλκιδική δεν έχει" ( Nowhere better than Chalkidiki ).
>Although particularly associated with the Romans, aqueducts were likely first used by the Minoans around 2000 BCE
I just realized that all these technologies (toxic chemicals, flamethrowers, planes, tanks, machine guns, etc) were relatively recent when WW1 broke out
Well some people are not interested by specific cultures, it's like not being interested in a particular book.
Surely it would have been a much better solution to allow the candidates to run for office, showing the people how "democratic " it is for listening to the people rather than repressing them
every time i hear about "heart attacks" on high level diplomats i always bring into my mind this
Or the moon, we always use the medieval Greek feggari but when someone uses the ancient Greek Selini we know exactly what he's talking about and don't look at him like he's some weird intellectual
Nowhere in my comment i said anything black and white.
- βλέπω τα ραδίκια ανάποδα (to see the radishes upside down)
>  Sweden
This refugee crisis kicks up the second the war in Syria started.
NATO wouldn't react unless someone attacked Turkey.
Eventually one day Mother Nature will wash it all away
Ask the Turks and Venetians
E.g suppose someone's name is Giorgos
Although the desk had something underneath it where you could put books and many students (especially those who didn't care about studying) just left them under there for the whole season
I find this more useful to be honest in every day speech
It is only there to make people think that something is being done and that it is enough
(I remember this from a documentary but I did notice that every plane I boarded had had those in the last 2-4 years so they do keep up with technology
Ποιο μάτι φθονερό
Warm: 31°C-34°C
Jesus made the 3 day rule
Nice
The people who started the trouble in the protest have or will be apprehended
Yeah
So when I tried to access my account from my desk, I couldn't get in
I love how the OP _kinda_ tried to list the countries in alphabetical order in the title, and then just said "fuck it"...
In Thessaloniki for the same dish they say (pita) gyros
" Ummmm
Or do you want more US military interventions in our vicinity which has caused us so many issues we have to deal with
I really admire Germans for that.
Was it staged
If an italian were to tell me their grandfather fought us in ww2 i would maybe tease them a bit but that's all
5°C
Spanish mesa (table) means indoors/inside in Greek
I see
From the top of my head, that is
You do not need to be a nuclear scientist to see that
Science is not a religion, you don't "believe" in science.
Oof, what kind of fish you've been eating fam :P
We have some crazy stories about alien origins that I am too ashamed to even joke about
Culturally
Indeed brat
I say we deport him to the Philippines.
The problem with the current order is that we are almost ignoring the problems that Bannon talks about.
Also a mountainous, snowy smell for Northern Greece
Mythos means myth, zythos beer
(Or i guess Albania or Bulgaria) which is kinda already happening
Also, Cyrillic is as different with Greek alphabet as Latin
I am not pretentious at all at what I said, and I am not your co-worker man
Don't believe everyone that says, "eat this, it came from my village".
Great movie, but has many inaccuracies/lies, as reported by many of the people featured in the book
9 εννέα (ennea)
As if this is the only '"rewriting" in the history of history (pun intended)
8 days till the end of 2020
I saw a couple of them when I visited
I do not excuse voting radicals because they put money in your pocket
Since when is Islam similar to Christianity
And the rest of the colonels as well: Markezinis, Ioannidis, and Patakos
Yeah basically
It is pretty fascinating that some fashion trends just never go away I suppose.
Reminds me of the far-right party back in my country
I'd say around 7, but we also carry, however, some notebooks and miscellaneous stuff like phone and keys
The trireme's watertightness depended on the woods ability to expand when soaked thus sealing the hull.
EDIT : Also orthodox church was AGAINST the revolution for the Greek independence
so, you shouldn't be sorry :)
Well yeah true not sure why I said we do it *often", but wdym we can't? Μπορείς να πεις καρεκλοποδαροβρωμοκαλτσομαλακας (ότι μου ερχόταν στο μυαλό τώρα), αυτό δεν είναι που κάνουν και στα γερμανικά;
Why not have Southern Italy come to Greece?
I am not talking about saving the planet
A trial for the junta members was held in 1975, it was like the Greek version of the Nuremberg trial
Surprised with putting us so low
They 'll say anything to deny the fact that trump might have won beacause of banal reasons such as economy.
Thanks
Tbh, that's not a heatwave, that's rookie temperatures
Iii) There was a trial on him and he was swearing all the time, so the judge tells him "You're 50 years old and you're swearing such, why don't you behave like your age
You either think they should have equal rights or not.
There has *never* been a situation where Greek aircrafts violated Turkish airspace and Turkish aircrafts escorted the Greek ones back to Greece.
There are many reasons of Greece's problems and one of them it's Greeks themselves and I'm the first to say this.
The measures forced on Greece make combatting corruption harder, for various reasons, not easier, especially the corruption of the really rich and guilty
Heyyyy, a Southern European who agrees with me
A couple years ago, when we had a center-left wing government they tried to remove it but most of the people lost their mind, thus nothing changed
When it comes to nationalism, and even patriotism to an extent, I want nothing to do with it
And a cool one to balance it:
Total BS
I thought it was a practice pursued by the industry for the sake of better visual appearance of eggs
Good Internet connection
There is no proof about how we pronounce ancient Greek but there are some assumptions that are more valid than others.
Many Greek words have been borrowed in English, so it's more difficult to find words that don't have a 1:1 translation
If Greece leaves, then it has to fail big time.
Gardener: jakxhewlwjbzlwje the grass
That's almost daily
But it makes sense because of negative effects of lignite
Nope, we did not
If you pay enough attention in school you can make some out
You just have to understand that different cuisines have different approaches
I'm pretty sure that it's the only one in the city i live that has lockers
Damn, i deserve some self-flaggelation
wrong universe
Zuidererzee
This doesn't surprise me, what surprises me is that he refuses to recant.
I have seriously been thinking of moving to Germany, and even though I know the younger generation is nothing like what the Germany of 1940 was, I still find the thought of facing the older people’s racist ideologies scary
Germans have earned a lot of trust with other countries over the years
Most kids hate it because we have more hours of ancient Greek than physics for example
Cozy little places, with better food than tavernas, most of the time and "grandma" cooking recipes
The market is mainly psychology and if its shaken, it can take a long time to recover.
I don't know about pickpocketing but do me a favour, google crime rate by country in the EU
It comes from the roots σκιά ( which means "shade, shadow”) & ουρά (which means “tail”)
The Czech Republic
The milk that isn't low fat or skim milk is called whole milk
ή (í), which means "or"
Can't say for other countries, but yes, in Greece this is the stereotype of the English
Even people who vote Wilders, Le Pen, etc.
θα γίνει της πουτάνας (?it'll be(come) the whore's?) - when shit's about to go down
It's a somewhat "new tradition" that we eat turkey the night of the new year's eve (not practiced by all households).
My mental note for this:
In Greece there was "Κόμμα Ελλήνων Κυνηγών" = Party of Greek Hunters (Nature-Hunting-Fishing-Tradition) for the last 25 years . Mostly represented the rights of hunters and fishermen . At European Parliament Elections at 2014 took \~57000 votes (1%) ,  but didn't take part at any following elections .
In [Vouliagmeni] a 140  **m²** (sq
Also
I want to deeply apologise that the replies to your comment ended up this way
history
We need to say bad stuff for Trump to feel good about ourselves!
It is about how much less population the so called flyover country has.
is not a country
Alexander the Great was Greek fam
Too strong beverage
In some places and in some tavernas in Greece they serve quails, partridge and guinea fowl/hen
The programme is there to make Greece stand on its own feet, grow and eventually be able to service the debt on its own.
What a horrible place
Brace yourselves Bulgarians I am coming next month
He didn't have a single defeat, even in the minor Asia war where Greece lost, his team was undefeated and when he learned that everything was lost, he run to Izmir and personally organized the evacuation
My accent is fine, everyone I've met understands it
Soros may be evil and ruthless but you can't blame him for random things your neo-fascist ass doesn't like
Zorbas's syrtaki
[Only thing missing is a cane]
Συγνώμη φίλε αλλά δεν καταλαβαίνω τι έγραψες, μάλλον η Google δεν έκανε καλή δουλειά στη μετάφραση.
I believe I would understand around 70% of cypriot Greek perhaps more if they spoke slowly
In Greece the last part of a surname is what matters
Period
1 ένα (ena)
100€: two synthetic pants, six pairs of socks, a pair of running shoes, two boxer shorts and three t-shirts
Something I've always found rather perplexing is that often the commute exhausts me more than actual work
*Lets see:*
You see it in catwalks and fashion shows all the time.
(coup d'etat)
I always felt he had dreams and ambitions and had he lived our country would have been very different
Dude I mean the Bulgarians in general
I won't claim that I have knowledge on the subject but how do we know that they had not advanced as the people around the Mediterranean and the Middle East did even a bit later than them.
or is he too "socialist" for your taste my friend
X-Men: Turkish Seismic Revenge!
Peter)
The gap between women and men is way too big
Greece-Russia-Serbia We need to create an alliance and remove kebab.
So because we tried to reign in the the state tv and state news agency
1453 worst year of my life
Μηπως μας κανανε και στους 2 λαους πειραματα με lsd τη δεκαετια του 50;
The article is so spot on it moved to Asia and got a title written like an Asian learning English for the first time...
Other than this misery, the major difference in Greece between 1919 and 2019 is the population
Of the federalization, not everyone's.
I remember the same panic on the other side of the pond when Trump passed that law that would (reportedly) killed net neutrality
We don't talk much about the medieval history unless Byzantium is involved, we dot he schism, crusader and then the discovery of the Americas and the natives
The dialects of Crete are considered very masculine and it's very sexy for a man to speak it, but not for a woman
no but we do some presentations as kids about diffrent customs and traditions around the country, for example when it's christmas we will each do a presentation about the diffrences in Christmas where we're from, at least that's what we do here in Attica where most of the population is
[Graecus- greek]
Against: Greece has a different alphabet, not the latin one
Imagine knowing 5% of the story and expressing an opinion
Pretty hardcore stuff
I'd say that number is about right for us
union of states/countries belonging to a "Communist Soviet" translated as "Communist Council". Being democratic or not has nothing to do with it
Either that bridge is shrinking or firemen are getting taller.
Do one with the Greek genocides too
i mean if a German were to tell me their father or grandfather carried out the mass killings in Crete i would get kinda aggressive as my grandfather barely got out alive and i loved him with all my heart
It’s the sound in this [video]
Most mountains have small villages built on them
It was automatically removed, no mod removed it
Apocalypse hasn't happened yet.
It's the North Macedonians who have am entirely different story
In most of the cases, something will definitely be left uneaten
This year though it doesn't feel like easter at all
The ban afaik mentions women only, because Athos is dedicated to Virgin Mary, which is where it gets its nickname, "Garden of Virgin Mary". In one incident, even Katherine the Great of Russia was denied entry by the monks because of that
"I'm just trying to drink my fucking frappe in peace you assholes"
Greece
Or a free/cheap fleet of them just going around taking citizens to their jobs etc.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has taken the initiative to help Greece enter the European Central Banks’ quantitative easing (QE) program
A Greek that doesn't like souvlaki, dislikes feta, constant sunny weather and high temperatures all the time ?
Άγγλος στα ραντεβού του/Ágglos sta rantevoú tou: Punctual as an Englishman
You aren't in western/southern Europe though :)
BTW That's just my impression some of these things might be inaccurate
We have the best insults, don't we folks?
After a Google search I found out that we also have
Try to pick the spring semester though ;)
Una faccia una razza
As a half Cypriot who saw his grandparents lose almost everything mere decades ago this disturbs me
It has monetary value
We are so different but we are still the same
ΠΑΣΟΚ
We read the Classics, like Homer, Sophocles, Euripides both in Ancient and Modern Greek
Well, Erdogan said he will provide Greece with help for Friday's earthquake that hit Samos (Greek island off the Turkish coast) and Smyrni
Same for /r/AmItheAsshole etc
Instead of going for an election after the coalition broke, he went with another coalition
Greece is, in fact, younger than the United States
I will say this and hopefully nobody takes offense as I'm sure it goes the other way round
I don't think the new 1080ti would be able to handle such a feat!
- 10^18 = pentakisekatommýrio (Five times 10^(6))
It was about ten years ago though
When I was in high school we went to Venice for a school trip
"I'm eating kids"
From Brexit to Scotlin
". It's gender neutral
Epicureans, Stoics, Pythagoreans, Neoplatonists etc
I think he is even worse than Erdogan regarding Greece
Yep
Athens is a lot more hectic and busy (My family is from a Greek island)
Above all, that's also extremely disrespectful.
Wow, now I can actually understand why the alt-right is on the rise.
These are just a few of the possible of combinations and you would read them all the same, the question usually have a combination of υ η and I since the correct spelling is the last one (if you notice autocorrect picked that one and filled the acute on η)
From personal experience Germans are stereotyped as rude, boring and that they have a superiority complex
We pay for shit like this, for an extravaganza of celebration that people won't be able to enjoy
Man, I read this comment and I said to myself "this person is either Scottish or Irish" and then I saw your flair
While on central Greece (mainly Athens) we call the first one Kalamaki and the second one Souvlaki
Cheesecake is Greek
The far-right attack minorities.
We call Belarus Λευκορωσσία which translates to White Russia,
We bust on Bad Boy niggaz fucked for life
~~ROMANES EUNT DOMUS~~
"What did he/she say
That girls blood is on my fucking goverments hands.
**Nigel Farage** in a hilarious never ending sequence of irony and surrealism that **w**ill b**low** **YOUR MIND**
The center is alright I guess (and by Center I mean the very center like syntagma and acropolis)
I don't really mind but sometimes they go
She has every right to be scared
Bad as always but there is no real anti European sentiment
but rainy, humid 5°C (or 30°C) sucks the life force out of you
I have been all over Turkey except the south east
There's Linear A, but at about the same time there's Cretan hieroglyphics present in Crete
There would need to be a really brave lowering of the threshold in order for other parties to join in.
2 dío
Nothing special in greek
Of course we speak the same language , with some dialectical changes, but still
We use it quite often
In University of Athens we use WebEx and Skype Business
On May we had 42 in Crete, and was the same in many areas last year too
Katyusha, amongst other Russian songs
Infrastructure is government spending, and so it can't ever be endorsed by a Republican.
Σφυρί (Sfirí) Nope
[This is the video .]
It is a word describing immense beauty and the freedom of happiness
Isn't that the surname of that serial killer also
Many countries don't have "labour-parties" but they have social democratic parties, so I guess these people chose "socialist"
Golden Dawn wont win.Before the crisis they were nobodies.They have gained a lot of traction compared to before the crisis but they have proven with their actions that they are thugs.Sure there are some fascists or supremacists that believe what they preach but the majority of their voters are just disgruntled and desperate.
"or else i bombard you with immigrants"
I do not if it is the same thing or at least something similar, but cured herring here is a first class mezze for one to accompany his/her ouzo or tsipouro
Since 2005, discrimination based on sexual orientation in the workplace has been prohibited
Not Athens
The point is to relocate them all once they enter to an off European camp while their asylum application in processed.
Οχι μονο ειμαι αρτια εκπαιδευμενος στην αοπλη μαχη, αλλα εχω και προσβαση σε ολοκληρο το οπλοστασιο του ελληνικου στρατου και θα το χρησιμοποιησω σε ολη του την εκταση για να σβησω το αθλιο τομαρι σου απο την ηπειρο, μικρο σκατο.
It depends on the state of civil rights in each country, the diversity of population, etc.
The worse the local cuisine, the more international restaurants you get
I get that most muslim people are not terrorists but their religion is the only one that causes shit like this so often
Nope, we pronounce all foreign words exactly as you would too, we just write them differently, since the equivilant to a Latin "X"  is the letter "Ξ" (ksi) in our alphabet
But I'm hard pressed to name any other good dutch food
The whole Balkan polygon i d say
We have what we call in Greece "Magiria". There are like tavernas, but they serve only traditional Greek food and especially "daily" picks (meaning that they don't have stable menu dishes, but they cook every day fresh dishes)
It's not in Europe..why not just keep posts from Istanbul here?
Add some clouds and spray next to those stroopwafels en bitterballen and we're set
Haven't seen a post depicting a landscape from Cyprus on this sub.
Crete: Greece's far west
we celebrate Christmas on the 25th and go to the church and we get our presents at 12 am 1st of January
Sfela
Yup exactly
We have a somewhat famous cuisine.
*Me, a greek who's learning German*
Ποια μοίρα με ζηλεύει
"Brexit Bad
( I am not sure if I expressed that properly, I hope you know what I mean)   .But I think that biggest reason that many people know the some us states is the media and the news
Live in a country with no rivers or lakes and almost entirely flat, yet somehow they've survived and prosopered
Yeah while I agree that the events in Kosovo, that led to the bombings of Serbia (then new Yugoslavia), most probably were a necessary evil to remove a crazed dictator, I would like to point out that Srebrenica is in Bosnia, which is on the opposite direction from Kosovo as far as Serbia is concerned
Dunno if it's a similar situation there.
There are also various segments of Via Egnatia the roman road that crossed the modern-day Northern Greece
>“We said, that based on the agreement, both issues ought to be promoted to the European Council, which is what happened, nothing more, nothing less
2) that one time Christmas payment is going to people living under the poverty line, is drawn from the primary surplus and it still respects the memorandum.
I was lucky enough to have a treadmill at home.
It is, like the name suggests, the thickness of a finger and it usually equals half an inch, or one and a half centimeters
I honestly think it'd be a horrible idea for Scotland to be independent as it is right now
The reason reading and speaking will be easy:
Someone please provide real subtitles for this...
He also pays a lot to get his hair and beard done so that he can get laid easier
It's not EU fault that our governments are incompetent.
If Greece takes back Constantinople it is definitely going to be able to pay it's debt :D
I mean, if **we** are not cooking i'd want Italy to cook
More often than I used to before I went to do my military service (7 months in or around a jeep as an MP really makes you grow the ability to instantly spot a military vehicle).
yup it happens quite a lot
At least you understand some of it's benefits
I dislike that they call it tetris
Puking on yourself at 22:00 on a Friday and then trying to punch a random person in the line to a fried potato shop - this is my understanding of barbarism.
I receive 2 in the mail (everyone in my neighbourhood does, I can't explain why)
Also, she told me that some people have seen what's happening in the US with the trans kids and they are afraid that if they give the LGBT movement a bit of space, then it will demand more
It is not known how Ankara has taken the American initiative, but it is clear that Washington fears a possible incident in the Aegean between the two NATO allies, which could destabilize the alliance’s southeast wing.
You can trust us to do the right thing with everything except money lol
Greece and Portugal are on edge of continent
Since Greek is one of the oldest spoken languages still in use it's pretty normal  to discover those references even today
Then theres the defence budget
Most of the photos are not available, mirror anyone?
I mean she’s cute
They even import tgeir concpiracy theories like 666 barcode marks, end of the word is nigh, suversion of true christian blood by gays etc.
It's a systematic problem over here; it's slowly getting better, but the mindset lives on
Strange to appear in Bosnia
tbh, a couple of personal favourites are I agapi mou stin Ikaria and Pedia tis Samarinas, though many act kinda haughty when listening to the latter or other demotika, no idea why
Thanks
The problem is that the bigger the corporation, the LESS tax they pay.
Still the worst thing to happen to Europe in human history, worse than the plague.
What does Hellenic Macedonian mean ?
We learn the 1st period at the 1st grade of Primary, Junior High and High School
There's classical Greek, church Greek, Byzantine Greek, etc
So I am at work, I read a tour programme for North Italy and it writes a visit to the Island of Borrommee
same here
Fortunately there are people ho are democratic and supporters of freedom in that alliance
yeah otto was thrown out but i didn't remember if the next ones were danish, german or austrian
[I am interested in how the Neuron Drone is doing] It is a EU project involving Sweden, France, Greece, Italy, Spain and a few others.
As for music, I'd say Nana Mouschouri is clearly more famous than Vangelis,she is one of the top selling artists of all time but they are both pretty old now
This guy is a master troll but still I am so triggered so i am not going to visit Bansko for skiing like a was planning to.
This is Modern Greek so the pronunciation is a bit different:
But eventually they did and the invasion happened
Oh boy where do I start
Seems like they left out a lot of predominately Christian countries to skew the results
I'm pretty sure Europeans and people from around the world from the 30s could relate more to the Nazis considering there was mass indifference and even support of Hitler before he began WW2.
You have to understand the peculiar love/hate relationaship Belgians have with their country.
Me and basically everyone else I know who lives in the suburbs avoid hanging out in the centre of Athens at all costs because it's ugly af
What winter
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit.
That doesn't look like protection
Secondly, the lorry was overloaded, with bad wheels and a driver that hasn't rest for days
First of my Turkish friend who came in crete said its really familiar with izmir just less chaos.
a cold room is 17 and below
That's the other way around
its more complicated than that.
If you listen to the Greek songs from back then, 7/10 talked about the shit life they had to live there and how they were treated.
The Ottoman Empire
- Athens does have some nice parts with natural beauty and nice architecture, but its concrete jungle part can be overwhelming
Damn, I thought the Brittish were not so fond of us and Cyprus
But those things you said are in the context of a protest, not at broad daylight while nothing of the sort is happening
Σελ. 325, 326
Some months before that I had booked a roundtrip ticket to Berlin for just €20
Sadly there's not a single political party which is really close to me
Fun fact: you can a double filet o fish that’s a better proportion of fish, comes in its own box, and is made fresh to order
Buses are terrible though, you can't depend on them to be on time
Giouuuurgiaaaa
Submarines , that is why you can't see them .
That's not even close
male: Χρυσοβαλάντης (Chrysovalántis)
Literally translated: Horse of the Mother of Jesus*
That's one of the things I like the most about Danish
The population of a member state doesn't mean anything
1941 defeat and occupation
All of my grandparents died in WWII except one, my Grandpa
Wasn't bad at all
In Greece the food quality just needs to be in a basic good level
never say that again
I can't help you with that
Kids stay there for 11, 15 or 22 days or more depending on what they want, but those are the standard packages
Also in a suburb of Attica
More like it was Pete's birthday, and Ian is eating all the cake by himself
Y'all need unions
He wasn't talking about you, but some other users.
Why should you be hating the Greeks?
More excuses to put meat on a grill!!!
From a technical standpoint you are actually OUT in name only.
I love the word kæreste
Gypsies
Well Greek accents usually brings the topic of place of origin
You will discover places hidden in the alleys that may outshine anything I've mentioned here so far.
That's why US won the cold war
In Greece, you found yourself fighting – or imprisoned and tortured by – the people who had collaborated with the Nazis, on British orders
Cretans are the first to freeze to death in 10°C and we are the first to die of a heat stroke in 25°C
For many Turks that come here they can also see the house where Ataturk was born and raised, serving as the Turkish Consulate in Thessaloniki
They've called us lazy, they've called us morons but without the Balkans, modern Europe wouldn't even exist
You add a "tsi" in front of every syllable
Dame tu cosita, ay
Those days are gonna be the worst
Pack it up guys, tommorow's celebrations are canceled
First they came for the dating shows...
On a followup to the above she said "Maybe I am just not ready to have to discuss with a Turk if it is moral that a Turkish family lives in the home that my Grandmother refused to leave and was presumably killed in", at which point I and everyone else knew not to push the issue further
You know, those people that came in Greece as refugees hunted by Kemal?
It means "the Germans are our friends" As a reference to traitors in ww2 and it's used when someone snitches on you
Chilly: 10°C-12°C
Greece has many things in common with both the South and the East.
NYPD and Harvard are among the most common
Where do we draw the line
A Frapé mixer
Because it was a cheap geopolitical move by USA only to counter Russia's influence in the Balkans and give them the ability to have a say in the region
>(and I kind of believe we do deserve them)
Italy faces new restrictions
You just can't win
Living in Dublin, all these issues are secondary
So, if there's no need, why learn one
I was in Sweden as a student and i could not believe there was a blackjack table in nearly every pub
A better way to show this would be something like this:
But now those things changed
Nationalists paint it as a constant horror show and use that narrative as an excuse to not like all sorts of minorities and foreigners and so on
He 's a very nice chap, soft spoken and even charismatic.
So I   doubt that I recognised a Greek just by their facial features
Yup, that's a giraffe, alright.
OTOH have to admit when I visited Dresden I was pleasantly surprised, it felt a bit more like a "German city" if that makes sense (sorry to German folks if this perspective sounds stupid)
Weak on criminals, weak on illegal immigration and an establishment of absence of law and order.
Careful wording has been used as to not antagonize NATO I presume.
Greece "protested" corruption by destroying the two dominant parties in Greece for the last 30 years and voting in Syriza whose entire basis was as the "anti-corruption" party.
Possibly because it has probably never ended
I know it's stupid let me be happy godamnit
I'm just unsure why the number of world cup victories matters when competing in a Euro Cup
Plus I would able to enjoy all the things that exist right now
Beta Blockers are a booming product.
The Ottomans saw the movement as part of an international conspiracy against them.[1] The Turkish revolutionaries rebelled against this partitioning and against the Treaty of Sèvres, signed in 1920 by the Ottoman government, which partitioned portions of Anatolia itself.
In the absence of the electoral college LA and NY rule the country.
Propably no, but you know what i mean
You can get gay marriage, but it would have to be followed by execution.
Only before sleep
When visiting Athens, do yourselves a favour and after visiting the Acropolis dont bother with the tourist shops of Monastiraki, if really you want to buy some souvenirs, just enter one they are all exactly the same anyways, then go eat in one of the tavernas in Monastiraki or something, (except Bairaktaris, somehow this is an unpopular opinion with some Greeks, but their food is crap, and their restaurant is filthy, dont @ me), and then leave
Every time I hear Russian choirs I get chills even thow I can't understand a word they're singing
>Wet dreams come true
The name is great; the coal pollution not so much
* Thessaloniki: Same as above -except calmer- dislikes Atticians
South Italy seems very culturally similar to Greece though I haven't been there yet.
It's so funny when you think of it
I don't know nowadays but back in the 90's it was still a thing
you do realise that this particular event dates back from 1918 till now eh...
^^^/s
I guess because of the German elections
Farmer's Markets are absolutely essential where I live
Γειά, το όνομά μου είναι Γιάννης. Χαίρομαι που σας γνωρίζω. Από που είστε;
I would love the cleanliness and the organisation of Japanese culture
A dictator going down is definitely positive news, but the opposition being backed by the Church and the reason for their win being that the Montenegrins ran to defend the church is worrisome
A wall in Athens said it best some years ago: "I either want less corruption, or more opportunities to participate".
Here there is also the word geomilo which means potato, but literally means earth apple, but most people just use the word patata
Hate not being able to go out for a simple walk at night cause some stray bastards will fall on ya
) made
Finally
Oh yeah
Yet, 8 years later, we landed to the Moon
Stealing money from the citizens and the government, if you are a politician
Καλησπέρα! Το όνομά μου είναι Δημήτρης και είμαι από την Ελλάδα. Ζω στη Θεσσαλονίκη εδώ και 10 χρόνια. Είμαι 17 χρονών, και πηγαίνω τρίτη Λυκείου.
there are monasteries in Mount Athos
"When you get on your way to Ithaca (Odysseus's homeland),
While they are busy building a strong private sector, we keep raising taxes and killing small companies.
The only list where Greece is doing ok..
Fear no more, nobody speaks languages similar to ours, so it's going to be an equal pain to everyone to learn
I just randomly came across with this one.
Τπτ
I am not belittling it
-So, you mean that you have a lover
My suggestion is that, if you find some time after studyimg german, continue on with french as well because they are a gateway to learning both spanish and italian
That's very interesting
This is clearly not what I meant lol
Yes you are right, I didn't thought about the mines..
These guys have war arsenals in their homes.
As a Greek I think this distinction is meaningless
Someone is studying biology I see
And Greeks fought to be in the West's sphere of influence.
**Souvlaki** is the greek god you were never taught about in Mythology class
I've had all kinds of friends, some were foreigners
It's spoken in the north by a few people
Police officers get a % for writing tickets so many now it will finally change
Can you show me where did i argue for the abolition of public healthcare ?
I also like pineapple on pizza, as long as is not too much - again it can become over-powering
The ID has english in it too, 2
because the rest of the world is becoming big, federalization is the only way to go
If my statment is too dumb then why do you even bother
We have quite a lot tbh, here's the list of those in parliament:
Some German politicians are demonized in Greece but how can we hate you?
Greece is in the red and 30C is bread and butter for us, we have 30+C every day at summer
unpopular opinion, but I'm really jealous
I think that these people viewed as foreigners the latin Americans that  immigrated now to the country and they wanted to stop illegal immigration and illegal immigrants etc , but I think that they didn't have something specifically against them as an ethnic group, they said that it was only due to legal reasons
But you can definitely get the gist of it, even if you're long gone from school
Yeah, I remember the clip of Mitsotakis in the White House to give you an idea of how well he speaks the English language
The game takes place right after ww2 and its a really sad game because the kid keeps getting called nazi and bullied because of his origins
>Εγκέλαδος (Engelados) = Earthquake, and also a name of a Titan, son of Tartarus and Gaia, who shook the earth whenever he was pissed off
All of Europe was under a golden age, while the Ottomans were taking 11 year olds away from their families to turn them into janissaries.
For some reason I'd never made the connection with ουρά before
True, he speaks the language very well, I noticed though that his accent sounds like when a German speaks Greek, I guess he was born and raised in a German speaking country
Ευχαριστώ = [I] thank you
Modern Philosophy
Germans visiting their summer destinations
Well, better watch what you vote the next time a lunatic tries to persuade you that others are inferior than you and fuck jews
This is a travesty
Isn't it risky to eat it
But I do agree that we love thyme
I really preferred London over Bristol, bath on the other hand is incredible
>since feces are the most disgusting thing in the world
How about we give an islet in the ~~Ionian~~ Aegean and they^^gib ^^East ^^Thrake
They are baking something delicious up there I can often smell the ovens.
Too afraid to ask: What is this and what cultural significance does/did it have
Was looking for it too
It reminds me of Greece pre- crisis
The quality of our economy is equal to a lidl product quality
It used to be like that but it isn't so for some years now.
>Nothing more needs said
According to the Erasmian pronounciation, you should say "beta" and "molon labe".
Should we also "realise" that "Northern Cyprus" is "independent" now?
Yes, as long as living expenses etc are able to support it
The animosity and coldness of the people is insufferable
Many people praise him, and say stuff like "Yeah but because of that military Junta we have these" beautiful" streets now" Imo People who say shit like that aren't necessarily right-wingers
Although now that you mentioned it I just realized that in Greek instead of Hercules the movie was named Hercules: Beyond the myth.
It celebrates the day Jesus was baptised and basically the revelation of the holy Trinity
Wow 27
Maybe people in the country are being dumber than city people, because that's where most new cases are concentrated
[I like this one] There are some more.
Love ancient history nowadays and I'd love to go back
Actually, it's a nightmare taking a car down town and you will probably and up stuck in traffic and you'll park two miles away from where you need to go
My bar workflow: fix black -> corona -> fix
I would say the Turkish word "Tefter" =book for writing notes etc
for me it is the shit - sheet , beach - bitch and all the similar ones
In the [video] he goes:
Ehm, excuse me sir
We celebrate October 28th with military parades and patriotism, it's the day the Italians invaded, and most people don't even know when the celebration for the end of the war is
Mythos beers everywhere
How is it legal to run for so many years
3% have never heard of IRELAND
For some reason this post made me really sad
Plus many welfare projects were put into place for the first time then, while there was also an increase in infrastructure related projects, again, to accommodate this massive influx of refugees
but who doesn't have a dogmatic hard-on for it.
Defence the Turkish stance of wanting other countries to comply to their demands.
If you have or wish to have a good education, or/and you want to work and you have a family to take care of, shows you're a grounded individual with hopes and fears like everyone else
Are the inmates there dangerous and stuff
The 2nd biggest and the biggest opposition party is leaning more toward Russian than toward the EU
One of the common types of cannabis can be smelled really far away because it has almost the exact same chemical components of a skunk spray
no people blame them for doing the same shit as the previous guys like hiring family and friends for big salaries at non-sense posts NOT going after corruption like they where supposed to which makes everyone think that the only thing that changed was the party that gets the bribes/loots while fucking us over
They are spreading covid
Cantina outside playing star wars mus
Even parenthesis that the guys are talking about in that other comment
Baltics want action against belarus-Russia Cyprus and Greece want action against turkey
On the other hand I've had haggis and its taste  reminded me of magiritsa
Wow, that mix of culinary influences sounds amazing
And everyone I know does it, too
I think that's uncommon
PS thank you for my 1st ever award
Greek
You also have to pay for frontistririo which is a second school, so you get to study double the amount cause our educational system is lame
That would just lead to Turkey being sanctioned.
Sadly, not really
:) also found this:
on topic i like them al dente too, if they are too cooked it's like eating vomit with hair
My grandmother could speak [Arvanitika] My mother understands a little, but me none
So I guess it also depends on the municipality and on the people of each area
The only way I consider myself European is because my country belongs to the EU and because most European countries share the same religion and are close geographically, so I guess that's a common thing we have
>positive news
If you say so
But these are Griko language of Calabria and Salento spoken only in a handful of villages and dying with the new generations, and Tsakonian from a few villages in the Peloponnese that's thought to originate from Doric, one of the ancient Greek languages, so it would mean it split from standard thousands of years ago, it is also dying with the new generations sadly
That's because we all took it from the Latin porta.
Im considering doing my bachelors in Scotland .Does anybody know if the tuition fees  will remain free after Brexit ?
But it was mostly news agencys taping the political and social fringe to get some newsworthy material.
Stop spreading misinformation
Most areas are below 40, you're fine
Yes, exactly
Let me make an example using Trump
Of course we use seismos in our modern parlance for the reason you described, but the fact that you know what an Engelados is without the need of looking it up actually proves my point, I didn't say we use it all the time
God
But if we ignored that for the moment, Were the bombings different
Excellent
these
Year 11: From Justinian reforms (565) until the Treaty of Vienna (1815)
The Eurozone countries fucked up Greece for petty local political gains while ignoring the far reaching results like Eurosceptism.
Source: buddy worked in NYU Abu Dhabi, high 40s was not unsusual
Even so, I think I would be hesitant to try it
We hope to keep the peace
U wear boots to jump don't you ?
Ancient Greece wasnt a country by any measure but you stroke my ego so i will let it pass!
So true
We did
Really
I think that states are far more know than counties or provinces or regions in European countries like the one you mentioned , because US states have a bigger degree of autonomy (about policies, laws, taxation etc), US states are more powerful and richer that the average region in an average region of a European country ( for example California would be one of the richest countries if it was a sovereign state) and many of them have the size of a country
One time, my Danish friend tried to cross the street on a pedestrian crossing and a car cut him off, nearly hitting him
Theater
Embarrassingly uninformed
Since Europe is not a continent defined by land but by culture, the muslim majority plays a big role in keeping Turkey not European.
For the word εύνοια (evnia) there isn't exactly one on one translation
He fought in the war, was taken prisoner, escaped and continued to fight
Hasn't she gotten tired of our nagging?
Isn't Scottish included in the British
This is definitely one of the most 'weird' dishes I have come across in this thread
They grabbed around 30% of the island and remained there for 50 years and counting
No I'm talking about the persecutions that happened during Kemal's Turkey.
The day I travel to Poland is the hottest day
I can think of a handful of countries that would see Iran as a major threat if the allegations are true.
This must be one of the most fucking scoldingly arrogant bourgeois comments I've ever read in this sub.
Greek lacks many vowels that English has, which leads to Greeks mixing up words like "shit" and "sheet" or "ship" and "sheep".
I wouldn't call it a real terrorist attack.
But if the healthcare doesn't do it, the lack of gun control will
THANK YOU, I thought I was going insane, because IN MY DAY, everyone I knew hated Bairaktaris, everyone was saying that Savvas and Thanasis were light years better, that his Tzatziki and Souvlaki were rotten trash
Yes you can take as much time of as you need.
Greeks in Montreal
But Greece isnot like Romania for example, where you had a communist regime and so on
I absolutely love it but since even centuries before the birth of Christ everyone has been wanting in on it
Like, I understand that the museum tells the Balkan Wars from their perspective, just like the museum in Thessaloniki tells it from our perspective (and I'm sure that the Bulgarians, Serbs, Turks, Romanians and Albanians have their own perspectives), but I mean, there is perspective and then there is being totally divorced from reality
All cancers have a higher probability as one gets older.
But you know what they say "there is no force equal to that of a determined woman", not to mention thousands of them
Shame EU as a whole didnt do anything all these decades but opted to let Greece protect its borders alone
I especially like the fact that most people are tolerant and open minded
&#x200B;
Why did you create a second throwaway account?
In case I'm not mistaken plans are something that can be formed by anyone, either in Government or not.
Carl Sagan once said that “The nuclear arms race is like two sworn enemies standing waist deep in gasoline, one with three matches, the other with five.”
>I think I wanna visit countries in Europe first
Their society fails to provide proper education for everybody and then, on top of that, the privileged individuals of this system, like a contemporary Marie Antoinette, look down upon and blame the uneducated masses for being uneducated and denying climate change.
It's our driving culture and I personally find it funny and makes driving more fun and interesting :)
Neither does the March Maidan Coup, but it is what it is
Colonization
For some letter combinations, the sound of this letter does not exist in other languages (it is softer than the g sound in English)
BUT
BTW I am curious you as a Cypriot  in which continent do you think that Cyprus belong to
This I did when I was learning English in the beginning
Hate not being able to go out for a simple walk at night cause some stray bastards will fall on ya
When I saw Greece being #1 I was certain that it was about something negative
Also, Ionian islands get so much less love than they should
*Β Ι Ο Λ Ο Γ Ι Α*
his unit was the first to enter Ioannina (a city in northwest Greece) and liberate the city
You should come visit us again then, when you get the chance ;)
We don't dislike Athens as far as I'm aware
So there are places like Chalkidiki after all
Edit: Recipe
Other than that, it's not 'bad' to have long hair, most people don't care at all but older generations MIGHT think you're a degenerate or something
Daily telegraph obituary
Not  to mention how much this will help with the understanding of foreign speakers of English who will now have a common basis which they can all follow and which would be largely agreed upon thus ensuring better and easier communication between people
I sm sorry but you sound a bit like a stereotype.
I guess the reason is because we share a lot of history together and that "Mediterranean culture" thing
(I do not count Riot police in this because they again are not armed with firearms)
The country and its debt will be held in life support until europe becomes a proper fiscal union, at which point our debt will be dissolved.
Chef Tony is such a legend
LETS GOOO
octopus (χταπόδι) = eight-foot
Although the problem was solved, the result did not satisfy Athenians’ aesthetic expectations and the statues were removed
It's really interesting
Thanks
This video is not the definition of fascism but a sample of what a fascist would say and how he would say it.
Cons:I would've said economy but thats getting better,and you have to serve 9 months in the army
Outside the major cities, the majority of americans are facing major problems.
[Ένα το Χελιδόνι by Mikis Theodorakis]
He is pro-West, very very for defending Jews and Israel, pro-free market and his political roots are in the VVD.
Particularly when the leaders publicly denounce and expel such people from their organisations and don't have Nazi policies.
Does R with that sign above it, sound like G?
Το ΚΑ τα καλούδια που έχει η ζωή
Maybe it's a cliché but for a reason [Sirtaki - Mikis Theodorakis]
In Greece it's illegal but if you're just staying overnight nobody usually cares.
Came here to say this, this band is gold ;)
Jokes aside, I never understood why these idiots spend so much money on the military...
[This object] is used to pump olive oil out of large containers, which every household in Greece has
Plus, mountains not being very good land for farming doesn't stop some people from farming them
Many of the ancient sources are not written in modern greek but in ancient greek or koine greek, which is hard to be read even from greeks
His lyrics and his message are giving us hope and a fighting spirit in these very dark times
To clarify, Ξξ is pronounced ks (x) and Ζζ is pronounced z.
It's as if without 2 opposing poles u can't have stability.
* Mani: Superstitious, alcoholic, engaged in blood feuds, territorial, independent, mountain folk, strong, family values, backwards-looking, conservative, violent, thinks that are better than everyone else due to Spartan origins
>there is a tendency to stereotype every European cuisine other than France, Italy, Spain, Greece and Portugal as horrendous and bland
You're suffering from severe context denial
Not that Thessaloniki is any prettier
If there wasn't a pandemic it would be way easier for me, it will probably take me around 2 years
Mostly prominent within grandparents; it is something that was transferred to the next generations as well
The best cevapcici I've ever had was in a Croatian restaurant in Munich!
Since the 50's it's been the immigrants who work your factories and are responsible for a large amount of your GDP, sir.
It's not some SimCity Tutorial city name???
This does not apply to men, where they have the same surname as their fathers.
Reminds me of the german BVG commercials:  [  /  [  (enable the closed captions
It's widely considered as a must-do thing here as a lot of young people travel abroad to make a living and sometimes come back to have a comfortable life here
You just go at the bus stop and hope for the best
thats one way to avoid being invaded /s
Yellow: chemistry
The above refers to [Alexander] that was king of Greece during the expansion into Asia Minor
Ah also for some reason Polish people STILL watch state TV (PiS propaganda tool), I haven't figured out yet why
Greeks are flattered, even if you just know one phrase
Had my fair share of injuries the next handful of years though
There are more people having a vegan diet for religion than for ideals.
, Germany, Slovakia, Hungary and Austria)
I don't know about Slovenes but they are certainly not Balkan and Greece culturally is on par with Spain and Italy, so yeah, I wouldn't call us Balkan
I tried to explain how Italian cuisine works, and I don't take back what I said because I know I am accurate on that, Italian cuisine is **all about** delicasy, so the hot sauce thing is 100% accurate
Did you just try to prove a point with zero historical knowledge to back it up
establishing an EEZ with the moon by 2030
And yes, Selene is the moon goddess and the moon itself; for ancient Greeks, the god *was* the object
I have countless American friends from college that went there
[Artemis/Artemida]
(keep in mind that railroads within the country aren't as developed as the rest of europe because of our mountainous geography)
Some people are very delusional , to the point that they may need professional help
I'm sure the same is true for my Balkan friends too
In white awoke Athens and the entire prefecture of Attica on Tuesday morning, the snow has fallen in almost all areas of the capital and the country.
Εγκέλαδος (Engelados) = Earthquake, and also a name of a Titan, son of Tartarus and Gaia, who shook the earth whenever he was pissed off
σιγα τον πολυελαιο
Well I am usually freezing during the 10C winter
Do Croat politicians glorify Ustashe, except neo-nazis ?
Of course we speak the same language , with some dialectical changes, but still
Even then, bottled water is pretty cheap
[Also a team of students managed to win even against Harvard in 2015]
It is you who are anti-small talk :)
Also, people going out every day for tapas/partying/"light drinking". I loved that part
It's all Greek to me
Their agenda doesn't deviate from mild Nordic-style wealth redistribution
cool
just rub any fat/oil on your face to keep the skin from dying, in an emergency you can even use
When we use the term "*Thatcherite*" to describe a part of the political spectrum even after all these years, we know that M.Thatcher must have been a big deal.
They were masculine as I thought, but according to the AdC they should take the Lo article instead of the Il article
And the Germans taste different depending on the part of the country
oh come on, Clinton is so two-faced and corrupt she she could be a Greek politician...Still better than Trump tho, which is really sad.
Something that happened centuries ago, is too deeply buried in the past to make us feel any shame
What's more, I could eat one by myself - I love it
I think we don't have a standard like you mentioned
You know that movie with Voutsas and Moustakas playing two almost illiterate rich men
We don't kill anyone
Gerolymatos, meanwhile, says: “The  Greeks didn’t need the British to help them set up camps
Here we don't use terms like millenials and baby boomers
or their state laws ( except if is someone really likes a state , for example I know someone who wants to move in New York and this person knows it's governor and other facts about it)
Alvion was the original name used by Greeks and then around 1st Century AD Greeks used Prettania which then became the Roman word
As I was aiming around the Eastern Roman era, I found this map by chance.
Greek pronunciation is not really close to anc
British Empire reduced to the size of Massachusetts but they left an enormous linguistic footprint in the world
I started when I was about 9
And the people from areas that rear them are very proud of their recipes
" Even in formal calls
And in northern Greece, higher than that
Dekatria(13 its like 10+3 and it goes like that until 20)
Go check out Santorini for a day, you can check out mykonos etc if you want.
Many believe so yes
No free speech = No free thought
Having a cold coffee, especially during summer months, is a bliss
It depends
We have an island called  [Ρω]  (Ro)
Spain and Portugal should ask Slovenia for help
The streets are generally clean, much better than what I expected (I expected something like Leeds or Sheffield)
And then we have, filotimo as a noun
levers
communism is good actually
I have never tasted Georgian cuisine, I'll see if we have a Georgian restaurant here in Athens
He also said that Turkey was a product of the Islamic culture.
while we are in the EU we are not the EU
&#x200B;
Russia
i was talkin gabout garlic bread(google it), not that other thing another guy pointed before.TIL fried bread<>garlic bread :p
Earth = Γη (Gi from the goddess "Gaia")
For something really far far away, we say "by the Devil's mother".
Dont they get it that every time they spell "Brexit" the GBP falls?
In the early days it was one of the most advanced countries.
Γιατί = why
People had to come up with words and names for things, and what better way then using myths and story references to do so
I like how turks expect to or believe you myst support them like Albania fyrom and co
I was once told by someone it sounds Arabic, I haven't spoken to that person ever since
Perhaps we should examine it in relation to how broken the people think their own system is
It is an inspiring place to be fair
Erasmus didn't have that, being used to his mother tongue, some stuff didn't make sense for him, others were hard to use when speaking
Where did they mainly  go
I'll say Ephialtes of Trachis
I'd nearly gotten that song unstuck from my brain, too
I'm guessing the Vatican is not included, from what I read it's like a city state but it's treated more like an autonomous region
That's not even close
One thing that's been some comfort is the fact that I've resorted to taking a book along with me
I said that this is not true and that you can't say a whole continent is the same.
So almost nothing
Neither do I like eggplant so there goes mousakas
Western Civilization in its finest
As you see he is not any better than other presidents.
yeah well, most greeks aren’t that strict orthodox christians
Lol , I and many others said that I disagree with this generalization and that doesn't represent the majority of Americans
Austrooungaria, or sometimes Austro-Oungaria
Or that, at least, they are not so common in Europe, because I do have enjoyed a cold coffee in Montreal, Canada, and I was just reading that they are pretty popular in the US too
* Countries they want to invade and occupy
Eastern Slovenia weak /s
Greek Media : Look at Mitsotaki’s cat
It sort of started alphabetically then he realised he missed a few countries and put them wherever on the list :P
In Greece these are Rookie numbers
Oh,you too
Without defence there is nothing.
For example Candace Owens , politicians like senators, etc
French: Merci
Pat’s day Irish friends
I am not sure how we can handle this without either side being harmed, it seems like the situation will only get worse..
in this case it was literally Nazis though
>And if someone from outside of Europe asks me, I usually say that I'm German, because I'm sick and tired of talking about Kangaroos, Koalas and Australian Rule Football or whatever this is
Does Greece still owe money to Germany
What are the major issues in the Netherlands today that would cause such a divide?
The deadliest, was back in 1947, the Chimaira shipwreck
He lifted his 400 pound frame off his bed wondering how many women he’d be able to harass on Xbox Live today when just then he remembered: today was the day
he was harboring communists during the civil war (although he was right winger)
Благодаря ти !
Turkey should withdraw troops from the island, Greece should do the same after that and allow the island to be united.
I don't really like the way the EU is going, but I do believe that the best solution is to stay in and fight to make the institution better for all of us
Those were Helen, Clytemnestra, Polydeuces and Castor
Cantina outside selling souvlaki and hot doggies
Even if he goes the legacy will stay and other will try to live up to that legacy.
In Greece instead of celebrating birthdays we mainly celebrate "Name's Days" which is the celebration day of the saint you're named after
How are they Christians if they don't believe in Jesus
In my country I only have a small freezer to make ice cubes
Thanks
This is always the case in any greek post, it's quite hilarious actually
Isn't there more than one greek dialect in Southern Italy
Phone: [This] from r/Amoledbackgrounds
didnt knew that telling the truth is punishable nowdays
Are they peeling eggs for you
I think we all-most agree on the problem and its cause
I hope you dont judge only by your trains, because they are quite ahead in quality :)
One year the USA will say one thing and the other year they will say the other.
Assuming they suddenly all want to jump back in, what's preventing them
• αδερφέ (aderfé) = brother (this one's mostly for strangers that you're being nice to)
For the modern times, I would say the 80s and a bit of the 90s with Andreas Papandreou
* Black & Decker for power tools, more specifically electric drills
So they can't understand why Indian food is good - my dad claims that just too much spice involved and he can't taste anything, nothing stands out
Yes, they actually have
Meh, a big slice (1/5th of a pizza) can cost as little as 1€
I don't think that the myth has to say specifically that Zeus raped Europa.
Delightful
I found my country by looking which one has the most pinks, lol.
So a plate would look something like [this]
but it’s greece and we’d probably fuck it up so maybe it’s for the best
Or do I sit bare-assed on the bench with the towel on my shoulders?
*"My significant other is Montenegrin and follows the politics there every day
Better to emphasize on [this] and [this]
I did for the last five months, but at military police training they made us make the beds every day!
Americans:
looool
Man please don't call me stupid,but some years back I used to think that the Romanian people are Catholic because you speak a Latin influenced language and all Latin speaking countries (except Romania I guess) are Catholic.Turns out I was wrong.
The whole Peloponnese region is very intriguing on food terms, while Athens and Thessaloniki cities have a great restaurant scene
Honestly, I don't really get it
After that, probably Italy, we have very similar cultures, share history, same weather
It's not like it will affect us, right ?
I *would of* known immediately
It used to be one of the countries which i wanted to visit but since the 2016 coup i want to avoid that country in every cost
Of course, that leaves you with little room for haggling
I have travelled in the Balkans and have seen that things could be much worse than they are now
Most if not all the Mediterranean and Balkan countries
Well I don't think Italians get offended by it, but we sing with pride the "Duce puts his uniform" a Greek song that mocks the Italians for losing the war with Greece in WWII
Mob rule, ochlocracy, is the perversion of direct democracy, not direct democracy itself.
Which traditional dish of another country's cuisine proved to be a pleasant surprise when you tasted it
As for Turkey protecting an independant state, protecting it from what exactly ? There was no and there is no independant state, Turkey created an occupied area by having its armed forces invading and displacing civilians (to put is as politely as possible)
Hilarious to say in combination with my flair, I know, but It's still true
I dont like olives either
In southern Greece it rarely snows, but in some regions of northern Greece it happens more often
Greetings from Greece
Sure, you always have a safety net, but then it's exactly that, you have a safety net that becomes your comfort zone from which you never wish to step out
I also forgot to mention the existence of the Roman forum in Athens but it's not so well preserved
You've seen nothing, my dude
The British sold the town to the Ottomans when they took over all the islands in our timeline
It's one of my favorite series and I just have to say it gets even better in the next seasons
It depends on how well you know the other parents, if they ask to stay, wether you're busy etc
On the other hand, English language, Hollywood, HipHop, McDonalds.
After all this it s a trait that people make fun of but secretly are jealous of
Do not worry, eventually they will realize that one of those 3 was not evil after all
" -Süleyman Demirel
Greek
Greece . More than 3500 years of practice :  [Greek fist fighters]
No it is Constantinapole huehueheuheuheu
When I think of Latinos, sometimes I think them as non-Americans like Mexican, Cuban etc citizens and sometimes I might think of the as USA citizens, I guess it depends on the occasion and on the Latino person
Yes, and people think it's cute and stuff
A greek who doesn't love souvlaki
female: Αφροξυλάνθη (Afroxylánthi)
Kokoretsi, it consists of  lamb or goat intestines wrapped around seasoned organ meat
At the supermarkets in my town you have to make an order for lamb related stuff by the end of this week
I've noticed Greek users on here getting offended when being compared to a Turk.
Most of these examples though don't charge 50 euros for a salad
How tf am i going to explain this to my grapda?
Γαμώτο in Greece
I guess we will use electric planes powered from renewable energy in 2121
Austrougaria
So are you in Norway now
Influencing the transportation of goods internationally and in the EU
Also I may be a bit but biased since I dont live in a huge city (Larisa) and McDonalds only opened last year, it wasn't that big of a deal tbh
The businessman and the homeless were actors, not the real **rapers**
20 to 25 is warm
So nazi collaborators became backbones of the greek right-wing state for decades
Kosovo is Serbia and will always be Serbia, until such a time that it legitimately and legally achieves its "independence."
Pretty much standard endonym exonym scenario
Yeah, that's right
"Agnostic atheism" is in fact the default position most atheists have, as in, they do not believe or want to (are irreligious) but also abstain from making claims on whether god exists; this is something only "militant atheists" sometimes do, but it's rarely dressed in absolute sounding language
Taxes ,laws and income
Yeah, I should have phrased it better, I meant generally for the right of Polish people and especially women in this case
It's okay, don't worry :)
Even older people have a neutral or even positive view on cannabis use
Brussels , European Parliament, Flanders and Walloon
Of course he will never pay you back
Almost all the time, it's hard to get completely rid of your original accent
And now it isn't probably
Ok, that makes sense
Not like he had an option mate
Many people respect Lenin, the USSR project, the Red Army, etc, that doesn't make them communists or socialists.
Is this forum still up
Oh yes, [mommy EU from the other's day propaganda hit piece] abuse me with more austerity
Australia sounds like a nice place to live honestly(except the spiders and the sharks and everything that can probably kill you)
4) In 1967 the political situation was a huge mess, so there were 2 or 3 dictatorship coups that were being prepared
you wouldnt have tought that bbc would steep down to this?
Maybe one day
My whole circle is from the northeastern suburbs and we just love to hang out there and avoid the city centre at all costs, unless we wanna smoke some hookah or something, which is unreasonably expensive in the suburbs (lots of mainstream lounge/coffee shop owners in the suburbs really think they're someone important and keep raising their prices lol)
Such a beautiful country
I think that's because the other orthodox churches follow the old calendar, but the Greek orthodox church doesn't.
I feel comfortable at 8°C and up, but get so shocked when I see people wearing coats in 20° here
Also there is this hate/dislike towards the communists but it makes no sense
The thing is that we also had a lot of debts, mostly  because of corruption as you said
Greece, Cyprus
Men and women sit separately in cafes even in Trabzon
The word patat sounds like the Greek word patata which means potato , I think both of them come from the Spanish word patata and that is maybe loan word from a native language
As a matter of fact this is not even the worse
Other than masks, supermarkets are good
It's a pity Greece is mostly known for its islands.
Yes but according to Breitfart, Infofarts and some trusty blogs I like, Sweden is being besieged by medieval Islamic invaders from the Ottoman Empire and will soon collapse into a black hole singularity because they are too socialist.
Imagine, two lanes without anything to seperate them and full of blind turns, due to the physiology of the landscape
It's honestly ugly as fuck in most places, but every graffiti stains and locked down/semi-demolished shop has its own history
I guess that counts as a deregulation
Other than that, it's not 'bad' to have long hair, most people don't care at all but older generations MIGHT think you're a degenerate or something
***YOU***
He summarizes fairly well the entire political and social grounds of the country I live in, Greece
Edit: Me: *supports the protests*
Souvlaki vs kalamaki
And now you have to drive an extra 30min in traffic a day to find a parking spot
They're ignored for the most part
So basically "ruuul"
Egypt, 3
I say we open gibraltar, and let them all in europe.
If it was happened in a country like Venezuela or Iran it would've been a hot topic here but since it's happening in a obscure country like Belarus they won't give a single damn
GD even at it's peak never got more than 7% of the popular vote
now repeat the poll but adding that the black/asian/muslim/jewish person is rich
Other than that, dunno much else.
Aristotle
tostaki
OK he is greek in the sense greek-americans are greek, but he is not like 'technically foreign born'. He grew up abroad until he was an adult
Just FYI, without wanting to sound mean, the expression is "canon fodder".
I eat yoghurt with honey frequently
Let's see if there are more Turkish spammers than people interested in the picture here, check the downvotes/upvotes
No evil billionaire has enough power or gives enough shits to do what Soros is supposed to be doing
I am just saying that if we were to put some basic rules in the definition of the English language  we would achieve better communication
I mean, isn't their election coming soon
The ancient Greek used that place tο try murderers and such
It was a good strategy until the 90s, but then the world filled with educated people who are looking for a job in their field while the quantity need of essential workers is bigger than the degree jobs
Wait, the UK fought in the Greek Civil War
It kind of looks like the guy is pulling out his tongue and the seagull tries to eat it
Don't worry, rich European countries won't get worse by helping poorer ones.
I remember him losing his throne so I thought It was something short.
I hope we as EU can build a better relationship with USA now
Unless you are literally giving away food the fast food and delivery market is pretty saturated with local product in Greece, and that's just fine really
We speak the same language, many people go over there to study, and you can even choose to join that army instead of the Greek one
-George(x2)
Obviously while all these things could happen saying that if you give your kid soda on their birthday you might give your kid crack every day isnt rational
Did the survey take place before the crisis or what
You are talking in abstract hypotheticals and political philosophy
-Who is it
That's why I prefer fried potatoes on pizza
The ottomans were the sick man of Europe and desperately tried to contain the situation with extreme measures (like the massacre of Chios)
I really liked your narration of the story
Honestly, why do we even care about the royal families
My best student only studied one year, and she said the thing that the thing that helped her the most was watching a tv series
You go away, and prepare an attack.
I always root with the opponent of Italy, unless they play against Spain or Germany
Άι αν ολσο Γκρίκ, σου Άι αντερσταντ γουατ γιου σει
My suggestion is that, if you find some time after studyimg german, continue on with french as well because they are a gateway to learning both spanish and italian
WE LOVE U MURRICAN NERDMIGOS
>PS: for our fellow Europeans: We aren't fighting here, we are just solving an argument in the Greek way
But i guess a northern German obviously knows about all these aforementioned things
10 to 15 is chilly
It has probably the worst beaches in Greece and is an ugly city
The in process take a lot more time by itslef.
Sure, if you count Turkey as European
Almost as civilized as colonizing and invading the region of Anatolia and then claiming it as "Greek".
It's easy to make friends with the vendors and ask about the quality, and also easy to find cheap and medium quality stuff
Battlefield 1 soldier voices have spoiled Italian for me
Greece has agreed to implement the remaining reforms and has already generated 5-6 billion euros in privitizations.
Sure the current situation is highly critical and volatile but they have done shit like this in the recent past
My late grandmother used to tell me all kinds of stories about those dark times
&#x200B;
Pointed arch bridge
Live in Europe
Halva is a perfect example which could apply to other products as well.
Yes
That is not how a typical bedroom or office would look like
looks like the little kid in "Asterix and the Spaniards" that always threatened to hold his breath
Greek food is definitely Mediterranean from every aspect.On general I would say that Greece is a Mediterranean country and not a "Balkan" one,though that's never discussed here.
Yeet the child out of the window
Of course if people do a master's then they graduate later
Bavarian (Otto etc) and Danish (George, Constantine etc)
Albania: Mixed feelings
Surely it would have been a much better solution to allow the candidates to run for office, showing the people how "democratic " it is for listening to the people rather than repressing them
I think it wouldn't be such a big deal
Climate change probably
Most of their songs are in greek, so i would suggest that you listen to those ones first and then move on to the english ones, because you'll get a more accurate idea of their style
Also give back the stolen Parthenon marbles
I enjoy fish though
I love Albanians but there is generally some racism towards you in Greece
It was the funniest shit ever
I didn't know that either, I looked it up and was surprised.
So playing in English is the most common but when Greek language is available I will use it
Yeah well we are not that different after all...
I think its disingenuous to minimize the dozens of victims of radical left terror,while making a false narrative that a dead rapper means a hitler is coming in Greece
As someone born and raised in Rhodes, my first reaction was to laugh (it's not everyday the island is mentioned in Reddit)
I think it's only the Americans that consider the ground floor to be a "floor/level". In Greece anything above ground level is considered a floor (orofos - όροφος)
*finally decides to respond*
&#x200B;
Which doesn't matter because foreign policy is not affected by Islam or liberalism
The men, described as Asian or north African, surrounded 18 women watching a firework display, kissing and groping them, police said.
In other words, a bunch of crybabies.
The acronym FYROM (FORMER Yugoslavic Republic of Macedonia) logic is basically similar with the logic of the naming of TAFKAP ("The Artist Formerly Known As Prince")
They partially made it since they hold part of it
There is this Daveli cave (or cave of Penteli) which is said to have demons and stuff in it
When all the signs are there that the guy tries to get even more and more power, don't have a shocked Pikachu face when he finally does it
You guys are not so organized normally
Is it Νικόλαος Τεσλακίου you are talking about?
Btw how do Finnish people feel about Russia
I haven't visited many european countries yet so it's a bit biased
It really depends on how much time you get exposed to the sun and what hour of the day.
That's because you haven't visited Greece lol
You only perceive as a problem only what agrees with your narrative it seems
But most of the times there is a national conflict between most countries which i guess makes people less comfortable
Greek Fire
Try vergina weiss if you're into wheat beer, it's one of the better weissbiers i've had, even compared to some pretty high profile brands
Same in Greece, mostly used is blue then it's black
I'm from Thessaloniki, Greece
Oh for like army
So how did she went to school
Europe is going to have a bad time if she becomes PM, that's what it means
It's quite popular but it is not anywhere close to football in popularity
Even in the european sub we have to listen about this
Although we love alcohol, drinking responsibly is propably one of the few things we do right
the golden chain consummates the scenery
It felt I was having more fun there while in the army than some of the people living.
It's not the same word for both singular and plural
Lots of people do, for some reason
And as a greek, you should know that massive slaughters and deportation of people is pretty common in that area.
Do people like hearing underage drinking stories
Personally, I'm in love with them
Same thing with sunscreen at the beach.
It's about time we switched from being stuck in the 1950s, but it is bold to assume that our gov couldn't screw it up somehow
Cheese on seafood is a general no-no
We learned mostly about Ancient Greece, the Byzantine Empire, Ottoman Empire 400 years Occupation, and the 1821 Revolution against it
I'm not saying we need them, but it would be a really nice touch
Polymeris Volgis of New York University describes how a system  of repentance was introduced as though by a “latter-day secular  Inquisition”, with confessions extracted through “endless and violent  degradation”.
Oh, you know me so well
Edit: Stop taking this seriously I made a joke no need to get offended
Alvin and the Chipmunks is translated as "Alvin and his company" (meaning the other squirrels), "Ο Άλβιν και η παρέα του".
And trust me, most Greeks don't give a fuck about that name dispute because we have bigger problems to solve.
Also it write some other stuff like the authority which gave the ID , the ID number and the signature of the owner of the ID
it wasn't a bad idea, the people of Syria need the help.
Everyone seems to love it
Only notable thing in Athens
Maybe south Italians can compete us, but definitely not the central and northern Europeans
So, it's more of a pseudo-state.
If it weren't for Macedonia, wither the UK or Germany would have their flag on Greece
I only found Spaniards to dress very similar to Greeks and some East Europe countries like Czechia or Serbia
Was there like a big monastery in the past
Not to mention the difficulties that would arise in areas like government, economy, trade, communication in general etc
If I'm not mistaken it was opened just in time for the Olympic Torch relay in August 2004.
Is the mjolnir considered a religious symbol in Sweden?
My generation is practically wasted but I fear that the situation for the people that are being born now will be even worse.
Just common sense: If you cover yourself with a blanket you will get warm
This is like everyday here in Greece, but people always talk or shout, shyly or not, but you won't believe how often I've been witnessing people of all ages shouting angrily at the driver to open the door on the back when he doesn't, and usually the driver doesn't give a shit
Well you can't really say Wilders is anti-liberal.
(na) katso = to sit,
I totally agree, but can't figure out what to put in its place
Chilly: -1 -- 9°C
And then they created the Cyrillic alphabet.
Turkey (Ottoman Period), Italy (Roman Empire mostly), Bulgaria (since they interacted a lot with the Byzantine Empire), Iran (ancient Persia) and the 5th would probably be Egypt (ancient Egypt and Ptolemaic Egypt)
*F stands for a group of friends strongly tied
I was telling my friend how island in Danish is "ø" and his mind was blown
They wouldn't be able to cause a state of terror even if they wanted to
Find an old castle and get a gazillion bankers inside.
" Oh I guess this is gonna be pretty normal
yeah ur right lol, i’m dumb i forgot they were different
I get it sentiment may not have been the right word.
This, and the Germans also had a hard time in Crete, dudes would literally butcher them as soon as they touched the ground (probably another reason the Germans were late to the Eastern front)
I'll leave this here
Not everyone in the opposition is like this, but the majority are
Sophocles Antigone **in ancient Greek**, it was a nightmare for me since I was science orientated, although other classmates had not much problem with it
Sweden re-opens probe into 1986 murder of PM Olof Palme
In other news, several European countries are reporting people shortages.
over here there's no such thing as too private lmao
I'm not sure
What country in Europe do you think is the best for retirement?
English teacher thought "together" is pronounced and written "torgether".
And lets not forget the word kimono
The dish that striked me more on your list is the French one
now it's close
Crazy, especially hârtie
Ναι το σκότωσε εκεί λίγο, έπρεπε να πάει για σιγά τα αυγά
Maybe during some other time of the year, for instance in Christmas, it would be prettier
Well played
Bulgaria is an option, too
Tbh made a mistake which I edited now, basically Erdogan is distancing himself from Europe but that could be me.
And for winter anything less than 10⁰C.
"Fake news" can't be explicitly defined nowadays anyway, since there are about a thousand ways to twist a fact that is technically true into pure misinformation, and mainstream news sites are major offenders too.
As it turns out a single MP does not change the general politics of a party.
Yup he is, particularly in the past, though not as renown as Vangelis and definetely nowhere near Callas, which is seen as a national icon
(jeg håber at jeg har ikke lavet så mange fejl, da jeg er ikke endnu på et højt niveau)
An unpopular opinion, for whatever reason
Αλλη δουλεια δεν εχεις απο το να κραζεις την Βρετανικη Αυτοκρατορια.
It's a dominant mindset over here as well and it's disgusting
Personally I make a circle (ο)and then i write the ι α.
100% agree
Κόψε τον πολύ ΣΚΑΙ
Which really isn't the worst thing .
Maybe living in salt water on the coast
I ma ashamed to say I haven't been to Rome yet...
Furthermore, we encourage all G20 countries which have not yet done so, to initiate as soon as feasible a peer review of inefficient fossil fuel subsidies that encourage wasteful consumption."
Therefore Kapodistrias, knowing of the contemporary Greek  attitudes, ordered that the whole shipment of potatoes be unloaded in  public display on the docks of Nafplion, and placed severe-looking  guards guarding it
Most guns here are illegal, but there are still  a lot
So every time I travel abroad I find the prices of water extreme
If that happens and Turkey continues this crazy rhetoric their country is moving towards extreme irrelevance.
Not even after seeing its not a simple door that they will kick down and catch him before he can react
why r they digging their own grave ...
A day late but I have a relevant answer so here it goes :
Olives, they fucking stink
IN FUCKING 1974 IN A CIVILIZED GODAMN EUROPE
there is a way, if euro becomes inflated,aka Greece prints some euros so it get stabilised.Its not imposible, Dragi has a program that countries print money for invesment reasons,many countries are in but greece is out because it still negotiates the dept terms still right now...maybe if we are lucky we could get in just in time
I think most cold countries/regions
Me included
Don't know if it's poetic or not but usually in the army or old ppl call them καλλιοπες from the muse Calliope
Thx for sharing fam
Personally, I don't think they're bad
Lol
That's a lie that's actually easy to believe because it's fascinating.
Wine + Liquor only sold from dispensaries...
[Zorbas Dance] think that's what it's called)
A chore that may take 10mins somewhere else may take 2h in Athens cause of commute etc
BTW I think that this show is also very good for adults
[This Pharmacy in Piraeus looks pretty cool]
A few smaller parades (infantry units) when a town celebrates its liberation on other dates.
There is a word to describe any feeling or idea
It would be very, very odd if someone pointed this out as being weird in my country
In greek the word "παϊδάκια" translates to "ribs" while the word "παιδάκια" translates to "children". So you imagine how hilarious it seems when a restaurant's menu says that it serves "children".
He is not stupid, he knows the limits to the game although he keeps pushing the boundaries with his attempt at creating a pseudo royal dynasty with his family.
Actually I am already Canadian.
What happened to the bucket
not sure if this counts but we see Ancient Greece and Alexander the Great's Macedonia as our Greatest times in history, it's hard to live up to those days
[This] is just a league derby
Some people say it's a linguistic term.
Some of them not european, most of them members of the "international jet set".
I can't help thinking that what started as a way to safeguard the Eurozone, has become a punishment for voting a leftist goverment in.
I'm from Greece
AMAs need to be verified (with the moderators) to ensure legitimacy, quality and audience.
A fascist idiot being ridiculed while talking pompously is the kind of shit I like to see in this sub.
She was a descendant of the Greek Lagid family.
First of all to meet the NATO agreement.
Chinese government is on the way  to Belarus
If you want cheap and tasty food then just locate the nearest kebab place and enjoy your 5-10 euro meal :)
However, I know for a fact that in many regions here, especially mountainous, it snows a lot
People will start thinking if they really need it or not
Greeks feel close to Italy and the Iberian countries Spain and Portugal, the countries you listed are not similar with us
And for winter anything less than 10⁰C.
Unusual answer but the Persian wars (500BC) was the first time the Hellenic people fought together against a common threat
Who was the girl
Iphigenia in Tauris
I remember watching an episode on Mega Engineering (show on the Science Channel) on how they built this from the ground-up
Exactly, with a public debt and your own currency, you're biggest debtor is your own people, similar to Japan or the US
Who knows
Noise
Wow that's a very well written and wholesome answer
Greece also loses the small coastal town of Parga  since it was a part of the Venetian Republic
Americans:
I'm not even in some obscure suburb of Athens, it's just an absolute aeon to get where I'm going for some reason
I'm with you on this one, but in the context that there would still be some basic rules so that the language each region speaks would still be identified as English
I share the hope, but I doubt it.
Fuck them
I have always wondered why there are so many fans here.
For a whole month I had to google convert everything to metric
They live in Katowice and are no weirdos.
I'd actually agree with you on that
Footing isn't really used here ( as far as I know) and meeting may refer to a formal appointment in general like in business convention not just for political stuff
I was confused about private schools and colleges
We shouldn't automatically give publicity to this dumbo.
I guess its how you learn it then.
Ancient Greek is a mandatory school subject for two years in Greek Lyzeum (which is the equivilant to the German Gymnasium), so no, there's no way avoiding it
* Tupper (from Tupperware) for plastic containers used for storing food
It's this homey feeling that a soup creates, which make it impossible not to love it, regardless of what it's made of
Αη ντόουντ νειντ γιορ λακ
I have yet to see someone in Greece celebrating the srebrenica genocide
In Greece -Τελετέ Μπούκουρα- (a greek funeral service) has towels for the beach that looks like a coffin
Both him and I forget words in our languages, sometimes we substitute them with words from the other languages but yes it's so embarrassing
There's more Greek restaurants in the UK than British restaurants (what
Didn't he suicide by cop
That's what y'all get for having "skat" as a word of endearment
"Angela, I would like one day to fuck you on a penthouse
Greek was a language in which both Bibles were written
They don't have the military or global influence the US does.
It was no exception, all the cafes were like that
Its Polish bro,made during the Cold War.
Which I guess translates as Herakles' city
Red: Math
Pap smears from George Papanikolaou and according to wikipedia caller ID
People used to avoid taxes for greed, now you avoid taxes to survive.
BTW about your previous question " Do you guys expect Americans to be white or black or are Hispanics more familiar now
I know we're not as tolerant to cold as our northern bros, but the people above saying jacket at 20 had me going crazy
Dimitri is most common in Greece and Slavic nations
I know enough as not to mess with a Portuguese on how to enjoy bacalhau ;)
Check before you speak, rusky pleb...
Apparently for Estonians Greece and Cyprus are the same country..
He didn't smoke it, he ingested it
In Greece it's called a "σκονάκι" (skonáki - /s̠ɡ̥o̞ˈnɐci/)
I have absolutely no problem either, thing is that you implied that Greeks look Arabic and that's plainly wrong.
So fascinating
The post-brexit UK will be a kitty and the US its owner
Εμμανουήλ Ροΐδης, 1836-1904, Greek writer
BTW How do Americans view the people who immigrate to their country
What is the definition of fascist, according to you?
The real reason for the earthquakes was just announced by the [Turkish media]
There's a story about it which has Pan causing panic to the Persians in the battle of Marathon
Just as many others who took part in this war, notably Lord Byron, Lodewijk van Heiden, Edward Codrington, Henri de Rigny, Thomas Cochrane and [more]#/media/File:List_of_Philhellenes.JPG).
Then we have a really bad marketing
I would say it's the other way round
If you drove through there in the middle of the night, and heard some animal cry or howl, or the sudden gust of wind through the trees, I bet you will forget you're a person living in the 21st century, and all the creepy Irish folklore will have come back to life and haunt you
Edit:The moment it was announced to the crowd
Because it's a fact
This caused a series of events that eventually led to the defeat of Greece in the Asia Minor Expedition, and the deaths of millions of Anatolian Christians
maybe gyros with tzatziki
*There are also French and German lessons while Spanish is on the rise
Keep in mind, some taxes are payed through utility bills (ex
Which word from your native language you wish could translate perfectly in English but doesn't?
Unfortunately I don't think Greece is the market for these items unless you count refrigerators
Source:
Yeah, problem is, we have yet to find a realist to vote for.
They were all part of Yugoslavia
"When you get on your way to Ithaca (Odysseus's homeland),
I honestly feel like it literally happens as often as the opposite, it has become a 50/50 split
You killed them
I know it was used by the Karamanlides to write the Turkish language, and Wikipedia suggests a few other occasions Greek script was used for writing other languages ( [ ), but no other language uses it today afaik
they also have tax police on the borders, port police, local police, forest police
At least they got the continent right
Even having a small knife is considered illegal and you will be charged like having an actual gun
I'll often cheer for Italy as well
In the Industrial district Asprópyrgos (west Attica) there is a kind of common problem of Gypsies stopping and stealing trucks (has happened to two of my dad's colleagues but they didn't manage to get the trucks)
ROMANI ITE DOMUM
First snowfall 230km south of Sofia, didn't do nothing.
Like someone cntrl+v a pattern for a geocities website.
small villages in islands in greece with 3 children
It is not about how much more population does LA have.
lmfao @ Tsipras
We say no by making  a "ts" sound (kinda)
That's because you haven't visited Greece lol
Well this is the dillhema that always arises in this context for example in the cheap clothing discussion
meh
I just saved it in my favorites
Trump bought his way through education, there's former associates of his claiming he doesn't know jack-sh\*t on many subjects, he just pays associates most of the time to do the thinking for him (though I think that's apparent from the crazy yiayia+taxi driver bs he'd spout for the virus)
The campaign to expand to Turkey about 100 yrs ago, aheemmm
Greek one's also fine
Y'all need unions
Especially the ones in which there is often drama like Italy, Spain and Poland
I just tried to explain why op might have thought that, btw they wrote on another comment that it was a joke
Of course a Turk whose culture comes from Mongolia wouldn't know about all these, but you can read this (if you learn how to read in your "country"): #Identity
Pro-government people are the overwhelming majority in Turkey.
Maybe an equivalent of Uber
No, you're thinking of which includes those ones (and which is also a diagram I made)
Greece at 20°C: "It's kinda chilly today, let's wear a jacket
It's lungs, liver and spleen wrapped with intestines and people go nuts about it
The perpetrators, who were Greek citizens, fled to Romania (their considered 'homeland') where they were convicted by Romanian communist courts of fascist collaboration
So because we tried to reign in the the state tv and state news agency
The popular series "Friends" is translated as Φιλαράκια or "The buddies" in Greek instead of just "friends".
Wow he speaks Greek almost like a native.
The court will issue a landmark verdict on whether the neo-Nazi Golden Dawn party elected in parliament from 2012 to 2019 operated as a criminal organization
The ministry of education has made it standard to use Cisco webex for web conferencing and a custom made platform for asynchronous  tasks, such as assignments(which works 100% of the time, only some of the time)
We have the same in Greece, it's called "Have-a-bite Thursday"! We have big barbecues instead of eating sweets and eat a ton of meat
What is this whimsical place
[Zorbas Dance] think that's what it's called)
“I’m sure they’ve finally realized their God is dead
He's overlooked
Starting with religion (which is a huge thing)
But he is not right wing in general.
Do you also cook your pasta so al dente in Finland
Jokes on you
When meeting with world leaders, Trump always looks like he has no idea what he's doing there.
Sincere question, would it be controversial to say Alexander was greek
I've visited plenty of times, Campania, Apulia and southwards and heard it every time, never heard it in Venice, Florence and Milan though
I've always wanted to betray my country
I see the spirit of Heracles is alive in those anatolian lads
We have some crazy stories about alien origins that I am too ashamed to even joke about
I think the situation varies depending on intensity and frequency.
because you know throwing all of your problems to russia while sliding under the desk some very questionable laws only can carry you for so much..
Honestly, I don't think our government has any substantial power over the region, they just do their own thing, have their own rules (ex
The lighthouse was first built in 1897 just off shore from a castle in Andros.
''Welcome to hell motherfuckers''
Claiming that Gavdos is disputed is beyond ridiculous.
They were supported by the government as far as I know.
Clean your garden before you talk about your neighbor's
To be fair it sounds like a made up name and I also thought that it is a made up name as a little kid
If that's the case at least you know it, also if that's the case would it be rude if you asked them if they are done with the pen
She's been practically brainwashed by her mother
Embraces nationalism, Grexit, pro Russian, anti abortion, anti LGBT
It's kinda odd unless it's a National Holiday ( 28 October, 25 March ) , but even then, it's not that common
I don't know form what part of Greece is he but up here in the north every time Serbia is need we rush to their help.
I wish Germany became aggressive with Federal EU plans and started campaigning their ideas around Europe to see the reaction, I honestly think it would be an overall positive reaction.
The word καινούργιο means new in English and etymologically it is derived from words καινό and έργο (kaino ergo) which literally translates to recent act
250 is only for a Bachelor degree
It's rumored he was very compassionate about his soldiers, but really fucking stupid when it came to their needs
I didn't know Erdogan was a SJW.
τόνος = ton (weight unit)
We joke about Albanians and the fact that some of them steal things
-Virna, are you trying to say that you have a lover
Like how do these people live there when the average temperature is below -10 °C ?
Here we start taking English in 1st grade and another language in 5th grade (usually German or French, some people do Italian or Spanish)
Yo thanks for this, I was going to make the same remarks from the other side
I used to drink the tinned milk at my grandma's house when I was little and I'd sometimes put it in my coffee as a young adult
exactly like that actually
No problem, I understand
Tax avoidance leads to more taxes which in turn leads back to less tax payers.
It's an amazing crime thriller, and, in my opinion, Greece's best production so far
Also by googling i found this
>on Italian carcasses
Like it a lot as a 21 year old
That we are poor
Do Hungarians actually buy the "Soros is behind everything we disagree with" crap
I never said that the the christian Cypriots are more Cypriots than the muslims
Many Greeks have tripe soup as a hangover remedy
Although the majority of the population follows the Orthodox church, I think younger people (younger than 30-35 ) are mostly atheist/agnostics
Passerbys often get a free souvlaki :)
I mean at least give us Constantinople
Somewhere I couldn't even understand what they were saying
And I thought we were corrupted
\- Aris Velouchiotis (leading figure of the Greek resistance during the occupation of Greece in WW2)
They never provide any specific argument to defend it, except for the "we wuz" sentiment , but I've always thought it was a bizzarre belief.
But the one every single Greek absolutely knows is [this one] from the third siege of Messologhi from the revolution of 1821
From the Byzantines I'd say Constantine the Great, the pair Justinian-Theodora, Basil II and Constantine XI are the most famous
Thank you Turkey for the coffee and narghile, thank you Bulgaria for doing most of the hard fighting during the Balkan Wars, thank you North Macedonia for cevapcici and ajvar which I hope to one day see in a Greek restaurant, thank you Albania for having the chillest migrants in Greece
The sauce in this dish must be very tasty, judging by its ingredients and preparation method
6 years of elementary school, 3 years of gymnasium and 3 years of Lyceum ( I think they are called junior and senior high school in English)
10\^6 = εκατομμύρια
Glad to see the locals enforce that
I am not afr
(lol plastic skin is thin innit)
Why did English drop ð and æ? I can understand dropping æ in favour of a simple a in place, but why ð? It's more compact than "th".
&#x200B;
Gavdos island
We eat a lot of potatoes so I wouldn't say so on our part at least
Its so fucking cringy when Europeans do this
It would be better to ask a Turk i guess.
Macedonians already live in Macedonia, what are you talking about
What's "funny" is that it is supposed that this (a true union) was the target all along.
I find it surprising that nobody has said Greek considering that we use an entirely different alphabet
If you think there is no racism in Europe, get out your house
Some Nazi collaborators may have been slain by the resistance factions during ww2 but as Greece shifted immediately to the civil war - the first of cold war proxy wars- those nazi collaborators were assimilated by the right wing resistance army (heavily supported by Britain) in the war against the communist resistance army (mildy supported by communist balkan states)
I said "separatists", not "THE separatists".
They put half their country in a basket of deplorables, because rednecks are the one group that you can always ridicule with impunity[2].
How can the country invent something by itself
Propably die in the Greek revolts tbh
Less than 1 in 10 is about right
>“The whole thing”, spits Dr Gerolymatos, “was for nothing
Of course I'll mention the ancient Greeks influencing the Western culture, languages, architecture, sciences, philosophy, astronomy, mathematics etc
4) Gun and ammunition control is ridiculous, but we still don't have as many gun crimes as other European nations(if any Greek question me on this, I am from Crete)
Ultras in Greece turn violent regardless of sport or class
No it was **the best** mate
In a Superman comic, Superman was able to read almost all medical books in existence within a few seconds and a minute later, he performed a complex surgery on a person
I enjoy tutorial Ireland and raiding vikings
That and the awkward moment of having to describe some item or tool/utensil in one or the other language
It's like the Florida of Greece
Farmer's Markets are absolutely essential where I live
Yeah I have seen such ads
And it's only in the modern era, when Crete finally became a part of the modern Greek state, that it's earliest known name had been restored to what it is now: Heraklion
Extra curricular classes, projects, contests?
Thanks
They have no relations with the city and it's obvious that they use that "Orthodoxy" bullshit just for the reason you said, to have access in the Mediterranean.
I wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for immigration
100% feared for my life and would never visit a romanian road again
Because we are idiots like that.
Its a running gig that if something unlikely to happen, people will say "I will happen when the metro of Thessaloniki finishes". Current projections say that will be around 2024
Thessaloniki was Greek hundreds of years before it was captured by Bulgaria
For example Capodistrias role in creating the Swiss federal state structure
One thousand - one
Yes but their descent is mostly from Anatolia and the Caucasus.
Well not many early Roman ones but the Other day I went to a monastery built sometimes between 1000 and 1200 in Eastern Rome (aka Byzantium)
and obviously a lot of Turkish ones have their original name in Greek for example
I support Cyprus also Italy, Spain and the other Southern/Mediterranean European countries
I felt so nice being able to understand some Spanish when I was in Spain thanks to my Italian and I feel so sorry I quit studying German when I was younger because it seemed very difficult
She sure should
I guess the actual solution to this would be to discourage people from using their cars to come into the city center
You can find more about it [here]
Europe once had the resources to provide such a structure (super-inflated pensions, social welfare, free healthcare etc) both through strategic advantages vs the rest of the world and because young folks contributed to social security funds
How is BH south***eastern*** but Slovakia and Hungary central
Pretty much all of our national heroes are considered villains in at least one of our neighboring countries, especially Turkey
Edit: "ενδυναμώνουν" (endinamonun) for example has all e,i,a,o,u sounds, just many consonants in between (...for Greek standards)
It depends on a variety of factors
I'm guessing it's a couple of thousands of protesters at most versus millions of bored voters, sooooo the result is going to be predictable
In other words EU says we will give you funds to recover from the pandemic only if we like you
I'll admit I haven't heard that one haha
Me looking at Greece first
I know its a drag filling the Greek islands with color but thats exactly what gives a certain neighbor funny ideas /s
71 is evdomída-éna
Does he tweet in Greek or something ?
He's an ex PM of ours that at some point delivered a speech in English using entirely Greek loanwords
What a nice usage of tax money
So the result is, people from countries who hadn't contained the virus well at all, started coming to Greece and then the new cases started going up by the day, it's at somewhat 50+ new cases a day now and it's gonna get worse
Its such a obvious false narrative
It is mostly seen as a police department trying to raise revenue or when a bar has really went overboard and they are sweeping semi conscious adolescents from the streets.
I think that this applies to church going people who are extremely religious .
Germany‘s respect for rules
Yeah seriously
Also: ^^gib ^^Asia ^^Minor ^^clay
Out of curiousity i just want to see how far are you willing to go in order to justify the wrongdoings of your country.
I always had people thinking I'm not Greek (redhead, fair skin) but because of that they now really think I'm a foreigner
Its hotter in france than italy Greece and Spain
Both words have Greet roots so I am ok :)
You are right, but I wasn't the most attending when these school events happened so my knowledge is limited
In other news, water is still wet , studies show.
Therefore agnosticism is a "default" position of sorts
In Greece the percentage is **a lot higher** than 2%.
They had a great product of fresh fish and they ruined it with butter, spices and peppers
They're just an Indo-european population that has being there for centuries
Everyone living in Athens is allowed to look down to every other city since we're living un the biggest, history richest city, in which we have a metro unlike other cities - **Looking at you, Thessaloniki** - and can brag about it
Cause he's the prime minister
I'm genuinely asking
I'm from Thessaloniki, northern Greece , and during mid July up until late August the temps are 38+. The wind doesnt really help in my experience
*That* is disingenuous
Exact same
96% of Opium world production is from Afghanistan.
Really
To be honest, Maggie de Block is highly respected everywhere but inside the medical institutions
One of the common types of cannabis can be smelled really far away because it has almost the exact same chemical components of a skunk spray
Even though I speak danish now (well sort of) this was one of the first things I learned to say in danish
Imagine if Occitanie declared independence from France under the name of Catalonia.
He just wanted to show everyone how stupid people look when they smoke
If we count as balkan countries, I also agree that both are important, considering the common history, and the huge parts of it which were the byzantine and ottoman times
he managed to not get arrested (and executed)
To risky just for a few days off.
I am like 15 years younger than you and I am perfectly adapted to this situation,  I think the people who are less adapted are the people who are old as you said but younger than 70 maybe, because as you said young people are more comfortable with technology etc and  old people are used to stay at home
Regularly an hour to an hour and a half lately
Jean Reno will never marry you with that attitude
They won't settle for super-low-wages, they leave the country instead.
> The Greeks got themselves in that situation by not paying taxes
Please no use the asanser for more of 4 persons
We share lots of history, mythology, and even modern day cultural aspects (especially western regions of Greece), plus the phonology of (modern) Greek is entirely based on Latin, and it all started with them defeating us ~2150 years ago
Only if you have a generous amount of oil in exchange for that F R E E D O M
The Byzantine Empire at its greatest extent in AD 555 under Justinian the Great
Because at least it accounts for how many people actually drive.
can confirm
The bulk of the opposition is not progressive or really pro-democratic
Besides that though, Greeks and Turks are very similar, at some regards almost identical and the fact that the Greeks are European and the Turks are not, means European is only a geographical term and nothing more than that
That it is a phonemic language
I'm not his greatest fan, but he isn't...
Thank you
You joke but that was basically his father whom he admires
Propably from polonisation during the time of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth
- go to skiladika (doghouses, big halls with live greek music)
A lot of people, even if they have no pets, leave out cat/dog food in a bowl and also water in another bowl
I used to be proud for my country but since the Economic Crisis not so much
I support Cyprus also Italy, Spain and the other Southern/Mediterranean European countries
Lol thank you fellow Greek
if I were a bank
No need to get wound up over that.
>He was Dutch, he wasn't acclimated to the Greek alphabet or the language's intricacies
Ancient Greek and Greek words are used nowadays to describe many of these sciences and terminologies in all sciences
Yeah I've barely been bitten by any this year
I do not understand how we are below Poland, our press has issues true, but there is nothing even close to the blatant propaganda machine of TVP
I think I wouldn't have a problem with German when it comes to travelling
We also have University entrance exams and it is very likely that attempting to get into law, medicine, electrical engineering or in the army my lead to irrepearable damage to your psyche
Turkey better not ask for NATO's help
A dry and breezy 5°C (or 30°C) can feel great in a sweater and a hat (or t-shirt and shorts)
No other statues, no paintings
And no, I don't think you should abort your child if you get raped
But in some situations it might be okay
[Link to original cartoon]
If you kids want to party you should go to either the Greek Islands or ibiza.
I personally try to avoid logos, but small logos that aren't too on the nose like a small ralph lauren logo in the corner of your shirt isn't a big deal, almost everyone wears shirts that might have a small non-intrusive logo
That said, I totally feel your pain, I passed through the same shit myself with the national exams
remind me often how dangerous the big evil world will be, if I dare to leave
low effort post
It's Greek, so it should be /r/notthekoulouri
People who think that you are still nazis are hypocrites or just dumb or just extremely uninformed and out of touch with reality
I left Greece 7 years ago and still to this day I get sad when I realise the country that once upon a time promoted science, medicine and democracy now promotes extreme ideologies, lack of education and a tendency to believe that we are the best in world and everyone else is wrong when we clearly have failed over and over again for many decades to achieve even smallest level of healthy growth and development
do you live in an area with high criminality or it was "bad luck"?
**Wedding rituals**, the  **procession with candles on Good Friday** was taken from eleusinian mysteries (we only know a few things about them), we also still have **lament song in funerals** although now it's rare; my grandma had asked to have the traditional/ancient 3 day funeral with professional lament singers from Mani region and they came and 'cried' for her and sang the songs about Hades and all (it was so fucking cool), we also have the **evil eye** from 6th century BC and the ways of 'eliminating' it, we have the **burning of Judas** on easter, **Ηλιούγεννα (sunbirth)** which was our Xmas, **koliva** a mixture of barley, pomegranates, wheat, nuts, raisins etc that is given in funerals and every time they commemorate the dead, **putting a golden coin under the head of the dead so they can cross river Styx** (we did that secretly from the priest or else he could get so pissed off he could refuse to burry the dead), **απόκριες (carnival)**, **carols**, **blessings**, and a gazillion other things, ouf
can u help us
Contrary to most of the north european answers, I would say people in Greece are closer to the anglophone understanding of those phrases
There is a website which gradually draws the gastronomic map of Greece
The capital Z is written Z (the same as the latin Z)  and the lower z is written ζ , but I have seen it written as cursive z. As far as I know it's written without a line
Just say what you actually plan to do, makes things easier for everyone involved
There are liberals in Russia too.
Well I am not up to date with our foreign relations, so there is that.
It would spare many many lives of refugees and make people feel that there is a fair system.
The annoying part is the early spring though because one day it could be t-shirt temperature and the next could be full coat temperature
Surprisingly though, the biggest problem when someone tries to speak BE (again as a non native) is not picking up the accent, but distinguishing the words and expressions that are common in BE
You got it right for Ancient Greek
So it's anyone's guess if these languages were Indo-European, Semitic, but there have been found inscriptions of a Tyrrhenian language in Lemnos which matches with ancient records of a Pelasgian pre Greek language being spoken there so who knows again if it's related to that
Back then the empire was indeed called Eastern Roman Empire however the majority of its population was greek
Πάω στον θρόνο (I'm going to the throne)
Didn't Copenhagen make more sense as a capital when Denmark had control over the southern Swedish provinces
There is no way to justify that and they were rightfully dismantled after the war
P.S I don't live in Norway
Its construction started in the 80s and latest estimates say it will be opened in 2023
Source: live in America
Mostly religious and conservative but there is also a big percentage of more leftist people
Greek people really hate being patronized and dictated what to do and not to do, so the anti-German sentiment skyrocketed and the Nazi parallels were unavoidable
The Patras dialect is considered somehow aggressive, but nice
I like mochaccino, even though I usually don't drink coffee
**GREECE:**
Don't know why you're being downvoted.
EDIT:
Nationalists paint it as a constant horror show and use that narrative as an excuse to not like all sorts of minorities and foreigners and so on
" That's how our guide welcomed us in the synagogue
Papas means priest
V4 countries: "I told you so" .
Time to introduce a Muhammed caricature drawing contest on r/europe
It is definitively common
It really depends on your perspective
They used to have muse statues at omonoia square, that's where it comes from
It has many flavors,  Cherry, Orange, lemon, Mastiha, cranberry
Sfela
if i was Denmark, i would be more careful mocking the "chosen one" :)
I see all the people flocking to the UK for the food
[Nice]
I side with Athens on this one
Emphasis on ***all***, and the EU is just an example of those blamed
I'm from a cellphone, do you know how do I do this?
Nusra main training camps and headquarters are in Eastern Turkey.
So we pick them up and leave
From all the stupid shit the world has copied from the Americans, this is the stupidest shitest
How is our generation supposed to afford housing seriously
*Technically* the revolt first started a bit earlier with the town of Kalamata falling to the Greeks the 23th of March so it was yesterday
Many times when I see someone saying stuff like "How y'all doing" or "Howdy" I think of them as Americans from the South
What is its texture like
I find myself cheering for Italy, Spain , Portugal often
Thank you for suggesting us
And honestly, do you have any sources that Greeks wanted to remain occupied by the Turks?
Taking his advice, Franco was asking absurd things from Hitler in order to join, knowing that he could not give them to him
It's the people's culture
Center left once more but less progressive or left wing than Syriza
I thought it was akin to phrases such as πρώτον, δεύτερον, etc
Did they renovate the background buildings aswell
You add a "tsi" in front of every syllable
I think it would have a major impact on the upcoming operation barbarossa
weasel (νυφίτσα) = little Nymph
> Asshole is Perseauk Türa lits ära pillu minuga
The Turks are burning a lot of bridges.
What a cesspool
That being said, most people prefer "fresh" milk, which has to be kept in the fridge both in store and at home and will last anywhere from a week to a month depending on it's pasteurization
We would climb trees and claim them as our own and naming them (the best will for ever be Black scorpion) and find random wood planks and stuff and build small houses
Don't tell me you can find a better paradigm from that
Hillary literally alienated whites.
Kids take English* at school and go to the evening English private schools (φροντιστήρια)
Παρόλα αυτά, πτυχίο παίρνεις από όλα, οπότε μετράει.
Just the ones out the top of my head that are amazing and pretty much nobody outside greece knows
But I'm not really sure we do
"Hero" doesn't mean being Leonidas or Horatio Nelson
You would find it a joke iff someone told you 10 years ago that soon a person will be elected after saying that the US may not protect some NATO members.
Ο Ήλιος: male
You just revealed the secrets of your country
They just represent some variable
Danzig or War
Bringing up India in a thread about the Ottoman Empire
Although they are often characterized as left wing, I  would describe party' policies mostly as center left
You think it is having some kind of "desired effect", it's not.
You just made me realise I don't know the difference between a pigeon and a dove either
I'm really sorry with these news my Croatian friends
Are you afraid to go outside at night
It's basically impossible to do anything productive from May to September because of the heat
Even if we lose a few islands it's ok, we'll take them back"
Maybe living in salt water on the coast
My girlfriend loves Stockholm's modern art museum, but I haven't been there)
And she made this trajectory gesture
I always root with the opponent of Spain and Germany
Most of these examples though don't charge 50 euros for a salad
I have to say
Certainly though the man had a way with words
Plus I think that  there was a conflict over a dog
I'd thought it was from the eu.
*"We are awesome and Germany is the devil"* ugh..
If you come, go to local restaurants that are not seen easily by the tourists
Definitely a really defining period
The welfare state is funded by capitalism.
Most young people don't drink ouzo
Fan of liver here
I'm trying to learn czech because I moved to the czech rep
The british had a lot more time to process this.
Excuse me why did you take your shoes off at school
I'm just sad they don't have souvlaki where I moved, and that everything tastes like crap over here.
Here you go then
Racist Europe and welcoming US?
Some of the hardest ones, though, are Pontic, Cretan, Cypriot and Tsakonian.
I need to go there
over here there's no such thing as too private lmao
Lol ok
It is becouse of a us backed turkish invasion of cyprus after they attempted union.
He has gathered a bunch of rich elitist artists and expects to create a movement.
30 τριάντα (trianta)
Movement for change: Used to be known as PASOK
Everyone says that they want firm control of the *European* borders.
This is all tiresome,and disingenuous
Fellow Greek
It was part of the wider Soviet famine of 1932–33, which affected the major grain-producing areas of the country.
Edit: I never claimed it's a good beer, everyone calm down
I get confused as Spanish many times while I am Greek.
i'd say the climate produces more warm and happy people but i don't know at the same time
You'd be really impressed by how many of these words are Greek
αυτο ακριβως ειπα
Plenty of people will now say that they're above and beyond it but then Germany goes and does something new that we dislike and it all comes back
That's bank credit score not social credit score
Sometimes, they can even be nasty about it ("Don't touch someone from Ptolemaida
I live there and it's nice
You are spot on about the cram schools (I didn't even know they are called that in English).
ahh yes . History repeats itself once again
Sure, I tend to pay VAT and not take under the table deals, as is my moral imperative to help the valiant, if imperfect, efforts of our current governing party
Joke's on them, Liechtenstein is one of the very few countries in Europe that reached their greatest extent and *preserved it* to this day.
-shipping (Port of Pireaus is like one of the largest in Europe)
Ok, I'll do my part for Greece even tho I am not the best person for it as I am not religious
Look all these retarded ppl that think this is something good
lol
Always apply sun cream often during the summer and while under the sun, it's literally a life saver !!! But all in all I totally get you
Greek primary budget surplus for 2016 to be over 7.5 billion euros, nearly twice the EU mandated target
They're just uneducated
Someone should do an Athens one
I don't know if you know Tsipras (former Prime Minister of Greece) ... Won't say more, [I'll let the man speak for himself]
Exactly, you are right, good point
Very common
most of our delegation is not listed in the vote for some reason
1946 civil war
That is one of the flaws of universal healthcare.
Οταν γινεσαι μελος κανεις δηλωση ποσα βγαζεις κ σου βαζουνε μια μηνιαια συνδρομη ταριφα για τα εξοδα της εκκλησιας. Τα κτηρια τους μοιαζουνε σαν mall παρομοια με ΙΚΕΑ κλπ.
Plus, we'd get to make fun of the Erasmian accent, since the modern accent is actually closer to classical accent than his try according to scholars
My first encounter with English was when I was 7 or 8 years old, when My brother bought an Amstrad computer
>tragedies are the hardest texts to translate
but for some reason the average teen know how to pirate games and use microsoft office
* Thrace: Diverse, *tooooo* weird, multi-cultural, peculiar cuisine
If you are in Greece to have fun, party, etc you go to these places but if you are here to see the ancient monuments, museums, etc you go to continental Greece.
It turned out a school near ours was also having a school trip to Venice at the same time
Also telling me that my and my clildrens lives will be screwed because Germany cannot reach an agreement with the IMF is not an option for me.
I was speaking with some Turks who said that in school they're taught that Greeks loved living under the Ottoman Empire and only rebelled because they were brainwashed by the western powers which is, certainly, a take I had not heard before
Personally I was between liberal and green
Good thing I never saw it then
Damn you azerty keyboard
Holy fuck, that's depressing
When you're going out: Take a jacket with you
This guy was awesome
It's very hard to find a job in Greece without knowing at the very least English
ΑΣΤΕΡΙΞ ΚΑΙ ΟΜΠΕΛΙΞ
Wow
As a concerned neighbour, what is the opposition's stance on Greece
And no, eating at the local mall is not an option!
All this long tirade about "nazis"
Those lyrics, see, make use of both of words
The South will rise again
You forgot Alexis Tsipras
I'm a bit of an exception to most Europeans.
SEMIzombified, thank-you-very-much...
I actually just read their sure again and they are writing " fresh milk, from the farms if Thessaloniki and Macedonia directly to your glass "
Guess its only serious when important coutries take some of the heat too
" To which the students said French was more comfortable to them but they were happy with English
A year later, I joined the military and most American Vehicles in our army were are using imperial measurement system and to this day this is something that pisses me off
At first I thought the same too, but then I noticed that they had included Russia which is Orthodox
There are also some right wing Junta sympathisers that like it cause they only see the "economy good and communists pawned" part, phrases like "but the Junta built roads" and "you were sleeping with the house unlocked" have become kind of a joke to mock sympathisers because they use them this often
I think it's Tsipras and his populist ideology, but still, he is not liked anyway.
We're quite the international team, so opinions greatly varied
I guess that  but in Greece nothing really
if you completely ignore history sure, if you don't you gona find all our governments have been puppets for our owners starting with a Bavarian king with a british a french and a Russian political party followed by a british king with a french a german and a russian party in all the way to WW2 when we get bombed by our allies to force a british king on us followed by a junda that exterminated anyone our owners deemed a threat after we got a referendum to get rid of the king...
What does that have to do with the discussion we're having?
Yes, thank you
Eksi(6)
Next biggest that isn't well known is Ioannina with about 160k population
personally i can't find any downsides to this
Don't forget that the PC will make any room that it inhabits instantly like an oven
There are a few that I like
oh come on man, haven't you ever slipped and fell in some asshole dick first?
This is the order commonly cited in the news when referencing numbers pertaining to national finances, so there really is no common confusion about what it means
Sorry, I had to pull out the big guns
We basically call it "The Poor Man's Caviar".
Επισης, ευτυχως που ειχαμε τους Αγγλους και τους Αμερικανους στο πλευρο μας και δεν κυβερνησε ποτε ο κομμουνισμος στην Ελλαδα.
Idk I didn't find it interesting.
We also have something in our books about throwing shoes at Mussolini
The only guest visits that I've ever been to where everyone kept their shoes on were very formal visits.
The similarities between Greece and Romania on topics like this really show how toxic the eastern orthodox church is
Macedonia and the islands are the two most hardcore nationalist places in greece, like Odessa(I think) is for ukraine.
Wars,history and europe(the lady the continent got its name from)
For example, the Dodecanese which we got back only after the second World War
We also have KFC here in Greece, that's an advancement, I guess
No backing in Cyprus, no backing in Imia-Kardak, no backing after decades of violating international law, Greek airspace, our EEZ and territorial waters.
Koine Greek, the common Greek from Jesus' time (so 50AD) I recognize most words in sentence and make out the meaning most of the time, only tried reading it in the Bible but I'm biased maybe because I know the way things are phrased in the Bible
He is a billionaire, right
But I also drink plenty of water
) but that's it
I've done a course and before covid had a private tutor weekly
Can someone from Poland why you don't like te ruling party
screenshot pls
Στου διαόλου τη μανα (at the devil's mother)
With this, my brain just shut down and couldn't concentrate on the text after a while.
Greece is slowly preparing for a similar outbreak to Italy
Greece for example is both Balkan and Southern European Culturally somehow
I just found out there is a sub for this
Much love neighbour
My parents were born during the war my Dad became an orphan, or technically raised by his older sister
There you will see most if not all of the wall as it was at those times
Fun fact: There's no way to differenciate between "nt" and "d" or "mp" and "b" in greek writing and I think greeks generally have a terrible ear for discriminating between certain consonant sounds
When i was kid i thought most Russian women had red hair
Translation : Plz don't recognize Kosovo
We make a list and then it depends on our scores and on other students scores, so in reality you can end up in a department that wasn't your first or second choice
From ancient and mythical Greece we have iconic groups of warriors such as the Spartans, the Amazons, the Argonauts, the Myrmidons, etc
The only way to raise productivity is a push in technology oriented businesses, Greece will never be able to compete in manufacturing.
Definitely: "Do you expect me to smell my nails?" = How the hell am I supposed to know?
Goddamn I went there the other day and it was ultra far right, openly racist conspiracy theorist nutjobs
OK thanks
*^(Moskau, Moskau, wirf die Gläser an die Wand, Russland ist ein schönes Land
I visit Exarcheia for the last 8 years and, being a woman, **never** in my life have I felt threatened by anyone or anything.
I did but the music was usually either 90s pop or the classic children’s songs like μια ωραια πεταλούδα etc
[Cyprus]
The Sinn Fein is mostly caring about the rents that people that can barely make enough for living pay (which is good of course, but that is not the only problem with rents, because I can pay  it doesn't mean that I *should* pay that much), and are also almost completely ignoring the rents for students and other people around my age
It's one of the things the rest of us need to work on.
With night life being **the** way most young greeks "socialize" i'm often the one guy in my friend groups who is always like "nah, i'm good"
And if you go to the interior is like Iran or Afghanistan
Albanian sounds sooo different really.
Edirne= Andrianoupoli (Andrianos town)
Those are of the top of my head
Yep
Did they honestly had nobody outside checking the windows and other possible escape routes
Beautiful, colorful places with reasonable prices, nice food and there's everything for everyone
> Lolllll I was going to say Greece but I felt like I was going to be attacked by nationalists
Cheers
We have a saying in our language: whoever wants the many, loses the few
My parents took part in the [student uprising against the military dictatorship in 1973] Both of my grandfathers took part in the [resistance movement against Nazi occupation in the 1940s] My great grandfather took part in the [campaign for Asia Minor from 1919 to 1922] Earlier ancestors of mine have most definitely taken part in other national wars and campaigns since our history for the last 200 years is full of those
Be careful Europe, you're playing a dangerous game
Also, the antiamericanism was a usual attitude from Syriza (and Synaspismos previously) that was strongly expressed particularly during the annual march of 17th November.
I don't think there is a rule
I buy the milk refrigerated and I put it again in fridge when I go home
Germany: Sunburned tourists that wear socks with sandals
Also if you are not there or if the package does not fit the mailbox (which it's most times as we usually don't have the USA style) , the post man leaves a notice for you to pick it up from the office
Then the nazi occupation happened
These guys did nothing but glorify and worship SYRIZA and thoughtlessly reject all criticism and shamelessly attack critics, day in, day out
But i guess that generally for most people  isn't very common, like something that you do very often or on a regular basis
Serbian for sure
I think it was invented by Babylonians
Both Turkish and Greek are "default".
It may be due to desperation, but hate seems easier than reason these days, and I fear for my country if it gives more reasons to others to hate.
apparently i **should had** added the /s
In Switzerland we've read:
My first computer was an Amiga and although the documentation was in Greek, the ui was in English
It's similar to the Greek one
My suggestions mostly consist of the smaller northern ~~cities~~ towns, like Kavala, Kastoria, Edessa, Drama
Did they renovate the background buildings aswell
Saw the map while eating my souvlaki, but had a freddo capuccino in the morning and I don't think I'm all that racist.
Ο Ηλίος ( The Sun) male
When he eventually got out by crawling through broken glass, the owner of the jewellery store and a random bystander were there and they beat him to a pulp while he was in the ground in pain
Love this
The person is illegally in the country, so jailing him shouldn't be illegal?
Everything's overpriced in touristic areas
Because those where the candidates that the people voted for.
\- [this] wicks meant to float on a glass filled with olive oil, burned as a memorial for the deceased, either on their grave or in a corner of the house
We are not a problem for the EU but for the eurozone, the UK is a problem for the EU
In Greece we say Τσεχία (Czechia) almost always.
There is this Daveli cave (or cave of Penteli) which is said to have demons and stuff in it
When are we getting them in Rainbow 6 :Siege?
It's our superpower
Cyrillic
>too the Eagle's eye while his
Then she said they were muslims and inb4 shitfest.
They give birth to reactions like this: ''If you'd like to retrieve your precious gold/money/cheese or whatever, work with us or you're never gonna get it back'', that are also not constructive.
So what you're proposing is when trouble starts, shoot anyone that can't speak Czech well, or looks like a foreigner.
Obviously they take of their shoes when they want to lay in bed or on the couch even if they don't take them of while enetering their house
The logic behind it is if olive oil gets exported, it is branded, so the cans have the logo and graphics of the brand
They will die if left for a long time in space
Them 2 playas on the hill with the extra leg room tho
I wonder if he's bullshitting though, how close is turkey to join them.
I think that it should be taught in schools
Greece in 2021 will celebrate the 200 years since the Independence from Ottomans
We Greeks tend to order a lot when eating out (many appetizers in the middle for all to share, often along with main dishes for each individual)
Last night was awful, I agree, I couldn't sleep up until 12
It was VERY unfortunate event indeed
Türkiye <3
Most have had their pension cut multiple times in the past 10 years (and it will probably happen again)
Most likely not, the person I'm referencing was French(who massacred French civilians), from either Alsace or Lorraine and if I recall well, he died in the 70's of a natural death.
Switzerland : getting nice photos in Lake Luzern
Mayby that guy/girl is too young and he/she doesn't remember the 90s and who we did our best to support serbia.
[5] The helmet was misleadingly named as an "Illyrian" type due to many early finds coming from Illyria
As much as I want to travel around I can't imagine myself living anywhere else other than Greece so I'd just move to Heraklion (from a town near Athens)
The other side is very very comfortable :-(
People in this villages are mostly boomers
They sell us out, their own people, how will they take our sensitivities into account then
I'd take out the cross
On Easter on Resurrection Sunday
I'm really late to the party, but sometimes I'm surprised how much American culture has influenced our own here
Politically
Pros:Good Weather,Very good people,nice night life,fking amazing food
Georgios Grivas
It really depends on what you want though, if you just want an international luxurious experience with greek landscapes but lacking the greek culture experience etc
Our cities are not ugly, Athens is
this guy is literally trying to become a dictator, in his own mind he already has supreme control and rigging the election is a means to an end.
Lol ok
Oh wow
It’s insane
100% agree
The food market is great though , the restaurant also good .
Cause I only know how we and Macedonia view him, so dunno what's the global consensus
Any foray onto /r/canada will confirm how much anglo despise and hate francos (and natives, too).
We also have dozens of old mosques
I wasn't even aware that there was an anti-Norwegian barnevernet movement in Europe .
There's no Albanian secession movement in Greece.
I'd say it mostly has to do with your education/status/family orientation
My parents used to call me malakistíri when I was not behaving
He predicted in the 90s that there would be a backlash against muslims in the years to come.
Exactly
Definatelly backgammon
Don't forget greedy people
Tea with a couple sugar cubes, consumed 6-12 times daily is a bitch
Κόψε τον πολύ ΣΚΑΙ
Πως τους πετσοκοψες ετσι;
Constantine Kanaris tried, but failed to destroy the Egyptian fleet BY SAILING TO ALEXANDRIA AND FIRING AT THE PORT
Because I'm pretty sure such luxuries don't exist in public schools
” He boldly walked right next to his grandmother’s side and just as the priest said “may God bless your soul,” he bravely rebutted with “but there is no god to meet you in heaven
Poland has a lot more rich people than you think.
I think that it has to do with the availability of doctors, nurses , rooms , number of appointments etc
- πηγαίνω στα κυπαρίσσια (to go [under] the firs)
If it's not too sour, I think I'd like that
These words should never come out your mouth after someone you have met says "I am from Greece":
A month ago I learnt Nokia is finnish and not japanese
A far right  party (Greek solution) that took 3
The ancient and ''formal'' name for wine in Greek is ''Οίνος''.Which i imagine has the same proto-indoeuropean roots as the rest(most).
I haven't really researched the matter but the gust of it is
Apart from it, one could say we are the place that took the big hit of the immigrant waves coming in the EU with the goal to go to major European countries like Germany
I'm loving this game we're playing
Or what
Luxembourg,Finland,Italy,Spain,Greece
I agree
We sure like celebrating our victories here in the Peninsula, especially in football
Like how do these people live there when the average temperature is below -10 °C ?
It'd be lit
Thankfully, this does begin to change, especially as things are getting more clean with the effort of the new government and more returns for their taxes are becoming apparent, but it will take time
Hahaha I wish I could disagree with you but if I had to pick the smell of Athens during the summer it wouldn’t be too far off :(
MP like military police
Many say, that because we were able to counterattack the Italians and push them back, when they attacked us, Germany had to send a big proportion of its military divisions to fight Greece and thus prolonged the attack to Russia, making the Germans attack in the winter and thus helping Russians and the Allies win and buying time for the Russians to further mobilize before the attack
I am confused by the former Yugoslavian states
Albania of course
Creta is beautiful
I would very much like being part of a unified europe but this is not it
Tried to restore the Byzantines a couple times but it's too damn hard
very common, almost everyone does it and it's treated like a normal thing
I remember when we were out on the streets protesting, thinking we’d change something
After we took independence, people destroyed anything that reminded them of the Ottomans.
And whenever I say something about Germany or being born in Germany some people have this look in there face like this is very unpleasant for them, so to speak
What's your definition of Slavs?
So there are places like Chalkidiki after all
so they invaded crimea AND eastern ukraine..
But that's because it is very competitive
And because they were professionals they were better at doing a good job.
I haven't heard a name like this before
Warm: 30°C -- 35°C
...decided to kick Greece out of the EZ.
I know where you're coming from but I wouldn't touch a Serb with a 10 fr pole right now
actualy seen as both of you have forgoten or choose to misremember Greeks wanted no part of the bail outs at the start, try looking up the mass protests of 2009-10
Do you have the option of purchasing a cheap used car?
A basque singer, Izal, does that a lot noticeably in his songs
Fairy/Ava for dish detergent
That's beautiful but sad
Santorini
Also, everyone knows he got the job because his father's cousin's wife's sister-in-law knows (and occasional sleeps with) the boss
We’ve been struggling to build a metro line of a few kilometres in Thessaloniki because of this situation
Ι haven't see a city bus with a [conductor] for decades though , at least the 90s.
My German friends were crossing not even looking if a car is coming
You mad bro
It’s the transfer, I don’t even know how to pronounce them correctly in English
How long were you googling trying to find that
Don't get me wrong though, I understand your notion, but /r/place is supposed to be above politics
This surplus is a lie because 17 billion went to
In English I can know how a word is spelled if it's used in a sentence based on context
Apparently many foreigners feel disgusted till they try it (charcoal grilled is my favorite, but octupus in vinegar is great too) . But they act the same about squid too
As an ex-immigrant to the UK who is curious about social structures, it makes complete sense why you guys use these phrases
I use a knife or a pizza cutter, but that sounds like a nice idea, I might try it
Such as the [Nerieds] , the [Limnads] and others
Anything within 4 or even 5km I'll gladly walk, sometimes even more if it means avoiding long wait times and being shoved into a train or bus
Woman in the right :" is it still Tuesday ?"
It's not wrong to feel pride for something collectively achieved by his society/people.
maybe the rumors are  true
It's still used to describe someone who has betrayed you, especially if he did it behind your back
E.g. when you feel jealous of someone driving a nice car you are actively working in your life to maybe one day get it as well
>The more time passes, the more i find myself thinking we are laxist
"5-10-15-20-25
Forcing loans onto the country to the point where new loans were being used to pay old loans was a very poor economic decision in my opinion; it's like giving a higher interest credit card to someone in order to pay off other credit card debts.
The economy was massively affected as well, with so many new people coming in, women entering the workforce, the distribution of land and the revitalization of more remote areas, the introduction of new and improved farming methods etc
Good night to you too neighbour
Worst invention : Pizza with pineapple
Because you can't just say "have free elections" and expect everything to be all fine and dandy.
These people were essentially living in Southeast Europe where Romans mixed with the local people
At any point, Polydeuces and Castor are always called twins (though they're technically half-brothers), while Helen is Poly's only full-sibling
And keep staring until they get creeped out and leave
My uncle once tried a sugar-potato (krumplicukor) which is essentially potato with sugar
Fun fact: In greek volcanoes are called "Hephaestia" which roughly translates to "factories of Hephaestus"
If a woman were to march in with a really big gun or something
In Greek we use the word lose to say we have missed something
This is especially true with the new government that has been elected
My most usual breakfast is some kind of pastry thing (spanakopita, croissant, or whatever something along the lines of that) with greek/turkish coffee
People are having children in the camps, getting married, you know, life goes on.
Yeah I was talking about Athens, Northern Greece has a lot of snow.
It just seems that USSR imperialism never left Russia
Thessaloniki was Greek hundreds of years before it was captured by Bulgaria
We only have 5 in Greece :(
How can each development be worse and worse?
This is not making a lot of sense.
Also you can buy out your service when you are 33 for around 7000€.
Fake: Belgium doesnt exist
Konstantinos->Kotsos
Here's an example: My GF - who has a drivers license - can't drive because she's afraid of other people's insults and negativity while on the road if she makes a mistake.
The problem with the left, its been in the castle for so long, it has forgotten how to fight.
So Pasok fails to reach a deal so ND comes back accepting the terms and the economy improves a bit then Syriza comes in and fucks everything up but eventually doing everything ND was doing anyway
I mean, we arent americans, most ultras/hools here actually help their team mire then cause trouble
Also today they did that in schools all around Greece
I don't think Crete is any different than rest of Greece in that respect
kindergarten and first couple of years of elementary with an adult/ older child
I will restrain myself from commenting since last time I pointed out a fact about Islam I got banned for a month from this sub
I dig that actually
Never really thought about that but since my language was once the lingua franca i have no reason to be salty lmao
chocolate spread - Merenda
My man just wanted to post something beautiful
My town has its own cave, and during the 90s and up until the 2007 crisis, it was an active tourist attraction
OK, I was born in 1996, so I can't tell you about before but during the financial crisis that we went through the last decade, the term was used broadly against the politicians who supported austerity measures
People who do not smoke
Sometimes I think that Spanish has the closest pronunciation to Greek and this really makes sense.
Only if you have a generous amount of oil in exchange for that F R E E D O M
Σας ευχαριστώ (I thank You, pl)
This is art
I felt that the service was the warmest we had received throughout the entire trip too, everyone was just so nice
It's not common to see the more heavily armed walking on the streets
Ok i will just watch people i dont know closely then.I hope they wont mind xD.
Imagine having *Mussolini* as your ideal leader rolemodel
Someone took my pen and gave back a pen that didn't work
Imagine, two lanes without anything to seperate them and full of blind turns, due to the physiology of the landscape
The Hindenburg disaster was an inside job, wake up people.
If the "Great Powers" of the time had been more agreeable, they would probably have been Belgian, because after governor Kapodistrias was assassinated, the first choice was Leopold of Belgium but his demands weren't met
I think people said that because they have seen people being accused for things like this
I think all cuisines are acceptable and can be delicious, but one has to judge them based on their context
how do they think they can get married or be taxed without a file
"Give me your tired, your poor,
That MRA crap is making you get everything backwards.
I am only trying to explain to you that antifascism as an ideology is not a bad thing
So together we are building all of this
Now that I am older I also realise that history classes were mostly aimed at forcing nationalism and pride upon children
salivili hipput tupput täppyt äppyt tipput hilijalleen
So I'll say this; *be observant*. Don't double-check yourself every time and get stressed out, that's not what I mean, but observe peoples' behavior and just try to make your way around the place along those lines
But it was the US that demanded they dismantled their preferential trade network in exchange for help against the Axis.
Greek pronunciation
NOTE: There are still tourists walking around Athens, expecting to see the Parthenon and the museums
I just sat here trying to point out every country on the map like an idiot
The first one is wrong, everyone knows Finland doesn't exist
All police officers carry a handgun but the general rule is that they won't fire back unless they are fired upon with another firearm
According to sources, the US recently asked Ankara to tone down its aggressive stance in the Aegean.
Directly or not it benefited GR by beeing a capitalist country.
Turkey played with fire by helping al-nusra and now it is coming back to them.
I mean wtf
I would really like a someone to explain to me, whether transexuality is something you are born with or just stems from environmental factors.
Does that falsify what I said above
Naaaah
The only 2 ones that Greeks really want back are the Parthenon marbles, and the Karyatid
His statement is insulting, as he is not just speaking for himself but also for the EU.
Take about the geopolitical intentions of the participants
Maybe, but is more or less unimportant than CEI?
I feel like it really ties the family together to stay with your parents for a few more years
Since a lot of people have mentioned driving to nearby countries (for those living in border regions), we also have to aknowledge cheap flights
keep pissing of Greece and we'll have [Aquaman summon Cthulu] on your asses!!
Why “we are” and not “wir sind”?
* [] is the signpost
” He opened Reddit, excited by the prospect of the karma he was going to get by posting the video he took on r/atheism
Go on
there have been quite a lot of incidents and "incidents" between them
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted.
Dont these journalists realize that articles like this will stay on the internet forever?
Spain : being treated tequillas by guys me and my friend had met 10 minutes ago
Not being taught about recent history, while glorifying the positive aspects of ancient times can fuck up generations
I wasn’t too impressed with the skyscrapers because they weren’t a novelty, although Times Square is a must-see, at least once
Its not similar in taste as the french, there is not marzipan in it but it is essentially a sweetbread (cake?) with white thin sugar springled on top of it.
suez is probably like 5 times bigger
There were documents exposed recently stating how US was involved as well(cia & Kissinger)
North Macedonia: In the past yes but now not really
Indeed, some people might see it that way
Well he did dress as an anglo saxon warrior to chase a neighbor down the street, man knew how to party
Sorry if i made people upset i just saw the downvotes
You are right
Twisted and harsh as it may sound, given the circumstances, it was, sadly, the right decision.
Oh yeah definitely
There are also many battles in this war, for example sauce vs aloife and pitogyro vs sandwich
You're right
At least thats the feeling I get here in Greece, everyone is promising to save us and everyone else is a shithead that will bring us to ruin
It is kind of funny but same time scary.
Laughs in Thessaloniki
What you see is an initial traumatic reaction by an entire generation who had been pampered , un-triggered, and safe-spaced.
Yeah  I also believe that waiting times are different in different countries
Plus the two parties breed a center between them.
Greek economy grew in 2016, and is on target to grow by 2-3% in 2017 .
A wall in Athens said it best some years ago: "I either want less corruption, or more opportunities to participate".
For example: Ti ora einai (What time is it
Dekaefta(17)
When your mother is angry and calling you, she won't be like Lefteri come here but: Eleftherie
...that's very sad to hear ngl, I suppose a lot of people don't see how it will impact their lives directly in the short future
I think Cyprus really earned this one
Despite the mental gymnastics some of these maps do to not call some countries eastern, I've never been ashamed to call myself an eastern European
In fact all our luggage ended up switched.
Yeah
They've been trying to switch to a digital version since forever because the current design screams "forgery". Many people are afraid of the new format and think it's the "mark of the devil" or something, I've even heard the church discouraging people from getting a new digital ID card once it's required
This is shown in the study where their index correlates well with GDP, with greece and ireland as outliers.
And definitely still is
filotimi feminine singular
Mandarin + English and you are golden
Pft, check this guy out with his salary
You can cut down testing and you will have lower cases
In my family we drink mostly cow milk
if by international fame you mean penetrating the US then the only that comes to mind is Vangelis (yep the guy who wrote the score of blade runner)
You don't remember how it is called
The pipe that comes from the toilet in individual buildings is smaller than normal, not the sewer system
Possibly because it has probably never ended
Rural america is more homogeneous locally (although different mix in different states).
That tricked they pulled in Evros failed miserably
Earliest Practice of Medicine
You can choose to use nuance when it comes to certain topics or you can choose to just blatantly pander like you are doing
I usually get it though
2) The party registered as Liberal (Renew group) is actually more socially conservative than the party that is registered in the EPP group
It’s stupid to ban cigs in bars when the bar is peddling its own poison
There are some letters in common,  but there are also many different letters
You need to take a long hard look at why a post makes 25k in such a short time, as well as the OP and top commenters pattern of posting, instead of just accepting it as normal and "discussion".
Three times a day, Charybdis swallowed a huge amount of water, before belching it back out again, creating large whirlpools capable of dragging a ship underwater
Δις ιζ ίβεν φάνιερ ιν Γκρικ μπικόζ οφ δε ντίφρεντ άλφαμπετ. Γκουντ λακ φίγκιουρινγκ άουτ γουατ ενι οφ δις μινς.
I disagree, everyone who has had even the most basic level of interaction with the other country aknowledges the similarities
Ffs
Those days are gonna be the worst
I realized what I was doing just second before the video loads
If someone talks to you and you don't talk back alot of people (especially older people) will think you are deranged
And now Konstantinos Argyros - Athina mou
• "Giorgos' house" would be "Το σπίτι **του Γιώργου**" (Genitive)
Didn't the Turkish public notice the Greeks were still eating it
But unfortunately we are still the first in EU
Don't get me wrong, it's a beautiful island, just overhyped
Frying eggs and potatoes gets messy
Then there's Papadopoulos who took power in 1967
Most greeks learn some english (tourism).
Ƶ  looks coll tho so I might start using it for capital Ζ (the other one is very different, ζ)
Again, just a guess, not sure why he wrote it, you should ask him.
Got ya mate
Thank you Norway
This acknowledgement is in no way incompatible with faith or lack/rejection thereof
T\_T
It's sad that most Brits decided that the EU is the cause of their troubles.
I think the rule is Greeks can argue with each other about the Crisis, but when another  European tries to join the conversation, people shift uncomfortably in their seats and just stop talking or start attacking the poor EU citizen for intervening
is not a country
Half a million brave police officers dead."
She tried to keep her party together, and is failing at that too
Which is basically USA with universal healthcare.
He also argues that Turkey should invade Greek islands.
So bad luck I guess then, as Athens is not under control
I think that from the beginning of the issue, the Official Greek position was: a compound name with a geographical qualifier before the word “Macedonia”, which will be used in relation to everyone (erga omnes), for all uses domestic and international.
The city of Constantinople thrived and ruled  inhabited mostly by greeks so i don't think citizens of the city of Rome would be interested
But in general so is greek football.
Or literally during our independence war
Well Greece is Hellas normally,so almost every country has it wrong
Yes ans we have a problem with them calling themselves Macedonian.
90% of the blame lies on Greece
...First off, fuck your bitch and the click you claim
European countries (included my country)  ,European Union,  Some specific type of buildings and architecture
Yup
touti = her,
Alexander ruled these parts 1000 years before slavs came here.
This is a piece of shit Union thug, that used strikes to crawl up into a pseudoleftist party and now he is a Minister
Many people will say they believe in God etc or they are passionate about their religion, but it is mostly seen as a nationalist thing and not actually ABOUT the religious part of it.
These are important skills that will set you up for life
Ok so, first of all
Although I agree wolves are pretty harmless to humans
Or Serbia
Sometimes it works, sometimes the result is extremely pretentious
But i guess a northern German obviously knows about all these aforementioned things
>to be equal to social democratic
Dictatorship
What is the workplace environment like
You chip in according to your GDP and you get funding for projects, infrastructure and so on
Everyday, they are neutral torwards the US but they do report on anything bad happening
I think the Turkey referendum to make Erdogan essentially a dictator and his response to Germany/Netherlands has gotten nerves high.
Swedes don't attack me pls
They call themselves the real Catalans, they endorse maps of Greater Catalonia with your territory, they erect statues of famous Catalans of past times.
I am so jealous of cities that have rivers flowing through them
I kind of have an idea why, but I don’t go a week without thinking of going back to both of these places
Heh we could definitely use some sort of barricade that gets 10 feet higher whenever Erdogan opens his mouth.
[The electoral college actually works]
THIS inspired many Juntists to form their own party, Golden Dawn (yeah, ,, that Golden Dawn)
In Greece they are common almost every summer, with some serious damage over the last 10 years.
Older people can have mini shrines, younger crowds usually have a [painting] somewhere.
Not anything I can remember nonetheless
We pronounce it jaw-kin for some reason
If not for us you would be quickly overwhelmed by refugees
It's strange to only learn about distant times and ignore the most recent and relevant ones
Which unfortunately happens a lot.
The German tanks were struggling to get going in the mud and snow because of their wheels and tracks
When in the entirety of our post-1990 western world, the only extreme on the rise is the far-right, often in the innards of the supposedly "reasonable" mainstream parties (e.g. US Republicans), it's dishonest to try to frame the situation as "50/50 danger from both extremes".
Pythagoras
Sometimes someone might have 2 first names
its gona have at least one special and one planet with bonus minerals maybe even a research bonus ...
People still get very defensive/emotional/mad when you state something about it and feelings run high even when you talk facts
What were the other times you being there
They are there on *every* linguistic map, being stubbornly different even from other Gaelic speakers.
Btw I also like American foods
- 10^18 = pentakisekatommýrio (Five times 10^(6))
You hurt me deeply, just so you know
Same here, our passport is also ranked fourth
It's not wrong or anything, but there are major differences
That's clever but it's biologically impossible for me to not pronounce every letter lol
Both countries are fighting a war
Apparently the original material must have used something along the lines of "Lalaloopsy school backpack with kitty pattern". Someone in that e-shop decided that google translate alone was enough for the Greek translation and the listing came out as "Σχολή σακίδιο Lalaloopsy κούκλα μοτίβο με το μουνί", or  "Scholí sakídio Lalaloopsy koúkla motívo me to mouní", mouní being Greek sex slang for vagina
I myself have a great-aunt who lived in Germany for 40 years
Have fun sucking your gyros with a straw #@$#@&*!!!
Why do u cringe
I can clearly see how religious greeks are...
Cyprus on Thursday dismissed concerns emanating from the Geek Defense Ministry that Turkey will provoke a dangerous escalation in tension when France’s Total company begins extracting natural gas in the island’s territorial waters this coming June
Since you know that it was Greek, why are you "asking" ?
The quality of our economy is equal to a lidl product quality
The other is cáguras (κάγκουρας) referring to someone who behaves like a bum, has poor speaking skills, doesn't abide by the rules and usually owns a scooter/motorbike
Damn, that white male privilege is really working out great
I loved bath as a town when I visited but I also love London <3
A Union for fucks sake
They were the ones that actually brought turkish food in Greece (like mousaka) and not the Turkish conquerors.Funny isn't it ?
If the authorities find out (a complaint from a neighbour is enough) the owner is fucked
Still, it is surprising to me that cold coffees are not a part of the Mediterranean coffee culture in general
Turkey always had an authoritarian grip at their steering wheel.
patriot
Azerbaijan is building a pipeline(2nd largest gas reserves on Earth) through Turkey and then into Greece, from there it will split between Thessaloniki LNG terminal and also a pipeline will go across all of Greece and to Albania, and from there an underwater pipeline to Italy, then Austria, etc.
Turkish war of independence = Turks renaming their state
"- whereas no one dares to speak about Exarchia on the news :(
Greeks trusting the EU even less than Finland on military defence is kind of funny to me
πρεπει αν ρωτησω πως βαζεις παραπανω απο μια σημαιες?
", "Not too bad". So are you good or are you bad
They are not organized and they don't have a higher purpose than to get in a fight with the police
i would love a greek skam remake, since it has been done in many other european countries and i think greece needs a tv show that deals with bullying, sexual assault, coming to terms with homosexuality, mental illness and racism
A walk through the Aristotle's Squere uo until the ancient Roman Agora
our transition regions go from more developed to less
> I very rarely hear any kind of appreciation for Danish
"I've always wanted to go to Greece for vacation"
Or you could repurpose that money and have the smile of 10 million lazy filthy Mediterraneans
Greece can't into nuclear because sooner or later the workers will go on strike, and then we'll go full Chernobyl.
But there's more evidence, for example some authors have described how things were pronounced, and we even know some anc
A lot of people ask greeks how far back we can go in time and still understand our language
We are talking about percentages not amounts.
You forgot that cat in Cypriot Greek is cata (if I recall correctly)
it's because that's one of the countries where the people make us feel at home the most
okinawa is calling they want their 60+ years old hypocrisy
I will however say that I've worked for a few small businesses in my time and I've made a point to switch the English part of their websites to the UK version instead of American, from translations down to the little flag
''pasta with ketchup'', ''muslim Serbs'', ''Tesla is Croat''= Fucking hell you'll get beaten if you say these
Nothing special in greek
Here around 50% of import/export is also done with EU countries
As an other user replied to you, they forcibly took away their food and seeds during a period of famine.
Plus you know no separation of church and state
Chin up and keep singing in your melodic language
Next stop: **hospital** :(
I don't get your original point then, the only reason that Greece is not a giant Favela right now is because of access to the single market.
If you pass by the sarting point you can see them all chilling and smoking when they are supposed to be already on the road
Normally, I think it doesn't matter whether or not the 1st of May falls on a weekend day here in Greece
But that's because it is very competitive
I hope more people join in, that will be fun
But when you live in a country with ~6 months of summer, "bad" weather isn't that bad
Bulgaria: Nah
A few areas will have a few stray dogs but there are stray cats everywhere unfortunately
>whoever ordered it
Greek Civil War
The climate is probably a huge factor
Look at North Macedonia and you will have your answer
*men*
You are just flexing at this point
PC\\Windows: This [bad boi] sometimes an animated EU Flag I made
Because every house in Crete has guns.
Yeah, well praising someone who ruined your country would be more stupid than voting for his great grandson
Twitter isn't very big in Greece, the results are probably skewed by French users.
and obviously a lot of Turkish ones have their original name in Greek for example
Greeks can be hard because we have a lot in common with Italians, Spanish and other Mediterranean countries.
Being opposed to immigration = litterally Hitler
*That is something very much unimportant
Edit: It would also be neat being able to understand what many weird words used in other languages really mean
If your parliament votes not to leave, irregardless of the political backlash, then you're in.
I love the Brits
I think it has to do with how vowels in english are really soft, while in greek they are power itself
3) We are the first Orthodox nation to join the west and EU
We can't avoid a cold war if some (former?) allies want to go that way.
I'm in love with all four
Greece and Cyprus
Almost all of them live in Athens that's why
Between a rock and a hard place
in greece its rock pencil scissors paper but no one actually uses pencil because no one knows what it does
That's why we are not educated properly, we are some of the worst drivers ever and we are generally a corrupt community
But I also am not sure what op means by important, like if they mean by political importance rn or the historical aspect
On the other hand, turning it to a museum was the LEAST you could do, it should have been given back to the Orthodox Church, plus you have already ruined the whole building by adding ugly minarets and destroying most Christian art on the interior.
This is Nazi propaganda redrawn
If I lived in the US my views might have been different
I think it's used in all Latin languages, and we borrowed it.
It took me a while to realize this is the actual summary of the article.
I’m not a fan of Muhammad
But now that I live in the Midwest in the US and I compare the temperature between Helsinki and Chicago often during the heavy winter, I would pick Finland in a heartbeat
In Greece most people have a place live and they can afford eating , clothing etc
Also, a lot of people seem to be, whether willingly or not is a mystery to me, of the history and contribution of the Greeks during the middle ages until the 19th century
ITALY IS THE BOOTS AND WE ARE THE ARM
100 κιλά έκαστος τότε....τωρα;;
Cool illustration, but it's a bit misleading not to include massively religious countries like  Romania, Cyprus, Greece, Croatia, Serbia, Malta and more that I probably forget
Too bad there arent any Greeks left to "burn" the parliament.I guess Kurds will do.
BTW did you know or did it come as a surprise for you
They even named a town after us for this reason
Greece and Russia have nothing in common culturally.
depends on how windy it is for me
why stay there
US must face the music as they cannot extract resources from the rest of the world as before
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
I strongly believe that every country is obliged to do what’s best for its people
many taxis also got one
The flair says Poland/Germany, so I assume (s)he is an expert on valuating stolen cars/art.
It's been surprise attacked and occupied by Turkmenistan for the glory of Turan.
Lol sorry dude, didn't realized it was a poem.
I know very little of them but I have absolutely no problem with Slavic Macedonians, I think our politicians are petty and stupid and that whole dispute is their fault.
You can be immoral and law-abiding at the same time
But their two favourite are the dictatorship of Metaxas, 30's up until the occupation of Greece by the Nazis ( yeah, the Metaxas didn't really care) and the dictatorship of Colonels, or of Papadopoulos, from the  60's up until the establishment of the Third Greek Republic and todays shitshow
Neither
It tragic that you guys **still** blame the EU for a national decision.
Bring *all* the former European colonies to fold.
Even with the help we have been getting in February of 2017
If you read the recent leaked reports of the CIA about the possibility of war between Greece and turkey, you will see that an attack on greece is really costly for the turks due to the landscape.
Still more work than the bellingcat article.
Maybe they had this one but I never payed attention
Athens would be ideal from a landscape perspective
Just imagine the dude having a Havana Club bottle with him, Its a Rum with Rum.
In a more local level, I have voted for someone who genuinly seemed to want to make things better, but she didn't win
They are passing our borders with naval fleets and our government is just too much of a dumpster fire to say anything
That's fucking odd for sure
Countries that are religious
So saying "Hey patriotis, doesn't make sense"
I believe snails are very tasty in whichever way they are cooked, not having tried the French way though
by Kavafis, from the poem Ithaca
But you can't make a family on these jobs
It's not like before erdogan turkey was a shining example of foreign (and internal) policies
People say he predicted the future and gave out prophecies, and they attribute miracles to him
That however, doesn't justify the Turkish invasion
A souvlaki
Cause in Greek τάφος (tafos) means grave
I believe that is very easy to only see the good things if you are not a citizen of  Southern Europe
Okay that's sounds right
All I know is that we would never pay for Windows XP
One of my grandparents was born in like 1890
Unbelievable
be exercised as specified by the Constitution
Also in a suburb of Attica
Their Leaders are gonna die in jail
Also ancient Sports famously had nothing monumental on it, not even walls
Don't panic, don't try to be a hero
Italian cuisine=you cover the light flavors,  fatty cuisine=you enhance the flavors and cut through the fat
is good but we still prefer drinking beers from Belgium, Germany and CecchchhhchchchhTΤΣΕΧΙΑ damn it I always type it wrong
The Cyprus one is like speaking greek with an italian accent (at least to me)
> I very rarely hear any kind of appreciation for Danish
* [Hilton Athens Hotel] (1963)
There are also some math/science competitions, if I remember correctly but that's about it
Ill write it with latin characters for obvious reasons
However, I must agree with you about the Civil War being a taboo topic
If Greece can do it there is **no** excuse for other NATO countries not to.
Nikos Mihaloliakos
Only special thing about Paris was Disneyland
Greece in greek is "Ελλάδα" (=Ellada) and Greek (as in the language) is "Ελληνικά" (=Ellinika)
And if you didn't know just read the [wiki page]
. But religion was also used by official institutes against the revolution and against the Greek nation
one means softly, and the other means asshole
[...] racism and drinking problems.
There are people who talk about younger and older people, but generations aren't a big thing here and we don't categorize them as Americans do
That's what I'd think too, but everyone on the news keeps talking about how we're "close" to the second wave, what can I say
People would rather support programs were you give enough money for a village in Africa to built a well or some sort of irrigation system rather than giving them cookies with multivitamins etc
What a little monster he was
I seriously have never discussed this with family or friends.
Everytime I say 'lo weekend' and 'gli website' Italians look at me like I'm crazy, but I'm only following what the AdC judgement says
Drami is still somewhat used traditionally in bottles of ouzo, tsipouro and raki
It's the equivalent of Quisling, but only meant for high class people (eg the PMs that have signed the bailouts, in recent times)
The teaching level is really mediocre though, so the vast majority of students go to private language centers (or tutoring)
We borrowed MUCH MUCH more than our GDP allowed
Sike
**Tasia Vhristopoulou**, Minister of Immigration Policy in 2015, said that "there are no immigrants in downtown Athens, just people who are enjoying the sun"
but there's no way that the Greek tribes looked different from each other
The first two really aren't because one is forgotten and the other is tied with military glory
Yeah sorry, I meant to write "is only good for comedies" but I forgot good
Herbs yes but not spices
>just that the debt problem in Greece could be solved by halving (or another number, I'm ballparking here) the amount of taxes evaded
I am sure the situation with the monopolies holding the aging networks and charging big time for it, is similar for a lot you guys aswell
Nowadays I think it's ActionAid that advertises more
Many foreigners (especially Germans) confuse it with the guturral r.
lol, nope
Monemvasia, Greece
I suppose phone salesman (?) Can't think of anything getting hate-hate by all, but I haven't met a single person not finding them annoying af, unless they've blocked their numbers
It's the only identification document that's more presentable and it costs €86 for an amazing 5 whole years
It's lesser known because of the nice stuff going on: nature, beaches, historic places, etc
I mean did interstate borders ever close
Eastern coast of Attica
[Here you go]
Γ'ρλντ :D
Ugliest city I've ever been so far
I'll go with EU-issued, cause I often see confused looking faces when I show my "Hellenic Republic" passport
Now I have to find another one xD
Northern Greece, with Thessaloniki and Chalkidiki being the only exceptions, is definitely underrated
" gets upvoted and all
It isn't really established here, it depends on each person
do you are have stupid
Chef Tony is such a legend
And overuse of the Greek flag will label you as a fascist.
Are there any living people left in Constantinople?
Many Greeks have tripe soup as a hangover remedy
Our ancestors  weren't gay
In Greece, most National police officers are armed
Same with Ptolemaida
It's heart breaking
I don't think that's controversial in USA , maybe it is in some groups like vegans and vegetarians, but the same is true about Greek vegans and vegetarians and generally vegans and vegetarians from all countries . At least that's my experience based on  family friends from the US and based on Americans that I have met in Greece and they went to eat sea foods like octopus
exactly this, i always assumed it was because it sounds better
Storge and Philia retain their meanings and they are common words in everyday life, especially Philia with directly translates to "Friendship" and its derivatives, "Friend/Buddy".
I wanna see a swearing contest between an Italian, a Pole, a Serb and a Greek
Not when it comes to numbers though
Shit, I didn't even know
I like waking up in the morning not in the fucking night to go to work ! On those damn winter morning you can get a glimpse of the sun when you take the car to go to your job and by the time you return is already night anyway
Sturm has helped Graz with recognition
>PS: for our fellow Europeans: We aren't fighting here, we are just solving an argument in the Greek way
Κολοκύθια τούμπανο (kolokithia toumpano)
half the posters see "indirect methods may be at work" (which means nothing imo) as proof positive its actually happening.
I think it’s not common but I support it and I really like Europe day, but I recently found it out
Slovenia is claiming it's not Balkans.
The other reasons are
#NotMyPresident
So churches generally don't advertise
If you want my opinion I'd say they were Greeks but many will have objections about it
What's scary is not their idiotic ideology but people voting for them out of outrage for the incompetence of the rest of our politicians.
But far right
Here you go
Avoid coffee, alcohol
Excuse my english but what are minks
I don't know where you're from in Greece but I'm from the Ionian coast, we see more Italians then Greeks here
I've long wished to try some pasteis de nata, I'm sure they must be delicious
I am also thinking about visiting the states when I will finish my studies , I also want to visit  European countries
I think that the main difference is methods of cooking, quality of the ingredients, variety of the food etc
&#x200B;
I have read through all of them four times in my life
That's true, but I think that almost half of English words have Latin/Romance root
That's almost daily
And that's why i want it kept to a minimum.
Not my cup of tea
Sadly, we are nearing a straight decade of domestic propaganda pointing to the people who lend us money as the main source of our woes.
Not doing anything while another country is invaded.
30 as of 2020
Stay strong France , we love you
squid (καλαμάρι) = inkwell
I'd be very curious for a similar map about past predictions and how close to reality they were.
I would be a hardcore alcoholic over there.
1967-1974
Wonder how long it was in my grandfather's cellar.
#NotMyPresident
It's been 25 years since I went to Paris and I only remember of the croissants I had for breakfast
Every state has one, equal vote
The first picture needs "You came to the wrong neighborhood, motherfucker"
He is one of the most talented NBA players right now, so I guess many people know him in the rest of Europe too, but you are right, Varoufakis could be more famous due to political events.
The heat is just something we cannot deal with
It's a bit more complex than that though
First of all, that's quite a leap
Αυστροουγγαρία or Αυστροουγγρική Αυτοκρατορία
small villages in islands in greece with 3 children
Kapodistrias was the one who introduced the Greeks to potatoes
It is general about people who mock Greece
The reason Greece attacked was because there was a right wing junta that was helped even by the CIA in the mid 60s-early 70s. Also even before the junta Turkey had plans to invade the island and president LBJ said to turkish president that if he attacks there will be repercussions
But generally I don't know very much about them
I dont have a problem if its an important EU country,the thing that did it for me was when everyone was fighting for sanctions on Belarus, a non-EU country, and no one gave a shit about what we are facing
μεράκι (meráki) is the very intense/strong love, passion and care about smth, about an activity like work
I never understood how my parents will feel tired if they miss their 2 hour nap
Diet consisting of 99% meat, milk, eggs and 1% of vegetables
It's not a proper crusade unless you grab some Greek clay on your way there.
Im pro EU in a lot of ways
In the [video] he goes:
The tram had a fixed time of arrival and you knew you wouldn't be late
We have "κορακίστικα" (Raven language)
Half if Greek half is Latin, still a bitch of a word but if I could right it down as I hear it I think I could manage, but if I had to spell it out in 8 seconds after hearing it, yeah no good luck with that
I guess the parents couldn't decide between a normal and a cool name
Voules-vouz coucher avec moi
dictatorship, aheemmm
Don't get me wrong, regulating big data is a good thing, but it seems the Dutch only ever join when money is to be made
You are far more likely to be a victim of "accidental" burning by one of your own anarcho-fascists sympathizers
(I hope I wrote it correctly)
Well you can't always study and learn everything but here's how the structure is
I guess the definition for the word positive is different for every person
Apply as an austronaut for the ESA.
There do they suppose to never return it even if they asked for just one minute
Specifically German is known for its ability to take any words and construct a huge composite word, we can absolutely do the same in Greek, and do it pretty often (well ok, maybe not that often, but you can)
Thank you my friend, hope for peace
So, I guess that means that this is the usually hottest temperature during those months and not the everyday temperature
It would be moree accurate to say Athens (3 million), Thessaloniki (800,000) and Patras (210,000)
We have a saying in our language: whoever wants the many, loses the few
I know about the situation from Reddit and Twitter
We were nearly always in the bottom in Jeux Sans Frontieres
*The ELI5 list of Alexander the Great and Macedonia:*
It is pretty easy to go to other Schengen countries, you just show your national ID ( or something that it counts as valid ID like passport) , based on my experience
πρεπει αν ρωτησω πως βαζεις παραπανω απο μια σημαιες?
all of that without including the balkans obviously
Could be trade, or people just moving around and bringing knowledge at home?
We can't do and haven't been doing it to that extent though
Crisis ?
But there are loads of people who would embrace the opportunity to live in a secluded island.
Lord Byron was the joke of Europe, and yeah we are still grateful about them helping the poor Greeks.
Barbie girl has never been the same
man, we didn't even make it to the 1900s
" Which is weird considering you're right next to Bulgaria.
maybe you could instead call us snake union or shit union, something that does not allude to islam.
Do you know what shit can this only lead into
still weird though
We also use siktir in Greek although it is pronounced sichtiri
Lol that's so dumb
Maybe it denotes to a gut feeling.
If you are driving and wearing a balaclava mask and the traffic police stops you and ask you to take off that mask so to identify you will you do it?
2015-2019 is not taboo just controversial
Well it really depends on the text and the age of it but Homeric texts are definitely too old to understand the full text so that’s why we do them in modern Greek though keeping many ancient words
Does the number in your username represent your age
I think that it is mandatory to be vaccinated in order to go to school here
Ryan, Wizz, Vueling etc are cheaper than trains
Wear a jacket, you'll catch a cold
I get that (usually) one is only there so you have "broad with broad and slender with slender" but how can I know which vowel to actually pronounce
Bear in mind that the syllabus mentions that several courses (to the lecturer's discretion) may be offered in English
For the entire church
ex:
Our small family business is taxed similarly at around 50% here in Greece but it's definitely not worth it
Says the person who literally got triggered και μας έπρηξε τα αρχίδια όλο το απόγευμα because people *dared* to mention the crimes neonazis committed
Lamérkel
It’s an actual revolution at this stage
The words are not the problem, the syntax is
This is the case where I live, and I've rarely seen cars parked on the bike lane
Oh no the evil gays will have the same rights as me, better elect the neo nazis, that should fix it!
You know how a word sounds,  by just reading it,  even if you have never heard of it, with very few exceptions
edit: we also use the the phrase "pink video" to describe pornographic videos
just show a picture of a pizza
We dont have any major resources, in fact our economy runs a huge trade deficit ( no idea why you think we have any confirmed deposits of gas, we import everything ) .
I also found it was critically important during my army service, we used to shower like 3-4 times a day
This is what I could find about specifically the protests, in different Greek popular sites of various political backgrounds (left, right):
The empire got doubled, retook the Balkans and it was perfect for everyone living in, except if you were rich
It's more of a wishful thinking by a part of the population than a realistic idea of the majority
I don't know how to describe it, but we get along pretty well
For example there are stereotypes and expressions for villagers such as άντε ρε βλαχε villagers have stereotypes about city people . There are also differences in work life, life style ,infrastructures etc
So even if Le Pen isn't directly fiddling for Russia, she's playing Russia's favorite tune.
This is one the most impressive and beautiful places I've seen in a long time here
So on the one hand you guys bash Trump for calling NATO absolete and willing to call out freeloader and on the other hand you think NATO is not working for you and that NATO suggestions and agreements are irrelevant and that you would prefer to leave NATO if the 2% was mandatory.
> different churches because they had better gym membership, daycare, zoos, aquarium, barbecues etc
>Wet dreams come true
Apparently he realized I kept misunderstanding him
President of Cyprus: 'dialogue with Turks in itself is an achievement' [Interview]
Nice effort, but an average Greek's view outside their window would be more [like this]
>He was Dutch, he wasn't acclimated to the Greek alphabet or the language's intricacies
Sadly it doesn't work like that.
This is about preference so it's purely subjective
So does that mean that Greece is Gondor
δέος (déos) is  excitement, followed by feelings of fear or worry for something that exceeds our strength
Basically everything that happened in the Byzantine Empire until the fall of Constantinople from the Ottomans
...to fund the civil war
Also beautiful country
Is this forum still up
In unemployment
Duo(2)
That means that       I am from the island of Lesbos
Have you done a survey?You appear kinda certain.
Who gave that award to the OP
Where I am the typical price is 0,5€ if you buy it from a kiosk or something like 0,15-020€ if you buy it from a super-market
Hmm
I felt that
Yeah, sorry, Greece, I added a flair.
Iceland and Albania need to step it up
We have an entire direction (east) dedicated to that
The security guard of Benjamin Netanyahu  did not even recognize the PM of NL
61 is exínta-éna
Ι hate ouzo, it tastes like dish soap mixed with alcohol, and I hate the sun and going to the beach cause I turn into a lobster
Like I said, I wasnt born at the time but looking back at it now it is very weird that no one questioned how we became rich and powerful overnight.
It's easy to find food without meat, milk and eggs but there aren't many vegans and vegetarians here.
I would say Albania is not a rival as well
We also say στην άλλη άκρη του κόσμου which means at the other edge/side of the world
Yes, that's exactly what happened
English pronunciation has changed much more in 1000 years than Greek did in 2500
Yes, and no one was there to maintain what was created thanks to the Marshall plan, because the labour shortage was *massive*.
I can feel my IQ declining every day from 11 AM to 6 PM
Other than that, it's not that different from what you'll find say in German
I am also thankful that you supported us ( the Allies) against the Axis during WW2 .
If the flag wasn't there you would assume these photos were from Syria.
The tram had a fixed time of arrival and you knew you wouldn't be late
Women overdo it with self-care
I remember a British aquaintance had to explain to me that when he said "this is very interesting" he meant exactly the opposite
A leftist party(Syriza) that took 31
Germany is a big country and big market in the center of Europe in a very rich and fertile land
no need to push for a second or a third
In Greece other option is Thessaloniki
The first King of Greece was Austrian
Delightful
Most is some mystic shit with ancient gods and titans and whatever
Pendentive dome
[ )
You claim most of Macedonia was filled with Bulgarians, we with Greeks, and Turks, well, with Muslims
so Poland has some good ol big cities I see
When he was appointed i was thinking "He is Greek.
Greek, because it has undergone several sound changes
Pat’s day Irish friends
Currently, my country is in a crisis because Turkey wants the Aegean Sea because they found natural resources such as oil
Ground floor (isogeio - ισόγειο - means equal level to the earth/ground), and then first floor above
In Greek we call the Netherlands "Ολλανδία" (lit
Usually drug dealer park is next to the station
iirc a relative told me as a kid that there used to be a church near the centre of town , in ancient times that is , outside of the pathway to koule that was to herakles (not the son of Zeus but the Dactyl one ) that was destroyed and only a part of it remains
At least the panels won't get too dusty lol
Ι don't really like living here
A malfunctioning, highly corrupted State, a (declining) majority of citizens with no respect for the law, an unbelievably socialistic (almost communistic) financial system with heavy taxation and a gargantuan public sector that offers services of the poorest quality
[Götz von Berlichingen] Jugend ohne Gott
earth: η γη (female), moon: το φεγγάρι (neutral)/η σελήνη (female), sun: ο ήλιος (male)
Hashtag make my planet great again.
Damn it, man
There's loads of  jokes and memes about its supposed "low" quality products (Lidl brands, like Silvercrest etc
A 2km radius evacuation is absolutely insane for that type of bomb.
We are humbled that you went through the trouble of writing about this
I live in a town in Attica and most people here drink water without filter and I think it’s healthy and safe
Well even after the referendum, the vast majority voted for Tories and Labour who ran on Brexit campaigns so
It is also very easy to cross check their validity.
u/racist-femboy
By law it's 18 but nobody really goes by that
I would totally recommend "Blueprint for Armageddon". A series of 6 podcast episodes by Dan Carlin
Berlusconi was neither far-left nor far-right
Didn't knew it existed, but now that I've seen photos of it, I don't think I'll be able to forget it
For our big cities to actually feel like they fit in Europe, they are all ugly, dirty and have shit infrastructure, you can't look at capital cities in Europe, and then take a look at Athens and be like "ah yes, this is an EU capital". All of Greece's big cities are ugly actually, only the islands are nice, but it makes up for it when you can go to an island in summer by boat
I think all around Europe people abandon countryside moving to cities
It is the case
Policeman with an AK
hold up
Center and big municipalities are shit
I'm willing to bet that you won't hear a peep from the EU about any of this.
All of these have roots within the Greek Civil War
Or all yellow cheeses "kaséri"
Yeah, we have an autonomous peninsula which is inhabited and ran by orthodox monks
You probably don't realize that there is a big difference in the depth of the sea on Hollands reclamation of earth (swallow sea) to the Aegean.
in Greek giving Greek accents rarely happens unless it's "country accent" where they're given islander accents or Cretan accent , meybe even Cypriot
I added the Greek name of Diem25 which is Mera25 and it might be more known to Greeks
In the series Germany is primus inter pares among the Axis Powers, and takes responsibility for the training of Italy and Japan
Just hire a russian speaking actor
A nickname of his, "Ο γιός της καλογριάς", is based on his mother, as it translates as "the son of the nun".
And it comes from skiá + ourá (shadow + tail)
>“It is not as if there was a vote and Cyprus vetoed a decision,” he said
Which other country could be capable of such craziness and bring it to EU level?
And the 3rd in the 3nd grade of Primary, Junior High and High School
Very thorough,eye-opening article.Thanks a lot of translating it.
The belief is lack of emotion and expression (only for men) = potentially dangerous
I've seen this shit by Greek fascists too, how the fuck don't they see the irony
in my case i was given a small lg and because i had to buy the rest of my phones myself i went with cheap phones that are just as good, my Xiaomi redmi 6
We tried but the Dark Lord wouldn't die
Just before the pandemic, I travelled to Manchester from Thessaloniki, Greece (almost 4 hr flight) for just €40 roundtrip
Englishmen: they can fuck off
Nah, i don't really care
That's pretty much what everybody thinks of Greece.
He clearly says it's a λειόκαννο (flat-barrelled).
Wow, what an interesting family
Well if you don't believe me, there some ways that will make you believe it for sure
''This isn't summer it's a fucking disgrace''
To be fair, our PM lies all the time.
All in all, I believe that if we establish the basics of what the English language is, we would give rise for people to be able to identify their own dialects or even their own languages based on English, because this way they would be sure if what they are speaking is different to English because it just wouldn't follow these rules
&#x200B;
Turkey (and I mean Turkey, not Erdogan) is extremely direspectful towards international treaties and laws
Everyday we see enemy aircraft enter our airspace and ships tresspass our sea border yet no one supports action because they dont give a damn
You put the waffle over the hot drink until it becomes a bit softer and mmmm creamy
Don't give him attention he's always acting like a troll.We know that they are a Turkish minority.Let him call them whatever he wants.The truth is that they are people of Turkish origin who remained in Greece.
10% of women wore burkas and not even one had her head uncovered
BTW Congratulations for using °C. I guess it is beneficial to be in a European sub
People thinking that "having fun" = "drink so much that you vomit on the street and then pee or poop in the bushes". And not only silly students, but 50 year old guys
It was submitted here a week ago but seemingly flew under the radar.
Fuck Yeah
"But I would look so much better on Instagram wearing high heals in front of the Acropolis"
tutti = all,
Not that Thessaloniki is any prettier
Jokes aside lidl is quite popular here and these jokes have actually died down quite a bit, because their products are actually much better than they used to be
God will disappear them (to hell ?), of course
Cyprus
They're gonna take away my greek citizenship any day now
Yeah but some of the town Alexander conquered have him as a hero and others not
The suburbs are nice though, basically me and everyone I know try to avoid the center and live/hang out only in Glyfada, voula vouliagmeni, kifissia etc
In Greece conscription is still in place.
My dad and I have been mistaken for Bulgarians quite a few times
Unfortunately moderate muslims have to pay because radical muslims are always on the news.
Or he just doesn't have an interest in destabilising Bulgaria
UK has the privilege of having nuclear weapons which these countries do not, the EU is as much a security and safety issue as much as an economic one.
An entire political movement was created from the protests of 2008-2012.
Trump officials should be worried about their boss's mental health.
There is **huge** nationality discrimination in Europe as it is, let alone actual racism
This is a very interesting case in Greece, because there never really were any mass trials for Nazi collaborators
The heads of our civil protection agency and our taskforce against covid-19 were close to breakdown (almost cried on camera) today trying to convince the idiots who don't respect the quarantine to do so
This government has already expressed support for Armenia, what are you talking about
We have a place called Malakasa
The average person has nowhere near enough medical and scientific knowledge to distinguish bullshit from reality, and they just end up trusting "authorities" that tell them the opposite of the doctors
Having the false security of being in another country where no one spoke Greek I went on and on about how handsome he was (nothing inappropriate mind you)
In Athens they tried to build a infrastructure to cycle the whole city
So far the best way to calculate the total cases was looking at daily deaths, looking at the history of the pandemic in said country and taking into account the confirmed cases
Only in private tours if you ever find them — I actually have spotted a couple on Facebook from some recreational groups I follow
Paella rocks
I love how turks say Greeks play the victim when they get invaded by terrorists
in Greece we don't just have socialist parties
Then you have special occasions, ancient Greek roots etc
There is a very strong pro-Palestine sentiment here.
Damn that's kinda sad tbh, hope that in some way you find a way to improve your mood and find time to enjoy the things you ~~lowe~~ love
The place Homer was referring to is still up for debate.
They are grammatically and syntactically compatible, being fluent at one will give you a limited understanding of the other but they are definatly not the same
These muslims are hunted down as infidels in their home countries.
In general, I'd love to visit either Ancient Greece, or Thessaloniki during the Byzantine Empire
We only ever made mousaka or pastichio when we had relatives coming home from abroad
In Greece we learn a lot of Ancient Greek in school, but there's so many forms of the language that most people don't understand everything
But a lot of accidents happened like this satirical clip shows:
Nowadays I think it's ActionAid that advertises more
I'm really not comfortable around crowds either, which makes it worse
But the quality of the food there helped me start cooking for myself
So Germany exports a crap ton and keeps the surplus for itself
But most of the time you have to also use a name from an orthodox Saint, like Mary or Constantine
A far-left politician would be a marxist-leninist one or an anarchocommunist one.
So thank you Denmark for Lego, for having a well organized and beautiful country and for insulin
You are right then
He didn't smoke it, he ingested it
But I think it’s not so good on the islands
Bernie is a social democrat, a new dealer, someone who thinks that he can reform the system, a capitalist.
Never understood why Londoners feel so cosmopolitan and smug compared to the rest of the country when they literally voted for 8 years of Boris as mayor
One is the Proto-European hunter-gatherers who arrived in Europe around 50,000 years ago and the second is the post-ice age migration from Fertile Crescent.
No Turkish seem to hate Armenians much more than greeks, but I could be wrong.
also men that are 40+ years old that just put them in a ponytail
There is a law in Greece, "concerning responsibility of cabinet members" that greatly reduces the ways politicians can be held accountable and also wipes off any criminal responsibility after a few years.
Σμύρνη = Smyrni = εις την Σμύρνη = is tin Smyrni = Ιzmir
Roughly "köbnaun". [g̊ʰø̞b̥ənˈha̝u̯n] if you're familiar with the IPA
>we’re not going to change our laws for a terrorist
Of course economic hardships doesn't allow 100 units.
(also portuguese peão = pawn (?), greek peos = penis)
I think this reminds of something from the past
Apparently Trader Joe has them
Thanks for remembering me btw
sorry about that
I really liked the Greek version, i didn't see anything wrong with it
It's a nice movie and it is also thought provoking,  but it might be bizarre and weird for some people
Κάγκουρες (Kagures)
Oh well, you might need The Communist Manifesto to solve that problem
I think that's a little high, but I believe the polling stations that served mostly police and army regularly polled above 50% in favor of the fascists
Or maybe something like USA but adjusted for EU  .
* () is the explanation
Oh yeah, totally missed him
If you consider homophobia such a big problem (which it is), why don't you start by convincing your Orthodox Christian compatriots, who no doubt are far more numerous than the Muslims in Serbia?
Btw is he a good president
I do not speak French unfortunately and I am not sure I ever will learn it well enough
There's nothing similar in that date
First question: yes, since 3rd year up until the 12th
I guess one murder in there is enough to cover a whole year :D
Traitors, opportunists and hypocrites.
There's always a bit of truth and history in every Greek myth
Well the island I come from, Corfu, would no longer be a part of Greece since it was a part of the French Empire until 1814
Most people in Greece do that actually and most places will offer to pack your food so you can take it home
I will however say that I've worked for a few small businesses in my time and I've made a point to switch the English part of their websites to the UK version instead of American, from translations down to the little flag
Most of the people there are Marxists or anarchowhatevers
By banning certain topics/words/ideologies you only create a myth and myths attract, thus the original purpose of hiding something fails.
There he instructed his solders at nightfall to start screaming
Bah, I hate that bit about surrendering
We say "στου διαόλου την μάνα" (stu diaolu tin mana) which means "at the devil's mother"
Not certain but probably
Didn't realize it was his descendant running for office
His name was Greekified to Othon and he gave his name to the uni he founded (the Othonian University of Athens)
Malakas: masturbator, person who masturbates (excessively)
I watch it and i'm like "wtf, how can this pass an an answer
How are people supposed to identify with "a trade area", how are they going to be inspired to defend it and what is their common reference point?
In any case, the expression is as it is.
English is taught in a lot of countries, has a lot of media to practice with and motivate you to practice
Do they have any seats
>The guide told us to be very careful in that town because the rate of pickpocketing is extremely high
We definitely have them, I thought they were universal as well
The fact that a person can be so stupid is beyond me
Even when we protest on the streets
Germany is a very nice place
Well most Greeks I know stopped visiting turkey.
In cuisines across Mediterranean octopus is cooked with a side of vinegar to ensure its dead
the truth is a bit more complicated...
Portugal, you're so lucky that your only neighbors are our beloved Spaniards
Ζήσε Μάη μου να φας τριφύλλι (zise mai mou na fas trifili)
In the election of 2019 the Golden Dawn (fascist) party didn't get any seats in the parliament
We're pretty sorry that after 400 years of Ottoman occupation we couldn't travel in time and bring Sir Norman Foster to design our state buildings.
Then the Byzantine Empire, that were basically also Romans, influenced the religion of the region making many neighbouring countries/regions Orthodox Christian by sending apostles
[Here's] a Greek song about the Siege of Sarajevo.
If the mix of crusaders, bulgarians, infighting byzantines, turks and the level of intrigue and bloodshed that accompanies them isn't good enough for you, I don't know what is
Maybe they meant cunt
Greece also loses the small coastal town of Parga  since it was a part of the Venetian Republic
Well you can't always study and learn everything but here's how the structure is
I was in Sicily for a while and I was always amazed by how dirty the cities are and how cheerful the people seem to be despite them living with an obviously lower standard compared to the north
* Aegean Islands: Sea-fearer, engaged in the tourism business, *toooo* calm
Bear in mind that when americans talk about white working class, what they mean is rural middle class.
If you ask humble people who know their stuff they'll tell you so
There's indeed exploitation in that industry, but it's literally just another job
This happened to me too
They live in the fucking MIDDLE AGES there
But **just** that
Clowns
Nobody is perfect
Γράφουμε μόνο στα αγγλικά, θα πρέπει να μεγαλώνουν σε υποβρύχια της χώρας. Η αυτόματη μετάφραση θα οδηγούσε πιθανώς σε περίεργα αποτελέσματα.
My guess is that Putin asked Merkel something physics-related because she is a physicist
Hungarians don't want any scary brown immigrants to come into their country, but they also don't want to work more to cover the labor shortage
It wasn't because of some organized anti-terrorist operation.
>Gerolymatos  adds: “The British – and that means Wickham – knew who these people  were
I had it in mind but I'm not really sure which modern country they represent
My grandma had hundreds of those printed pictures.
The Greek public is clearly so well informed about Golden Dawn which has been around since 1980 as well as their ties within the police
As far as I know, we use the word σεισμός sismos for earthquake
If you are subscribed on /r/europe, you can go to the right of the page where it says "community options" and you can set your flair with your country
Edit: Never mind,  I read that you just don't consider him a proper anti-fascist, which makes sense, but you do not support his murder either
You have cheap icelandair flights and cheap hotels/car rentals
Its hard to compete even domestically
Kiriakos Mitsotakis
Just keep the explosives away from the Parthenon and we’re good
..to name a few
Well it gives a different vibe to the photo but the dark photo posted is cool too
I'd honestly go as far as to say that I'm exposed to more English than Greek, and I live in Greece lmao (I guess it also depends on if I go out or speak on discord or wherever with friends on a certain day)
Its was so popular here in Greece that were also versions in ancient Greek
I hope it doesn't become a trend cause we have balconies too
Your country is beautiful
The subway of Thessaloniki begun construction in 1986
To be fair, it's not like we aren't blaming ourselves
I mean, without help from the EU it would be much worse for greece.
who said anything about claims lol you keep missing the god damn point
And internet bandwidth
(1) Greece is a Parliamentary Democracy with a President as Head of State
This is why im usually upset when the same people who made fun of those denying the facts about coronavirus, are now keeping their eyes shit and fear monger that the US is having a huge increase in cases where the cases are actually going down (ill explain why)
What are you talking about
If you have problem with receiving money and you don't know what to do with them, contact me
Bet they're confusing it with Australia
We used to have a gang of abandoned dogs as well but they gathered them up, but they do not do shit about the cats
But kudos to the rulers of the north for convincing their people that there is no corruption there
You don't want to spend all your holidays hunting down laundromat?
I don't think so, Greek islanders are not Balkan at all and Greek mainlanders and generally Greeks mostly look down on the Balkans (it's not like we're in a far better situation, mostly historical reasons).
This is when basically almost everything you know about ancient greece happened and influenced mankind ever since
BTW Why did you thought that you were in Germany ?
> Yet another effort to clean the marbles occurred in 1937–38
In some places and in some tavernas in Greece they serve quails, partridge and guinea fowl/hen
Around 20°C chilly
Κεφάλι, ώμοι, γόνατα και δάχτυλα.
Those strains should all be banned, all the rest legal
>The “LGBT ideology”
I am not saying of course that financial exclusion is not bad, hell, I am a victim of it too so I know what it's like
Apparently, yes
I think changing the name from Czech Republic go Czechia,  because it "sounds" better , doesnt make any sense
How come someone more dynamic hasn't come to the forefront?
Within 15 seconds the police starts shooting water at the crowd
+No olive trees
You hear Portuguese on the street everywhere
self explanatory
Thank you komsu
As for Swiss wine, I didn't know that was a thing :D
People were/are passing their exams and they have to wait almost 6-7 months until they can get their licenses
A profundity of surnames mixing those languages, rather than a 'cohesive' surname logic
It has been the case with Greece the last 30-40 years
Had I known about this earlier
Of course you don't care about the truth that you're avoiding to mention
Κυργυζία (Kyrgyzia, Kyrgyzstan)
Slovenia, Kosovo, Bulgaria and Greece chose Russia?
Gen of NATO Andres Fogh Rasmussen: "Why America Must Lead" [video]
Just a thought
It has always been the norm for girls and boys to hang out together without meaning anything else
The fact that we have a deity for every little obscure thing makes me insanely proud
Yep that word can generally point you at the nationality of the person saying it lol
Tbh, in the beginning i would definitely think of running for my life and panic as fuck, but i wouldn't be able to sleep at nights if my family/friends died and i was in another country watching all these shit happenning on tv.My life would be really empty.So i would join the resistance one way or another.
What the actual fuck
Of course, that leaves you with little room for haggling
In Greece the major clubs are multi-sport clubs so there can be incidents in any sport
RemindMe
Agreed
It also literally means river horse (comes from greek)
We are many
“Into  the government mechanism – during and after the civil war, and their  sons went into the military junta
>makes you ready for a bit of the old ultra-violence
You can get REALLY sick if you are exposed under the sun for many hours
-Olga
A culture that derives from years of evolution of traditions that can be traced back to ancient Greco-Roman texts and the Judeochristian credo.
People of that generation didn't have to be so careful with money, so they find it hard to learn to do it in their 50s/60s.
It's something else entirely
Per the Treaty of Guarantee, Turkey was justified in *intervening* in case something like that happened
Everything that has been common sense in every other European country, has been their ideological enemy.
Refugee processing facilities must be built outside of Europe to prepare.
Where did you find the "torture and rapes" part lol
. I think below 25-20 °C is low for the summer only, but in January ,for example, it would be warm , because usually it's way below that
Nigel Farage blames Germany for air pollution in UK cities
I'm often in Puglia and would love to order this
As far as culture is concerned, there are certain people that almost everyone could name, whether they've come in contact with their work or not (El Greco, Solomos, Cavafy, Elytis, Seferis, Merkouri)
Never been
*Indochine* was my first thought.
For those who don't know
When I was last in Ireland it hit humid 25°C and I wanted to die, then came back to Greece and it was dry and 30°C and it felt so much cooler and nicer
If an italian were to tell me their grandfather fought us in ww2 i would maybe tease them a bit but that's all
Every small nearly abandoned village hosts a festival with live music, food drinks and stuff
” He boldly walked right next to his grandmother’s side and just as the priest said “may God bless your soul,” he bravely rebutted with “but there is no god to meet you in heaven
Anything bellow 10 is deadly cold
Totally agree with that
But is it as good as pastourmas
How do you view the refugee crisis?
Also, a family usually buys fresh oil once per year, thus the 17lt size is so popular
Imagine being an American and reading this
Truth is that there were a couple of times where diplomatic help would be useful with Turkey, but as far as military is concerned, so far there has been no need thankfully.
oh yeah no I put greek cuz I felt like it (I'm Canadian british and greek, and I live in Greece 2 months a year, and uk 10 months)
I can't find any statistics for percentage of incidences of sexual harassment reported
As I saw this map, some very warm wind hit my face
Not that he's not popular here, but I doubt he's the most popular.
Friends mess with each other
Never had any of them, unfortunately :(
TL;DR: A surprising amount
In Spain I had a huge room in a shared flat in the center of Zaragoza for
Carry your cultural background with pride with you but don't spit on the ground you're living in, be open, be honest, make friends
>Women detainees would have their children taken away  until they confessed to being “Bulgarians” and “whores”. The repentance  system led Makronissos to be seen as a “school” and “National  University” for those now convinced that “Our life belongs to Mother  Greece,’ in which converts were visited by the king and queen, ministers  and foreign officials
also -atos it Kephalonian
I'm almost willing to bet that in popular airports, the water bottles they make you dispose of bring a really significant bit of profit
What the actual fuck
Then you can't have toxic masculinity and make privilege together
Oh I love this new trend
Look up Kastoriá, Métsovo, Árta, and Pózar baths, they're all quite beautiful places
ΓειΑ σου καληνΥχτα
Thank us later
Do you think they were unjustified
Pontus was part of the original plan too but [something] happened and the Greek population declined.
Don't get me wrong, they were all things that some Greek people do I guess, but that is *not* how a young woman's room would look like (I am a 20 year old woman for context)
And everyone I know does it, too
We also don't dub movies-series and we rely heavily on tourism where English is used almost always
This kind of sarcasm is vague and pointless.
Wanker mine, if think that you can work me, are mistaken
So almost nothing
As soon as you fly to Athens, you need another 45’ flight to one of the cities of Crete island (or 8h ferry), another ~2h drive to a small town south of Crete and another 4h ferry, which you can only catch 2-3 times a week if you are lucky and it’s not very windy
ok guys, don't all jump at once!
* Athinaiko-Makedoniko Praktoreio Eidisewn  [
Officially the Hellenic Republic
its an annual exercise of turkey this year they call it nusret(the notam/navtex for this is almost 3 weeks old) which is a lead up exercise of mavi baline which was the one with the submarine that has ended...(the one that the greek article is screaming about..)
It's a military occupied area
At least that's what they do here in Greece
Crazy that he is basically "ELI5-ing" the basic concept of freedom of speech, in 2020
Welcome to Greece
Hmm nice phrase
**Panagiotis Kouroumplis**, the Minister of Naval Affairs that during the Saronikos oil spill (1st
I read somewhere that there were many Germans living there before WW2
That's more of a village than a city but its natural beauty stands out a lot
At least that's how we have it where I live
We can have both or we can have neither
In Greece we've read: [Odyssey] [Iliad] [Helen]
Δεν μαθατε για τους ειλωτες και το Σπαρτιατικο συστημα δουλειας ?
Obviously they take of their shoes when they want to lay in bed or on the couch even if they don't take them of while enetering their house
I find Malta fascinating
Beautiful, colorful places with reasonable prices, nice food and there's everything for everyone
Live in the Thessaloniki here and 10 years
Greek Civil War
Firstly, the Minoans and inventing the first building complexes, tools, artwork, writing systems and trade networks
I had that once
Yes
Its a slippery slope, if I ban this comic then I would restrict further and further freedom of speech to the point of people having the inability to speak about each other
That said, whenever someone died we (and when I say 'we' I mean my mother, the rest of us just followed) suddenly turned into Eleni Louka: we went to church more than twice a week, prayed and fasted, before finally going back to our normal, religiously indifferent lives a couple months later
Being an actor in Greece is a drama
Automatic translation would probably lead to strange findings
Give that little part to Serbia and tell them to agree that Kosovo is independent now and will never be a part of Serbia.
But I'm hard pressed to name any other good dutch food
Thrace is full of muslims so it kinda sticks out
Ολλανδία (Ollandia, which is Netherlands)
I thought he was gonna be the new UK ambassador to the US.
Usually only supermarkets give 1c, 2c and 5c change if you pay cash
Ah he was on the other side of trouble then, shit
The Greek authorities who until today have obstructed the members of the terrorist organisations, primarily the DHKP/C and PKK that have targeted Turkey to be held accountable in front of the justice, have with this decision once more displayed that Greece, an ally and a neighbouring country, refrains from fulfilling the minimum requirements of combatting terrorism and crime.
Not this time spaghetti man
Ive always been like a 10 min walk from the sea
Can confirm
Eksi(6)
I liked the Iliad more because Odysseus was always one of my least favorite characters.
nope there has been no real investigation on the debt.
We are also a shield for the main bulk of current immigration for Europe whether you wanna admit it or not we are just here to play border guard
Only the classics like Μια ωραία πεταλούδα, Κούνια μπέλα and Γύρω γύρω όλοι
Indeed
Never been to America but damn, African-Americans are *insanely* religious (from what I see on YT)
They couldn’t believe that Greeks can produce a magazine and were especially shocked when they opened it and saw cars being advertised because that meant we also drive cars
I respect his passion for the EU.
Police saves fascists
Marseille= Massalia
Jokes aside, Greece and Bulgaria are the best regional example on how two nations that were bickering with each other for a very long time can put an end to this shit
That is why i mentioned Canada.
\- [this] a 17lt olive oil canister, this particular pattern is the standard if you buy it directly from an oil mill/producer
me too
Yeah that's correct
That's some next level counterpropaganda.
Yes for example George IV is Called Γεώργιος aka Yeorjios or Yeoryios .
but seriously, nationalist particularly romanticize between 1453 and 1821 (The Turkish occupation)
Ευχαριστω παρά πολυ
In Greece it is similar as the rest, bars have "No alcohol sales for persons under 17".
Also, it would be cool if Agia Sofia became a functional church so that I could go one day for a liturgy, that would be very fun
What a brutal sight
There goes the Russian relations again.
I hope you are referring to the fashion show :P
My team had a U-15 basketball game against Olympiacos cancelled because things got chippy and the officiating was questionable, so a bunch of ultras came out of nowhere, threw flares and some of them stormed the court and started beating the referee and chasing the players
His 2015 shenanigans damaged even more Greece's reputation
Does Taffo mean anything in Italian
That's an awesome record
In athens, where I'm from, we call the pita-wrap-dish souvlaki and the meat-on-a-stick-dish we call kalamaki (which literally means straw)
If not for the fact that they managed to make some profit to divert out of nothing but well meanings and hard work(as I said grossly unexperienced yet our best alternative, even though few seem to appreciate this) we wouldn't have the economic growth we have now, but instead the memorandum would have pushed us further into poverty and debt
As a Balkan German I have to agree with you (a German).
Most of them are likely waiting for a "big event" and go all out in attacks.
My mom told me, back in the 80s I think , if someone went to Germany they used to bring back for family and friends in Greece, Nivea products because they were cheaper
Λολ
Boogeymen + destruction of middle class = 21st century nationalism
Imagine the farmers from the island Crete would fly to Athens to party for the weekend with Cuban cigars and then they would take the first plane in the morning and they would go immediately to work to their greenhouse
They didn't die, the Turks killed them.
So the people voting for him are not to blame at all, just the man they vote for.
There is a chance the OP is wrong about that.
This might seem silly but its actually important
On the upside tho, most of them were educated and actually contributed to Greece greatly
Why does it have to specify the nationality of the person
They have a ruler
Lol, hi Maria, Elena, Kosta and Giorgo
Tbh all of byzantine history is better than Game of Thrones
Macedonia dispute started in the 90s.
Great, now I can watch the Spanish Civil War II on my TV
They typically defend it by ignoring all the stupid things Trump says and say "But he's a great businessman, how else did he get so rich
And tbh, I don't find the usefulness of an unarmed police
my neighborhood's school
"In France or Italy, if you fought the Nazis, you were respected in society after the war, regardless of ideology
I'd say Greece usually gets average results if not worrying ones but whatever floats ya boat
Russia has no choice, the nord 2 pipeline looks dead now.
Lmao
I prefer when going abroad and being asked for an ID due to my baby-face , to be able to show something they will believe is legit .
Speaker, I'd likely to put forth the motion to complain about the lack of quality in this meme, it is a disgrace to memehood and does not deserve my upvote
There are many in Greece, all the year long
I think pensioners have it the hardest
The fog of war makes unit movement slower.
At least with monarchs you know they are shit/good
Didn’t like his book either
Small ζ and ξ can get pretty fancy depending the person
How appropriate for Aldi to start in a town called Essen (eat)
At least that's what they do here in Greece
Known as that place that serves horse meatballs without your knowledge
Year 7: Herodotus Histories (Persian Wars) - translated to modern greek
Oh, and an Internet connection as well
To 8ema einai to emeis to xrhsimopoioume anapoda Kai oxi opws to e8ese o OP
I thought more Europeans know Giannis because he is considered on of the top young European athletes
As for dogs if they have a collar you know it’s someone’s, but if they don’t have a collar it’s usually that they are just stray
Not eating or drinking until dawn on a Saturday night
I don't think I need to mention people like Seferis, Venezis, Dido Sotiriou, Kastoriades etc
Greece has like, 2 Jewish people.
My German friends were crossing not even looking if a car is coming
i always use butter for frying eggs didn’t know other mediterranean people literally use olive oil for everything
Correct
Perhaps but most likely not
Single
Greece is a medium sized mountainous country in the periphery of Europe
Armenia because their people, in my experience at least, really like us Greeks
here in Greece people party and get drunk once a week and everyone smokes from a young a young age and our life expectancy is 82
Ennia(9)
3% of Greeks are in danger of poverty
Maybe I'll move if I decide to do master's or a PhD in an other european country but (unless I meet someone or something like that) I don't think I'll stay abroad longer than I have to
4 | 132 | Greece, Netherlands, Denmark, France, Belgium, Hungary, Portugal
Universities, public or not, have their own golden boys as well
one day we see our commander hopping into a jeep and drive fast in the forest
People honking in traffic grinds my gears so badly, ^WHAT ^THE ^FUCK ^ARE ^WE ^SUPPOSED ^TO ^DO
I think that it gets 30+ usually after mid July, before then I think that the temperature isn't as hot, for example June is less warm that August
Coming from Greece you can take a guess with Slavic peoples from the haircut, body type, facial structure, cross necklace and clothes
Sadly there's not a single political party which is really close to me
It could either go really great -Italy
Learning ancient Greek is mandatory, you have little to no freedoms, no phones allowed (although many teachers don't enforce that rule, the fact that English is not taught properly but it is still mandatory for pretty much your entire school life and that religious education is a thing for 2 hours every week
actually its the other way around i think...
Will use this the opportunity for speaking for[about] the cats my
I've watched so many photos of Warsaw she sent and it seems rl beautiful I can't w8 to visit
Ιs there a lofi war and i dont know ?
Despite that I disagree with removing and cancelling any form of art (even though Leopold is one of the few who probably deserved to be removed, from all the historical figures who have had their statues toppled), I have to call it as I see it: This is hypocrisy from the Belgian state
Yup, I tend to follow the politicis of as many countries as I can
I want to live in this place
If you were extra lucky (like me) you had even more courses.
How much more of a hammer do you want?
Many childhood traumas as you can imagine..
My guess is that in smaller villages (which we have a lot of) there are very small classrooms which would offset the ~25-member classrooms I’ve also experienced in cities, giving that ~17 average
how do they think they can get married or be taxed without a file
I find your art excellent but when I think of an average Greek home  I think of kinda ugly multi story houses( and a view of the Acropolis for extra detail) That would be more representative in my opinion, but that might be just because I grew up in Athens
Happy revolution day for you too then
Modernizing a country can't stand as a factor of greatness alone.
I mean enough is enough with the Santorini sunsets or the middle European castles within lakes or gothic-like churches that are in thousands and all look the same
Autokratoras is the word for emperor
Yeah but I think Sparta can qualify as a city
As a result even the most reasonable greek harbours some prejudice against Germans and especially the German government
It's becoming a problem in rural areas and farmers are getting desperate.
Europe: just let them have that sunken shitspot noone else wants
I mean, as most point out, I think it's quite usual among metalheads, and I've seen some non-metalheads maintaining a man bun as well, but overall, I don't think it's that common
There's the obvious Western/Eastern and bigger Northern Southern divides but they can mix a bit
I forgot /s
I also know some stereotypes about the mannerisms of each place ( like southern hospitality, that the people in NY or NYC are blunt, lol I am not sure if that counts as knowledge , but I learnt that from New Yorkers)  some jokes about them (like florida man, alabama jokes) some local cultural  stuff like southern rock, Gumbo from Louisiana . I know some very basic things about the climate of the US regions
Germany or Poland
UK: Despite the Parthenon marbles, which are really important to us, we like you
Medieval text are easier still to understand at least get a general idea
i've only ever met 2 people over the age of 40 that know english, one was my english teacher and a Greek that grew up in Canada and came back
Nuance is not a word these knuckleheads understand
you choose
I came from a major tourist area, Greece, and alwasy scoffed on why people focus on the touristy attractions.
Yes
We've had a lot of people assassinated but I'm not aware anything like that
\[Source: My father's paternal village is nearby
The way I explain it to people usually is "I like to look at it, but from a safe distance" lol
Of course
Let's not repeat the era where the church owned half of Europe's land, had practically unlimited wealth, and controlled people's minds throughout Europe
If you're gonna eat souvlaki, for the love of God, eat it wrapped as it is, just hold it and bite it, don't open it up and use a fork and a knife
That's basically free advertisement.
2015-2019 is not taboo just controversial
I would say the opposite happens, meaning parents trying to keep their kids at home for as long as they can
Trashy club music, but goddamn I love both of these
What a Russian leader that wanted to atone for its crimes against Ukraine would so is offer reparations.
I was considerring to reply, but you covered pretty much everything
Everyone likes what they like what is your problem
Cats on the other hand are deliberately used as pest control
Ukraine: Yellow, red and just a tiny bit of blue
[This is the video .]
Some Greeks have trouble understanding this, and it's even become a political game: if you go to Greece and start talking anc
What a great day
I think that's mostly true for countries like UAE, Saudi Arabia etc , based on my experience if they know that someone for example is Algerian then they will call them Algerian and not Arab
I served in the airforce and just like every soldier in greece thinks, it was a boring job and a waste of time.
Yeah we're obviously all brown duh
Shit, I didn't even know
Christianity did bring the dark ages, so I would say it totally did.
We have some of the lower paid jobs in Europe, but, unlike other countries with low paying jobs, we also have some of the higher prices
Well it depends, i was there in a november and it didnt smell but was flooded all over.
So it's not what's in haggis (although I don't get what oatmeal is doing there), but rather the stomach part and its whole appearance that make me never want to try it
ton's of refugees all over Europe try to pass Greek borders so they can move to Turkey
I feel like you haven't been to the UK until you've been anywhere besides London
You're essentially equating disbelief/lack of belief to believing, as in, you're saying there's a leap of faith involved for atheists to reject belief in a god, which in my opinion is a misunderstanding of the term
John Capodistrias, who was a statesman, is quite known for bringing the potato to Greece
I live in Thessaloniki
I never knew that
From Socrates, to Cicero, to Magna Carta, to the US consitution, to the nationalist revolts in Europe, to the EU if you may.
Haha, I was just kidding(lol I know it's obvious)
Usually coastal areas or islands don't have that good of a quality water and buy bottled
Eh, the article is specifically mentioning trolls, bots and "devious" algorithms, but the implication it's trying to pass along is as subtle as a punch in the face.
100% feared for my life and would never visit a romanian road again
There's a ton of other places that are not visited which are a must go
100 εκατό (ekato)
Around 20°C chilly
Opening a new front in the Aegean would leave the East vulnerable to Kurdish attacks.
Noise
Plato is the best
I am from Crete and I have lived in Heraklion, Chania and Thessaloniki, all good
I m sorry you misunderstood me.
Perks of living below water level
Totally, i mean, mosquitoes in november (global warming and all).
Economically
heroes can be everyday people like doctors who save lives, and yes, people who fought off Nazis and liberated others are considered heroes.
From what I know, pork, unlike beef, really needs to be cooked in order to be safe for eating :/
You are right then
It does look a bit like it though
Definitely not Nordic, because of Finland and their vodka.
* Our vowel system is SUPER easy
You shouldn't be judging people by their flairs.
I guess that makes us your colony
Pastichio at least once a month but if it's eggplant season, mousaka takes it place
But some of them, aren't from the US South, they just like these words or the US Southern culture in general
Quantum mechanics
3rd: 1453AC \~ until today (Here we give more importance)
I can't choose so I'm gonna mention two :)
based
But Greece isnot like Romania for example, where you had a communist regime and so on
And you have to think that if you dug even deeper you will find Ancient Greek/Macedonian structures
I'm convinced that you're not given a permit to start a business in the food industry if the name of the store is not some kind of pun
Also most people don't dress like these photos
There are many places, from the Champagne region to the Netherlands with names finishing in -ange, such as Bourtange(second pic), Hagondage, Florange, Gandrange and so on.
Not as much in Greece but when you go out(in places) as a non-smoker ,you are surrounded by smokers .Fuck that!!
(I am asking since you are both from Finland and Russia
They constantly disrespect Greek and Cypriot territorial borders, now they do the same with Syria because they do not like the Kurds
It is only a problem in semi-rural/urban areas where people go to abandon their pets and whole beards form that the locals can't take off
He is pretty active on twitter.
It is a reminder of bad neighbourly relations and irredentism as this issue stems back around the time of the Balkan wars because as Slavs were pushed out of Macedonia they created a grudge that has lasted until this day.
Could you please elaborate
10 δέκα (deka)
(this may differ from house to house)
It would be interesting if the tax records of the last decade, of all the higher ranking officers in those unis went public
If I was I would admit it, but I'm Greek
• bro, but make it gender neutral (sis is rarely used)
In Greece you can't sell 0,5l of water for more than 50 cents and 1l for more than 1 euro
Special mention to three of the founders of the Filiki Etaireia, whose names we -or at least I- memorized thanks to a short quote, "A blonde jackal wearing a cap", Xanthos, Tsakalov, Skoufas)
[72][73] The cleaning process scraped away some of the detailed tone of many carvings
No Athens = No democracy and Nice architecture
Ministry of Defense here too, I doubt anything suggesting offense exist, I assume in countries where it's not named ministry of defense it would be something like ministry of military or something like that
I've only driven to another country once, and it took about 7 hours
Few tables further down two semi-old (I mean I was at school, anything above 25 was "old") ladies were staring at us
Edit: I was also surprised by how the phonology of Finnish is almost identical to that of Greek
Albania of course
In europe we have national identities, because the EU identity is still very very weak.
Yeah, there are also cities all over the Mediterranean with Greek origin
Maybe I could think of some better stuff but I don't know
The ID has english in it too, 2
I love that Greek is a very rich and descriptive language
That's ridiculously beautiful
They don't have the senate, they can't actually do something in the first 2 years and if they go with 'bi-partisanship' and working things out with the republicans they will lose the mid-terms election even harder as they will neither have support for their policies nor will thy have anti-republican sentiment like the anti-Trump sentiment that exist now
>Hippopotamus
Everyone agrees that our politicians be they right, left or center, are corrupt to the core
Spain and Italy have cultures similar to ours
So that we can exit the European Atomic Energy Community gracefully?
Btw why would someone be proud of being of Illyrian origin
Spain you win
Medieval Greek, I understand with a few problems, although usually it's because they wrote it weirdly, without gaps or with shortened words
Serbians and Armenians are our bros for life
There's a bit of rivalry with Thessaloniki and people in the country sometimes get annoyed by Athenians when they visit because they don't know anything about living in the country, but that's it
I thought it was akin to phrases such as πρώτον, δεύτερον, etc
it's never other countries starting conflicts with Turkey
Not many castles really, I have visited one in Heidelberg though
Pff
None, they all sound like barbaric gibberish
and in a way Tsipras too...polls are agaist him so having an enemy from outside helps him get some favors , i guess.
Are they Croats now or did they convert back to Orthodoxy?
I'm 189cm in the country of dwarves
Sometimes they succeeded and sometimes they didn't.
Other parts of Greece:
It would make much more sense if it were pronuced as "bē bē" like in most languages of the world, and in fact it is
Did I say something negative for Serbia now?
As we see here the US had its first cases couple of weeks after Europe in general
Jesus christ is that a 43
And the northerners taste a little more bland but have a nice refined texture
water mill
With Castor and Polydeuces, things are more complicated
In some regions the word βερβερίτσα (ververitsa) is used, with its origin being slavic
But there is not much traffic,  so I guess the situation is better than the center
As for others, they're wrong
Only notable thing in Athens
Its mostly lack of political will
It was also the start of the Trotsky-Stalin rift
1600 - no data
but the last decade or so things have subsided
Also this pic is from 2015 and I heard they changed them for this year.
We don't really have long place names, the longest I can think of right now is Αιτωλοακαρνανία [etoloakaɾnaˈnia] at 15 letters
Hot : 36°C and above
edited
Metro is generally much better than taking the car when there's traffic
I'm most definitely bugging Danes with sunscreen this summer
10 déka
Not particularly ugly but there's a girl in my class named Νεονίλλη (Neonilli)
I would love to dismiss your comment, but I have to get me EU Approved German Paycheck so I can go to Mykonos.
Have a bad feeling we're not goint to hear more about him and sadly we will probably forget it too
Just because Putin decided this week to unblock the Visa ban to Turkey does not mean Russian tourists will suddenly flock back, it will take a lot of energy and resources to accomplish that.
There is very little you can do to ensure that you'll get a good one, just vote and hope for the best
1932 bankruptcy
"For us, German responsibility means acting together.
Either way though, my point wasnt to say "oh USA did better than the post tells us grrr grr
I can easily say brød but I can't for the fucking life of me say hedder
Meaning to sail a sailingboat while also "helping" to boost the speed using the motors at the same time
Below -5 it's freezing
.Erdogan is acting like Kim jong-un.
The announcement was issued after German authorities, who identified the suspect as a fugitive from Greek justice, criticized Greece for failing to issue an international arrest warrant when the Afghan violated the terms of his release from prison.
Cold: -9°C -- -2°C
Hmm but that applies even if you study enough and get your degrees
I like how macedonia is simply macedonia
It seems he has the image of some nationalistic hero.
Malakes
There are many islands with only a few hundred or thousand permanent residents, I am sure it can feel 3rd world to some.
Checks out
>Identified by whom as English though
The GM of the hospital he worked for was recently found out he had 4 (four) forged diplomas
I i don't have another plausible explanation.
I've never visited a shittier city in terms of traffic and driving behavior, overall even more chaotic than Athens
Well, it might be different overall, but in the area of Athens where I live, it's maybe like 40% English alphabet and 60% Greek
There used to be three or four different dialects from Asia minor but they are mostly/almost dead because of the Greek genocide and uprooting
nero = black,
When I was younger, I always felt it was too "heavy" for me, probably because most of the songs are about drugs and poverty
I believe that it is obvious that by “EU” we mean “countries in the European Union” and we condemn the fact that they (Germany,Spain,Italy) put fiscal gains over an idea and an institution that they created, the European Union
Ever heard of the Greco Turkish war
Same in Greece
Although Erdogan seems more and more to trying to distance himself from the West, and that's a problem
the legend says that they even reached the southern part of Crete island in Cret
Am Greek-American but we celebrate our name days every year in honor of our names' patron saints
Of course it could be a historical map or something because Serbian lords had conquered parts of Greece, but I don't know.
have you even looked through this thread?
Many of you probably won't know, but we have the biggest fleet of merchant ships worldwide
I was insulted three times
You can't force people to be attracted to something they're not for the sake of being politically correct
Otherwise the Army if you can be accepted into the Academy
The castle of Bourtzi, Nafplio Greece
Ρωμιοσύνη, Ρωμιοί, Ρωμιός, Ρωμιά in the Greek language means ethnic Greek that follows the Greek Orthodox Faith
I see everything wrong in him with todays Greece
I've had my fair share of gyros pita ;) Never had bifana though
There are almost no traces of the 2000 years that have passed since then
\- pros: its COVID free, no curfew in place
The CHP panders to nationalists and is pretty statist when it comes to the economy.
And they had ads with some people drinking Mythos in different countries
I can understand maybe a few sentences
I'm in a fairly upper class suburb of Athens and half the boys we meet are Iasonas, Achilleas, Mathaios etc and the girls are Nephele, Danae or Evelina.
Also, we rarely drink ouzo
Yeah, we’re having a #MeToo moment right now
We are very big on food here and Greek cuisine is comprised of many extremely tasty local cuisines
But I think we have the potential to improve both economically and socially
I have love/hate relationship with British tabloids.
lol
The way you describe him, it seems he's a good fit to the current political climate and could be the most fit to win FN.
Μαλακά (malaká) = Softly
Good fucking riddance
Milk Gang
I always thought is was a very cool looking Viking symbol
There is **huge** nationality discrimination in Europe as it is, let alone actual racism
He looks like someone doing a bad impression of Trump
It also doesn't help that many of these loans were funded via the tax dollars of other Europeans which I feel is wrong as well.
Κάνει τον κινέζο/Kánei ton kinézo: He tries to pass as inconspicuous, to avoid trouble, like a stereotype about the Chinese says
(got tired and didn't put a link in the last ones)
We're making progress
my dad and Grandpa (grandpa fought in the battle of Crete) use the phrase "Οι Γερμανοί ειναι φίλοι μας ε?" (The Germans are our friends right
Everybody knows that Greece +  Turkey is a bad combination
To spoil you for choice, here is an equally awesome one: [Κραυγή - Ψαραντώνης/Μάριος Λουπάσης] [Psarantonis] is a chapter on his own, his voice is timeless, like the primordial mountains
We share lots of history, mythology, and even modern day cultural aspects (especially western regions of Greece), plus the phonology of (modern) Greek is entirely based on Latin, and it all started with them defeating us ~2150 years ago
Not stupid , just something that I remember lol
Most right wing parties are considered right wing because of their free market policies.
Herbs yes but not spices
I'm freakin' pissed with Greece's lack of proper management of EU development funds, let alone the fact that the UK has also been heavily funded, but somehow skewed a large portion of public opinion into thinking that the EU is some kind of oppressive regime
&#x200B;
definitely sounds the best to me, and if I had to choose a Nordic language based on grammar or vocabulary, I'd still choose Danish
1) taxes only increased in the last 9 years, and they increased a lot.
I used to believe in everyones right to privacy.However seeing all the shit people are able to do and write when they are (or think they are) anonymous changed my mind.
Half the people in my friends circle are albanians I love albania
So I think that because of that reasons they gain some popularity separately from the USA
Of course it's a valid argument.
Bulgaria is an option, too
- Athens does have some nice parts with natural beauty and nice architecture, but its concrete jungle part can be overwhelming
The revolts I'm talking about were the Janissary stuff.
You guys certainly are a southern country
Remember Bismarck trying to Kulturkampf ?
I don't like it either
No, I don't understand where you're going, I wasn't remotely talking about "real Greeks", you brought this irrelevant thing up, and now you're asking me about what definition of 'Greek' am I using, as if there are like 100 definitions
The term came to meaning "traitor" during the occupation because collaborators would wear hoods when identifying suspects
Embarrassingly uninformed
But shit hits the fan when someone(Greece) starts claiming it exclusively just for them selves...
Me and basically everyone else I know who lives in the suburbs avoid hanging out in the centre of Athens at all costs because it's ugly af
Edit: okay I was exaggerating a little bit, we actually have a few things to brag or to be proud about our capital
Most of the times last name is taken from the father , but I know some people who took it from their mother
I like how this sub went from forts-to castles-to cattle-to kettle within a few days.
So u have chosen fart balls
A better way to show this would be something like this:
Thankfully not really, except for one: Χρήστος, and the female version Χριστίνα.
I doubt he ever left, you can make billions just making 2-3 trades a year in commodities in the right time/place.
νοσταλγία (nostalgía) from the word νόστος + άλγος (álgos) = pain
That is cretan raki or tsikoudia as it's also called.
- 1900s. In the 20th century the official language and written language was different than the spoken, heavily borrowed from ancient, so for me as a young person can have a few hick ups etc
There have been answers about Greek already but I'll mention the opposite effect
And the thing that annoys me the most is the word καινούργιο (kainourgio) which can be written as καινούριο (kainourio)
Not feeding that one stray cat that sleeps outside your house everyday
by the dreadful sword you hold,
Killing
And Trentemøller of course
"The lobster" and "voyage to Cythera" for Greece
Yeah, it's a common joke in Greece that if the cops catch you with x amount of weed, they will report that they caught you with x minus a gram because they'll keep it for themselves
Hey we have something similar too
I guess that's something
It would be more correct to put a Slavo-Macedonian one since there actually was one in Greek Macedonia.
That's so dope
The way media and certain politicians almost turned the Greek and German people against each other, several years back, was disgraceful.
They said; whatever is fine as long as its correct
You may laugh but a gay brigade can f@#k you up.
For example I got into the top 500 of my country and probably in the top 300 in my field and failed to get into electrical engineering in Athens that accepted 250 students a year
But are any of them particularly taboo
And knowing the way history tends to repeat itself, I'm a bit worried about the years to come and especially about water
And some people want it abolished
Yea the fact that other Ottomans didn't agree with the ideas of Kemal doesn't make Kemal less Ottoman.
> Keep in mind: I am Greek
Greek Farmer's Market Edition:
Same goes for the heroes of the first world war, the Balkan wars, the revolution, and everything else, we have nothing to be ashamed for
On a long enough timeline the survival rate for everything is zero
I think it depends on the neighborhood of Athens
We have a lot of both of them, I guess
As has been demonstrated multiple times in both older and especially recent history, democracy cannot just be forced - society must first evolve to embrace it, and society needs a lot of time to change.
And unsurprisingly, there was someone that claimed similar but different weird stuff.
Welcome to the "Trigger Union"!
Following the Greek War of Independence and the establishment of the Greek Kingdom, Athens was chosen as the capital of the newly independent Greek state in 1834, largely because of historical and sentimental reasons
I like how 5G can barely pass through tree leaves yet people think it can cause serious issues
He then gave women the right to vote and made homosexuality legal even though there weren't any LGBT movements and the feminist movements had little to no influence back then
Don't forget currency moves, however.
If you think the others, like the EU for example, is to blame for every single thing, which was what I wrote, is just stupid
Yeah but how will that affect politics in Germany
I've been asked if that is the Cyrillic alphabet
Parents being present at a kids' party is quite common in Greece for really young individuals (~ <10yo), or at least that was the case for me anyway
It's not the same word for both singular and plural
That'd be correct, Finnish has 15
Steve from Fox News
Look for LIDL or ALDI stores they have them
I have seen people that I thought that they were Greeks but it turned out that they were tourists
My thoughts in the Beirut blast
They are considered the successors of the Roman empire just about everywhere in the civilized world
Also moon=Feggári (neutral)
I think Greece could be a nice hand as well
The ever-present possibility of a much stronger country declaring war on yours, led by an authoritarian lunatic is really really bad
Yeah and it has nice taste
Those are the only nationalities I've eaten so far
This is not a question on whether the Balkans belongs to Slavs and Greeks.
Yeah, the venetians suck big time :p
What a tragedy .
Lol I kinda laughed with this
Ασε μας ρε ξεφτιλα που μου απαντας και στα αγγλικα
I guess you were abroad when Themos Anastasiadis hosted Germenis on his late night show, published fake news of the Golden Dawn lads who protect grandmas from immigrant thieves when they go to the bank or when lifestyle shows talked about Kasidiaris with the swastika tattoo like he was the new hot guy in town
used to be a lot but since it became common knowledge that sunbathing can cause skin cancer a lot less
It's not the most popular method but I know people who do it during the winter
We say "in Kolopetinitsa", a small village near Delphi, for something isolated and forgotten
I think that states are far more know than counties or provinces or regions in European countries like the one you mentioned , because US states have a bigger degree of autonomy (about policies, laws, taxation etc), US states are more powerful and richer that the average region in an average region of a European country ( for example California would be one of the richest countries if it was a sovereign state) and many of them have the size of a country
It isnt the major thing when it comes to burial traditions.
i've had 3 surgeries and i'm only 17, the only thing we had to pay for was snacks
Maybe because it was founded upon an already existing ancient greek city
We have an island called  [Ρω]  (Ro)
100% summer time cause i'd rather wake up before sunrise than have sun down at 6-7 pm
They are living, breathing museums, I would be awestruck everyday
That's what happens if you want to reap the benefits but not pull your weight of your membership in the EU
Pretty interesting, how many are there now
I didn't say that they were Bulgarians or whatever, I don't care.
Agreed , in the end nationalism hurts both sides and the arms race is rediculus
That's how I recognise the difference ;-)
Duuuude
We are not sure if Homer's Ithaca is today's Ithaca.
So true
It's awesome, we all have our personal oil buckets hahah
*Google steps up its public efforts to diminish European concerns over its mobile market dominance, and it’s doing it with the power of GIFs*
Now, about nazis etc
I don't mind at all
such as their "alliance" with Nazi Germany.
go murder some kids to steal their land
I once saw a number but I ate it.
Darn Romans copy everything >:(
Btw, who is the Vangelis you mentioned?
Venice could be a great tech hub city but you need a lot of money to do that.
Europe, Asia, Africa, N and S America, Oceania, Antarctica
She'd show us videos of her time in a Greek military camp in Somalia before she'd come to live here, and it was an eye opener
Boy did someone pull a wool over their eyes.
As another comment said, Berlin felt
In greek its either καλομαθημένος (someone who is used to living easy/well), but also κακομαθημένος (some who is used to living "bad") (bad meaning spoiled)
I spend most of my time in the livingroom
Never had them, but they do look delicious
The issue isn't that you can't be OK without the EU
He has stopped shouting from the window lately.
You should've put a NSFW warning
For other cities, someone else might know better
>makes you ready for a bit of the old ultra-violence
I am not talking about saving the planet
A lot of dumb farmers or dog owners in general abandon their dogs after they feel that they are not of any use anymore and so we end up with a lot of stray dogs.
Then very few people in the world would give a shit when the Gestappo would move Jews into Ghettos and labor camps before the war started.
What exactly are they
I would say New Years Eve cause all people  are cheering, they celebrate and they gather to eat , drink and have fun, outside there are fireworks and the atmosphere is generally cheerful
what kind of site is that ? I've literally never seen it before
There are compromises, sluggish bureaucracy, economic issues, social issues, you name it, but the truth is, we've also enjoyed long-term prosperity and peace under it, and I want nobody badmouthing my EU
1 | 135 | Germany
Happy to help if it's all Greek to you and you need clarifications or explanations
Fifth Century BC - Literally Called the [Golden Century]
UFC Middleweight champ Israel Adesanya
She said yes imediately which surprised her family since they had many suitors but she disliked all of them
Maybe south Italians can compete us, but definitely not the central and northern Europeans
Yes, by a couple of monks that adapted it to the needs of the Slavs
(no offense)
The fact that no one blamed the pilot along with the militants its because "muh Russia is evil Russia"
Based
From more modern times, some warlords of the Greek Revolution like Kolokotronis, Karaiskakis
I left Greece in 2007 for University, totally thought I'd return after my studies but it turns out there are no jobs for me to return to
So are you talking about Alexander the Great or Eastern roman empire?
You're making a fool of yourself, log off and spare us the secondhand embarrassment
the former and the latter
The time thing
I'm from Thessaloniki and we mainly solve problems by saying "χαλαρά" and then going for a beer
Gavdos island
It has an altitude of 1
That's how it started but it's not why it became a world war.
And the Olympic games, the theater, battles about freedom from Persian empire happened because of ancient Greek religion ( or at least that was the excuse), so we should also honor that religion and have such a symbol in our flag
Famous German twitters(Borussia Dortmund, Boris Becker, Javi Martinez) hacked, tweeting in support of Erdogan's regime and calling Germany and the Netherlands nazis
That makes it so hard to be a part of any society and rather form a parallel one of their own.
I just heard it and I like it, even though I don't understand the lyrics
This means literally "you turned the hair into strong rope".
I want to die: -10°C and below
Also, the main opponents of unification are usually citizens of the "big countries", that think they will have to go backward and get the short end of the stick in order to help the smaller countries, something that -admittedly- already happens to an extent, within the eurozone especially
Juppe will not replace scandal-hit Fillon
English is taught in a lot of countries, has a lot of media to practice with and motivate you to practice
They also don't have to pay any VAT because reasons.
I like discussing with people on this sub
I also don't want to be robbed or killed for a several hundred euros iphone
Do you believe in Zeus
If you are subscribed on /r/europe, you can go to the right of the page where it says "community options" and you can set your flair with your country
What will you say when Italy or some other country collapses and EU does nothing to fix it
With EU-backed "debt packages" the debt re-payments will be made in a more smooth way so it is more predictable and manageable.
Both are correct and mean the exact same thing, with Engelados being a more formal definition
Putin will enter Belarus and annex it any day now
Plato is the best
It used to be a lot more free-wheeling, though
After the Nazis left, the communists were a great threat to the Greek Monarchist state, so there was a brutal civil war between fascists/Monarchists and Republicans against mostly communists and other leftists
And this means
I wonder what gives away Greek people
So they are very direct
That should be enough, but also a sense of humour.
So anyone reading this, please dont feel like "oh the virus is over", but check the numbers yourself and use critical thinking
lets imagine a country without electoral vote and hillary wins by popular vote only..
Well there were other parts of the British empire that didn't hate it at all.
Is this a somewhat good picture?
Oh it's not the "we", it's the promise that he will do this and do that and the thing after that, all in 4 to 8 years' time.
TLDR: Novartis was bribing Greek doctors(4,000+) to use their brand of medication, basically turning them into drug dealers.
KEELPNO (our CDC) had to do an emergency information campaign because no, it was not safe to swim in an oil spill
*Nobody* is 100% certain
Also the Byzantines called themselves and their empire Roman
Although, considering he was in the same party with Simitis, I wonder who was the master and who was the disciple
so all we need to solve the climate change is to invade russia
I would take in all the amazing technology they had invented and the pinnacle of ancient civilization before the roman conquest and christian dark ages
we have these in August, Greece, just amazing:)
Also my Hungarian uncle's name is Kolos which means "ass" in Greek
Fought a revolution against an empire while fighting a 3-way civil war at the same time and going into debt through bad management and regional politics, lost in military terms but actually won outright
Interfering in others' business and then turning your back on the problem you helped create is fucking hypocritical to say the least.
As a kid I thought England was another way to say UK
-Alexander
The bite was not taken care of properly and became infected
And lastly, they speak on the fucking phone/smoking while driving
How do you speak German as Swiss
I have the Ac trying to mentain a temperature of 22C in the living room
Possibly this has to do with what /u/Logothetes said in his comment.
I always root with the opponent of Spain and Germany
The bad boy exists elsewhere too, marketed as milk frother
*happy William Wallace sounds*
Always awkward when they ask you how many times you've been to the beach
It would be a shame if something were to happen to it
Adoption is always a thing
we're telling him we've been to the university campus, the castle etc
In 2013, the nightmare nazi political party Golden Dawn,tried to suggest that we should re-establish it,but of course nothing was even discussed in parliament
And according to the guy it is used for hunting too.
What do you think
Why did it bother you
Maybe, if u re a homeless person.
He made it his own though instead
Practical is more necessary
phallus maybe
&#x200B;
She can resign if the parliament isn’t willing to support her deal
It's the same in many countries.
This comment just proves that the Germans have indeed become the good guys.
But generally is not much compared to north-western European countries
You hear Portuguese on the street everywhere
It fell into the HDR kettle when it was but a little pixel
The word is supposed to have been Βυζάριον but the spelling changed with the years.
[Frankly, it looks fucking awesome, not to mention terrifying
You can take the day off some other day even if you work in the weekend.
I'm Greek it's Πορτογαλία/Portogalia, while France is Gallia, and the colour orange is πορτοκάλι/portocali
I can not name a single video game protagonist (male or female) who wasn't hot.
FYI if you dislike/hate google for their practices, you can switch to duckduckgo
In Greece I haven't heard of balcony related deaths or injuries
What's it like living somewhere where the population is rapidly decreasing
AKA "Plato's cave in the Greek suburbia with incest"
I would believe same goes for Spaniards
No,Macedonia is a geographic distribution,so the (Slavo)Macedonians have the same rights to the name as the (Greek)Macedonians.
The form of government of Greece is that of a parliamentary republic
Kalamariá - Squid town
\- Ioannis Metaxas (dictator 1936-1941
" or if there is sth really wholesome going on (of course in an extremely informal environment)
To spoil you for choice, here is an equally awesome one: [Κραυγή - Ψαραντώνης/Μάριος Λουπάσης] [Psarantonis] is a chapter on his own, his voice is timeless, like the primordial mountains
**Syntax wise:** there are minimum syntactic rules in Greek, due to the variety of forms a word can take
Maybe you should edit that comment or they will see you
I don't like it either
3) No it is not Germany's job, however you did and you profited and still profit through the crisis.
The refugee crisis started in Greece in 2013.
Good God, how will I possibly cope with this after getting used to living ,all this time, with only a miniscule-to-mild debt problem?!
Shopping, although you'll need to take the bus outside the centre for the big malls.
It's a really good way to practice /ʁ/ and /ð̠ˠ/ too
νόστος (nóstos) to express our return home after a long absent from our homeland
Did you like it
Didn't you go to playgrounds when you were little, in birthdays
Can confirm
There is no length limit that I have encountered
Then the time came, to pay back
It's lesser known because of the nice stuff going on: nature, beaches, historic places, etc
Geopolitically, Greece cannot be considered “black sheep”. It’s not surprising that Greece was the 10th country to join EU back then
One dead man and maybe someone else,we do not know for sure
IIRC this is a Thing with Paris specifically, the Japanese have a word for it or smth
We loved teasing you guys since 2004 but now that you won it I think we're even.
I'm from an island therefore not Balkan and I'm also not diaspora
The sun and the heat is one thing, the fact that many Greeks are irresponsible and they'll throw out a cigarette butt, or leave their garbage everywhere is another thing.
Remove Belarusian missions from EU institutions NOW
Seriously if you plan to visit Athens make sure to bring a hazmat suit, a gas mask, some military boots, and a portable nuclear bunker just to be sure
Or Czechland (or whatever you call the country in your own language)
I knew nothing of the Irish cuisine before visiting the country, so I had no specific expectations
looks like the little kid in "Asterix and the Spaniards" that always threatened to hold his breath
>I personally like him since he criticed the asia minor campaign
Most of Europe has the same self-defense laws, self defense must be appropriate to the offense
for clarification i live in the east coast of Attica where it rarely goes below 0 (at best once a year)
That's the definition of pandering to his audience.
Jail can be a dangerous place for them, you know
We joke about Albanians and the fact that some of them steal things
In Greece as well.Its was pretty neat.Some other cartoons from the former USSR states were also kinda neat ,such as Nu, pogodi!.
Wow are you describing Greece rn
You get the pattern
&#x200B;
L'État, c'est moi
Okay
No, we just carried the books in our backpacks
1 éna
I can’t currently think of anything
"Rally to kind Zog
In Greece we call it "Αγία ρωμαϊκή αυτοκρατορία". (Agía Romaïkí Aftokratoría) which literally translates to Holy Roman Empire
*^(Not the same song, but it started playing in my head)*
I refuse
#laughs in spanish
We still have an outdated mindset that works to undermine the state
I'm not saying you guys were lucky or something.
Not all people see it this way though and we have to respect it
Poor junkies
I hope that the new leadership of the party will really change some things.
Lol ok
I didn't say they're not Greeks, I said they have descent in Anatolia and Caucasus.
The people demand it
Is the red eastern part relevant to the proximity with Libya and the situation there, or is it some other reason?
b) 1941 when yugoslavia joined the war the Greek command trusted that Yugoslavia would hold out for a while and left no armies on the yugoslav Greek border, so when yugoslavia fell apart all Greek armies in Macedonia and Epirus where surrounded, if we had done that maybe we could've held on longer the last Allied foothold in mainland Europe and without the occupation there wouldn't have been so many Greek civilian deaths (the Greek army was pretty capable and if they weren't surrounded defense was easy on such a terrain, a terrain where blitzkrieg isn't possible)
No problem
I dont believe that this is the case
It's just a matter of economics
No, I do not "know it's true" and I do not appreciate anyone running their mouth or keyboards like they know everything
I don't know what I expected, but yeah, that sounds about right for Germans
Obviously he can't talk like a native but his accent is pretty close to a native's accent.
In the operating stations which I frequent, I do not remember any signs
I was the only one of my friends not to hit it at all
We already have voted a populist Left in greece.
Personally, when speaking Spanish for example, I love people correcting me because this way I will never make the same mistake again
You seriously think you have power over the EU?
-Dont worry friend the sun is still shining, whats there that cant be resolved
How is this "jakubmarian" data always so faulty?
a spoonfull of sugar makes the austerity go down!
Tbh we're experienced in facing difficult situations
It's one of my favorite series and I just have to say it gets even better in the next seasons
so that we BECOME the aliens
Piraeus is fairly large, also they are building a Ship repair facility in Salamis(where ancient battle of salamis took place)
Am half greek / half english, one of the silent ones
It is the case
And now kith
Is that considered rude anywhere
I think South Americans (Argentina Brazil) have the craziest crowds with chants that are whole damn songs and everyone going crazy...
I see a lot of people making that argument and i think it is wrong.
Rest in peace Michael you made us all proud and showed how pure love is for all.
But there is no state of the Northern Cyprus outside the imagination of Turkey, that's the thing
The city is bipolar : it has beautiful parts that are amazing to walk, chat, see, do stuff, and parts that look like an abandoned dangerous industrial zone with shady personalities lurking in the corners (although nothing has even happened to me)
Send me details via PM and I will get to work asap!
Sometimes but not really
Literally all these words are Greek
there's nothing i want more than to see both of us working and chilling together, i mean fck the arms race let's enjoy each other for once
But that also might me a problem , because different words give a different "gravity" to situations
The vineyards, the northern mountains, Tuscany, the southern villages by the sea, the beautiful churches and art pieces, the culture, the food
The ~~pen~~ultimate dream would be a villa in the tuscan countryside with a vineyard, horses and a massive library
True
τόνος = tuna
I also like social democrat but I wouldn't like to put socialist , because I am more of a libertarian social democrat, but I am also pro-environmentalist and supporter of green policies, so I guess I am green libertarian social democrat
(and ofcourse the food)
Maria kalas
-insurance industry
Η γενιά του Πολυτεχνείου;
I have been living in Thessaloniki for 10 years
Might've exaggerated, I'll call him out
Some Greek outlets had reported that Erdogan was attacked by the op for being too soft on Greece
I'd say most Greeks recognize it as the nationalistic anger fueled power grab that is was
Coping with the economic crisis is difficult, but we maintain close family bonds and help one another.
or Greece.Enough!they are more than us now!
Though you can leave your books on a shelf under your desk
I hate to disappoint you but the loudest man-made noise I've ever witnessed was when a school from Italy came through a ferry ship  terminal in Greece,  don't ask me where they were from in Italy cause it was to loud to ask but definitely not southerners cause they were waiting for the ferry to Ancona
The ones from rural places have negative connotations
Belgium
I would like for Greeks and Turks to live peacefully , but obliderating their country
But let me shoot down my own counterargument, true as it is, for I do not want to blame you for not going deep enough once you found a truth that seems to justify your point of view while I myself do the same: it is true that , since the era of Simitis, corruption in this country, which already existed, raged true though everyone on the population
This is the one everyone in Greece remembers it as **the** dictatorship
A priest was standing next to her along with her children and grandchildren, anointing her and hearing her last confessions
Not really but sure
*taps head*
In Greece, when I was going to school, people were telling that if you don't study, you will end up a garbage man
There won't be a choice on who enters the tier by a "higher power", that's now how EU works.
It's all about economics if it comes to the second round.
i'd say the climate produces more warm and happy people but i don't know at the same time
Χίλια - δύο
Although some Greek guy in the comments said we use the "thousand-one, thousand-two,..." variant
You're supposed to renew it every 15 years but no one does and I've seen 40-year-old ID cards used with no issues
Sparta is too south and also almost a village at this point
I really like it, i don't think i could find a better alternative
To the 40 people:
About TV, I meant that we are in 2019, internet and social media era, there are countless sources of information, how is still relying on STATE TV possible
It took me a while to explain to him Greeks don't show up on time and he slowly started seeing the same pattern with other Greeks as well
DON'T FORGET US, WE'RE MORE SOUTHERN THAN EASTERN, LET US INTO THE SOUTH PLS
Georgios Grivas
The pure outrage got me good
Thanks
Are you insecure about yourselves?
I also support EU countries in general
They have patriotic songs but I don't think people see them as fascists
We also say στην άλλη άκρη του κόσμου which means at the other edge/side of the world
... Don't worry, I'll just ban myself
Anatolian christians who came in Greece as refugees brought some things that had turkish influence in them though, like food (mousaka for example)
I think that I have heard that story before
Fuck lukashenko
Also, saying that it was Greek kinda misses the point that the Illyrians were using these types of helmets as the Greeks were the most technologically advanced (''the most civilized'')
yes i m just saying last years 3/4 quarter was kind of special
Thanks
She says the same thing
> Keep in mind: I am Greek
cause you said it like you feel, without trying to offend or not to offend someone.
In the operating stations which I frequent, I do not remember any signs
Probably sometime during the Minoan or the Mycenean civilizations
The balkan countries were fighting back against the occupation by the Ottomans, for their independence.
Pff
Yes, and also the genocide of pontic Greeks
Everyone getting blown up and shot while the Swiss laugh all the way to the bank
A secular Muslim population would soon vote non secular Muslims in power.
Jeez, that's fucked up
Not a christian democrat ( social democrat in disguise ) but a real conservative.
It is the only really big city of the country except for Athens, but still much smaller than Athens
Athens is a grey concrete jungle
Ottomans on the other hand managed to ruin the island.
The reason for the post is that in a few days (7/10/20) there will be the court verdict
Moderate Right wingers hate them cause they played a huge part to the fact Cyprus is this fucked up today and left wingers for obvious reasons
* [Rex Theatre] (1937)
Φασολάδα σαν της γιαγιάς μου δεν έχω ξαναφαει.
It is hard not to be on a beach when traveling here.
>In the summer months, it gets warmer than 30C
I can see how it could be an emotional topic in many poorer eu countries, but think about this, specifically for Bulgaria: There are thousands of Greek businesses which have moved to Bulgaria and Greek money invested in Bulgaria since the crisis hit us, on top of those that already existed there before the crisis.
Pretty sure it's short for Ugkanda, mate
Putin will enter Belarus and annex it any day now
>line dancing is a sin
I went for some food with the family with the same price per person
>Why does it matter if divergent forms of English eventually come to be identified as different languages
Based on my perception, crime depends on the line
in Greek it's  Υπουργείο Εθνικής Άμυνας (Ypourgio Ethnikis Amynas) meaning Ministry of National Defense
in my apt, depending on the weather it's: right and left hot (summer), right and left cold or frozen (winter)
Should java added Peloponnesus for fingers
The guy was no hero,he was quite a fascist himself
So from an early age you learn there is a limit
i notice most of them are women,interesting
One night we were strolling around and I stopped to check something in a shop which room a while
Having no friends over
Ζήσε Μάη μου να φας τριφύλλι (zise mai mou na fas trifili)
The translator of the first book of Harry Potter (didn't translate the rest but set a precedent with her choices, that were followed in the rest of the series, as well as in the subtitling of the movies) changed Tom Marvolo Riddle to Anton Morvol Hert and made a mess that didn't even make sense; the anagram was derived from Lord Voldemort and was actually wrong, since she used two ω and not one ο (they sound the same at greek) even though Βόλντεμορτ (Voldemort) has an o.
This little bust is all that remains of Leopold's legacy
I just wanted to complain for no reason.
Very very very great and honest politicians, modern state
scary
Yeah I'm sure there are, I didn't say it's only German and Greek, it's just that I've never seen anyone mention that you can do that in other languages, and whenever I've seen a fact about being able to do it in German, they usually say it as if it's exclusive to that language
I feel bad for the nomads who have no land and no papers in any land.
Low taxes
Yup, that's the point
This is how Turkey plays ball, all or nothing in every front for a long time.
Means nothing without taking taxation into account
WAIT, hold up, i just saw Germany
115=εκατον δεκα πεντε (which is literally  100 and 10 and 5)
Does Kastra in Thessaloniki count
" Wait what
That's not to say that Germans are bad people and I have anything against them, the newer generations tend to be more indifferent/neutral to German people as well and the dislike is towards the government and of course, the Germans of the 1930s-1940s.
Every
Her party is filled with delusionals (or simply self serving crooks), that prefer a hard Brexit over a fair deal
It's because US is a federal state.
Cold milk is just so refreshing
Well Greek mythology has
kindergarten and first couple of years of elementary with an adult/ older child
They're getting frighteningly closer to the mindset of the jihadists.
Greek sounded like
I think this data doesn't quite do justice to the marvelous enginuity of Greek road design.
• μαλάκα (maláka) = jerk, this one's strictly used on your friends, gender neutral (even though there's also μαλάκω)
Θα σβησω τον αξιολυπητο εαυτουλη σου απο προσωπου γης με ακριβεια την οποια δεν εχει δει κανεις στον πλανητη αυτο, προσεξε τα λογια μου.
Glad to see the locals enforce that
In our minds Italy is the land of sun, wine, songs and joy
&#x200B;
And like Yanis Varoufakis once said about politicians "If you WANT to be a politician, that's the wrong reason
It was debated in the European parliament
I like American foods like some Texas BBQ foods , I liked it very much it was tasty and I liked the combinations they made,  I also like your fast food like burgers
) in the whole world
or even used by the new western affiliated Greek government ,  which was afraid of a communist take over, and with the tacit support of the British went into a period of White terror that was the final trigger for the Greek civil war
Russia is a meme country
The fact that it's only the southeast part sounds pretty good from my perspective
And some people want it abolished
We eat snails too, dunno bout frogs tho
You forgot to add "ancient" to the words Greek and Macedonian.
And this is just one of the member of the incompetent, toxic gang of Mr
In the big cities they won't close the offices and most shops midday though
No, I have not
2009-19 crisis
Greece is the [5th largest] exporter of olive oil, 2nd to 3rd largest exporter of olives (very close with Italy on the numbers)
Us too
I am asking out of curiosity, I don't know the answer
Aromanian or Vlach as it's known in Greece
I think there is a law here since 2015-2017 and it’s obligatory for all stores here to accept payment through card, maybe there isn’t such law in Italy
Romania
Wait all this time I heard this song was not in English
Wait, so can someone just enter into your house uninvited
So I have often made the mistake of saying things like "I lost my bus"
How come
And I also support this post and I believe that we should remember it in order to remember that fascists and neo-Nazis are scums
Taken atop Electra Palace Hotel.
Kind of ironic that the term "fake news" was coined and forced by a group of news outlets which led everyone to believe that Hillary had a 98% chance of winning the presidency and Brexit winning the referendum was an impossible scenario.
) in the whole world
This one time I was flying to Manchester but my luggage ended up in Madrid cause the baggage handler misread MAN for MAD.
This wasn't exactly a war
Not my cup of tea
Funny how the capital city it contains is not
I love olive oil and may or may not overuse it sometimes during cooking
For most europeans religion is something that comes from tradition and you are not going to switch to a different church because they have a better PR campaign
In fact they are some of the most privileged in Greece.
And I totally agree with your last remark
This is bullshit,really.My dad swears a lot,has never prayed in his whole life and the only time he went to church was because of his marriage and his children's baptisms.I once asked him "are you a christian?" and he replied "Yes I am".The question is: Is he really a christian just because he identifies as one?The answer is: No,he is far,far away from being a christian.And guess what,most Greeks are like my dad.
i'd make the blue dark af and leave it at that, maybe design a better naval jack or a COA tho
This means literally "you turned the hair into strong rope".
artography
**Tasia Vhristopoulou**, Minister of Immigration Policy in 2015, said that "there are no immigrants in downtown Athens, just people who are enjoying the sun"
Here is images of another pharmacy in southern suburbs of Athens that also looks cool  [
Αυστροουγγαρία
The reasoning behind this is definitely the economic situation in Greece, bureaucracy, and poor organization which leads to investors foreign and national, being disinterested in investing here
>But noooo,we dont want people to learn about that,but yell about the rapper one idiot killed
> “Nice” becomes “najs” and “mail” becomes “mejl”.
Every country is necessary for EU to exist
Pretty much
I don't know if its the only place, but yeah women aren't allowed there
With women though, that is not completely the rule as they start facing pressure from their inner circle as their friends begin to get married and have children
Lower than gloves needed it's snowing where I am
Not really "in my country", but Cypriots have really hard accents to understand when  they talk to other Cypriots (they change them when talking to us though, nice lads)
Half the big/medium cities of Germany
Too bad it's a pretty hefty charge
As far as the currency it is still very very young, basically an infant as far as currencies go and EU has a long-term plan to stabalize the Currency union with an eventual Banking Union which will take immense pressure off member states.
Browsing through wikipedia I found [this] pic of a pre-Nuragic Sardinian small statue
for example California or Trump's incompetence
And another leftist party ( Mera25 - Diem 25) that took 3,44%.
Cool illustration, but it's a bit misleading not to include massively religious countries like  Romania, Cyprus, Greece, Croatia, Serbia, Malta and more that I probably forget
1000 χίλια (chilia)
Yes but on the other hands it makes it feel more like a joke rather than an illness and some may argue that this can be dangerous on its own.
Some Older Greek houses also have this three prong plug
Driving in rural [Greece]
Special mention to three of the founders of the Filiki Etaireia, whose names we -or at least I- memorized thanks to a short quote, "A blonde jackal wearing a cap", Xanthos, Tsakalov, Skoufas)
Well yeah, but that doesn't prevent us from laughing at their sticky, sweaty misery
Mfw Thessaloniki is considered poor
-Yes, Yiago, I wanted to tell you that I have a lover
* Silver - Argiros
I won't even answer to your racist shit.
Haha we didn't have many other kids around but we would fight each other with anything we could throw
I'm sure the same is true for my Balkan friends too
Let's goo neighbour
He pressed the report button for hate speech
This is exactly what I was about to mention
What sort of sense of security does a monetary system with a revolving front door can provide?
Drinking our ass out, and then wondering why our head is dizzy and our wallet empty
Here's the thing; we write 11 vowels (α, ε, η, ι, ο, υ, ει, οι, υι, ω, ου) but only pronounce 5 (/α/, /e/, /i/, /o/, /u/) so when a word has an /e/ (ε or αι), an /o/ (ο or ω) or an /i/ (ι, η, υ, ει, οι or υι) sound you can't really predict the spelling, unless there's some certain rule to it (e.g feminine nouns end in -η)
You get the idea
Using religion to gain lands,lmfao
I hope there's something the rest of us can do if you need help
In Greece we have a system we call the "panhellenics" Where students write exams and try to reach the points each university/school/academy requires for you to get in
But some words aren't used or they have changed and have different form
They still exist but my kids are too young atm to send them there so I don't know how popular they are now
In other cases, people may even shout something like "εεεεε!" to get the driver's attention but then not say anything else unless the driver doesn't care
I tried but failed to find an easy way to include the [Central European Initiative] which does include Slovenia & Austria alongside a bunch of other countries.
If you think culturally an semi-autocratic, islamist lite country is European then fine.
Many of them, however, are not 100% stray
Atm though we also have had deadly floodings with several dead (among them, a baby), and Turkey problems
This can be done from 15 years of age ( but with parental consent I think since the person is a minor)
leave
It's a dominant mindset over here as well and it's disgusting
Especially the freedom to curtail freedoms...
Not quite easy when he is all over ther place considering his public works and the few numbers of kings.
We also have random sand dunes on an island
I wouldn't love to wake up to a dark sky
Also I would like to  emphasize  that this knowledge is mostly superficial, for example most people don't know  who is their governor of these states or where they are on the map or their capital etc
Which is why I wanted a citizen's opinion
You're not
Based on most comments,  all European languages are very  hard to learn,  or at least that's what their native speakers think
I am glad, however, that both of you not only tried it, but enjoyed it so much too :)
Greek is Ζ and ζ.
Actually they made it in Bulgaria but first taught it in Russia
Haha I wish the children thing was true here, people actually don't have money to raise kids so in the past years after the economical crisis the birth rate is lower than the death rate
For example me as a Macedonian dont have that much common ground with Epirotes when it comes in culture or food
We also use siktir in Greek although it is pronounced sichtiri
Greece: it's free Macedonia/Thrace estate
I'm not against that actually,but some people might find it confusing.I didn't say that the Turks of Cyprus are less Cypriots than the Christian ones
Well, to be fair, they kind of didn't elect **anyone**.
Magnificent
Relief -> happiness
Would you mind telling us your age and area of residence and even your social status so we can understand your perspective ?
You just have to get used to us
In Greece you must have cash with you.
Wow
Judging from the sources, he identified as both Serb and Croat
He has actually tried to do business here but didnt work out well.
Δε θημαμε κάτι
Every single financial indiciator for Greece in 2016 was positive, lower unemployment, surplus that beat targets and foreign investment flooding in for the first time in a decade.
Meanwhile, our government passed a law which says both (paid) colleges and public (free) universities are equal now
Clouds, rain, chocolate, suits and ties, the EU
1^o C. I'm wearing  short pants and a hoodie and feeling warmish
Το φεγγάρι (the moon, neuter)
Greek here i'm not sure what people mean by "spices" but Greek cuisine is definitely not heavily spices based
An unpopular opinion, for whatever reason
Please please please DONT lose hope!
We have a great laography museum too, it's been used for small concerts etc and was donated by a past mayor considered to be the most respected person to have ever held office in my town, but sadly I've never been there, neither to the local winery/wine museum, nor to the theatre/estate an actor built as an homage to ancient and byzantine era traditions
The other lady also mentioned (in German not Greek) that there are others who speak and understand our language
i think that nowdays , he doent even need one, let alone a well-funded organization (to some degree at least).
Instead we use our father's and mother's name, which is also written in our IDs
I wasnt talking about farmers in general.
Didn't had to click the link - have Real Life Lore to thank for it :D
We havent discovered any major depost, i think you are confused with Cyprus.
I have read from  a guy from America ( if I recall correctly) that said that a big downside of public healthcare is waiting time and some European countries that have public health care have waiting times and it’s good that we don’t have that here etc . Except if he meant that there the waiting time there is short or that someone has to wait even for urgent cases
Northeners shop groceries and fuel from Bulgaria and even Fyrom.
-ákis for males and -áki for females
( Some may say the army takes the modernizer role in Turkey but still.
It is nice here
Greek cities lack green
Guys I know we're going through a rough spot at the moment, but we are not literally sinking fyi!
Also the people who took part in The Security Battalions (Greek: Τάγματα Ασφαλείας) or people who cooperated with them
Even in America itself, it's happening.
Being friendly with them doesn't guarantee that they'll see you in the same way
Until recently it was allowed in the metro too - only the electronic, not the usual cigarettes.
Greeks and Danes seem to do that as well for some reason
I think it is mainly a coloring of just whether they are for or against, with the only qualifier being if a percentage is close to 50% (which could topple the other way relatively easily).
Hey we have something similar too
These are fighting words
Well actually I went to see the Little Mermaid when i visited
Go "haring"!
If you come, go to local restaurants that are not seen easily by the tourists
Nice to have you
You should make a car that runs on snow then you never need to charge it up there.
You feel closer to erdogan-led turkey ?
German names are so cool though
I live dangerously
We have most of our classes in the same room
Most are not that great, but there are some crazy good shit like [god's hands turning towards the people to pray
Yep
Did we finally elect biden in europe
I am prettty sure if Fillon gets elected he won't impose a theocracy neither will gay people stop getting married.
But there was a viral video of an African tourist that was very enthusiastic about the Greek language and someone taught him some curse words having him think it was something else
There are liberals in China too.
You will be served good and big portions here
Best time of my life
Same here, except the last two ( I think)
Because the laws are made by old ignorant people, informed by predatory private interests, in order to make the internet behave how the capitalists want it to behave: which is to make them more money instead of to further human communication and the spreading of knowledge
Germans from Stuttgart were like completely different people from the ones I had met abroad (and happened to be from Berlin and Cologne)
So I guess it also depends on the municipality and on the people of each area
her hands are not protected though
for example:
It depends on lot of factors like wind, hydration etc
What is interesting is that Phillip, Duke of Edinburgh was born in Corfu, Greece into the Greek and Danish royal families and his uncle was the King of Greece while his father fought with Greece at the Greco-Turkish war of the era.
Here it's even worse; apart from the two biggest cities (Athens, Thessaloniki) and some tourist places, population is massively shrinking
**Spain (Zaragoza)**: it is literally impossible to get something you need/want done on time
One day I would also like to visit your country :)
For some reason I've seen a lot of hedgehogs the last few days
It's by far my favorite euphemism
Obviously, people from other places might disagree with that, but it is somewhat true because it's a really unflavored way to speak; it doesn't skip letters, or highlight them excessively, etc
If Kosovo gets "returned" to Serbia things will go back to 1999.Kosovo being independent is a better solution.
The simple reality is violence was coming from the left the 40 previous years
From what I know we even opened a new lignite power plant like last year
And lastly, they speak on the fucking phone/smoking while driving
In the north part of the country, near the borders, there's a wide region where people have mostly Slavic genetics and speak a weird Slavic idiom (in addition to Greek, of course) that sounds nowhere close to Greek
Secondly, [the Vlachs were first identified in the 11th century]
In america, a russian-american is called american.
Then we have the government giving you a 13 euro per month payment for 2 years if you do use a ftth connection as part of the modernisation of the internet in the country but of course the small guy with the best prices who first put ftth in Greece in my city doesn't get in this program
And when u say take inti account the confirmed cases, i dont mean "oh we have 4 now it was 2 yesterday so its worse". Obviously the more you test the more positives you will have
You will have quite some raiding to do
1919 war
Wine (originally an acronym for "Wine Is Not an Emulator") is a compatibility layer capable of running Windows applications on several POSIX-compliant operating systems, such as Linux, macOS, & BSD.
F++, would not lend money again.
The referendum is not binding
Thats sad man
Well then I guess he isn't related...
They sound similar
Yes but the Italians arent accused of that like we are as i said.
I have, ever since I acquired the vocabulary for this subject, defined myself as [agnostic atheist] The fact of the matter is that not even the most ardent believers *know* if there's "something out there", they simply have faith one way or another
Montenegro I'll give to you, but Romania is 89% Romanian.
Once I'm done with my army service I expect to get an entry level programming job
The rest I'm too bored to answer ;)
soon more and more were walking into the trees to come back with goofy smiles
Financially we are in so deep shit that I don't see how things are going to improve.
If Serbia wants Kosovo back now is the time to pressure the US through its ties with Putin.
mark my words folks: a day will come, when germans will not need their passport to travel abroad during summer, just displaying their long socks with sandals will be enough
i am honestly humbled and honored that we are the most googled country in cyprus
They are spiritual people
in case you want to buy something
Island life can be tough however especially in the winter
Well I don't know where you lived in Italy but if it was north of Napoli you propably wouldn't have heard it, also for starters people need to know that you're Greek to say it
Eh, at least it seems like a good move from my perspective.
Yeet the child out of the window
And sadly its completely left out of Hollywood, we could see some epic stuff.
Yea, just like u/FlmSavage said it's not popular at all anymore
Στα ακουστικά ακούει yung Light φαντάζομαι
Guess we should start lighting the beacons
I wouldn't mind at all
I say they dont need to explain speech and stuff, its trouble but we can figure it out
Sure there are many awful places when it comes to human rights in the world
Maria kalas
No offence but that might be the dumbest thing I've heard today
Ζήλεια (zília) / Ζήλος (zílos)
I would also really like to learn Spanish but the other 3 I listed are my top priorities in terms of how much I want to learn them
Came here to say this, this band is gold ;)
Mass tourism is essentially a big mass of travelers that are visiting a single place, they usually have no idea how it works, and have no intention to fully integrate themselves because the time they are going to spent there is limited and set.
Females -> -itsa
But if fried potatoes are so good in Belgium then I have to go there to try them
I found what this place looks like in the winter: [link]
Aww ty you neighboors we love you too
Tavuk Gogsu is the shit
I'm Greek, I visit sifnos every year and I have family there
A nickname of his, "Ο γιός της καλογριάς", is based on his mother, as it translates as "the son of the nun".
From what I've heard, their Greek course is also great (and it's complete Greek, not just an introduction)
I'm from Thessaloniki, Greece
Pretty hardcore stuff
Well I'm telling you my first hand experience, which btw was in Italy and not Greece and you still won't believe me, and not only that but you found an excuse for me hearing it, that it's apparently a tourism industry trick
But our own Santa Claus version (actually the two saints have been kind of merged together) is Saint Basil from Caesarea, Cappadocia (today in Turkey)
The trick to survival
>on Italian carcasses
filotimi feminine singular
I spilt my drink reading this ahhaha
who seriously undervalue their own country
That's a lot of rebels in the eastern Balkans.
/s of course (except from the grammar part)
They're Greeks if they feel Greek, I'm not refuting that.
Λετονία (Letonia, Latvia)
I'm sick and tired of these mother fuckers playing dictators in the 21st century
I doubt our media knows that Belarus is even exist
Turkey should not be “fixated” on the idea of joining the European Union
I mean **far** right, so my mistake, sorry for the confusion
He has a lot of blood in his hands and he had many flaws yes but to compare Churchill to Hitler is ludicrous.I understand why an Indian would feel something like that but he takes it to an extreme level.
I would imagine they paid in gold which has a much more fixed value
Greek: Ευχαριστώ (Efharisto)
Who knows
Im an MMA fanboy
Practical -> Technical
Personally, I would like to see what would have happened had we beaten the invading Germans in 1941
... Don't worry, I'll just ban myself
I loved that show
For example, the Slavs who invaded Serbia were outnumbered by the locals, yet they still managed to subdue them and Slavicize them.
That's probably what the British are going for.
Russia played a critical role during and after the Revolution
WTF i hate the Eu now
Still, better than kids praising fast food like souvlaki or kalamaki as the pinnacle of Greek cuisine
One of my relatives had the machine who makes ozonated water, i remember the taste wasn't much different from the tap water
I can finally Roleplay as Icarus
[(Source)]
Btw do you talk with her about political issues like the current events or you are avoiding such controversial topics
People usually talk when they complain about something
I 'm pro-free speech because I think it's better to confront people on their ideologies rather than shutting them down.
Pretty rare i think, I've personally seen it once maybe
This is not a way that a democratic union should be
Repost
He got elected 3 times as Prime Minister, but he didn't own a house, but he rented because he didn't steal money from the state
Overall this compacted the nation into the new borders
essentially a social democrat
We're both NATO members so article 5 isn't applicable.
But you can travel to all EU member states,  without a passport
I had to check wikipedia to get my terminology right, what we have around here (I live in a suburb of the Piraeus) is tahini rolls not tahini pie
Joke's on everyone in the world.
Woah, I am really out of the loop, what happened
First Christians found refuge, prayed and finally had the grave for their material body
Because the laws are made by old ignorant people, informed by predatory private interests, in order to make the internet behave how the capitalists want it to behave: which is to make them more money instead of to further human communication and the spreading of knowledge
I really think Scots should wait 5-10 years for the next referendum to see how things pan out.
Easy for you to say, you never had any corruption to root out
agree, we should ban farting in public.
Maybe the trick is to make them narrower, so that cars don't fit to park
Every fucking one smokes here
Our capital is probably the dirtiest in all of Europe
Give me a break lol
Athens
Cyprus on the other hand has send songs such Gravity, Alter Ego and Fuego in this time span
"Right now"? That implies there was a time when they weren't XD
It was during the time that the seat of power of the Catholics was moved from the Vatican to France that the historians of the time were instructed to rename East Roman Empire to Byzantium for a number of reasons (Orthodox faith, being mostly Greek, outside of the Pope's influence etc)
That one of the Kourites named Herakles who acted like bodyguard or baby Zeus and the city is named after him
Does erdogan do whatever he wants whit less than 50% or just your democracy means nothing ?
Less limiting for us, too limiting for tourists; I've helped some navigate the city when I was studying downtown
exactly this, i always assumed it was because it sounds better
Yeah I was about to say it looks a lot like the Niva we have here
> throw yourself in the gulag
Here in the South as well.I loved it as a kid.Even though i couldnt understand a thing.
If that was the reason why would the state arrest more than a thousand people from their own organised protest
Btw this country still occupies half of Cyprus and still oppresses the Kurds
That he looks like Mr Bean(Spoiler he does)
We use it quite often
More recently, perhaps during the Balkan wars
there's nothing i want more than to see both of us working and chilling together, i mean fck the arms race let's enjoy each other for once
Basically, Germany is governed like South Korea, by the big companies which are also corrupt as Φuck
Nope, I can't explain it correctly
It's quite infuriating when they portray all of Greece as being on a coast
Looks like Nero came in to give them a hand
A sailing Olympic athlete, Sophia Bekatorou, came public about being sexually abused by an official of the Hellenic Sailing Federation in 1998
italian:
[Nice]
That 'kebab removers' meme isn't about the Ottomans.
>Εγκέλαδος (Engelados) = Earthquake, and also a name of a Titan, son of Tartarus and Gaia, who shook the earth whenever he was pissed off
There is no country name Macedonia it's fyrom r/eu need to learn this .
This is a statement I definitely sympathize with even if I disagree with her on principle
Literally every single house in rural Greece has a gun.
I am optimistic about the Trump presidency.
Me best is the usual response for the Armenian genocide saying that it was something done by the Ottoman Empire and not Turkey and now Erdogan can't keep his boner for the borders of his heart.
He wrote that this is another way for poor countries to leech on richer ones and to quote again:
I’m from there and it’s fine if you don’t pay attention to the ‘news’ too much lol
Canada's reason to not be in the EU is because of geography.
I'm a massive fan of spirits from Votka to Akvavit, to Raki, but Ouzo always tasted like peer pressure
Why do you say that
I'm expecting to be taken behind a barn and shot anytime now
There's no such expression in Greece
Never underestimate the people's ability to forget.
BTW What do you like to drink in USA, in the State you live
I watched ,and I don't know why, all the videos I found on twitter and as I mentioned there I think it will be really hard for me to watch action movies and seeing people acting scared, when you ve seen real footage of people's lives being destroyed . Getting older makes you realize other aspects of something this magnitude happening .
Giorgos Papandreou for sure, he's the one who put us under the EU supervision with the first agreement which many politicians now agree that they knew that before signing it that it would bring disaster to Greece, but they did sign it
Thank you
Why were they egging on the Ukrainians then?
Isn't that a French thing
Πάω για ξεφόρτωμα (I'll go unload)
First of all the [Sirens] (which is from where the mermaids are inspired from)
It is going to happen eventually, Europe's future can't depend on the whim's of Erdogan.
I'm really late to the party, but sometimes I'm surprised how much American culture has influenced our own here
Sometimes it does, and I'll generally appreciate the effort considering how difficult Greek is when you don't grow up speaking it
Almost nothing
I haven't see anyone like that in real life, only on the internet, so I guess a small percentage of them might exist, but might be ashamed to say that the earth is flat because they know it's wrong
That's true ,even though the official name is βασίλειο των κάτω χορών , kingdom of Netherlands
There's carols specific to the day, there's a ceremony where the priest blesses the waters during which he throws a cross inside the sea, lake or wherever the ceremony takes place, and swimmers rush to find it, with the person finding it having good luck or something like that
Lol
- Volos: I'd go to this mainland port city for its tsipouro tradition (they serve tsipouro with an array of delicious small dishes - meat and fish - at low prices)
Ah the fonts
As far as culture is concerned, there are certain people that almost everyone could name, whether they've come in contact with their work or not (El Greco, Solomos, Cavafy, Elytis, Seferis, Merkouri)
"If it happens, it happens" attitude
I'm tired of eating it hahah
Yea and according to you cultural relativists Europe's geographical boundaries extend all the way to Iran and Syria.
No offence, but I always thought that Greece was Gondor and Turkey was Mordor when I was reading the books.
What do you mean probably
After all, this government is looking forward to a bright 4-year austerity future of making the rich richer at the expense of the poor, and don't want that getting terminated early by any violent societal pushback, spearheaded by the students
Greek here
I can't imagine myself eating them without ground beef
It seems fake to be honest
Μάχου ὑπέρ πίστεως καί πατρίδος! Ζήτω τό ἔθνος ἡμῶν εἰς τούς αἰώνας τῶν αἰώνων!
It's just a wasted potential, it could be much better
Go to the dodecanese, you can take a boat to Turkey for weekend if you really want.
This guy explains it very well in 6 min
We still have yet to reach 100 years since the country took its definite form
Again, I might be spouting bullshit but that's what makes sense to me
The plan here is perpetual can-kicking , as long as the markets and banks are well isolated.
Sure, it's a salad, but the ingredients are well mixed.
Thank god I guess
Beautiful beaches
I usually got good grades in that subject
Now that's beautiful
Otherwise, Greece winning the Asia Minor Expedition
Plus, this is [more than just a veto]
"Οι Γερμανοί είναι φίλοι μας" (Í germaní íne fíli más)
Which is also not a sustainable way of life
Actually there are bike roads in Athens like these   [  [
I know someone who
Ofcourse he wasnt great, maybe not even good but in my eyes he was just better from at least 2 of his predecessors.
Cyprus
We also have a lot of jokes in the form of: There was one Italian, one British and one Greek etc
"[75]
Lobbying via money goes against the fundamental equality that is inherent to the democratic system, one vote per person
The Soviet Union avoided sending aid
Yeah I remember greek profs telling us to follow "general rules" when writing essays yet never bothered to actually inform us of these rules
*Italy and greece cry in ancient*
I remember reading somewhere though that during the period of the fall of Constantinople, there were no Greeks left in the western coast, they had probably sought refuge in the Greek islands.
Istanbul= Kostantinoupoli (Constantine town)
-->And yeah , that's what I think too
I have a sentimental sweet spot since it is my fathers birthplace, but the local dresses([Example] from a specific part of Macedonia, close to Thessaloniki look pretty bad-ass for folk costumes, especially since folklore claims are combat/war connected.
I thought you were banned for denying the armenian genocide anyway?
You're right about that, cause the other book was Euripides Iphigenia in Tauris and it was actually much easier
In the Louvre, the victory of Samothrace
War is terrible
At this point, it shouldn't even be France's problem.
Oh wow
What's wrong with us...again?!?
The only thing greek junta did is give them the perfect reason to attack
The one exception I can think is Atlantis which was so strange to me
Pure Cretan music
Funny/ridiculous politicians are popular.
It's confusing for the natives as well hahahaha
sorry for your loss
It's much easier, for example, to say "literally" in Received Pronunciation rather than in an american accent
Sounds similar to what I was about to say about Greek
There are lot of thins all the pros of a big city plus I am close to the sea and to the mountain at the same time
I know I would
That's why it's funny.Cause it's true.
You really shouldn't take them into consideration.
For some reason it's one of my favorites 🤔
>I think I wanna visit countries in Europe first
Especially the Germans who take a family pizza and it's enough for a family of four
So they understood the oracle, and built their colony in this place instead, which was called Byzantium after Byzas, the name of the Megarean chief
When I was a very young kid, I though that the word tiramisu was Greek, but then I learn that it was Italian
But we have  different task forces, that are gradually more armed than the other
Either you fight for the rule of law in the European continent or you don't.
I don’t like ouzo,I prefer vodka
" It originated in Peloponnese, ancient Greece,[2] and was developed during the 8th and 7th centuries BC (700–640 BC)
They try to make fun of the way Donald Trump speaks and his policies by presenting similar "alternative facts" from that country.
At first I thought it was one of those "what if the North Pole melted" maps
Perhaps understandable at the time, but not something to aspire to today
Oh wait since Turkish Leaders invent them in the 90s and almost start a war over it
*"My significant other is Montenegrin and follows the politics there every day
Egypt, 3
We also had different classrooms for each subject so that made the lockers even more useful
Subjectively, if the day affords you the luxury of observation, it really is this awesome display of elemental power that fills your eyes, your ears, rattles your body and reminds you of the unstoppable, ever-advancing earthly processes that go on, and will go on in spite of you
This helped me memorize a lot of words
How about nazis sent musolini to attack first and didn't come their own
Also when people, especially young people, are going to parties clubs,bars etc many people are drinking in order to have fun and to enjoy the feeling of drunkenness, not to the point that they can't walk, but to the point that they experience a feeling of euphoria . Also some people might want to combine alcohol like wine with their meals
practical but not really fashionable
The European Parliament is nothing but a farce
It's this friendly and easy-going attitude that I encountered in Ireland that made me feel like I was at home
On the other hand Greece was "saved" in order to save the Euro and Turkey would likely be the recipient of humanitarian aid, not the kind of aid Bulgaria would need or ask for IMO.
Serbia: yellow and a tiny bit of blue
The UK would probably be fine if it gradually removed itself from the EU institutions, but under a no-deal scenario there is no room for any transition
Georgios Poulos
All of the modern Greek royalty have been of Bavarian or Danish heritage
The moment they pull the plug a lot of our conforts will be gone.
Hope you can fix up your country
and a year before that Hitler signed the Munich agreement
Sun and vitamin D are really important
Oh yeah I forgot
400 years of oppression, suppression of language and religion, as well as a constant reminder of the utter humiliation that was the fall of Byzantium for Greeks is an indicator of how much we wanted to get rid of them from our land
...to fund the civil war
He works with much passion and is enjoying his job
If you don't plan things correctly it's easy to have such a trip anywhere
Έκανες την τρίχα τριχιά,
Hey
Atm though we also have had deadly floodings with several dead (among them, a baby), and Turkey problems
I'm a student of Kapodistrian University and I find it quite disrespectful that we removed his name like that
Unhomogenised milk is better
This is why i said that the people have to change.
Our professor misheard "treize" for "trois" and we walked 13 bridges of the Seine instead of 3 to get to our boat
And we can it say freely anything, watch: Muhammad sucks donkey dick while king kong shoves the big ben up his ass.
People honking in traffic grinds my gears so badly, ^WHAT ^THE ^FUCK ^ARE ^WE ^SUPPOSED ^TO ^DO
We actually say Ksiaomi
What defines the West in general is bigger than songs or jeans.
try again very few countries literally doesnt give a fuck about religion
Yeap
I'd be happy to host actual refugees from war torn areas, but in the same time I 100% support other EU countries that want nothing to do with them.
(ahemm
It's quite the opposite in my opinion
Hi, me they call John
This could have some meme template potential
As a Greek, I'm pro-EU, but I honestly think Greece should have been left to fail like Iceland and reintroduced to the Euro when things fully stabilized again.
We don't. Personally, I just die inside and let my body go into autopilot
It's a pity dialects dont pass as languages, like Grico, Cretan, Cypriot, Pontic etc
Una razza una faccia high five
Do they at least make a profit
My take on this is that the alternative often is something very very simple in contrast to the original boycotting idea
Female: Evelina, Justina, Emilia, Tatiana & Aušrinė
But practivally it had stopped since 1972
You literally know only about the first invasion, right
in my case i was given a small lg and because i had to buy the rest of my phones myself i went with cheap phones that are just as good, my Xiaomi redmi 6
>But Christodoulides said it wasn’t so
Yeah,  I think Pythagoras gave that name first
If someone can keep a conversation, I try to make them feel comfortable and speak accordingly
In fact the prospect of yielding to Turkish interests is called filnandization over here
ευχαριστώ (), thank you (), danke (), gracias (), tak (), takk (), merci (), grazie (), kiitos (), спасибо ()
Is it a local ISP that overcharges or are your parents paying double because the contract expired
A few days later one of the few answers he read aloud was mine
I pirate a lot
Constantine the Great  did lots of stuff for my country and religion
lol
I guess this is old , cause it would be a little hypocritical for a Brit to write somethig like that nowadays
Get a flight to Amsterdam, stay 3 days and then get a flight to Athens and boat to Ios.
Personally not a big fan for the reasons I listed but if the Feta is not too much and the dish is done well, I like it
The tonus that I mentioned, also has completely different meanings depending on the situation you use it
I just made this phrase up, as a *possible example*.
I've been in both and honestly, they're overhyped
So are you trying to argue that people in Greece who fought and died aren't considered heroes by Greeks?
That's awesome lol
Thinking about it briefly, it can apply to most situations where fuck is used as an exclamation, plus if you wanna say to sb "cut it out/stop nagging me", or as a disapproving "are you serious
When you talk to Greeks about it, they always say 'They arent Macedonians'
The EU and NATO have refused to address Turkey's conduct for years hoping the situation would resolve itself.
I'd say university of Crete has some of the best departments
He looks like Fikret Abdic 🅱️🅰️🅱️🅾️
Not to mention their neo-Ottoman foreign policy.
As far as I remember UK has been excluded from all negotiations within Eurogroup regarding EU stance towards Brexit negotiations (between EU and UK).
Tbh I would put Portuguese there too.
By definition there can never be a European nationalist party.
I think not only because it was in the center but also because of its Historical importance, being the most important ancient Greek city and the source of the most popular Ancient Greek people (Sokrates, Pericles etc)
Like to want to her kill
Because the the southern -Mediterranean European countries have better climate to grow vegetables,  they are good in production of olive oil etc
Also us smaller countries don't have the same air and sound pollution compared to other bigger cities
Kayseri = Καισάρεια = Kaisaria
apart from Athens - Salonika, Volos - Larissa was a big rivalry for about two decades
It's the new "hip" destination to go to
Egypt
Well, someone's gotta pay the price of keeping you at bay :p
Probably not a common phrase, but when me and my dad are sailing in the summer he says "Let's do some Danish sailing" jokingly
Even so, I think I would be hesitant to try it
Meanwhile in Australia you pay $100AUD to get 20mbps in copper wiring
Sometimes those 3 decades are also called as the Golden decades of Greek music scene by the Greeks
George Soros would be my first choice
But i prefer to use the term liberal for the Left and the term conservative for the Right, because these are two ideologies that have substance.
It's the only word with that sound that I just can't get to sound right
Countries like malta, cyprus, ireland offer quite cheap incorporation.
Maybe he is the kidnapper and that is the view from his workplace.
That's mind-blowing
Someone can be good at a certain point in time for some people but that doesn't mean he should be praised as a God (like many people do for Kemal)
What seems extra wasteful is that the density is barely higher in the "after" picture.
Similar like receiving a present ("Oh You shouldnt") only much more vocal and intense.
Irish, Greek and Italians where major crime/ghetto festerign grounds in teh early 20th century, with Russians/ East Europeans mostly taking their place after the 90s.
I can confirm with my experience
Go on liveleak there are dozens of videos of Nusra jihadists crossing Turkish borders in convoy's with Turkish military allowing them to pass.
Unfortunately,he is not feared anymore, his death was confirmed 😟
That's not exactly accurate
Feel not a stranger visiting other eu members
Typical conservatives, pro free economy, pro European
The entire internet is terrible today.
PS: Not stupid names, just literal
Now what the Church or some priests think
\#covfefe
but I didn't want to draw a gray city :p
From geopolitics to economic influence etc.
Even our previous prime minister is an atheist
η (feminine 'the')
Yes, and apparently there's many similar words in the Tosk dialect too
>day with like 1 or 2 exceptions for thr whole summer
It's basically million and billion
I don't really watch the news in TV but as far as I know, Belarus wasn't even mentioned
Ottomans called their christian subjects "infidels".Their christian subjects called them "infidels" too.Seriously christians didn't seem happy being part of that empire.
Also historically we had other religions before Christianity
Nice
Proper answer to the hillbilly: "No, I am talking about this guy in the sack behind you, who is literally a pig."
I hope it gets re-elected, for it does a decent, if very slow, job at cleaning up and creating growth, but yes, corruption is sadly worse than any crisis
But then again, who would you put in power in place of Assad?
m) appartment for 370k euros
Very common
Isn't there more than one greek dialect in Southern Italy
There is very little you can do to ensure that you'll get a good one, just vote and hope for the best
Ground floor (isogeio - ισόγειο - means equal level to the earth/ground), and then first floor above
It has never been easier to access culinary knowledge and tips
BTW your username "deuteros" means second in Greek
I've made the calculations and shopping for the same stuff at the super market would easily cost me 2X-3X the money
but my pockets say no :P
Actual butter or vitam(margarine)
German-->Greek Auto-translation:
I would like if there was a EU law for that cause a lot of people of other EU countries go to my country as tourists and to others countries, so I think that it would be safest for all
I first learned the word in english, and it was a fun day at school when I found out the greek definition
i live in athens - only 100 or so km from the canal, and it really is tiny
Well, let's be realistic here - the argument "they are a potential territorial threat" is much easier to defend than just "muh Alexander the Great", "muh Vergina Star" and "muh Hellinistic heritage".
Yep
Does he eat it
the greek ones have survived from earthquakes ranging up to 7+...
In some movies and tv shows sometimes the subtitles aren't accurate and there are some mistakes
My sister used to drink Gordon Space a lot when she was kid
They needed 30 mins to process a number due to the paperwork they had to store and fill up
[Cursive]
They will help you
A Turkish military patrol boat fired shots early Friday morning in the area around the eastern Aegean Greek island of Farmakonisi
I think that most people are okay with it and don't really care if someone is eating alone
The moment she saw him she recognised him and it turns out he was a carpenter
Many people still use Βιρμανία, ie Burma for Myanmar
Can't wait for pompey 2
Also, some words have double letters which are not pronounced as such
No,  but once I with two guys were walking and a group of people asked us if we have money with us and I think they said us to show our money to them and we ran away
The point is that the Greek-speaking Cypriots preferred the Brits rather than the Ottomans.
*There are also French and German lessons while Spanish is on the rise
When in the entirety of our post-1990 western world, the only extreme on the rise is the far-right, often in the innards of the supposedly "reasonable" mainstream parties (e.g. US Republicans), it's dishonest to try to frame the situation as "50/50 danger from both extremes".
Hell brakes loose when there are older people involved, like 55 and above
There should be an interesting story why adding a character that is not really needed is considered useful in your part of the world
Building by the sea is even more beautiful thankfully but I still miss some big city rivers
It's kinda idiotic to support the employees that boycott you
A few days later, the flag was torn down by two resistance fighters, Apostolos Santas and Manolis Glezos
aaand it's done
According to this [source] almost 70% of the military spending is for pensions and salaries.
Greta in shambles
Native speakers are always needed.
Ieremias klarxonopoulos
A Greek defending Merkel is interesting.
Looks like Nero came in to give them a hand
and by a quick google it seems that the Athens-Thessaloniki train costs 20 €
River name checks out
I was lost in translation at ''made the loan'' (understood as taken).
Yeah man, I'm Greek and work in Brussels, that shit is so funny to watch
They are also great with people from mainland Greece
But generally it is one of the popular market chains doing very well all those years
I would much rather have the graph show deaths or hell even estimations of the total cases
My kindergarden had a playground and gym equipment outdoors, and the indoors was for reading, eating, painting etc
Even the food is the same with different names.
I bet he went to heaven for that
I dont believe that this is the case
Like, no linear way of thought at all.
Other nationalities were not as keen
And the most hated Greek politicians ever (random order):
We used to have one but it was closed 10 years ago
I think it was invented by Babylonians
We fough a war to make sure that we are not under Russia's sphere of influence.
Some Greeks (mostly ethnicists) think that Papadopoulos saved the country (which is false) and we wish we had a prime minister like him
This definitely surprised me too
I'm Greek  so basically every single one,
Then the municipality decided to turn it into a " park". Now is a " park" mostly concrete and benches where almost no one seats
Do Greek people really want to ridicule themselves?
EDIT : I didn't mean milk bars as we say cereal bars , I meant bars that sell milk instead of alcohol
They have to reach Germany first, and I believe that if it comes to that point it's too late to avoid a nuclear war...
Correct me if I'm wrong but if you manage to beat that beast there should be some kind of award or something
Beautiful city
"Dogtooth" maybe you've already seen it cause it's from Yorgos Lanthimos but if you haven't that would be my recommendation
As for dolamades, I think we only ate them on Sundays during lent, maybe a couple times during the summer and that was it
Γκοου μπακ μαντάμ Μερκελ.
It's named so because during the 400-500 years of Turkish occupation of Greece, they never bothered or managed to conquer Agrafa and so the area wasn't included in the Sultan's tax register, and the people lived freely in the mountains
We also have University entrance exams and it is very likely that attempting to get into law, medicine, electrical engineering or in the army my lead to irrepearable damage to your psyche
I'm expecting the order to turn in my passport any day now
I think Afroxylánthi doesnt exist it was made up as a really ugly and weird name
it's much easier to have an 'Italian experience' in Milan than Bolzano
> Denmark has a giant “bad music” industry
It concerns the conduct of a UN member state, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, which contravenes the fundamental principles of international law and order; specifically, respect for good neighbourly relations, sovereignty and territorial integrity.
I also liked the movie An (2012) and Worlds apart (2015)
We're not allied nor have common goals with them
Had I known about this earlier
Thats kinda fail lol.The word comes from a medieval greek word so i won't argue about ancient times no matter what i think.
Cheese is great
They spend far beyond the normal threshold for our defence.
What you think I meant is not necessarily what I actually meant
It's ok we can be friends in secret
O_O
I am all for EU and I'm not a socialist myself.
I love olive oil and may or may not overuse it sometimes during cooking
Why should I open a history book?
The junta was over, many of the junta instigators went to prison for life and three of them were sentenced to death for their actions, but Karamanlis reverted them to life imprisonment as a show of good faith
It depends on the tradition; first of all, Leda did not have twins, she had quadruplets, or two sets of twins
This country is going to shit, isn't it
The infamous word malaka
North Macedonia has an insignificant army with Soviet era equipment
Cyprus is not geographically in Europe
If you mean the english word sofa, they have absolutely no connection!
Please don't get offended by this
If they were to have a concert in Bataclan again people would just go there to dance - as it should've been a year ago.
Unless you want to become a greek province too
It would be very weird to be sold to Macedonia the country.
Basically all of our ancient or medieval history which is full of civil wars and back-stabbing
And then we're going to get scolded by Germany because we're not doing as amazing a job as they'd like.
Far as I know to them we are a myth
Yes we do
This is why the US actually is pretty supportive of Kurds.
*taps head*
You keep ignoring the fact that taking photos of military bases/areas is prohibited
I'm glad
I'm so sorry I wasn't thinking".
Most tourists in Greece go to islands like Mykonos, Santorini and Crete
I think this person means that most people if you that you are an atheist they ignore it/ don't care about it
Μινυμα
Many Greeks have already commented but I just want to add the vending machine and the antikythera mechanism (or any other astronomical automatic mechanism), as well as the first ticking clock and central heating
The temperature in the rest of the house is at 18C a bit cold but not realy a problem
They usually use the definite article (the) for no reason even before names because it’s like that in greek
Now repeat after me :Like Halkidiki, it doesnt have
It was mostly poor, rural, and under-educated areas that were voting for them
Way too square for me personally
I have my computer searching for a prior text I wrote about North italy
I just looked at their website, and it's bog standard center-left stuff
Pretty interesting, how many are there now
Konstantinos->Kostas/Kostis
After that everything repeats it self as before but now with Ekató, till ofc you reach 200 or 300 or 400 or 500
Look at this man of culture over here
Pepi Tsesmeli, Liliana Hioti, Efi Thodi, Anastasia Gioussef, Vera Lambrou etc
Yes yes i do
Also the first use of napalm bombs
I'm not talking about the last 10 years which have been harsh on our economy; it was a well established practice even before that
Greeks tend to buy pieces of furniture  here and there but I don't know anyone that has furnished his whole house from IKEA
Even the personnel checking your tickets and luggage at the gate can sometimes not be employees of the company
What no one knew is that there were 3 colonels preparing theirs
You are technically a new state.
Them 2 playas on the hill with the extra leg room tho
Italy: They have better stuff to deal right now tbh
Only my mentor prof took the time to do that
Just annoying that it's likely we'll never know
Yes but in everyday speech we use the word ''krasi''.
Understanding both sides is vital to make the society progress forward and cleanse any stigma that exists
Even though most people are culturally Christians and get baptized,  I think that most people don't care if you are an atheist,  I know many atheists and they are fine
hahaha holy shit
I agree with that
Oh nice, like we didn't have enough refugees already.
You too my Sweden Friend
- go to the beach in the summer to spend hours under the sun to get a tan
In greek it could be Φιλότιμο - filotimo
Then you disprove the Slavicness.
I don't get why someone would attack someone else for something as insignificant as being born a few kilometres farther away (and still literally having the same culture)
Thank you,  I will add it
This tesco clubcard can be quite haunting, especially if you are getting those coupons every now and then and you feel forced to shop there
Russia
We deserve credit for that (or at least debt (relief)).
I am a minority here being pro-USA.
Less than 1 in 10 is about right
I basically have to switch to a shitty Greek accent when speaking English every time another Greek is present
She was shunned by her monastery as well as the populace for being pregnant, so she developed a cursing habbit as a defense mechanism
I'm not saying that people should stop going there but Santorini foreshadows other must - go places in Greece
We have standard qwerty but next to the Latin letters there are Greek and you switch alphabets with shift+alt
the rumors that police picks men and arrests/beats them up so mostly women protest atm
GC side is ready for a solution too, they elected a pro union party as well whose members are very pronunionists.
It's all the remnants of his "socialistic" policies, which no later dominant political party dared to change
But not all of Italy, just the south
Stop spreading misinformation
I personally would love to live there myself, but I can see why people dislike the culture
I think in my cities they have installed some kind of milk machines in corporation that they have fresh milk directly from cows, at least that's what they claim
Woah, this is my OC from way back in the day
It's important to contribute to the spread of tourism in Greece to places other than Mykonos, Santorini, Athens and Crete, imo
Stereotypes i fit
Still, they have nothing to do with Alexander the Great.
To be fair it sounds like a made up name and I also thought that it is a made up name as a little kid
The problem is that Russia is backing them up, another case which Russia tries to fuck up a region
>The fun part is that, my age group (35)
Compare capitalist Hong Kong with the rest of China.
Then a british ship found most of them and took them to a rescue ship that transported them
Protesters chanting “Nazis in jail
I used to hate it but now I kinda like it, it sounds unique but also depends on who is speaking
If the pipeline happens, it would be a huge event geo-politically.
**Alexis Tsipras**, Prime Minister, said on live TV to a victim of the Mati wildfire that "even if he gave her 2000 euros, she'd waste them" (actually the wildfire produced bucketloads of sick comments from members of the gov and parliament
I don't drink ouzo my Slovenian villager.
* [Onassis Cultural Center] (2010)
According to Wikipedia :
According to the video the academic and culture exchange goals of the program are just cover-up
Imagine paying a year's worth of wages over a snake bite
* Proto Thema  [
rose chaffer (χρυσόμυγα) = goldfly
It's playing on accentuating some elements, multiplying them and placing them all over the place.
However people that either speak a dialect or have a strong accent tend to be rather prideful of it (imo rightfully so) and would not want to alter it
We've been kinda chill with Bulgaria but we sort of went to war twice in the 1900s I guess
White cross over a blue back round and the golden Byzantine eagle that our churches use on top
It's strange to only learn about distant times and ignore the most recent and relevant ones
All things considered, the Brexit referendum was a bad idea.
We stand with Armenia
I don't know why are you so hostile man, I really hope your life improves
So, I moved back knowing the diffiulties (especially if you have lived abroad and opened your mind, it can be tricky), but like I said, I don't care what people think or say and I have managed to have a busy but quiet life with good weather and food
I am not a depressive person, but after a few years there were days that I found myself not able to get out of bed because of the constant grim weather
The Ottoman Empire
also bare in mind most people can tell from a mile away that you're from the US, i live in a coastal city and i like to guess where foreigners are from in the summer cause they all stick out like shore thumb
They weren't considered second class considering they partook in the Olympics, where only Greeks were allowed to partook.
Are you sure Berlin is not a city in Greece
The southernmost place in Europe
Yeah,  there is a space in my fridge for eggs
If you pass by the sarting point you can see them all chilling and smoking when they are supposed to be already on the road
Istanbul= Kostantinoupoli (Constantine town)
that +32 on Military Defence, also being the highest number on the list, is very telling
Finally a national score I can contribute to
And his programme was a vision of another social democracy.
For instance, if you are abroad you are only allowed to be in Greece for a maximum of 30 days/year, if you are skipping service
I usually also take the little bottle of ouzo with me, if it has not been emptied
Greek authorities arrest Turkish national for spying
There was supposed to be a temple of Artemis in North Euboia (Where part of the movie [300: Rise of an Empire] refers to) but nobody knows where it is now.
Go figure
They are spreading covid
I'd say yes, it'd be extremely weird if someone in his late 20s-30s couldn't cook anything
He made them sign that their language is actually a Slavic language and he made them change their name from Macedonia to Northern Macedonia
But I've barely left my house this summer sooooooo
Not to mention that nothing stops Trump from changing his mind again.
Especially in the mainland
Maybe it's an excuse for the schools in Belgium to have students learn things about other religions too except than their own
There is nothing to be proud of really
European solidarity at its best
I could finally sing along and not make incoherent noises ! Though I was 14 when I got my certificate
I am accustomed to a stuffed cabbage recipe similar to samarle  - our version is called lahanodolmades
However, I must agree with you about the Civil War being a taboo topic
Perhaps French/German would be officially more popular, but that's school level, not actually spoken
It's going to be like that soon
That would probably anger the most people
The coup in Cyprus was instigated by EOKA B, a paramilitary/terrorist organization of greek-cypriots, who also started attacking the turkish-cypriot minority
They usually use the definite article (the) for no reason even before names because it’s like that in greek
Erdogan has publicly questioned the treaty in last few weeks more than a few times.
This one's a bit different but the word where "poet" comes from, "ποιητής", means "the one who creates" and "ποίημα" (poem) means "creation"
• You can rearrange the words in a sentence any way you want and it will still be grammatically correct
We also have the weird thing where 11 and 12 sound different than the 13-19
My mom thought I was too young at the time (I was a preteen) and then she thought it won't make a difference and I forgot about it (cause you have to do it on st
Basketball, polo, volleyball
Nah mate, they’re selling potions and spells in there
Why “we are” and not “wir sind”?
Old people who don't have a family to take care of them must have it real hard
Yes, same reason too
Thank you
Even walking to the metro station 10 minutes from my house is tiring
yeah, that is some new way to say you are abolishing net neutrality :(
The rest not that much
And most of the times we didn't even had lessons because we were so few that the teachers most of the times allowed us to leave the classroom and go outside, go play football at the yard or even go home sometimes.
If this logic comes to pass, then it’s finished.”
A large crowd has gathered outside the court ahead of verdict in Golden Dawn trial
My format is pronounciation, meaning (optional) and the country in English :)
We are romans by right of conquest
Olympiakos logo > panathinaikos logo
It's lungs, liver and spleen wrapped with intestines and people go nuts about it
Not social democrat, not conservative
That sounds crazy
this doesn't apply to Greece and more than half of eastern Europe because we don't use the Latin alphabet
if you compare with today IMO
Hello neighbour
I couldn't stop laughing at while watching the video with friends, and it still gets me every time
Larissa, people speak in a heavy accent there
" or if there is sth really wholesome going on (of course in an extremely informal environment)
based
So, no frog legs for me, yet
Thinking about it briefly, it can apply to most situations where fuck is used as an exclamation, plus if you wanna say to sb "cut it out/stop nagging me", or as a disapproving "are you serious
I say let's kill some time before searching for that island
But foreign accents are treated as enthusiastic tourists trying to learn our language but if it's from the Balkans or Hindi and Pakistani they are treated as lower people for some reason
Pros: Just look out the window and at the view and you forget everything else, great food, chilled and warm people
Ladotyri
5 kilos
In Greece when people want to say that something is of bad quality or that it's a cheap knock off, they might use the phrase "[something] from Lidl". Make of that what you will
There is absolutely no substantial (they barely total 6000 out of 200 000 people) turkish population on the dodecanese.
I am aware that babushka means grandma, and it makes sense because the default figure looks like an old lady (greek old ladies also wore scarfs around their heads all the way until recent decades).
Many alphabets are based on Greek
Many believe Golden Dawn had a large support in the police force
I think that it gets 30+ usually after mid July, before then I think that the temperature isn't as hot, for example June is less warm that August
I am not sure if this counts as a child story though
Do you have any specific options to choose from?
Care to translate for the language deficient?
You've messed up this subreddit for at least a week.
Keep in mind, some taxes are payed through utility bills (ex
Yeah, to the point that when you’ve heard Mitsotakis in English, he kinda sounds boring in Greek
Maybe you should check it
The absurd law that banned the police from entering university premises is getting abolished
As a health minister you need to know what you are going up against
I hate the pencil addition, it ruins the mathematical balance of the game
Because for the first I can see that there are exceptions to what you describe ([ex
Britain has the fog, Egypt has ophthalmia, Wallachia has the grasshoppers and Greece has the Greeks
Not even kidding
Specifically German is known for its ability to take any words and construct a huge composite word, we can absolutely do the same in Greek, and do it pretty often (well ok, maybe not that often, but you can)
all e sounds turned to i we got a ton of e's all used to be distinct now they all sound the same tho some of the names are a clue as to the sound for example Υ (Υψιλον) means e ...flat i guess?
Me too
The first step is to create a Banking and Military union which would take massive pressure off of national governments and allow them to be more efficient at improving quality of life in other areas.
FYROM because of the name dispute and different interpretations of history
Universities, public or not, have their own golden boys as well
And if the 500+ stuff was enough, PiS wouldn't have launched this disgusting homophobic campaign
Was there last year towards end of February - beginning of March
The eu may have done some good things about social problems but has made a mess of many countries’ economies
it's true that the manosphere was a large entry point for the alt-right
Based on a quick search those were the best offers
" That's how our guide welcomed us in the synagogue
you're annoying me right now
Ok, amigo
I have travelled a lot to both countries and each time i am flabbergasted about the minimum time you need to do anything
They claimed that the didn't do any of these, but the evidence proved otherwise
For example 1 euro and 2 cents is written as 1,02 euros and one million euros is written as 1
Lower taxes for the poor, pour money into public healthcare, inclusivity etc
It is almost monthly you hear about some Israeli tech business selling for billions.
I would go back to the darker version because it looked cooler, not because of the dictatorship
Yeah, that's right
Not really, there is more propaganda like this:
It was Roman
Seems accurate
In the romanization of the Greek alphabet it only occurs in the diphthongs "ch" which is pronounced [/x/] and "th" which is pronounced [/θ/]
Serbs were christianized by the Byzantines so yeah, their religion is a factor, but rather than that there's no connection.
Finally, someone who actually drew the background instead of just putting a photo in it
Russia: Yellow, red and just a tiny bit of blue
Same thing in greek, the word for miss (δεσποινίς) is pretty outdated, and sounds very old-fashioned and creepy
EU is the most voluntary political union that has ever existed in the history of the planet (yes, more voluntary than any nation-states themselves), that's why its haters hate it, because they love tyrannies instead and the complete moral superiority of the EU stands in their way.
There is corruption everywhere
Greece is the most sexually active country in the world
We also take Italian sandwiches pack them with 5 times the normal amount of Italian beef and then dip the entire sandwich in a rich gravy
I visited once and I was astonished
Influencing the transportation of goods internationally and in the EU
That guy just spouts bullshit in search for attention
I've come to dislike how the greek education system portrays the revolution, especially during independence day
They get paid more than teachers nowadays
49,99€
But in the polling booth they'll get their revenge for every shit 3rd wave feminists have said recently, and vote for Trump with a smirk on their face.
In 2013, the nightmare nazi political party Golden Dawn,tried to suggest that we should re-establish it,but of course nothing was even discussed in parliament
Eww why would you put meat
No way, theses outfits are probably Anatolian
Unfortunately Poland has a very big rural population, who is disgustingly conservative in social issues (LGBT, gender equality etc) and very easily bought from social programmes because they were feeling as "B citizens" for years
*Mother of Jesus is a single word in Greek
As I grow older I start to forget rules and syntax and a result it becomes more difficult for me to speak and write
Then we would know where all this money goes
Then we do napoleon, American independence, civil war, then ww1, ww2, Balkan wars, population exchange with turkey and st that point we stop
This has serious meme potential
Yeah I have seen such ads
The last one though you could say is taboo, it has embedded a fear in the Greek mind that any short of extensive government intervention via police action is "the new Junta" which as you can imagine has led to a myriad of problems
(for example babies who aren't vaccinated yet)
Probably for filming a video in portrait mode instead of landscape.
Really
The bad boy exists elsewhere too, marketed as milk frother
* [Porto Carras Grand Resort] (1973)
I like Heineken, I don't like very heavy tasting beers so it is pretty refreshing.
Our house is like a gigantic woofer
Also, people going out every day for tapas/partying/"light drinking". I loved that part
It would offer Philippos (Alex's father) nothing, and conquering it would still cost him some soldiers
Yep, I definitely remember them.
I speak 4 languages to a very high level (greek, english, italian, spanish)
That's very interesting
Germany's selection of refugees is strict
Melodic accent
Sure, central
Did they had separate laws, or did some states biefly outlawed it after the war and then reversed that decision
Blue: Physics
Those same Slavs from Yugoslavia and Bulgaria helped finance and arm (along with others obviously) the communists in the Greek civil war in the late 40's and when Greece won and kicked out the communists (who were mostly Greeks, Yugoslavians & Bulgarians) those people and their families were settled in Skopje by the Yugoslavians because they thought they could restart the war eventually and communism would come to Greece.
Its something else than the President elect of a coubtry tge other side of the sea.
Northerners will never change, it’s only been a few dozen years since you went on a barbarian rampage
...that's very sad to hear ngl, I suppose a lot of people don't see how it will impact their lives directly in the short future
"Είμαι χριστιανός, ως εκ τούτου δεν δύναμαι να είμαι Έλλην." Γεννάδιος Σχολάριος.
Wow 27
The way I see it, if there's a coalition and Juppé/Macron and their cabinets go along well, we might have a strong government which won't be afraid of certain decisions because they might not be powerful enough in the Sénat and Parlement.
Yep, we do exactly the same
In ancient Greece it was known as Brauron and was one of the most famous worshipping sites for [Artemis]
Cons: Low wages, the orthodox church is too involved with what should only be the state's responsibilities, lots of unemployment, drivers are bad, public transport is bad, people are too loud (well that might not be too bad for some), and our cities have got to be the ugliest and dirtiest I've ever seen
*References*
but originaly i am from Heraklion (from hercules)
but I didn't want to draw a gray city :p
design] by my favourite artist and designer,  Erté.
Backgammon
My Mom tells me every day
Μοινοιμα
Oh how magnanimous, ~~defending~~  wishing well to people while undermining their ~~age~~ nationality
Everyone is saying that, not just me
Keep in mind it was summer, 100 meters from the beach, and many girls in Cyprus can be extremely good looking.
Thanks for this
But it is mostly because Nazism is a convenient easy parallel for Germany, more than anything else, not because they really believe that nowadays Germany has anything to do with that
Definitely not enough
Greece may emphasise the first, but the real issue between the two countries is the second one - which, as you noted, is not something that's easily resolved.
You really won't miss all that much if you decide to go there; just another regular old village filed to brim with really old folk, nice view to the Bay Of Corinth though
Then we have "Δε μου καίγεται καρφί" (De mu k**e**gete karf**i**), which I have trouble translating, if we were to go for a word to word translation it'd be something along the lines of "I don't have any nail that's burning"/"No nail burns for me". Not as common
Is it a local ISP that overcharges or are your parents paying double because the contract expired
Greece and turkey are the same
[The Byzantines had it coming tbh]
It's magic that is very hard to achieve
Do you usually say  Česko  or  Česká repulika  ?
It's kinsa ominous tbh
Ah yes the third reich
But
- 10^6 = ekatommýrio
And then they just decided to invade 40% of the island *after* the Junta had already fallen and brings tens of thousands of settlers from mainland Turkey, why exactly
War is terrible
You should've put a NSFW warning
&#x200B;
It's actually a turkish coffee towel
We say the same in Greece as well
usual news
I'm not really a fan of those either
Έκανες την τρίχα τριχιά,
**Kostas Zouraris**, Vice Minister of Education "You think now we are threatened as a country, Erdogan is only asking for a few islands
Yes, I wholeheartedly believe that not protecting Ocalan was a terrible mistake.
A profundity of surnames mixing those languages, rather than a 'cohesive' surname logic
Each country is responsible for different aspects of the drone, I know that Greece is building the engine and missiles for it.
That is why a lot of little islets have guard posts that are periodically manned by soldiers
Yes and on the edge, I would hold you by the hair and suddenly upon the climax to kick you down
Leave me alone
Edit: let me help  [
self explanatory
That could mean a country has many small schools
The new one will be converted to burning renewable fuels in 2028 I think
Ευχαριστώ που απέδειξες το επιχείρημά μου.
Athens(664,046) > Thessaloniki(354,290) > Patras(168,034)
This is how I always see it
I have never gone to such a trip but I'm sorry for your experience in Greece
We are the only country in EU where the Sharia law is still legal
If we count as balkan countries, I also agree that both are important, considering the common history, and the huge parts of it which were the byzantine and ottoman times
\- The "Heroes of 1821", AKA of the Greek War of Independence (Theodoros Kolokotronis, Georgios Karaiskakis, Manto Mavrogenous, Laskarina Bouboulina, Athanasios Diakos, Nikitaras, Alexandros Ypsilantis, the list goes on and on
To me, the fact that it seemed rather neat and contained was a breath of fresh air, honestly
So is through TV channels,media, radio etc.Trust me, we had a lot of false news on TV channels.
Vice once interviews a flat-earther and he was wearing a mask on his face
Olympiakos logo > panathinaikos logo
I am not totally informed on the matter so i wouldn't feel confortable expressing an opinion.
Ah the fonts
Because if Greece leaves and succeeds (best scenario), what's stopping other troubled countries doing the same?
Greek soldiers never gunned down Syrian refugees
i can't remember any other ones if any Greeks come across this add more
Don't forget γυροκομείο (gyrokomio), which is a pun with the word γύρος (gyros), and γηροκομείο (nursing home)
Everyone thinks they know everything better than anyone else, the sense of entitlement and disrespect for the rest and the quality of urban infrastructure and life (no green spaces, bad or non-existent pavements, cars parked on literally everything, extremely poorly designed road network and increasingly old buildings)
Dems were so sure Hillary would win over that buffoon that many didn't go to vote.
Grab your rifle,we gotta take our freedomback
He could personally send you his 20-page manifesto, detailing his incentives, and all you'd reckon from it would be that he's a complete moron.
German-->Greek Auto-translation:
The chance was the virus for Orban
Going to seafood-based taverns in the summer really sucks
no need to push for a second or a third
There are trans people today and it is legal to change your gender today in Greece
THIS inspired many Juntists to form their own party, Golden Dawn (yeah, ,, that Golden Dawn)
I live in Santorini, and even though I am tired of the whole show, there truly isn't any other landscape like it, especially in Greece
it's very annoying I hate it
Britain and their allies, NZ & Aus, who fought and died in my country against our common enemies and not just in one war
That's what they call it in northern Greece too
. I think below 25-20 °C is low for the summer only, but in January ,for example, it would be warm , because usually it's way below that
The man is from Salonica, being butthurt toward Athens is a tradition there
However the eu keeps pushing for reforms that clearly won’t change anything
” By September 1947, the year the  Communist Party was outlawed, 19,620 leftists were held in Greek camps  and prisons, 12,000 of them in Makronissos, with a further 39,948 exiled  internally or in British camps across the Middle East
[Imgur link in that case]
"Prussia is 3,14 times bigger than Russia" cause ρωσία - πρωσία lol
Wait till I tell you that I can't fucking stand the smell of feta either
I'm pretty sure not many things had changed in those centuries in terms of clothing.Plus you did not told me a specific date.
Why are you ashamed of Aspropyrgos
The question is whether we can develop one superculture that includes every culture as a subculture.
I'd say like roughly around 3000 BC until 1974 AD
If Serbia wanted a greater Serbia, why did it let Slovenia and FYROM go without a fight?
But, I'd say after reading almost all of the comments I have more ideas as to how we contributed to the EU International Community and Europe
Right now in history I'd say is one of the biggest bruh moments fot Greece
EVERYBODY KNOWS WE ARE THE ARM
It sounds silly but I feel the same way, I really enjoy how tranquil and special Sundays feel with stores closed, it helps me relax.
The problem here is that you cannot easily transport the food from where it is discarded to where it is needed
as far as i know everybody in Greece writes α
That's the difference
Literally all the residential buildings
Then we have that in common
Same goes with every other politician not just Trump.
(Assuming you are greek in origin, based on your flair and name)
Honorable mentions: France, Russia, UK and Lebanon (Phoenicians), Armenia, Syria also
WTF I am idiot ..
Is this different from the goulash soup
Mark my words, you're going to see the same old establishment hawks in his administration.
Doing this on toddlers for religious reasons is inhumane, and in my opinion nothing short of torturous
No, but I've heard some people do it
So I am not sure even if passports are necessary,  except if you travel outside of European Union
Its not like we went to war we are being civillised and excerciced our right to veto because we think this history mongering is a threat to our national security.
Greece
It was called that \[Kalopetinitsa\] due to the high quality of it's roosters used in cockfights
The picture should be no more than five years old max.
It honestly surprised me, but in the good way
From my understanding people on reddit overplay the gene hand sometimes that's why I took it literally.
I think that's uncommon
It is you who are anti-small talk :)
Why, are you a journalist
Goddamn I went there the other day and it was ultra far right, openly racist conspiracy theorist nutjobs
darwin is proud of that crew...and what makes it even more funny is the bbc correspondent that went up there is an actual scientist....
That is the usual way things go...
i'm kind of confused as to what you're asking about but my best guess would be the of the thieves during the Ottoman occupation, they would go around cause various problems and steal as a form of resistance this was very popular in Crete [this] is a pretty good depiction of what they would generally look like
That's July
".]
i love this thread, having no evidence for something is unimportant apparently because they could have found some undetectable way of doing it...i guess they control Germany and the rest of the EU already as there is no evidence of that either but it could happen...
Surrounded by all this sea, some men are bound to become salty.
What does Greece and Turkey have to do with this ?
I'm not sure I've heard any common ones, but I know that some people I know say this when they have to go to the bathroom
You have people cutting heads off because they're against free speech and you don't see an attack on certain values (let alone the attack on lives)
After 8km, I would assume you are somewhat sweaty and you wouldn't be wearing your work clothes while cycling either way
(jeg håber at jeg har ikke lavet så mange fejl, da jeg er ikke endnu på et højt niveau)
sadly true
Especially in the the winter, It's situated next to a large lake, making it very foggy
As far as I am concerned Germany and France where the ones that wanted to open the borders of the EU to millions of unlawful immigrants because they wanted some cheap labour
There is a big cost involved, made bigger by the lack of infrastracture in the areas where starving is commonplace, which those needing the food obviously cannot pay, and by the time it arrives most of it will have completely rotten away anyway
When reporters asked the Minister of Health about this scandal he said "why are you asking me, I am not going to answer to you", yelled about how the press is controlled by the opposition and they only ask about the bad things and finished by telling them "all of you versus me, I have you".
Honestly, to me, sausage is something that's meatbased
What are they supposed to wank to?
But if you live close to a beach and go for a quick splash and dash, then no problem with that
In my opinion a flag itselve is not a tell of whether or not someone is someone is a nationalist or not, there are other way more important signs that that
Yes, but our debt has also increased
You can tell it was before the coup and all the shit with Erdogan eh
People go to church only on like Christmas and Easter, and that's definitely not everyone lol
Never tasted it nor I will ever
Black coffee is amazing
He tried to take a turn, the bus was coming and the novopan went [flying over to the bus] Out of the 47 students (Ages 16-17) the 21 died, horribly
Knowing better is one of my favorite channels, thank you
In fact during Byzantine times the turban (sometimes with feathers too) was a symbol of wealth.
is that really a thing
Thank you brother
Most of the times, when a reporter is asking something, like really basic, for example who is the President/P. Minister of Greece, or a REALLY basic historical fact, the party goers just sound stupid
What a sweet thing to do (for a State)!
I knew a few people who refused to work there after being offered a job.
Actually, the etymology of [February] is linked to death too.
Dunno man, Scandinavian crime literature is extremely popular in my country
Νύχτα (Nychta) from ancient Greek Νυξ (Nyx) = Night, and also the ancient goddess of the darkness, daughter of Chaos and sister of Erebus
It usually doesn't have anise in it.
Yes definitely
Other than that, we also have:
I disagree, all my classes will be in english.
51 is penínta-ena
Don't forget γυροκομείο (gyrokomio), which is a pun with the word γύρος (gyros), and γηροκομείο (nursing home)
I know nothing about Dutch cuisine but dutch ovens must do something rather special to earn a [certain] :D
Then a bunch of shit happened, that will make this text too long, but Turkey proceeded with a second invasion with the only purpose of grabbing land
Um, we are living proof that it actually can ..
But when we want to call out to someone we use the clitic case and patriotis becomes patrioti
As long as no ships come through of course ;p
Italy
I am half Hungarian half Greek
No comments on the actual "tirade" by the man who spent his afternoon whitewashing neonazis - without quotes
One of the more somber comments in this disaster of a thread
Quite a big one
However if they want they can speak with a heavy accent and throw in some Cypriot words and we have a lot of trouble understanding them
in our modern history after we freed ourselves, all of our monarchs were foreign, because it was outrageous back then to be a democracy so we had a german noble installed and that continued until our last one
We already have a term for fascist...
I dont think that's the case here
Or rather, lack thereof
The genocide deniers strike again
Globalization is not gonna stop until it reaches its goal.
Almost all modern Greek names have some roots in ancient Greek, but most weren't used that much unlike these names
He wasn't even implying that...
I'm assuming this is the case for many languages, but since my second language is English, that's what I have to compare it with
That we were a country in ancient times
for instance they wanted the coastal guard to be based there although  Volos is the  port with the sea and all and Larissa is 60 Km away from the sea
With your words you pretty much reaffirm Turkey's stance and discourse on the matter, so the discussion from my part ends here
Customarily, many take a bottle of holy water with them that day (the priest blesses a container of drinkable water for the faithful to take home)
I'm from Greece, you think I have even seen any bill above the 50 euro mark
Greece, forever alone
In Greece it starts with the prime minister refusing the free entrance of Italian troupes through mainland with the expression "Well, then I think we have a war" (before that we just learn about the beginning of the war and how Greece tried not to get involved at first)
From my understanding, a lot of science fiction writers use "Luna" for the name of the Moon, but it's official name in English actually is the Moon, and Luna is Spanish and Italian (and Latin)
I I'm not sure that's why I'm asking
Both of the saints that the Santa Claus figure was based on are from Asia Minor
Yes, YES
Honestly, I don't think our government has any substantial power over the region, they just do their own thing, have their own rules (ex
Χάος = Chaos but we actually pronaunce it as "Haos"
Yeah we have those too usualy with pepper, onions, tomato etc
I always thought it sounded very bad and not understandable but I've been complimented on it before, although I really can't understand what's nice about it lol
Most if not all the Mediterranean and Balkan countries
I am more font of our Roman past than anything before 146 BC so I would like something during the Arab-Byzantine wars
Basically all the time
During the last year of high school, the amount of information that is included in the curriculum literally cannot fit into a normal school year
Putin has put people in jail because they protested against him
Other than that, we also have:
Which Turkish minorities are seeking independence outside of Turkey?
Greece at 20°C: "It's kinda chilly today, let's wear a jacket
Oh no
edit: my opinion, of course
A dude above wrote that in Portugal people are expected to keep their shoes on, you say that it's a "big no no".
I'm not a savage
We aren't giving them back though, so good luck to your boys getting them from them I guess
The French taste like fermented grapes and body sweat
I'm glad
[Here] is a proper Italian backside.
I really like στο μουνι της μανας του
Edit: Recipe
for example
We have the oldest records of a language still spoken today, from 1500BC clay tablets written in Linear B. Id say we stand out because we've have a continuous culture and language since the bronze age
They also think that fascism/nazism are dead because noone is wearing Hugo Boss uniforms or give fiery speeches about the Jew Problem.
They supported a coup at Cyprus, with the goal of reunification of Cyprus and Greece
Exactly a century ago, in 1917, a fire swept through the center of the city causing great devastation but allowing for a new city plan.
*LARSA*
Next stop: *Agios Petros*
1 Turkey
Tessera (4)
I can understand English just as well as my native language, but I never practiced speaking or writing just as I would like to
Greek has Cretan and Cypriot that are distinct dialects from the respective islands
That's the only way EU countries should interact with each other
Mandarin + English and you are golden
Correct, I got confused, I mean far right
I know you jest but in all seriousness, this plan can only work if there are people who actually want to move there.
Dont try to understand such scum.
I'm going to wear a pin with the flag of Luxembourg and walk around with a sandwich saying "Dat ass hot"
They [ganked] but the Great Powers counterganked
Great job OP, it looks neat
I sat inside, and I agree it's more pricey for Portuguese standards, but it's still cheap
And this is why every single business that used to operate in Northern Greece has moved to Bulgaria.
You can believe in god and still be a ""realistic"" critical thinker™
The left used to represent the working and middle class, now it represents everyone but the working and middle class, that is the main issue.
Nobody will ever say "hey did you feel that Enceladus last night
Someone said my Greek accent sounds Arabic and I haven't spoken to him since
Norway Media: Our political party leaders had an debate yesterday about Christmas
I thought shitposting was supposed to remain on the internet!
And if they roam outside the protected zones can they just be hunted
The big green spaces in the city that are found in England
Germany's, From Barbarians to conqueror's, to the Holy Roman empire, the thirty years war, Prussia, and then the unification of Germany, the World wars, the Berlin wall, I'm just fascinated With Germany and all of history in General
They are already red, I wouldn't want to make them more furious by rejecting them :p
Yup, I can't translate it word by word but we use it to suggest that sth is "just right"/"as is should be", mostly meaning that it is ideal for the circumstance at hand
I have a slight difficulty understanding what I'm seeing.
Eat at home
Thanks
Slovenes and Croats wanted to break free, so they did.
The last time we got real snow , in my area,  I was six years of age
The problem with Kemalists is that while they tried to force westernisation to a society that was alien to such culture very few of them were liberal.
I often get `νευρικός` (angry, mad) mixed up with `nevrous`. They sound too similar and sometimes I just think it's the same word
I haven't been on reddit for long, but I visit this subreddit daily
"It wasn't the one we wanted"
To me , it has to do more with the fact that Pelloponisos and Sterea Ellada were liberated first among others
No, because they are not trying to cause a state of terror
That's true I forgot about our great and mighty mountain tea hahah
Identity politics is not even useful in europe.
shower
Comoh ey-stas
We all know what the fate of the Baltics or Eastern Europe would be without the US.
California for instance gives 55 electoral votes when Oklahoma gives 7.
Also hi, we've interacted before lol
Κωνσταντινούπολη = Konstantinoupoli = Istanbul, was named simply η Πόλη = I Poli (the town) therefore εις την Πόλη = is tin Poli = istanbul
Unpopular opinion here, but I totally prefer winter hour
Popular sovereignty is the foundation of government
b) drop the rent prices in the suburbs of Dublin - and then you would need to commute, so the overall expense would be the same,
Greece was probably trying to get a loan again and didn't make it in time
Both pronunciations are used, the latter more common amongst older generations
It's the motive of this rhetorical violence and where it aims that makes him a fascist.
I have visited quite a few ancient temples though
There's a nationwide debate on whether ground beef belongs in Gemista (peppers and tomatoes filled with rice [and ground beef])
You would be surprised to find out how many Canadians go to the US for treatment because of the American superb quality.
Your heart and blood vessels, that's wrong with butter and lard.
The civil we tho yeah, I believe it’s still the event that divides the country  and responsible for the political opinion of most people, left or right wing
As someone who had to go through some big chunk of time without proper sun and daylight (due to health reasons) the end results of that really aren't the best for you
That cost us like 15 bucks per person, and we had a blast
I mean, take a look at the US
This acknowledgement is in no way incompatible with faith or lack/rejection thereof
Zuidererzee
What place was that
Do they have independence tendencies or are they fully integrated?
Also i like how most if not all the media blame Trump for the 2nd wave (100% at fault for the first)  whilst not even daring to mention the effect that the protests and the massive crowd gatherings may have had to this
It is has its own laws and capital and it is governed by a college of the heads of each monastery (It is sort of a monastic order)
Those were Helen, Clytemnestra, Polydeuces and Castor
To the people wondering why Greeks spend so many hours in cafés, it is because they are actually backgammon dojos that serve coffee
I think we should calm down, the Trump presidency is not the end of the world.
We mainly used it in high school if we didn't want the teacher to know what we were saying
And I thought that Italians are very organized and respectfull unlike us savage Greeks
Live in a country with no rivers or lakes and almost entirely flat, yet somehow they've survived and prosopered
" -Süleyman Demirel
Orban is establishing an illiberal state for many years and noone did anything about it
Which part of Greece are you from
I have a particular no-go zone in my mind just outside the city I live.
Yeah all european countries celebrate the end of the war
Also  it is  widely regarded as unhealthy and stinky .
An EU with looser dependency on the US would more likely lead to the US being as foreign to us as Russia.
Kemalists are very nationalistic actually.
I wish I had something else to say
So don't tell me that Germany and others are actually carrying about us and they don't want us to be overwhelmed with migrants
5 people dead, 1 cop dead,and surely a couple more i dont remember
Man that analyst must be pretty embarrassed for his predictions today
Rotting Christ, which I'm listening to right now :p
The issue is that the UK is ripping itself apart from the EU overnight, slowly heading towards a no-deal scenario
That's true but I was referring to Herodotus who first treated historical subjects using a method of systematic investigation—specifically, by collecting his materials and then critically arranging them into an historiographic narrative
The Bavarians taste more like Austrians and are very rich in flavor bc of the nitrites
It depends on where you live
I looked up the etymology, apparently it's from "Alla burla" or "Alla burlesca" in Italian and means "as a joke". Also we say akatalavistika (ακαταλαβίστικα) which means "non-understandable-ese"
This is one of the few times in my life I really prefer america's way on this over central europe's.
They aren’t scared of people
It's already a shitshow
Yup
They will die if left for a long time in space
Unfortunately we had no other choice.Not that we have now.But in my eyes,Syriza looks like a better option than everything else.
I found the frappè to be accurate/typical of greeks (especially while they are studying like the girl in the painting)
Obviously Covid is widely discussed, since we're also heading for the second wave, and new measures have recently been enforced
And I know a lot of people who left around that age
They repeatedly attacked people, they killed 2, they had informants in the police and they felt so comfortable and protected by the police that when the murderer of Fyssas was being arrested he told the officer "I'm one of you". If you think that it's just one dead man I suggest you read their case file to see what other charges and convictions they have on their backs like the murder of Shehzad Luqman, the almost murderous attacks on Egyptian fishermen while they were sleeping in their home, various attacks on political opponents, the fact that they had a massive armory which was "safeguarded" for them by a policewoman who **still works for the hellenic police** etc
Sorry, my bad
[Nah she has been saying that for years.]
3) You can use any cuss word/phrase in any situation and it will most likely be valid
The comments are really biased here.
Wise move though, we have a planet’s ecosystem to save
I don't think Cyprus uses ELOT , I am only seeing Panayiotis with y.
Imperial measurement system
Yeah,  I meant that those are the usually stereotypes for muslim nations
I had better expectations from our relationship
In what filthy casual camp did you serve not spending time to make your bed?!
Creta is beautiful
... are very rare
Well we can't talk hypothetically.
Honestly I don't know
But I have to make it clear that this idea is copyrighted .
It seems in a pretty good condition for a 70 year old cup
Watch how the same old Wall Street and military-industrial complex types become part of his administration.
My comment was a joke regarding the Byzantine Empire, youshould open a book and read about it, its pretty dope.
The word Μαλακα
In Greek you can say "my relationship" if you don't wanna specify the gender but that's gonna basically out you as homosexual even if you're not
I signed up too, can't skip any opportunity to be annoyingly helpful to tourists!
Obviously I'm going a bit overboard but speaking the truth it's just the papers that are on the table to issue a driving license
No, really, Athens was a small village at the time of our independence and it was later chosen to be the capital because of its historical significance (mostly to showcase a continuity with ancient Greece etc
In Greek the car brand's name "Jeep"  is used to refer for an SUV vehicle no matter if it's an BMW, VW etc
Ειμαι εκπαιδευμενος στον πολεμο γοριλλα και θεωρουμαι ο καλυτερος ελευθερος σκοπευτης σε ολο τον Ελληνικο στρατο.
* Countries they want to invade and occupy
They said the exact same thing.
It's very easy to find Greece in these graphs/maps these last few years :/
Apart from some migrant camps and political instability we don't see the image of a starving child as much
Not even in universities, which are supposed to accept and encourage foreign students
Other than great views of the caldera, the island has little more to offer.
Sony are fucking scum and have chosen their side
But you are trying to hide behind accusations that i am trying to wash-off neonazis
Not British, but the equivalent of the word fuck in greece sounds way more serious yet you can hear it almost everywhere, yet there are a lot of greek words for fuck you and each is more serious than the last one  and can easily start a fight no matter how it is used
[Out of Africa]
And we are a super urbanized country, so that's around 80% of population
9, basically 29C for warmest temperature of the day in September, according to the link that you sent me
Dekaefta(17)
What you said is sane alas it doesnt allow them to turn economics into pathetic "morality" lessons.
it's never other countries starting conflicts with Turkey
The Oscar-nominated short documentary about the refugee crisis, directed by Daphne Matziaraki
He was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire during that time
Saturn = Κρόνος (Kronos, named after the Titan)
Not sure what your country is, but according to [this map] it would have been within the borders of Greece only
Bad shit is bad shit though, I don't hate nor give a shit about Turkey, I simply said that this post is 50% in Asia which it is, that doesn't make me hate Turkey
Serbian imperialism was the cause of the war.
She used to own a logistics company and would speak French, Italian, Spanish, English and Bulgarian on the phone with business partners which I really admired.
To this day, Greece still has the largest Aromanian population of any country in the world
I already posted 2 links about the Racak massacre
Why would you name your airport after another nations historical figure?
and a lot more
So anyone reading this, please dont feel like "oh the virus is over", but check the numbers yourself and use critical thinking
Taking his advice, Franco was asking absurd things from Hitler in order to join, knowing that he could not give them to him
Either way it's always filled with customer's and I've honestly never had any problem with something I've bought from Lidl, value for money 9/10, until now
I guess that what happens when smart Friedmanites like Mart Laar are in charge.
Just the ones out the top of my head that are amazing and pretty much nobody outside greece knows
Angela my baby, in my nightmare, you look like my most beautiful and living dream
You forgot some like central heating, the concept of citizenship, plumping, Lighthouses, Algebra obviously Feta cheese among many others
I visited it as part of a class trip back in elementary, but ever since, I have only been there once, for a stroll in the parking lot because of the view
Rare in the journalism of today.
And I guess during this year your dinner was also retsina and every kind of liquor you could get your hands on
Last night was awful, I agree, I couldn't sleep up until 12
After they left Yugoslavia that piece of shit Karadzic came to Greece and proposed to Samaras to partition Macedonia.
Then Papandreou (the son) said ND was lying too with the military equipment which wouldn't have mattered so much to the EU since they basically made the sale happen but Papandreou wouldn't agree to bailout terms creating the mass loss of trust for Greece
Then for the medieval times, in the early 1000s there had been a huge boost of the Eastern Roman empire under Basil the second
Most German words, seem to come out throught scrabble
In general, I'd say below 10 it's time to throw on a jacket, below 5 maybe add some gloves to that
So instead of 'Could I please have a coffee?' it's easier to slowly and clearly say ' I want ONE coffee'.
I am Greek university student and I want to visit Germany
For some reason my dad still manages to mix up Sweden and Switzerland even though they sound completely different in Greek (Σουηδία & Ελβετία)
There is actually a [guardian article] about it.
They should sue them for selling this thing they call beer.
Can you tell me some of these meals
We have a teacher who is willing to debate with the students(about abortion, homosexuality etc)
Her supporters will claim that it's the evil globalist lizardmen who try to shut her down.
That's the first time I'm reading this
Fuck them
I don't think I knew anyone that didn't go to private after-school tutoring at least on the last year, when we have our national exams, if they wanted to enter a university
I was expecting only downvotes because r/europe
He was a democrat in the past, and he actually panders to legal immigrants.
Most countries use comma as the decimal separator
It's τυρί (tyrí) as well in Greek which means cheese, but I think it more makes you smile for been a totally random thing to say when taking a photograph, rather than making you show teeth by the way it's pronounced
23 DEAD
Note I did not say isis since there is no hard evidence just speculation, al-nusra was seen as ally for turkey in the first 2-3 years, not sure about now.
After reading other comments our longest running TV show seems tiny
Year 12: 1815-Today in depth
Is it time to weaken NATO while Russia is sweeping across Ukraine?
People starting to think that touching and social contacts are dangerous and bad
We call it souvlaki (kalamaki in Athens).
China and India destroy the environment
Any sources for this
Haven't heard of it
Croatia by far
This is a weird fact
Brace yourselves Bulgarians I am coming next month
Number 3 is pretty fascinating to know!
That means we are going to exist for the next 2K years?
Ireland is green, not sure what I expected
Greek justice system: Couple years of house arrest, best I can do
Greek the way it actually sounded like, people will start laughing at you and probably call you names
However the title was used for Alexander the great and the byzantine emperors as well
People who do display the flag constantly are more often than not pretty right-wing
You sound butthurt,just stop it
I can't choose so I'm gonna mention two :)
The translation, adaptation and voice acting was spot on
Australia should join EU (Europe Under) :-P
My name ends with -ellis
At least you guys get one of the two /s
With night life being **the** way most young greeks "socialize" i'm often the one guy in my friend groups who is always like "nah, i'm good"
Bazinga
These are the top destinations for Danish tourists.
never say that again
Ye, I would also have to disagree
The problem with nationalism is that it corrupts and stains the nobler patriotism.
Modern Greece was born in corruption
The r/atheism user woke up groggy next to his 6 pack of empty Mountain Dew cans
The insane things Federalists post around giving us a bad name.
Having the manuals in my native language and the os in English actually helped a lot to understand the basics of the language
i love the case of whales a part that is getting money directly from the e.u rather than uk and still they voted out..and then they was saying that they want to continue to get the money once uk is out..
I think oficially only alt-right parties propose it, but maybe there are people from other political ideologies that want it
If a parent chooses to give the name with a baptism, which is about 90% of the cases, the priest registers the name which is always a Christian name or an ancient Greek name (although I know of some exceptions where priests became "creative". Until that point, in all public documents the child uses the name AKO (without first name)
the fuck are you talking about?
And a car
I guess I was just misinformed
We Greeks tend to live with our parents up until the day we move out to live with our SO (that's not the case for all Greeks, of course, but it's pretty common)
As for the codfish, we mostly eat it fried along with skordalia (no, there is no cheese in skordalia)
In that case the ID or passport would write "Gouilliam or William" (same for last names)
Trust me, it's a both way street
5 Egypt
The problem is that Spain is a member of the EU, and Spain is a ~~federal structured~~ decentralised  country
You're right, I was focusing on the cities.
It is kinda taboo to reminisce about the junta, but because we did not take the correct steps to isolate these extremists from the public, the problem did not get solved (remember,,, Golden Dawn)
einai h kalypso pou thn fwnazoune litsa
First of all, learn some proper English.
So uh, we're in the Balkans
Normally, it isn't even expected of you to contribute to the expenses (food, bills)
I sure wasn't expecting to fall in love with Irish fish chowder, especially the one I had at Dingle
Very little
That's nothing
First of all, 'monarchies' existed even in ancient Greece, and ancient Italy before the Roman Empire existed, and the Roman Empire had to defeat the kings of Epirus and the successor kingdoms of Alexander's empire.
Out of the loop
I don't think he meant that Ali Pasha was Greek.
Fuck the pencil
Its people
And the general look of the place was very dark, very gloomy and dirty looking, and the only thing that you could see was ancient Greek ruins
(They wouldn't want to enosis with Greece because of the Greek debt situation, moreover their constitution, doesn't allow enosis with no country)
I don't believe it
i don’t think that’s right about greece
It has everything to do with the expenses
Yeah agreed
First time that happens,saw it now
Albania, Bulgaria, Turkey, Germany, some jokes with French and Italians
In the Greco-Turkish war we had initially won back some of our lands and had expanded our state but we wanted too much and went in too far, spread our forces around and actually lost even what we had won
It's more like he wanted to have sex with anything with two legs and he always got it his way.
WE LOVE U MURRICAN NERDMIGOS
But despite its origins I can assure you from my own experience that Italians use it too and very often when interfering with Greeks ;)
Loool
Greek lacks many vowels that English has, which leads to Greeks mixing up words like "shit" and "sheet" or "ship" and "sheep".
The coal dust was everywhere and hovered over the entire plain.
In Greece it also depends on the contex too.
other
> since we're also heading for the second wave
There are very few exceptions
Well the top iPhone right now costs as much as two months of salaries you could say buy an iPhone 4-6 but outside of their chipset and maybe camera everything else is bad and outdated, the second reason is that most people never joined the cult of apple like America has with its walled ecosystem
[This beautiful
I had the opposite impression about Scandinavia
As for the other four, I could eat any of them anytime
It's like the only thing you got from his comment is "blaming" the Ottomans.
like wtf
From my experience, people in the islands are much more open-hearted than Athenians (of course that's a generalisation)
A social democrat party (Movement of Change) that  took 8
The Greek state has *a lot* of dead weight it needs to get rid of and sectors it needs to make more efficient.
British people, the only two countries apart from your own that scored 0 in "not heard of" are Austria and Poland
The source of terrorism is confucianism.
But  that is what the British imposed, and it has scarred Greece ever since
The moment she saw him she recognised him and it turns out he was a carpenter
If it looks like an army and sounds like an army, its probably an army.
For Greeks it is a totally normal thing to do
The origins of the name have nothing to do with the final usage of the term.
Tessera (4)
OP is a zombie visiting his family who lives across the street
Poland during winter
Aragonese is a language just as Occitan or Catalan are
Bydgoszcz
Now you can be "secular" even though nearly your entire population is Muslim.
You can cut down testing and you will have lower cases
May God forgive us all
There is a compilation video of greek being spoken in different tv series or movies
The Erasmus Program is a  student exchange program between between European countries  ( mostly countries from European Union but there are other countries too like Iceland and UK)
Oh that was in Greek
They probably changed the article.
If the German govt won't respond to the call for help, we can send Varoufakis!
I'm lucky if I can find marshmallows to melt on my own
Only Japan would think that's a good idea
Actually, I think that u/skidadle_gayboi was right because people usually different the metropolitan area or the greater area of the city with the city itself and usually they specify it when they are using the metro area or the greater area
Every member together creates the EU
But the situation is still not  good here and we need to build better and safer infrastructure and better education about such things
Especially places that it snows in the winter
My ex was from Fyn and I've noticed that Fyn's climate is strangely similar to that of my hometown in northern Greece
Portugal Greece Cyprus Ireland, all of those economies were torn down but somehow Germany managed to get a profit out of it
on topic i like them al dente too, if they are too cooked it's like eating vomit with hair
I enjoy swimming in October-November the most.
The deposits remain, like malignant  cells in the system
-ákis for males and -áki for females
Up to 1950s two or more names were not used, so a new name was used being a combination of other names eg: Charalamposotirios (Charalampos + Sotirios)
Are you sure about that
Now, is your sushi coworker pretentious about the sushi thing
Greece is also, sadly, a bunch of *total* idiots feeding off of former achievements.
* Sodium - Natrio
It must be Albanian - I never thought about it
It means monastery
It is not recognized as a country by anyone other than Turkey
No country in the EU needs a moral authority and each one has its own history and interests and in the end each government will need to answer to its own people.
Finally someone said it
Ukraine served as a buffer zone too but with their turn towards EU are now suffering.
On October 25, 2006, Greece won the right to label ouzo as an exclusively Greek product
OK, that's a good reason
Yeah, it's quite embarrassing tbh, you have a total shit song not even you would vote for and you still get the maximum points just because you're related
We also don't drink sterilized milk very often
As someone born and raised in Rhodes, my first reaction was to laugh (it's not everyday the island is mentioned in Reddit)
3) They have a weird transferable vote system
An italian wants to give back Magna Graecia back to Greece?
[1][3][4] Accurate representations on Corinthian vases are sufficient to indicate that the "Illyrian" type helmet was developed before 600 BC
along with the catacombs beneath it
So, it isn't a particularly noteworthy skill, although having a high degree of competence is a differentiating factor
Nationalism appeared in the 18th century.
Greece had been into a bad position since it was reborn and suddenly we got rich, coincidentally when we joined EU.
Same in Greece, mostly used is blue then it's black
Yes, they are
I learned English from music and video games
Thus, I don't think being an Atheist causes any problems to most of them
It's great actually holding a physical one again
when people are pushed too far they will bite back.
In Greek it is a hair and a rope
They're perishable
With that said, Wikipedia says Portuguese and Catalan too use the article with first names
My mom did the klidonas, she saw someone with curly hair inside a wooden boat paddling but the boat was on a field of wildflowers, not the sea
"We reaffirm our commitment to rationalise and phase out, over the medium term, inefficient fossil fuel subsidies that encourage wasteful consumption, recognising the need to support the poor.
Always English, it's really weird for games to be in Greek
Proof that productivity doesn't have to do with how much time you spend at the office
"Οι Γερμανοί είναι φίλοι μας" (Í germaní íne fíli más)
Why do a lot of houses have glass doors
That’s more like Recently Widowed Teachers Meeting
Hence, many children nowadays have two or even three names
It was really bazaar
Don't know why that guy had to be so bitter about someone's opinion.
I wish I had some Belgian fries right now
I thought for a long time that Porsche was Italian .
Well we mostly fucked ourselves but the way Germany handled it wasnt the ideal rom economic perspective
I'm not blaming them solely, you made it seem like it.
Germany and some others ain't gonna ditch their interests in Turkey because we have a standoff with the Turks
Then you haven't taste Greek or any other Mediterranean cuisine
Mission Impossible - > "Επικίνδυνη Αποστόλη" "Dangerous Mission"
Yeah, Europa-girl is a fucking weeb
nero = water,
This is out of topic, but as a proud Balkan guy from Greece, having no section devoted to my country in a website called "Balkan Insights" is ridiculous.
It's just a bizarre language altogether
But a great one for their higher-ranked ministers...
Conservatives in the CDU don't like that at all and maybe the SPD will look for partners to the left.
I would never remove it
Xx_BrokenWind_xX
I was happy for the acquaintance
Idk, maybe it's because I have more of a city experience than an island one
Only Greeks get to complain about their government and financial, social situation etc
&#x200B;
τόνος = putting emphasis on something
If you are home at noon just stay inside and don't do anything particular until the sun gets lower and temperature falls a bit
I would like to say we have many, but Greece has kind of stayed behind a little apart from a few projects
And here in Greece we wear jackets in that kind of weather
And you can choose to read what I actually wrote instead of getting mad at something you made up in your mind:  We really should stop blaming others (like the EU) for **all** our problems
Trade in better terms with others economies
Thank you Finland for the great music
It's not like the MOU was a giant program to transfer greek wealth to Germany
I'm not gonna write the whole thing but it is similar to the English way
Yeah, it's mostly anti-Islam jerking and "deus vult" memes.
Very nice job op
Article 1
Then again further into the mainland its totally fine, but even there in some cases as the guys from Italy mentioned it may have too much chlorine to the point you can taste it, averting people from consuming it
How do you make this
The attack in Berlin is the perfect example that shows that they don't attack someone based on what he has done.
Next week it's gonna be 38-39 for several days (which qualifies for a heatwave)
When her see, [at] her glare
I love this, this is probably my favorite style out of all of them
The truth is I'm going back in Greece in like 1 month so I wont be here for the autumn :(
And we are a super urbanized country, so that's around 80% of population
That dont sound so bad,i might adopt it
They don't have any respectable leader and all they do now is to tell how bad Tsipras is and that there is emergency for coalition of many parties.
Ridiculous
A big ( very big ) portion of the Turkish people love him.
The worst part is that the "lazy Greeks/southerners" thing was just bullshit.
For example
The word psofa is a phonetic transliteration of ψωφα, nothing more.
We average 12-18 people in big gatherings and we prepare food for 24 but generally I grew up having l my aunts family living in the same block of flat so 9/10 times we would eat together in the weekends
How does the idea of eating octopuses sound to you
Keep up the good work
Thousands of people spreading COVID like there is no tomorrow
Calm your tits, this is not the Guardian calling every Trump supporter or Pepe propagator a Nazi or KKK sympathiser.
..to name a few
No one outside of Greece has ever heard of Evvia, even though it's our second-largest island with nearly 200,000 people
The same goes for the Slovak minority in Serbia or the Croatian minority in Romania
And most Canadians i know are not.
Is this the Marseillaise am hearing
I used to live in London for 6 years but now I came back and I live in an island, in a village
i used it to learn a bit of dutch & french
Plovdiv= Filippoupoli (phillip town)
The Minoans had developed what was then an extremely advanced irrigation system, including several aqueducts
we celebrate Christmas on the 25th and go to the church and we get our presents at 12 am 1st of January
filotimi masculine plural
During junta laws were different.
I remember that every seeker counted in fives with an inflection of voice that kinda made it rhyme
Also, I have no idea about the modern architecture, but there are loads of greek temples all over turkey's coast if that counts as architectural similarity
Greece-Bulgaria-NMK-Albania-Turkey
As someone raised in NY and living in Greece right now, just seeing the responses here makes a lot more sense to me
Customarily, many take a bottle of holy water with them that day (the priest blesses a container of drinkable water for the faithful to take home)
I love Bill Bailey man, he's fucking gold
What about it ? I don't think I've heard anything about Ilia
You chip in according to your GDP and you get funding for projects, infrastructure and so on
Welcome kardeş
But the quality of the food there helped me start cooking for myself
And landlocked between Germany and Greece, that can't be fun
Also in the southern suburbs there are  mountains and there also many beaches . Also it is relatively relaxing and quiet  and there isn't a big density, so I can enjoy my personal space when I wait for bus without being squeezed
Γκοου μπακ μαντάμ Μερκελ.
Again
I'm not a savage
I had no idea he could actualy become the PM,thought it was a joke
m) maisonette, 4 bedroom for 380k euros
I think he mean jokes in a bad way about the situation of the country
Texts after 300 bc or so are a bit easier to understand because a simplified, more related to modern Greek language is used
He actually was Symvasileus, co-emperor
Maybe the trick is to make them narrower, so that cars don't fit to park
Nevermind the fact that the HDP is one of the few forces in our neighbour country that's giving a shit about human rights and democracy.
first armed conflict in Croatia was enforced when Croatia sent attack Helicopters to destroy a Serbian roadblock
Where can I find more information about this
Suburbs are lit
I hope that this will happen in Greece too
For many Turks that come here they can also see the house where Ataturk was born and raised, serving as the Turkish Consulate in Thessaloniki
> You must be proud
Why do you hate to say it
(for dogs)
I remember i tasted a bit of alcohol in the past and i didn't liked it
Nowadays I only use Facebook to login to some shits i dont really care and for their shop and honestly if it wasn't for the letter i would have been long gone ...
If you stop the war, refugees stop too.
(the wrap kind :\] )
We gotta raise that numbers
Love back ️
doom a lot less somber than Roubini.
Fraport signs 30 year deal for 14 regional airports - 1.4 billion to be invested in infrastructure and upgrades
For example:
Antonis -> Antonákis
* Courses with a large audience are being done on the University's streaming platform
Cheers for the info
They maybe even fight
Hahahaha
Russian (it's spoken in several parts of Europe): спасибо (spasiba)
Well in orthodox countries it is the second day of Easter so in a lot of countries its a holiday and the workers holiday gets postponed another day on 5he tuesday
Wow look at the UK.We dont need that shit in the EU!!
Macedonia, we have a problem
But i guess that generally for most people  isn't very common, like something that you do very often or on a regular basis
"Ancestor worship
Lol there are estimates of 300.000 muslims in Greece, mainly in the north, Turks, Pomaks and Romanis.
It is, like the name suggests, the thickness of a finger and it usually equals half an inch, or one and a half centimeters
But there was a viral video of an African tourist that was very enthusiastic about the Greek language and someone taught him some curse words having him think it was something else
OK, you're a little louder then us I have to admit
Here's an Italian comedy movie that works really well for Greece as well
A sad result of the absence of law & order in Greece.
Bosnia is the EU's puppet state, it's even enshrined in the law.
They shit all over our balconies so they can fuck right off
I'm gonna trigger a lot of people but...
Must be kind of awkward now, although EU still needs to reform and be more open and push for investments to boost youth employment, otherwise Brexit people might end up being right
I get that
The same circus act happens every year.
Ali Pasha was Albanian and that's well known to people who have studied about the Ottomans
Accept advice, thank from the before
The king abdicated and fled, and we joined Entente
If we were learning about every religion in the world,that would make sense
it was closed from 3000ft to 46000 ft because 45000 is the op.range of the normal 9m38 missile
>But Christodoulides said it wasn’t so
The two first hours and last hours have no break between each other
I added the Greek name of Diem25 which is Mera25 and it might be more known to Greeks
Yes, but it's not compulsory
I never thought "Pass me the salt please" could be international business
The title Ottoman applied to every Ottoman subject.
Helen is always the daughter of Zeus, and Clytemnestra the daughter of Tyndareus, Leda's mortal husband
Is the start of summer,  and  celebrate the new wheat(and what ever else) picked up from the fields
By souvlaki Athenians mean gyros in greek pita bread with different toppings
Welcome to Greece
Every single European nation should condemn the actions and rhetoric of the Turks.
Wow are you describing Greece rn
My grandfather fought with the communist rebels against german occupation during WW2 and my grand- grand father fought against the Ottoman empire  , 4 times he was summoned to fight for his country,
We have a teacher who is willing to debate with the students(about abortion, homosexuality etc)
- 700bc Homeric Greek, same as above but no chance at general meaning I can't understand
What
risking his life to save Europe from Nazi pricks?
Yeap
Those who converted and are probably the main descendants of modern day Turks are the Anatolians.
But these things also happen in 'non-oppressive' regimes such as many democracies of the EU
Those are the most common places that tourists go to but there are more places
Gah
I'm pretty sure that is the case for most media outlets (and even blogs) in Bulgaria as well.
Don't rely on ideology for this.
This is a hard question, but probably, the steam engine, democracy, geography, the crane, central heating, showers and underground sewer systems would be some of the top Inventions
Well someone stole a clock from izmir clock tower in the coup...
We just need to find each other in the middle
Far-left thugs burning down private property without having to face any concequences.
I guess because same sex marriage is not *technically* illegal at the moment.
A nation that was obliterated by totalitarianism is sliding into totalitarianism
These thoughts have literally never been associated with church in my country
Oyster sauce
If Sweden is ''democratic socialist'' then almost all major countries in the West are democratic socialist because they're all more or less similar
I hope this madness between us ends soon
because they are stronger and well organised and they will one day accomplish our goal of the Genocide Recognition.
and
Bulgaria: "How do I stop scratching my butt
There are many smaller problems associated, though
Our stay there was part of a school trip that saw us visiting Austria, then Hungary, then Slovakia, in order to catch a cheaper flight from there back to Athens
I've had my fair share of gyros pita ;) Never had bifana though
Keep in mind that 2500 have passed since then (if we're talking about Attic Greek)
Suck on that, Suez
Well if Turkey does something in Balkans it would be the same as an attack on Netherlands itself(EU alliance), thus they would have to respond by sending soldiers and materials to help Balkans, ofcourse this is a 0.000001% scenario but I think he/she does make a point.
Am I the only one that hates this, since most of my friends and I use facebook
So our shoes didn't touch anything other than the floor when we were indoors
Welp I'm having a cultural shock right now
Definitely German and Spanish
Greek genocide + population exchange, around 750,000-1 million Greeks were killed alongside Armenians and Assyrians and other Christian minorities.
You can tell just from the picture he must have been a giant, must of been a legendary fighter.
Live in the Thessaloniki here and 10 years
Mission Impossible - > "Επικίνδυνη Αποστόλη" "Dangerous Mission"
However most people know only the most famous states (like New York, Alaska, Hawaii, California, Florida, Texas)
Aside from that I've seen ppl on Instagram for example claim that he's Turkish
Austrougaria
But if the healthcare doesn't do it, the lack of gun control will
I'm leaning towards [pastichio] which contains bechamel sauce, minced meat, feta and pasta but they are plenty of traditional foods that are really delish.Of course i should mention [souvlaki] and [abelofylo] which is vine wrapped rice that should be preferably dipped in greek yogurt when eaten.We also have [mousaka] basically is the vegetarian version of pastichio.
It is actually really convinient not to carry a heavy backpack all the time
However it is worrying that there are quite a few people who believe that someday we are going to retake it
I know, both my parents' families come from Anatolia and there are even first cousins with the Greek and Turkish versions of the surnames and moreover different endings.
Kalamariá - Squid town
As I said, "child", in the legal meaning of the word, has a different definition depending on what you're talking about.
It was broadcasted in the Greek TV too
Exactly the same in Greece
And I thought Daenerys had a long title.
At least in my opinion is definetely A European place
Well, ours is bigger
Seems like they left out a lot of predominately Christian countries to skew the results
Crete is different from the mainland.
Fml
Sorry I cannot recall, I remember that they had photos of restricted sites.
Fun fact, in greek the word for 'orange' is πορτοκάλι (portokali), and comes from the word 'Portugal', because it was Portuguese merchants who introduced it to the Ottoman Empire from China.
It is generally expected that you start thinking about marriage only after the ages of 28-30
The problem is that this guy is supposedly our face to the world.
I would move to another EU nation though
4 | 132 | Greece, Netherlands, Denmark, France, Belgium, Hungary, Portugal
Δεν περίμενα να δώ τον Μύλο στο Reddit.
If you get exposed to the cypriot dialect then you'll understand them :)
I also know several cases of a main first name that is Christian (George, Eleutherios), and a second being from Ancient Greek mythology or history (Achilles)
Zoom for afternoon classes
The accent is something similar to Spanish or Portuguese that's the only one I can think of
At least we have money for German tanks
For example me as a Macedonian dont have that much common ground with Epirotes when it comes in culture or food
Books by Goethe, George Bernard Shaw, Sigmund Freud, Santayana, and others were gathered and burned in gigantic bonfires
There are also many battles in this war, for example sauce vs aloife and pitogyro vs sandwich
Yes, this
I'm pretty sure I climbed that in Assassin's Creed and then got dressed as a guard
There is never a "would/could/should of", it just SOUNDS like "whould've".
Is this the Marseillaise am hearing
Basileus means king in modern Greek
Happy republic day
I suppose greek is the exception.
Does he atleast drift or do wheelies with that bike
I maybe misunderstood you, because  thought that you were speaking about general average temperatures, but yeah if we are talking about warmest temperatures, then it's only a little bit higher
I've made the calculations and shopping for the same stuff at the super market would easily cost me 2X-3X the money
White socks with sandals incoming!!!
Some Greek calligraphy:
- 10^21 = eksakisekatommýrio (Six times 10^(6))
It was not in the in interest of the Greek state to get rid of Nazi collaborators, since they were helping them fight the communists
You have to compare the before and the after
Note: these are ancient Greek and modern Greek meanings of the word
Το ΛΑ η καρδιά λαχταρά
So it's 100% safe to say it
In Greece universities are free, which in addition to the low prices here, make a good country to study
I would like for Greeks and Turks to live peacefully , but obliderating their country
You are talking in abstract hypotheticals and political philosophy
Most people eat it once or twice a year, on special occasions
it should be blue lmao
Δευτερελθόθλιψη (Dhefterelthóthlipsi)
The equivilant to an English "H" is "X" in Greek, and we pronaunce it "Chi" as in "Hill" (not Chile)
As for the medieval times, I totally agree with you
Who else thinks they wont leave by the 31st
Lets also not forget that there are pedestrian roads for high foot traffic areas and parks if you want to run around or something
Blinker too early, too late
Personally, I'm in love with them
I think there's a huge portion of us that aren't a beach person
In Greek it's παπακη (papaki) which means duckling
Definitely hehe the Italians were the only ones who helped us defend the city
Marinakis wants to know your location
Why are people down voting normal ass comments
I think that all regural police officers have handguns
I was being a bit dramatic with the "losing consciousness" Part but the heat is still painfull, and the elementary kids got their free milk that day with no one harmed
Japan stopped the production of energy from nuclear factories for a long time after the tsunami in 2011.
The shortest I could think of is [έπαινοι] lit
Personally the thing that I mostly dislike is that this subject  wasn't very objective, because it gave too much emphasis on Christianity
I don't think they did to last.It is a symbolic act,like flag burning,flag lowering etc.
This has been asked more than a million times here
Other than that, it's not that different from what you'll find say in German
Curb it
* /i/ can be made in any of these 6 ways: ι, η, υ, ει, οι, υι.
Souvlaki from the tavern, or maybe pizza from Spyros
shut themselves off from the press and go along with trumps "everything is fake news
Must be that time of the century again.
German is like english but with less vowels.
Didn't even know Caernarfon had it's own dialect and I live 15 minutes from there
Now, why the fck would I lie about somethig like that
Also Crete, I surely didn't expect that
That's not exactly accurate
•roar
Daily telegraph obituary
There is a desert on the island of Lemnos
1) One of the greatest Greek generals of the Greek war of independence Karaiskakis had some very memorable ones i) During a battle with the Ottomans, there was some resting time during the battle, so he went on a hill and he was showing his dick to the Ottomans, then someone shot him on the leg, but it wasn't anything
Greece should be 500 (because thats how much most people get)
You just call me names because I don't have the same opinions with you, I have never said something bad about Serbs
The surreal moment when she breaks up with me, then makes a scene when I ask her to take her stuff from my apartment.
[Villagers of Ioannina City (VIC)- Καρακόλια]
They fortunately are standard equipment in Greece too
I didn't mention it because the timeline would become much more complicated and because Sicily didn't have much of an impact on the islands as far as I know
Papaki (παπάκι) meaning duckling or little duck
edited
It's worth watching it since it's more concise than anything I can write here (and only 5 min long).
It happened while the minoan civilization was a thing and it's debated to be the reason for it's downfall
OP is this OC
2nd step
I also ignore which version either sets of aircraft were, thus one can't know for sure which was having the advantage.
You start heavily drinking from 18 to mid 20s usually when you're away in Uni or college
I think he put some sense into tsipras.
Indeed
Neonazis are not a "boogie man" because they are real
In Greece out name is Hellas , but the official name is Hellenic Republic
The populace isn't very supportive of that anymore though.
This year though it doesn't feel like easter at all
This is what I am asking about
Think of it this way: Your country (and mine) also did have their time in the past, have already used up whatever was precious at the time, and are now in the decline.
I think that research from the WHO took place in 2016
I read articles last year that the company will actively try to change that perception and the meme has indeed toned down
I do remember going back to Finland a different year at the beginning of August and I had to buy myself a leather jacket because it was rainy and chilly most days haha
Our ancestors, soldiers and civilians both fought bravely to defend our land and however they have suffered, we feel very proud of them
Pyrgos, in Ilia is also one of these meme places we've got
>Only 15 % of the members of the Church of Sweden believe in Jesus
The modern greek word Historia( ιστορία) has root from the ancient greek word histor(ιστωρ) which means the one who knows a lot on a certain  subject, who is an expert
It's lovely when mods don't even follow the sub rules
[Καλά Χριστούγεννα] from Greece.Happy holidays to all of r/europe and beyond!
Turkey’s political and social instability has resulted in a 67% rise in Germans’ summer bookings for Greece thus far into 2017 reservations.
Also bear in mind that there are no international waters between Turkey and Greece in the places where they choose to make landfall, so they're either in Turkish waters where our navy cannot enter or in our waters where the navy has to abide by international laws and pick them up because they're technically shipwrecked.
So, how do we find the money for all that shit, without blaming ourselves
Mate Athens is pretty much the worst possible example of a Greek city
Edit: spelling
What he has done is irrelevant, when **a state** throws a man in the hole with the lions, humanity has failed.
I thought every country had parades with petrol vehicles to celebrate national holidays
I actually find it really amusing how they use their own mediavel mindset to allegedly "insult" us and believe it's going to work
10%
You deserve better
The whole party/tapas/pinchos culture
I've always thought of Europe as Greece, and of Greece as Laconia: the patriotic/nationalistic, small, lightly industrialised, economically problematic, ethnically cohesive, socially conservative peninsula at the bottom of the bigger peninsula.
[(Source)]
But still even if you didn't see benefits from EU, wouldn't they see some negative things if they leave like some meds that are imported from EU would be more expensive ?
>Nothing more needs said
Abroad I've had some mockings but generally people like it
I'm glad you're writing what you think despite political correctness.
I often hear about the "greek breakfast" of yogurt, honey and nuts
Interesting enough, in Turkish schools they are taught that they were the victims.
Article 1 [Parliamentary Democracy]
British tourists to be precise
I really like this trend of redrawing the lo-fi girl for different countries
I started when I was about 9
They don;t just have tables, they have rooms on the upper floor
Let's not repeat the era where the church owned half of Europe's land, had practically unlimited wealth, and controlled people's minds throughout Europe
And the one we use now
U did great job man
They wont.The politicians wont let them.My cousin in Riot control(Μ.Α.Τ.) tells me they know who does this shit, they are the same every time, but are never given the order to clean house.There are certain areas( Εξάρχεια) and universities( which police are banned from entering) that the anarchists go to "hide" and the police are always stopped, by orders, to enter.
So are you here because you like various European countries and their culture, or you are an American that secretly spies EU in order to destroy it
100 κιλά έκαστος τότε....τωρα;;
That usually happened among relatives and close friends, but, if they were fine with it, they could converse with any woman on this topic
Announcement from the speakers:
Auschwitz
Yes
' that's why I think it's important to learn about the good and the bad things
in greece we have tsiknopempti
Many Greeks have relatives who only came to Greece due to Kemal's actions
drinking sodas instead of water
Not Albania,North Macedonia, or Bulgaria are nations that threaten us in no way
And Basketball badge:
Is there any remix of it somewhere maybe
I don't remember any catastrophic explosion in Greece
> Denmark has a giant “bad music” industry
I think it was something trivial about where to go on vacations and ranking local people based on hotness
For Greece, there were more loses in this war than in WW2
You know very well why Cyprus is vetoing the sanctions and it has nothing to do with Belarusian regimes
Do Portuguese use the Jeep to refer to SUV vehicles no matter the manufacturer
Shit load of Religious Orthodox icons
Fuck it, central
As a health minister you need to know what you are going up against
Senior Russian diplomat found dead in Athens apartment, say Greek police ('first sight' points to natural causes)
Wow TIL.It's surprising that they're still active too.
I remember that every seeker counted in fives with an inflection of voice that kinda made it rhyme
Do they at least make a profit
> Flags
Some people are welcoming and some people are xenophobic
Okay, thank you for pointing it out
Austria wants to start another world war, what's new
&#x200B;
I imagine erdogan listening to 2pac all day and scheming.
- Στην άλλη άκρη του κόσμου/της Γης (on the other side of the world/the Earth)
especially because IIRC modern turks have plenty of byzantine heritage.
(Pente-Deka-Dekapente-Ikosi-Ikosipente
i don't mind using the Greek wikipedia but i prefer the English one cause it usually has more info and it's more unbiased
The myth of the moneytree that grows money: this is the current understanding of most Greeks with respect to the economy
Nervous about the bunga bunga of the god emperor?
I think I'm going to like it
Even if they were paid by foreign power in the end it comes down to the people agreeing with their rhetoric.
They are almost mandatory here
But while at first this was only because of ease of use, soon enough it became necessity:price gougers forced others to gouge the price, and thiefs forced people with low wages to partake
the oracle
Where's our beloved letter "Δ, δ" (Delta)
>, which sounds like a sexual innuendo
What's sad is that most of these temples were destroyed by Conquerors and Christians throughout the years.
Turkey :  merchants in Izimir speaking more Greek than English and trying to sell us whatever in completely random prices
If it were all about Turks wanting out why did Ankara send settlers from the mainland?
You have no idea what you're talking about.
What's wrong with bozcaada and gokceada?
Or India-China, or Tibet-China, or China-China2 (Taiwan)
My first encounter with English was when I was 7 or 8 years old, when My brother bought an Amstrad computer
A lot of people ask greeks how far back we can go in time and still understand our language
same
A lot of people think so but for example, log() or sin() or even the common variables xyz are Latin and still people use them with no problem in maths
what really pisses me off is that those who voted against the article belong to the neo nazi party we have here in greece and 1 or 2 are leftists
If he were one, he'd knew how to handle the EU and the IMF during the 2015 crisis instead of infuriating them.
South europe unite
nah, with syriza in gvt the rioters will stay at home
Argos is older than Athens, it's been inhabited continuously for the last 7000 years
>What you describe is what corruption does, it corrodes people's honesty and morals
Interesting exercise
Lots of my friends are from Albania, I even visited once
At any point, Polydeuces and Castor are always called twins (though they're technically half-brothers), while Helen is Poly's only full-sibling
Edit: Small correction, the above info from the article is about the 1987 heatwave that peaked at 44° not the 1977 one that peaked at 48°.
Paok logo>>>olympiacos/panathinaikos logo
If you are talking about ARMA 3, no it is not the same.
I mean, apart from that joke of a party GD, and that moron Erdogan, and Putin, only some kind of moron would want to start a war in Europe over borders.
I'm just used to setting everything to english, also I think acoustically greek is only for comedies
Indeed
for example:
If you wanna read more, [Wikipedia] is a good place to start
They are considered the successors of the Roman empire just about everywhere in the civilized world
His father, an armatolos (mercenary in service of the Ottomans, initially at least) called Karaiskos, raped a nun who became pregnant
Well social engineering is quite an effective discipline lol.
Yes but it's pronounced as "mm"
000,024
So when's the fourth one
Cheers for the info
The police here are
He has no idea what he's talking about.
Most of their songs are in greek, so i would suggest that you listen to those ones first and then move on to the english ones, because you'll get a more accurate idea of their style
We bust on Bad Boy niggaz fucked for life
Quite often unfortunately
I would much rather be "exploited" by SpaceX or ExxonMobil than live in a country that in the long run stagnates.
. But religion was also used by official institutes against the revolution and against the Greek nation
When you meet a European you need to give them a kiss in the cheek even if you never met them before
Keep in mind however that those islands are rocky and arid, plus they can be cut off from the mainland for days or weeks in wintertime.
Years later she got married with a short guy that was working as the official representative of Coca Cola in the region
The perpetrators, who were Greek citizens, fled to Romania (their considered 'homeland') where they were convicted by Romanian communist courts of fascist collaboration
If no one plays, we all win
That's not an ordinary line
haha . lol
but it's not against *the* system.
Perhaps find a country like Portugal or so, it's somewhere in between if you go to the north
Και χάθηκε μια αγάπη
Yeah
I remember my visit in Istanbul many years ago and, in particular, the welcoming climate
It's like marketing Christiano Ronaldo as a basketball player
Lazaros Christodoulopoulos
At least that the case in the most big cities that the majority of the population is living
The guy who supports permanent US troop presence in the Baltics.
Cigarettes aren't as common with younger people either
I remember getting 2 infrared heaters from them about 5 years ago and they would break down 2-3 times every week
Curb it
My mom thought I was too young at the time (I was a preteen) and then she thought it won't make a difference and I forgot about it (cause you have to do it on st
It depends, the numbers of non-European ancestry in Ukraine must be really small.
Can we stop topping the wrong lists
He thinks he is some kind of Pontifex a Pope for his religion
god is a pirate
Fast, secure, simple UI etc
That's right
Did Erdogan ever called your country/nation nazis?
I want full insurance
Oh boy
In Turkey the army still plays a big role in politics.
I know exactly what you're talking about
Seriously who will vote for the PS after the Hollande disaster ?
London; there's always a bunch of people in their ferraris zooming around the roads blasting loud music
We have [Via Egnatia] here in Greece (and Balkans)
Or at least significant enough to be mentioned multiple times to become a meme
And sometimes I don't remember a word in either my native language or English, which is even more annoying
The increased number of new cars on the roads after 2018, when the economic crisis ended prove that there is money in Greece
Thank you neighbor
I could easily call you a liar for not using the term technically.
There's like 5 of them in Athens and i think that's it
I think it's pretty popular here
You don't know me, you only see a flag next to my name and still you make assumptions about me and my economic situation (and poor = I suck).
OP, once you get from Greece to Italy you just drive through every country
ive seen so many thoughts and opinions on what pencil does, but the whole point of the game is that each "thing" beats one and loses to another
A lot of hate for conservatives and classical liberals/libertarians.
Anyway, that explains the constant spoonerisms
Thus when they want to complain between themselves about their children they start talking Russian lmao
Also, discord and reddit (heck even instagram) dont have my favorite and most useful feature of messenger, speech bubbles ( on mobile)
Do you have German roots by any chance
Not to a big extend , but there is still this distinction in my mind
Well I didn't use fascist because I knew it would trigger you.
This is just a popular term for the security batallions of the 1940s.
Βασικά ειπες ταφφο με 2 φ.
We were taught about one America at my school, I thought that was the standard in Greece
The dorm next door is on fire, we have a feeling it was the American dorm on the other side of us that started it, but not sure.
Yes I am
Me me, am gonna do it guys, let me :
I suppose “-os” for males
Interestingly enough,we do this thing too with silver/golden coins attached to them,it reminds me of the folk dress that  women from Thessaly wear [
So boring and ugly now
If Russia just gave up on him, he would stop his bullshit and realize that Kosovo is independent now.
I wouldn't be able to just pick one, I want to try them all.
One reason is that I despise the local climate with all my heart
I wonder how much our debt would be reduced if Greece could stop forced conscription for the next 5 years or so (we can't coz erdogan but just curious)
I have lived and by live, I mean one month plus in Marousi which is considered a very good area by Athens standards, but I just couldn't stand it
Also, you learn to have eaten before you drink and basically use booze occasionally within context
* /o/ can be made with ο or ω
It is funny actually how childish the behavior is.
I believe that the fame of each state has to do with media exposure and maybe with their economy , because a state with a good economy will attract more people and businesses , so more people are going to know it and I guess there other factors that may contribute to their fame
Plovdiv= Filippoupoli (phillip town)
Indonesia, it's pretty freaking big, no one really thinks that just cause it's an island
I know one girl who's the daughter of an antivaxxer
Greece doesn't really have castles more like giant walled cities, if that counts then like 10
>Our passport is ranked 4th
Opposite her was Scylla, another sea monster, that lived inside a much larger rock
Greece is the opposite end of that for example, where the phrases we use reflect our inability to "filter" speech, "saying it as it is" so to speak
I'm so relieved for this, but also horrified that the vault collapsed so close to it
That's strange
It wasn't, he made a mistake and corrected it
Golden dawn neo nazi voters must be *Fuhrerious*.  /s
It seems in a pretty good condition for a 70 year old cup
And I totally agree with your last remark
It also believes that the 3.5% primary surplus target set for 2018 will not be achieved, asking for a lower target(1.5%).
Maybe he did it to gain some popular support because he has plans for early elections.
Greece has free universities, but I don't know what goes for non-EU students
It was clearly a joke lol
I wonder what would they say if our ambassadors would call for Texas independence or something like that.
Congrats Latvia
All of the downsides with none of the benefits
lol
I think yes
Nazis are extremely rare here, just like KKK is extremely rare in USA
No one in their right mind would ever say Turkey is of the West.
That is how it is in America too
Yeah, he's a moderator of a subreddit so saying he's not is incorrect.
They can just use the pronoun "they" when the gender isn't specified
I agree
On this side of the pond: Anti-Obama protesters in Athens to test police ban
The cross is about christianity (duh) and the number of lines re about the of the phrase "freedom or death".
Yes we sure can say that, but they have more words that they actually also use more often on their daily lifes, that are composite words
But sound changes are a natural part of every language
I basically have to switch to a shitty Greek accent when speaking English every time another Greek is present
Sadly this is where most of the chemicals that are sprayed on are too.
Roads are too dangerous to even get there
It's similar to the Greek one
About TV, I meant that we are in 2019, internet and social media era, there are countless sources of information, how is still relying on STATE TV possible
As is to be expected from pseudo-patriotic, anti-EU, populist dildos such as Boris.
"λέξη" would be a more proper choice I think, "λόγος" is rarely used in that manner.
not all journalists are like that sadly
Congrats for ur countries achievements, polish bro , wish they are not temporary.
We celebrate October 28th with military parades and patriotism, it's the day the Italians invaded, and most people don't even know when the celebration for the end of the war is
Their mansion was big and half of it was taken by the Germans to house officers
salivili hipput tupput täppyt äppyt tipput hilijalleen
Yeah Rhodes is a great and a lot cheaper than Santorini or Mykonos
**Maybe** I could talk to Spaniards as well but I'm not sure about that
Serbs call Russians their "orthodox brothers" but when Russia invades orthodox majority countries like Ukraine and Georgia Serbs support Russia as always lol
Polarization is a big thing
They usually stick together, create a small 'Chinatown' and rarely cause problems.
That is true, and i think the social media helped make the american culture even more influential.
there is absolutely no point in referring to
Military service couldn't have been better in any other branch!
So Albanians and Bulgarians who were not born in Greece are less Greek than Albanians and Bulgarians who were born here.
The moment it is not, the lawmaker is as guilty about what happened as the offender is
Or get caught
I don't think you understand how big an investment it is for poorer areas to get into renewables and how long it takes to pay off
Καλά Χριστούγεννα!
I have had my luggage go downstairs like 4 fours in the last 5 years and I always had that fear, I never left anything important in the luggage going downstairs, only clothes which I likely have a butt load between both of my destinations
That's not really normal but the climate is ruined
This is considered ''socialist'' in the US but it is not
Like, how do people even think that the Civil War wounds are healed
I had to check wikipedia to get my terminology right, what we have around here (I live in a suburb of the Piraeus) is tahini rolls not tahini pie
Ended up at GroenLinks, what does this mean for me?
A video of the lecture was posted on Youtube a week ago by a parent who was not happy with the teacher's choice of pictures shown in the lecture
Anyway we shouldn't relay havily on undemocratic regims such as China Rusia Turkey etc ...
Some years ago in a reality show, there was a guy who introduced himself as a rugby coach
Yeah usually, in less urbanized areas you can buy milk directly from producers and it is going to be more fresh /cheap and flavorful
I wonder if Italy does it also.
Just printed but the art teacher tried to teach us some cursive in junior high
Crete is wondeful, most Cretans on the other hand...
>He said that when a state strongly about an issue it is placed high on the agenda and if unanimity cannot be reached, this is respected and consultations are promoted at the European Council
(Not hating on English btw, there is a reason it is the global language)
Russia is a meme country
Same just recently found out and thought it appropriate
Color saturation is the least of this picture's problems
Think that but limited to Trump himself
Sometimes I do
I know of only one town here in Greece where they serve frog legs: Ioannina - never been there
I think goat milk is more common in rural areas
High five my dude
I would very much like being part of a unified europe but this is not it
I say they dont need to explain speech and stuff, its trouble but we can figure it out
In general booze is there, usually beer with Sunday meals, but the attitude in drinking is different than in other places
If you do try it, let me know if you liked it
Modern Philosophy
Sure, you always have a safety net, but then it's exactly that, you have a safety net that becomes your comfort zone from which you never wish to step out
*Achtually* the French kings bought the title claims to the Byzantine empire by the last exiled Byzantine prince, so *technically*, and if we even assume the Republic acknowledges these, France is the de jure heir to the Empire
But I don't think eastern European is an insult
In general, Germans here are regarded as rule-abiding citizens, hard-working if a bit stiff and humourless
Beirut= Viritos
BTW I think that this show is also very good for adults
But Chalkidiki has a special place in my heart
Some months before that I had booked a roundtrip ticket to Berlin for just €20
Is it a meteor
Which means "Hello maláka, where are you(how are you) you testicle, pussydog"
This is a race between Macron, Fillon and Le Pen.
* English-speaking
Concluding you could say that it's the same excluding some differences
Give them back or we will send our top politicians to 'fix' your economy
ECB refuses to help Italy's crisis-hit Monte dei Paschi bank
Yeah, you are right,  both of these things are actually true
We decided Eastern Thrace and Smyrna wasn't enough, so why not gobble our way to Ankara
Then we can just binge watch the lectures, cause stress is the best motivator
Hmm but that applies even if you study enough and get your degrees
I'm amazed that people insist on considering him a serious person.
As a CS graduate studying law right now for an unrelated degree - fuck law give me equations, algorithms and low level programming any day of the week.
Older people are more commonly pious (or pretend to be) but in the younger generations almost nobody is religious religious.
Greeks create the first alphabet in the world and instead of having 1 letter per 1 sound they had 7 combinations (ι, η, υ, ει, οι, υι, ῃ) that all sounded like "i" according to mod
We, as humans, have also created smartphones, internet, vr , more developed artificial intelligence etc
And for the Greek Democracy
[ from municipality Glyfada, (southern suburbs of Athens, Attica) I kinda look that it's look kinda different than the rest of them
Greeks as well, any Christians really
Okay that's good from Serbia but seriously why are churches and monasteries a reason to reclaim Kosovo?
The left guy is hiding his bulge with a tablet lmao
I have 3 stories about racism in Greece that is not obvious to us white Greeks.
Fun fact: That wasn't a fact
I think there was a skirmish with Bulgaria over a dog
Could you not find a better picture
our "friends and allies" fucked up their country trying to replace their government with one on "our" side, the EU and US are to blame for that war, **we** should clean up **our** mess and help the people whose lives we ruined.
I am sure it was unavoidable, and could have ended better for Greece
( just kidding)
I actually just read their sure again and they are writing " fresh milk, from the farms if Thessaloniki and Macedonia directly to your glass "
People on /r/europe are generally left leaning.
Technically true
Someone took my pen and gave back a pen that didn't work
i ll explain very simply, maybe u can understand: refugees are caused by war.
4 τέσσερα (tessera)
Dont get me wrong, Turkish Cypriots are Cypriots too
I didn't expect that
Swiss tourists are very friendly.
> Winston Churchill wrote, "it is perhaps no exaggeration to remark that a quarter of a million persons died of this monkey's bite
On the other hand, southern european weather means we have to smell someone's sweaty feet if they take their shoes off
All of whom have been proven false
how could albania even do anything to us
Announcement from the speakers:
I, with a military income and my girlfriend who also military and gets paid the same we have enough to live with some minimum comfort like having more than one vehicles
White cross over a blue back round and the golden Byzantine eagle that our churches use on top
How is it legal to run for so many years
He is a hero in Turkey and a villain in Greece
iirc it was among the many things the refugees brought to Greece with the population exchange of 1923
Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs: Press Release Regarding the Rejection of our Extradition Demand by Greece
•rural
"It's the Germans to blame, it's the Americans, it's the IMF
For people who can't read Greek,  these names are Christos and Christina,  but because Christ in Greek is Christos,  the name Christos is written with η instead of an I.
Νομιζω πιο καλα απο το honorable θα ταιριαζε το decent
They're tourists and are always welcome.
The furnitures wouldn't last more than 2 weeks
I stand with Jošt :)
I used to drink the tinned milk at my grandma's house when I was little and I'd sometimes put it in my coffee as a young adult
Only this time we didn't let things go far
Sorry, i was carried away
No sign of nature
The UK government is slowly pushing the NHS off the cliff in order to introduce more private healthcare like in the US
> To facilitate transport by Elgin, the columns' capitals and many metopes and frieze slabs were either hacked off the main structure or sawn and sliced into smaller sections, causing irreparable damage to the Parthenon itself
I just tried to explain why op might have thought that, btw they wrote on another comment that it was a joke
Ok so:
They conveniently emit that their "lot" burned down 3 innocent people by firebombing a bank some years ago
Why do some turkish use the term "risk conflict" ...if Turkey starts conflict then the recipient must react to said conflict
It's not something important, like nuclear launch codes, just an expression people in Seattle use
We are, but only during the summer
The restaurants around the world that offer British dishes mostly do so to appeal to British tourists that can't venture to eat anything that is not deep fried
Carry your cultural background with pride with you but don't spit on the ground you're living in, be open, be honest, make friends
The Arch and the Palace of Galerious, and from there to the sea in the White Tower
:o the one in a million
The two languages are very similar when writen.
"Nem" is hungarian for "no" and "ne"/"ναι" means "yes" in Greek
It took us 5 days because our dog's passport had the **order** of the vaccines the other way around and we couldn't take her on the ferry in Calais
>That's just not normal
We have already found the ideal way to display our statues 2000 years ago
They both sound the same and many people incorrectly use οτι for both cases
This mindset: "Terrorism is controlled, once in a while hundreds will die but that is nothing compared to driving/disease/etc" .
nasa is part of the GRID so no its not only in nasa hardware esa helped quite a lot on the data crunch
I am a heavy drinker lol
That’s the moment I decided I’m never going to vote for that guy
I was confused about private schools and colleges
And landlocked between Germany and Greece, that can't be fun
Balkans stronk
I see
Because you'd have to burn the whole of Turkey, as Greek culture can be found EVERYWHERE, from Smyrna to Trapezounta.
Greece had an empire that spanned up to India and Egypt
Btw what is his political position/ affiliation ? Would say he is left winger, right winger, a centrist or something else
to be fair, yeah this kinda stuff happened a lot at 1300 BC
We average 12-18 people in big gatherings and we prepare food for 24 but generally I grew up having l my aunts family living in the same block of flat so 9/10 times we would eat together in the weekends
While close to 200,000 Serbs and other minorities left Kosovo by 2000
and I also didn't bother searching
The names either mean Moat or Herakles' City
It isn't though, is it
Excluding Meteora, I guess probably that
But now that I live in the Midwest in the US and I compare the temperature between Helsinki and Chicago often during the heavy winter, I would pick Finland in a heartbeat
I agree
That's a good idea
Your comment is completely unnecessary.
I built a similar network playing a map in RT3
For example, if sb watches a movie which feels "just right" for that specific time/setting/mood, he may say that "the movie is oti prepei", even if he thinks that the movie is generally kinda bad or stupid
Meanwhile lobbying is a thing on other parts of the world
Also, there's usually no flags displayed inside gyms, schools/universities, restaurants etc
Every year the mine gets larger and swallows up more and more villages
Here's the opportunity of a generation to show the detractors of the European Project what the EU fucking is about and EU leaders are going to do what
Honestly that was surprising even for us, hasn't happened before
I know that you were referring to the Istanbul Pogroms.
Pretty sure you didn't
At least use fucking historically appropriate insults.
is Russia actually blocking any other sites turkey-style?
The son-of-a-bitch part is also based on how he was born
Our royal house was Danish and we almost sided with Germany in WW1.
If we are in the same boat then it is a very good boat
I have never in my life heard of "ϗ". What does it look like handwritten
And after the Fourth Crusade, when Crete passed into Venetian leadership, the name of the city was latinized to Candia
It's a very interesting country
Many Greek inventions are now being used in everyday life
COME ON
Eleftherios Venizelos
According to the people I know who lived in both Athens and smaller cities or islands:
I just think that most people who use these words/phrased are usually from the southern states of America
Greece was governed by Junta (i.e., a military coup/dictatorship) at the time
Well the Republic of Cyprus even has a [Turkish Cypriot MEP]
Best by some metrics, sorely lacking in some others, let's just agree there is no single metric.
Για τι = for what
Also using stereotypes as an argument seems borderline racist in some cases
Now those are all pretty damn true to life
I don't want to be bad but from that moment those people who got into the same meeting with my prime minister kyriakos mitsotakis are surely going to have a bad luck
Here's a few that pop on my mind:
Same here, although in the summer I usually shower more than once depending on if I get out of the house/air-conditioning during the daytime
I am adding the article here just in case is pay-walled.
Greece, we might as well become modern day Atlantis
ΠΑΤΣΑ!!!! Also why did you have to say grilled  octopus, now I want some
I heard takbir, allahu akbar, and the finger pointing up the sky.
Most Greek Children don't know what cursive Greek looks like (or so I know at least)
Maybe they still hope that he will change something for good because he is president for a short time
Fuck him for saying that the Albanians saved the Parthenon what a dumb cunt he is.
Μήνυμα
What a nice usage of tax money
No not really we wouldn't obliterate them lol, they're a bit too small
The fact that European countries have agreed to work together and that hopefully one day all Europeans will be part of the same union is amazing to me
Second, they are angry towards anything
Yeah, there are also cities all over the Mediterranean with Greek origin
His disease is progressing steadily as i see.
Also,..
I live in Santorini, and even though I am tired of the whole show, there truly isn't any other landscape like it, especially in Greece
The place (το μέρος)
Petra <3 (Never been there, but this place calls me like a Siren)
And don't even get me started on the Baltics
It depends on many factors such as the age of the person and the environment that they are in
We write only in English, you have to grow up in submarine country
Im honestly pretty sure most of our governments crumble before tje end of their term, nowadays at least
The nostalgia hit me hard on this, my grandma used to have all the issues so everytime I was there I would read the fuck out of them
But I've barely left my house this summer sooooooo
Ive even seen pos at certain open air producers markets
Having kids with parents of different nationalities would help to mix different European nationalities together
I have met many people who have learned the Greek landscape from that game
I prefer winter time
&#x200B;
In southern Greece as well
He seems like he's about to say something extremely serious and then he just lags.
I think that this applies to church going people who are extremely religious .
14 δεκατέσσερα (dekatessera)
FIFY
I don’t think it serves any kind of purpose to have expansionist or revisionist views about sovereignty
Meanwhile a pile of bodies ignored from the other side
I can only think of:
Except to call themselves Turkish, that is illegal.
Every second dialogue of the show went like this: -I have a lover
Fml
I like goat milk, but I usually drink cow's milk , cause that's more common
Greeks invented shitposting y'all
The Basque Country and Navarre get to keep most of their tax income as well I believe
Balkans had so many wars :(. It’s definitely the only place on earth that can compete with Middle East in this subject
Well they were on opposite sides on pretty much every major European war :)
The president should stroke her pussy
i know, just a joke mate :)
Yes, I know, an actual book
And just to mention here that the  £9
Fuck we have reached this point now?
They commited a genocide against Pontic and Anatolian Greeks 100 years ago
People that consistently refuse to integrate in Greek life is what we don't like
Brown coal has shortened the lifespan of every household by, at least, 4 years.
Personally I can't be 100% sure just by their appearance
Greece is simply easy to pick on.
But buy a return ticket its way cheaper
Le Pen never managed to abolish extremist traits, she just managed to put them in the background
phallus maybe
Έλα σε καμία βδομάδα να σχολιάσουμε τις προκλήσεις των γειτόνων και παρακάλα να μην τα ξεθαψουν αυτά από το ιστορικό σου γιατί κανένας μας δεν θέλει να μας συσχετίζουν με τις πλυστρες του νεοναζισμου.
Because I'm afraid that would be really bad for The Netherlands considering his popularity there
(Lol nope)
It has friendly people, high quality of life, good salaries,  open minded society without extreme right wing parties in it's parliament
- Stop of the humanitarian refugee crisis and manage to provide human living conditions to these people, as well as relocation to somewhere they can work,live and prosper and closer cooperation with Turkey on this matter
I lost the  world
Almost everyone I've met age 18-45 has at the very least smoked weed a couple of times
So would someone even say "jeg likede hans billede" despite it not being a Danish word
Well, I'm terrible at economics so I will just dream of rum.
i also checked it and was supposed to write venezuela!
On the contrary, I think*even more* brigading is needed, for a post on a non-default subreddit like ours, to hit the generic/non-user-custom frontpage, like this one did
Mount Athos is on another ...higher level.
That didn't turn quite well in the end for the Byzantines since as you said they lost a lot of territory to the Serbs and were constantly fighting them
From my limited experience, I tend to agree with you and I would also like to see more Balkan national restaurants rise to fame
I don't remember that specific cows post, but was it really 3rd place on Popular/Everywhere, like this one
Names like Pericles, Ares, Hera and ancient Greek names in general are still in use today
Then again, rarely you would order more than you could eat at the time in such restaurants, as they are pricey (and their portions are not really big)
Apparently Trader Joe has them
ΑΝ ΤΑ ΠΕΖΑ ΕΙΝΑΙ ΦΥΣΙΚΗ, ΤΑ ΚΕΦΑΛΑΙΑ ΤΙ ΕΙΝΑΙ?
They party was deemed a terrorist organization and it's members were put in jail, after this incident the prisoners of Korydalos raised a menacing banner saying ["welcome kids"] basically being the Greek version of "well well well who do we have here"
Or at least significant enough to be mentioned multiple times to become a meme
i know a lot of people who just did this
Honestly, this
Many of them are conscripts....their most experienced commanders have also recently been purged by Erdogan.
Even though most people are culturally Christians and get baptized,  I think that most people don't care if you are an atheist,  I know many atheists and they are fine
Or maybe it was because Clinton would cost Putin hundreds of billions because of the sanctions, that Trump will most definitively lift.
[1][3][4] Accurate representations on Corinthian vases are sufficient to indicate that the "Illyrian" type helmet was developed before 600 BC
We will eat there, read a book, swim, chill, everything
john's day if I remember well)
iirc a relative told me as a kid that there used to be a church near the centre of town , in ancient times that is , outside of the pathway to koule that was to herakles (not the son of Zeus but the Dactyl one ) that was destroyed and only a part of it remains
And also some of their meat dishes I have tried remind me of European cuisine
Aldi
I am not friendly
Greek right-wingers have tried to frame this as him trying to rob the store, as him being under the influence of drugs or/and alcohol, or him having a knife
You don't have to be slavic to recognize kurva/kurwa as a bad word.
In bars if they see you clearly underaged, they might not let you in but usually they do especially if you're with a group of older people than you
I thought someone painted it
Also drop the many niceties and ending your sentences with questions (it's confusing).
* [A building of Hellenic General Insurance Company] (2006)
There is literally a post in Europe's sub about a Caliphate that occupies the *Arabian* Peninshula, Egypt etc.
Basileus means king in modern Greek
Mycenaean Greek was written in a pre alphabet script that was decoded about 100 years ago, confirming it as Greek
&#x200B;
The relaxed stereotype is mainly for people from Thessaloniki.
-Tourism industry, because of its rich history
It was Roman
But maybe it's also depends on the job, for example I would  guess that there would be specific rules for nurses
Banking or not, it is financial related
It's not uncommon to use fingers as a measure of length, usually in the hairdressers
Well even after the referendum, the vast majority voted for Tories and Labour who ran on Brexit campaigns so
> While his efforts were valiant and advanced the understanding of how our ancestors spoke back then, Greek scholars have reconstructed a pronunciation that is closer to how the ancient tongue was spoken
In general though, ζήλια can be both negative and positive while φθόνος is always negative, but passively negative
you know what the problem is with that?
&#x200B;
Bad quality, cheap price
Hm sounds like certain communities in reddit.
Arts were completely redefined (music, poetry, literature, theater) with many of the sounds we still hear today stem from the creations of the refugees
Then Russia and then probably Italy.
Don't take his word because it is bullshit.
The Marshall funds rebuilt our country
There is a sense of continuity with the past which I love and makes me feel so relaxed
>"pseudoWest" country,
However, I have met quite a few Macedonians on the Greek islands and so forth (along with other Balkaners)
Also, at least in my experience, British tourists get more negative attention than the German ones
There is no need to buy tons of ammo on the date of purchase, especially they are fragile and require strict care.
We work terribly innefficiently thu.
How is using immigrants as leverage when striking deals talk and not action ?
And I thought that the scariest roads were those in abadonded villages in Greece
Grazie Italian bros
Merry Christmas everyone
I'm not talking about the economy,  but about the EU policies that kind of force the state to act more responsibly and with more transparency
>just that the debt problem in Greece could be solved by halving (or another number, I'm ballparking here) the amount of taxes evaded
Be strong
If you mean Glifada, well, I speak about regular people
I believe that the Spanish soft d is the exact same thing but without the velarization, just a [ð̠], however I've heard Basques pronounce it exactly like in Danish, which might be a dialectal thing
more apocalyptic rhetoric from hillary's butt
What is the Greek inventor Νικολα Τεσλα doing there?
My great great grandpa fought in the Greco Turkish War and earned a medal for killing 6 Turks in just one day.
My old apartment used to leave water and pet food for any neighborhood pet, it’s a common thing
My enemies are those who order and exclude onions, tomatoes or mustard/ketchup
Turkish cargo vessel sailor handcuffed for taking photos of Salamis Naval Station.
That's unlikely
From then on, exposure to movies, TV shows and the internet are more or less enough to maintain the near-native level I am happy to say I have achieved
Άρα (ara) can be roughly translated to: consequently/therefore/so/accordingly, but doesn't have a real equivalent
Great, now I can watch the Spanish Civil War II on my TV
Most of the people consider Pasok as the reason why we are here, as it is involved in so many scandals before crisis AND in most austerity measurements.
For example:
EDIT: Also wanted to say that’s why I find that Bulgarian guy’s post a little bit racist
Aromanian or Vlach as it's known in Greece
Everything's overpriced in touristic areas
A bunch of rich egotistical bastards.
The Budweiser fron CZ is awesome.
Yes, no problem at all
But if you live close to a beach and go for a quick splash and dash, then no problem with that
It's obviously pre Christian and apparently from Neolithic period
I wore a poncho to a day at a music festival here in America and got weird looks
These people prefer to go to the USA instead of the EU.
Bringing your long term partner happens, but I don't think most people would be comfortable having sex when their parents are right outside
The present is defined by the past.
Not who you replied to, but skipping military training doesn't land you in prison in Greece, except for periods of war
It's just a matter of economics
On the cockiness
We'll be happy to help you learn more
TC has guarantee of political safety and that's why Juncker was there too.
Low taxes
Always apply sun cream often during the summer and while under the sun, it's literally a life saver !!! But all in all I totally get you
&#x200B;
"You could just go around the Christmas market"
Ok, look for Μαρίνα Σάττι - Μάντισσα in yt, maybe you 'll find an alternative videolink you can watch
Truth is the country's fucked and it's just going to go downhill from now on and for a long time to come
The current borders were shaped as much with conquest and re-conquest as with treaties
Γράφουμε μόνο στα αγγλικά, θα πρέπει να μεγαλώνουν σε υποβρύχια της χώρας. Η αυτόματη μετάφραση θα οδηγούσε πιθανώς σε περίεργα αποτελέσματα.
Politics are retarded my friend, FYROM is not a name but a reference for a name, until a solution accepted from both sides is agreed.
Either stay or go
Accepting migrants into your borders because the EU forced you to and integrating them into your workforce are 2 completely different things
[Greek national anthem (Hymn to Liberty), Stanza 26 out of 158
I would give you an award but I don’t have any
Try vergina weiss if you're into wheat beer, it's one of the better weissbiers i've had, even compared to some pretty high profile brands
EDIT: Added some things
We are the only country in EU where the Sharia law is still legal
They were not tried for being nazis
Well done, I would like to see more articles like that.
That's why i think it can never happen.
also as a kid I was listening to "vamos a la playa" and I was thinking what a happy song but then I realised it was about a nuclear bomb exploding and everything becoming radioactive
So, all in all, yeap, a buffer zone.
Germany, I think it's a very useful language and I also  like the German culture
He never stopped defending the above principles.
Been there as an away fan once (UEFA cup game).
You start heavily drinking from 18 to mid 20s usually when you're away in Uni or college
The Greek public is clearly so well informed about Golden Dawn which has been around since 1980 as well as their ties within the police
I don't know how to describe it, but we get along pretty well
I started to write abouth that and then my mind for some reason wandered off
I had that once
You are correct
And it took me countless google searches in English, translations and searching for papers and essays in greek to figure some stuff out
I've always wanted to betray my country
May I learn the reason you ask
Spot on
Like you said, EU has control of Greece's economy and to a great extend Greece itself.
But still we are in a bad place and we need to improve and progress .
saint Obama has blessed us with his presence all will be well now...
Your sky daddy won’t save you this time
lol Greece and Italy are very far from being third world.
The 3x generation here grew up with these guys and Lucky Luke
And then travel abroad and have to either stress out to find a place for dinner in our normal afternoon coffee time or spend the night on an empty stomach
I think nowadays there many women in those ages that haven't made a family, so I guess it's common today
This is terrible
Except for the rolled R I don't think there's anything about these words that would be difficult for non-native speakers
The dick has a mind of its own
How did Greece score higher than Holland ?
That same view can be seen from many other islands that won't charge you an arm and a leg
Reminds me of the german BVG commercials:  [  /  [  (enable the closed captions
Are you trying to change the topic or something
I agree it seems to be a cultural difference
Is there a "__ Thursday" in other countries too
Wat
Chilly: 10°C-12°C
It was originally from Kefalonia, so I think is Teslatos...
Tangentially, In Greece polytechnics are the way to go if you can finish them
Like I said, Turkey only cared about taking the island, not about "protecting the Turkish Cypriots" so quit your bullshit
>(this may differ from house to house)
Μαλάκα (maláka) = Wanker/Asshole (/friend, when you don't try to insult your friends)
Grave in Greek is "tafos"
So, the plan is to emulate them?
Can confirm,last time i was up there i saw New Zealanders living in a palace!
*U stands for what the heart wants
Maybe they should be transparent about the contents of the meetings instead of exchanging insults.
**Ireland (Dublin) :** huge amount of Brazilians
Making a success out of Brexit is a strong word, considering that the only issue that existed from day 1 was the island of Ireland
Most German words, seem to come out throught scrabble
This is in part why people especially on /r/greece always recommend if you visit Greece for a week, take a couple of days in Athens at most then spend the rest on an island or more generally *not in a city
Γι αυτό ρωτάω για κριτήρια. Η Δ. Μακεδονία πχ είναι πιο ανεπτυγμένη. Δεν έχω ακούσει για τα Γρεβενά και τη Φλώρινα να έχουν τόσο πλούτο. Και την ίδια απορία έχω και για Στερεά / Θεσσαλία.
Like to want to her kill
Indeed, except for those like Peter, which comes from the Greek Petros, stone.
Why would we make the heart the country Turkey invaded and took half of 40 years ago
do we Conveniently try to forget that georgia actually **started** that war based on false promises (well more specific they missinterpretated the message usa was sending to them..)
Fuckin casuals
The turks were in the Asian steppes when the ionians settled in Western anatolia
> The new rector, Melih Bulu, has a record of plagiarism  on his phd thesis
4.1 miles: Short (20min) documentary about the refugee situation in Greece
The Cyprus one is like speaking greek with an italian accent (at least to me)
without the line but i've come across some very old teachers that use the line
It's not about unreported unemployment.
I myself am also probably going to do the Turkish course sometime in the future, but I want to keep consistent with my french a bit first, have you heard the Turkish course at all from curiosity
I'm Greek, can we please not go back to 2015 please
Varusteleka
Haha, amazing quote
Where the heck did this come from
It took us 5 days because our dog's passport had the **order** of the vaccines the other way around and we couldn't take her on the ferry in Calais
From my perspective it's worse than most people abroad think.
One time I was talking to an American study abroad student and he asked me how you say "thank you" in Greek
It is more of an inside joke than an actual used phrase though
YouTube is getting more and more cancerous as we speak
I got my second dose a few days ago and on my vaccination certificate it says:
I fear nothing
Never really thought about that but since my language was once the lingua franca i have no reason to be salty lmao
Of course the BIC pens were very common and Pilot I remember too
Especially in this case, it's convenient for the Turkish anti-terror units to just kill him, for obvious reasons.
It's not like the Turks came in huge hordes anihilating the whole of the local population.
You're welcome to copy our tactics
Unpopular opinion: Feta cheese is disgusting (most of the time)
not common
1st: 3500BC  \~ 330AC (The biggest one that we usually skip some of it)
What Greeks would consider to be "Athens" is closer to 3 million people and dominates the political, social, cultural and economic life of the country
His 2015 shenanigans damaged even more Greece's reputation
Everyone votes regardless of their level of understanding things and a politician oughts to understand that.
Bazinga
After all this, I'm sitting here thinking "They still still have the ability to unilaterally recall article 50", but nope, everyone still wants to dig the brexit grave even deeper
You should not have a problem with language (maybe a little bit in Eastern/Central EU and Italy) but make sure to follow this rule : speak more SLOWLY and not more LOUDLY when people don't understand you.
Denmark ️
If you get my point
The adjective was Fat American.
Panathinaikos Football and general emblem:
He's quite sad, and speaks highly of him
That's also where the ancient byzantine walls start and go up north
The other one though is brutal
Not sure if they are exclusive of Greece, candidates would be:
[There] you go, some burek Reddit wisdom for you
Exactly what I also thing as I get to know the country.
I feel like both of countries are my home
I hope you aren't implying that the Russian government is better.
Turkey did what it blamed Greece for trying to do and you're here lying about protecting the citizens
Never tried it, but it sure looks delicious
I never understood how my parents will feel tired if they miss their 2 hour nap
>Multinational companies such as Ericsson, Sony, Siemens, Motorola, Samsung, Microsoft, Novartis, Mondelez, Coca-Cola, etc
From the rise of the far-right to certain news outlets, the narrative is gradually changing.
These are all facts you can look up yourself
Yes we sure can say that, but they have more words that they actually also use more often on their daily lifes, that are composite words
AND THAT WAS THE FIRST MISTAKE, because those people didn't die in prison, they eventually got freed
I think you would be quite within your rights to ask if they'd mind using <language> because you'd like to practise
We have had politicians saying that they would prefer see the country in flames than empowering the communist party with their actions
Thank you
So, it doesn't surprise me that a Belgian hasn't heard of them
Pomaks
Europe has the best mods
I don't know why but I read your post with a heavy french accent.
Im pro EU in a lot of ways
In the Industrial district Asprópyrgos (west Attica) there is a kind of common problem of Gypsies stopping and stealing trucks (has happened to two of my dad's colleagues but they didn't manage to get the trucks)
the answer is ZERO
Same goes with latin
Whenever someone from a religious far-right group tried to take a harder grip on the steering wheel, the army intervened
That's exactly how you call them and stop lying.
Our societies are totally incomparable
The other two are indecipherable to me
We have a great basketball history (Aris B.C.
It will be so funny when Lukashenko, previously called the last dictator of Europe, will be celebrated as a hero of freedom when he leaves the EEU.
I wasn’t too impressed with the skyscrapers because they weren’t a novelty, although Times Square is a must-see, at least once
The shameless victim blaming spree you went on in the comments doesn't say "I dislike political extremes and I care about Marfin", it screams "I empathize more with neonazis and I will act as an apologist for them".
Europe consists of many different countries and cultures that have been in war far longer that they have been in peace
The truth is they just have not had much action in this country
This is true for most Balkan countries, not just Greece, by the way
I have seen documentaries on Turkish food and it is very exotic compared to Greece, which uses almost no spices or really anything exotic in its dishes.
Theres quite a few articles about them, in greek, but they can’t be visited
I got tired of hearing Shehzad Luqman's name on TV while they so cleverly hid 17N under the rug
At last a map I can relate to, since I used "Γαμώτο" and plenty of its variations about a dozen times today
First time in Ireland, my husband was getting invited to a party by some locals in the pub, while I was drinking beer and talking about the European economy with another local outside the pub
For Greece there are lots of them, Alexander the Great, Golden Age of Periklis and so much more
[stuffed olives with almond or peppers ]
Its a slippery slope, if I ban this comic then I would restrict further and further freedom of speech to the point of people having the inability to speak about each other
Does BE sound more cocky than AE to a non-native
ii) An Ottoman Sultan sent him a letter asking him to surrender, so he responded "I asked my dick and he said no".
But please, avoid stereotypes, it's just annoying
* [A pharmacy]  [in Argyroupoli]
Every few years, we get the real stuff, and it usually is newsworthy because everything slows down due to the chains required and the fear of ice, even with salt and wood chips on the tarmac
Museums everywhere and for almost everything.
Never even thought about it until now
So, is this a thing there in general, or only some companies offer this choice
Our microstate is the Mt
Yay <3
That could very well be the case
these
Either air pollution too low to register...
I’m from there and it’s fine if you don’t pay attention to the ‘news’ too much lol
It's called Lampsi (=the Shine) and it aired for about 15 years (~3
Then from 1936 to 1941 we had the Metaxas dictatorship, which is viewed the most favourably out of the 3, simply cause although fascistic the only ones who really were affected negatively were slavs and communists, and since Metaxas was an expert in defensive warfare he was a huge part of the reason we were winning against the Italians in 1940-41
I'm pretty sure this and many other languages that derive from others exist not because their language of origin didn't have rules but because its speakers didn't care to follow what the original language had
Don't know how to them make to become friends
It's not a letter per se, it's more of where you put the "tonus", aka the emphasis of the word:
Shit load of Religious Orthodox icons
Not American smile which looks forced and fake but a genuine smile whenever you truly feel like it
in [this instance] he is trying to say "we have eaten the donkey, and now all that's left is the tail" it's a Greek saying and he butchered it
Throwing a tantrum for the colour of the flag doesn't seem like a great mindset to me
Os the economy bad
interesting, why do you have a national alcohol monopoly though?
Italy, 4
There's so many landscapes that hardly look like your stereotypical Greek landscape
I realised I used to do it too, so now I just ask if English would be more convenient
In Spanish "tiempo" means weather of time.
True, but we don't say 'jogging' either
To try and separate them/see them as distinct is entirely modern
Trying to follow the rules and do things properly, without trying to pull any favors or find someone from the inside
Also, literally days before the opening day, constructors had to work like crazy to finish the stadiums etc
I am not saying that they are not a factor.
Why don't you play with the nighbour's kid
Every fucking one smokes here
Oh yeah, the bears
Same with the other things you mentioned.
But no we only have orthodox Christianity, basically being shoved down our throats
Furthermore, you forget that even commercial media organisations have their agendas funded by someone.
Isn't that more of a pasta á la créme
It does look a bit like it though
He is kind of right, you just pull numbers
~~Btw shouldn't you have used Κυριακή aka Sunday cause the feeling happens on Sunday
yes
When it comes to correcting mistakes, I try to see how receptive they are of comments
It doesn't mention Germans, as far as I remember
You just revealed the secrets of your country
The pronunciation is a hit and miss, depending the individual and his accent
Faces that look like they came out of a factory after careful design.
The real problem is, as opposed to men, women can't fucking get the job done.
Damn sounds like something that'd happen to me
- Be an Englishman: be punctual
The suburbs are nice though, basically me and everyone I know try to avoid the center and live/hang out only in Glyfada, voula vouliagmeni, kifissia etc
At sea level though (Athens, islands etc.) snow is very rare.
The fact that we are slow on everything benefits us sometimes
They always switch sides
Thank you Finland for the great music
Every small shop owner by Turkish-origin Germans
Asking the real questions here
No offense to Romania
we call it "σκονάκι" (skonaki) meaning pouder with the ending -aki indicating it's small
11 édeka
Why isn't there any street view in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Moldovia
earwig (ψαλίδα) = clippers
Also interested
Also food plays an important role in our cultures
Just annoying that it's likely we'll never know
Too options that popped in my mind would be
Or you would start a fight in the building and then point the finger at the German ;)
Well things within the EU are quite boring so it helps breaking out of the boring routine
Seems to be more of a cultural thing than a climate thing
They do exist but they are in fact not so common (except maybe the mastiha one) and actually only the anise flavoured ouzo (which is the most popular) is considered by many Greeks to be the one and only true ouzo
In what exactly
Not a parisian, nor am I very outgoing, hiwever i've heard that some times every month some museums are open for the night, or part of it.
- Speaking Chinese: it's all Greek to me
Small incident that made me very happy to "beat" the hostile toe-the-line German system xDD
Not because "they are not very nice", but because they are very comfortable
They hate  cause they aint
15 to 20 is alright
Summer hits us hard at 40 degrees and I generally don't have money for air conditioning
So the correct word would be ehthrophobia.
Well in that case wouldn't it be a πλεονασμός in Greek as well
We decided Eastern Thrace and Smyrna wasn't enough, so why not gobble our way to Ankara
It often leads to "well the Soviets killed more than the Nazis" which is very very close to Nazi apologism cause the reason the Nazis didn't kill WAY more than the Soviets and didn't exterminate entire ehtnicities, is cause they lost
I don't know why
That's definitely a close second
I would believe same goes for Spaniards
>We took the attention away from Greece for complete misuse of EU Funds
/u/HawkUK what did you vote bremain or brexit ?
I have no idea why Czech in english became Czech Republic.
Most commonly Turkey or Arab countries.
Drunk Idd my point is with all those changes in constitution they did there an elected true whit less than 50% but I don't think he cares anymore what's the %
And even though they must have had myriad problems of their own,  they still spared effort and attention for us, and what little they did, was still huge
It's not a walk in the park for Macedonia, why should/would they care about what Serbs did in the fucking 90s lol, it's happening now and it's hindering any EU-progress Macedonia is making, because of some petty Greeks having their petty feelings hurt.
I mean more broadly like Japan/China or Vietnam/China territories
spy they knew will be replaced by a spy they don't, but that's irrelevant.
- τα πίνω με τον Άγιο Πέτρο (to have a drink with St
A shame, beautiful islands all of them, you should go
Fyi:
But i am pretty sure Churchill's debatable aspects are not Hitler level debatability.
30 o clock
**The past:**
Parents here and the society in general pressure you to not proceed with making a family before you mature enough, figure out what you're gonna do in life and/or find a stable income
So, basically this is steak tartare from pork
Unless we are playing each other
Ok I may have said it in a wrong way but you get my point, it is still unfair
Oh believe me I know ;) We were part of it for 500 years
When I'm travelling abroad and suddenly overhear someone else speak Greek I feel like my mind glitches
I think that would be better in all aspects, because until now the history has proven that the societies are evolving and developing with ups and downs of course ( based on quality of life, wars, mortality ate, goods that a person is able to buy, engineering, technology, medicine and generally scientific discoveries etc)
You have a weird sense of humor
Pretty fascinating thow
As for the statement, I meant its tone, rather than its content, which could be seen as denigrating towards the person you replied to, something that could warrant being ignored and downvoted because it changes the character of the comment from an argument to a personal attack.
very common, almost everyone does it and it's treated like a normal thing
My guess is they will fight about who (tories-labours) is going to be more pro-brexit ; brexit is popular now, things have changed
Since I'm not a 17N apologist you could have sent me a link for your favorite cookie recipe and it would have the same effect
Is this possible for normal people to do it
It ain't 400 BC anymore
Do you need to visit the US to laugh at Americans claiming US has never started a war, that in Europe there are death panels in healthcare or that the EU is a socialist organizations ?
But unfortunately we are still the first in EU
I wonder whose opinion counts more
What is next one carrier one model
Gr8 b8 m8
Live my May (the month) to eat clover - when something will take a huge amount of time to be completed
First time ever hearing of it
Do you feel safe writing that comment on reddit
But the coast of Asia minor as well as Cyprus would be much more possible
According to sources masked men attacked the police with bottles molotovs and iron staffs
Hungarians don't want any scary brown immigrants to come into their country, but they also don't want to work more to cover the labor shortage
If you are interested I can search it for you.
Popular sovereignty is the foundation of government
I also love Austria's history
Though unemployment plays a huge role in all that
Beag in Irish, Bach in Welsh
I SAID LIThuania
It sounds tasty .
Αντε ρε μαλακα
But generally it is one of the popular market chains doing very well all those years
Are you going to say Byzantine Empire?
I think that pastitsio and musaka( even though I don't like musaka) are some popular (here) Greek examples also I guess some deserts are rice pudding (rizogalo) , kormos etc
I hope that you had a nice experience here ;)
Η στιγμή της ανακοίνωσης: «Η Χρυσή Αυγή αποτελεί εγκληματική οργάνωση».
Hell brakes loose when there are older people involved, like 55 and above
In fact, we're not even taught in school it was pronounced in a way other than like mod
Quite the offensive word
And why focus so much on Christianity, basically making it like church but worse bc it's school
A Cypriot friend of mine (Panayiotis) told me he knew a Cypriot man whose nickname was "Navos".  "Navos" as in short for "Ναβουχοδονόσορ" (Nebuchadnezzar)
The 80s were definitely happy times for Greece, but not golden times imo
Could be a nice idea if it's your thing.
Well, we could use salt in Thessaloniki (neighbor of Chalkidiki).
You have no idea what you are talking about
I'm glad they left us out
Second of all, to say that there is no blame to be put on outside factors (meaning the EU among others) is also just blatantly false
Hope it's a big step towards the better
Actually, it's a nightmare taking a car down town and you will probably and up stuck in traffic and you'll park two miles away from where you need to go
Αμερικανάκι/Amerikanáki: Refers to the gullible/dumb American stereotype, because back during the time of the brothels and cabarets of Troumba in Pireas, the American sailors on shore leave would be swindled by translators that acted like barkers for cabarets and brothels, which in turn would promptly relieve them of their money
I went to a mountain summer camp, bonfires and all but I knew of very well developed summer camps next to beaches
You even have a dative case which we don't have anymore but we did in ancient Greek.
Less limiting for us, too limiting for tourists; I've helped some navigate the city when I was studying downtown
This sucks so much man .Its gonna be December here and honestly watching the world cup in summer is the best thing ever
The ban afaik mentions women only, because Athos is dedicated to Virgin Mary, which is where it gets its nickname, "Garden of Virgin Mary". In one incident, even Katherine the Great of Russia was denied entry by the monks because of that
or something)
was a kid back then and really loved it.
Lol, hi Maria, Elena, Kosta and Giorgo
In the grades equivalent to 7th, 8th and 9th Grade (1st second and third of Gymnasion), in Ancient Greek literature we are taught the works of Homer (Odyssey, Iliad) and the tragic poet Euripides (Helen)
"Isn't that just a letter though
* Hydrogen - Hidrogono
It's a bit ridiculous to be honest.
the former and the latter
Who gives a shit when I have birthday
I like American foods like some Texas BBQ foods , I liked it very much it was tasty and I liked the combinations they made,  I also like your fast food like burgers
Fuck yeah, spread it
We used to have a Ministry for Deregulation but it got cut for budgetary reasons
So if Greece accepted their use of Macedonia the Albanian minority would cease to exist?
If you want to say, "I want a gyro" you would say "Θέλω έναν γύρο" (Thelo enan gyro) without an "s",
Even in non-PiS environments, state TV is widely known to be pro-government in many countries
I just saved it in my favorites
You couldn't get to all of your students anyway, but a positive attitude is really helping out
Well,Britain can return the marbles and join the club with France, Germany, Netherlands
Look up the office of the high representative.
Just look it up on r/urbanhell
"world" is literally unpronounceable
Seeing heavily armed police officers is extremely rare, as in something really bad must have happened for them to get out
That's true but I was referring to Herodotus who first treated historical subjects using a method of systematic investigation—specifically, by collecting his materials and then critically arranging them into an historiographic narrative
I love the word kæreste
I remember the same panic on the other side of the pond when Trump passed that law that would (reportedly) killed net neutrality
My name is Dimitris and I am from Greece
These building were mass-built during the Khrushchev era, to cover an incoming housing crisis.
You mean toasts
Without EU individually we cant compare to other strong nations
So, we had had a military junta for seven years 1967-1974
&#x200B;
And you should know this unless you are not living in Greece
Not exactly terrorists, more like [crazy gun nuts] Think Eurotexans.
Russian and Georgian Pontioi are documented as "Greeks in Russia" and "Greeks in Georgia" respectively (on the same note we say Greek Americans or Greeks in Germany etc.).
Σκουληκομυρμηγκότρυπα
Could you please elaborate
I'm planning to visit a Czech restaurant in my city, though, to try the cuisine
water clock
>What to do when everyone ignores these rules
The freedom of one person should stop where the freedom of another person begins
Probably another one of those First World anarchist turds.
they don't say what it is compared to gdp so i guess not bad enough to scare anyone
Actually that divide is pretty much spot on when talking about Greece.
The one I want to visit the most is Spinalonga but I haven't been to Crete in years
It was png when it was uploaded!
Oof, what kind of fish you've been eating fam :P
Of course you'll be downvoted, you're welcome
I'd say german is more advantageous within european borders, while spanish may serve you better should you cross the atlantic
It's not on Peristeri as OP says.
Btw I got it,  I was kinda kidding
greek: Τζον μέιντ χιζ ουέι του ε τάβερν θρου δε νταρκ φόρεστ, όνλυ του φάινντ άουτ δατ χι φοργκότ δε μάνυ
Do they accept European people ( or generally non Asians) easily
You can buy milk which lasts a long time (like, more than half a year) and you don't have to put in the fridge unless you open it, then it has to be refrigerated
We love y'all and you know it <3
Even older people have a neutral or even positive view on cannabis use
>Thats more like minute by minute
We say Χεστρα (shitter)
Just assign corruption to the PIIGS alone, nothing foul smelling anywhere else
Democracy and due process are absent today in Russia
Pick the correct spelling of the word message
And the people from areas that rear them are very proud of their recipes
I never said that there was one, only wanting to show that the comment above me wasn't as relevant or on point.
None, why would i?
He got elected 3 times as Prime Minister, but he didn't own a house, but he rented because he didn't steal money from the state
Also [this bad boi]
half of the total greek population lives in Athens Metropolitan Area
But after posting I noticed I forgot to add an evil eye charm hanging from somewhere
Same thing with Stalin for industrialising the USSR and Kim Il Sung for rebuilding the DPRK
Give tax benefits to landlords who rent the appartments at cheaper prices
Apparently this happened because somewhere the toilets were next to a statue of her and it just stuck
He's a desperate populist demagogue, scapegoating minorities and immigrants and
The vasilikos plant is not very common for people to have at their homes, and if they do they are at their balconies or yards - not their bedrooms or offices
People of the world rise up, we have nothing to lose but our vests
When you were kids did you used to wear these red and white bracelets in March?
While the time *was* often quite a bad time for Greeks, it was also often a fine time for Greeks
OP: cats or dogs
The problem with pitogyro is that some people put chicken or other kinds of meat instead of gyro , but this word describe only the pita that it is wrapped with gyro, but  the word souvlaki as used in the Southern Greece is more generic and covers all cases
[Stavros Niarchos Foundation cultural centre] is one of the newest buildings in Athens
I mean, normally you only drink a little bit, just for the taste as they say
That
First of all, here in Greece sometimes the surname goes first and the given name last, but that's only in official documents.
So, if there's no need, why learn one
Crete, I guess
"Εσεις" is the plural and it is the same as vous, while "εσυ" is the equivalent of tu.
I think it depends on the neighborhood of Athens
because it will alienate a huge part of their voting blocs and no political leader want to see his party shrinking and lose parliament seats.
Making broad generalizations that just are not true is not constructive.
Otan to diafimize "pantou iparhi enas mithos" ke mis to koroidevame
I'm from Greece and this graph makes sense to me.
I'm not sure I'm understanding what happened in the video.
No, that's just weird
Is this the usual thread using questionable statistics about how dumb people make bad choices and destroy the future of the redditors that all made the good choice since they are all so smart
Germany's selection of refugees is strict
people should thrive on the smiles of their neighbours
Turkey for as long as it continues to operate in the manners that they do
Not to mention that it's a "good" time to do a hit on someone and let muslims take the blame for it
... or, if one looks at it from a non-government, non-right-wing supporter angle, the law that offers a basic level of protection to the most politically energetic part of the population (students) is getting abolished in an effort of the most right-wing, authoritarian government post-1975, to make it easier for itself to crack down on them
Greetings from Greece
People in my workplace just couldn't work, they were laying around , trying to cool themselves and eating ice cream
most of the times they think I'm from Spain
Αλλα δεν το μπορουσες, δεν το εκανες, και τωρα πληρωνεις το τιμημα ρε ηλιθιε.
It depends if the school is in the city you have to walk but in my case where it was in the middle of nowhere we had some cheap buses take us
Send a clear message that until this election is re-held with EU observers in every polling station, this government in our eyes isn't the legitimate government of Belarus
It would be great his detail be like that
Yeah
It has jurisdiction on both cities and rural areas
I don't think we have a general one used for anything, but we have one specific way of counting that we used when we were the seeker in hide and seek as kids
They sounds so damn nice though
My Dad and Uncles might say it once every 6 months
Koln sex attacks) ) as some kind of objective standard.
Is it by any chance a version of the events only disseminated in Turkey for internal consumption?
it makes no sense
I hate bureaucracy
5 mm)
I am not a depressive person, but after a few years there were days that I found myself not able to get out of bed because of the constant grim weather
Indeed, for the Sultan there is no international law.
Our research institutions have to rely more and more on EU funding or face closing.
I didn't know that actually,but it makes sense.Istanbul and eastern Turkey are definitely worlds apart,at least in my mind.
I Also like Trikala because it's an  innovative and very well organised city, with very beautiful landscapes and it's also a soothing and peaceful place
Obviously extremes are never good and common sense should prevail.
Invasion after invasion, and so many wars.
I just find it funny
Yeah,  I think you are right
Seems to be made by an American...
Unless I leave the country, I don't see how I could live by myself before late 20s/30s. The reason most people stay with their parents even if they do have a job that pays a less crap wage ( 750-800 euros is considered good for starters ), is that money is barely enough to survive
Of course many Greeks think that getting back Constantinople would be the most important thing but I don’t think that sacrificing our current borders or sovereignty would be really smart
Their leader sells scam medicine on TV (I don't know why he isn't in jail)
I edited the post and now this looks like it's out of context/mean, no need to downvote
That's sad, I hope the Poles win and manage to take their right back
Back then, the Greeks fought a lot between them
Yeah definitely I think cheese and cured meats is where every European country has something amazing to offer
looks way more appealing than
Never been to America but damn, African-Americans are *insanely* religious (from what I see on YT)
71 is evdomída-éna
Arranged from most seats to least:
Its a holiday in the hottest days of summer, all of us go to the beach usually
Isn't it what all these articles have been trying to tell us all along?
Are you sure no one is saying that ?
Throwing a tantrum for the colour of the flag doesn't seem like a great mindset to me
I don't think that the nurses to population is for public hospitals.
But I think that they mods should have added more categories, because now some ideologies are underrepresented
Our Portuguese friend is not going to like it
This is why i first said that this is a disrespectful move if not illegal.
The form of κάμνει το που ζήλια doesn't exist in Greece
I would say it's the other way round
No solidarity, no social cohesion and say goodbye to the welfare state as people will no longer be willing to contribute to something like that when they feel no connection to their fellow citizens.
When you meet a European you need to give them a kiss in the cheek even if you never met them before
We were in Rome, me and 4 friends around 20 years old
Nice, I hope they achieve it
Then we have the government giving you a 13 euro per month payment for 2 years if you do use a ftth connection as part of the modernisation of the internet in the country but of course the small guy with the best prices who first put ftth in Greece in my city doesn't get in this program
I would like to say we have many, but Greece has kind of stayed behind a little apart from a few projects
That's a big ass quest marker
I'm in
It didn't solve them, but many people weren't using cars and public transports as much as before lockdowns, so that was good for the environment
Holy fuck, that's depressing
Sometimes they pay me my salary
They still exist and are very popular too
That's why you pay ~€86 for the privilege of having a passport for 5 years, and a document that isn't a complete mess
I think it wouldn't be such a big deal
you'd be surprised with the people of Heraklion.
But both languages, especially the german one is a pain to learn
- τινάζω τα πέταλα (to shake the petals)
In order to heal something, one must first understand it.
(Lol nope)
Ahh, nocture in C sharp minor...This was my dads favourite piece, whenever my friends came over he would always go downstairs and play it.
So fascinating
Cool
Also people don't know that the RAF bombed civilian working class neighborhoods in Athens something that not even the nazis did
Everyone in Greece feels sorry for these people
It’s an actual revolution at this stage
Well I guess that's it but it doesn't if it was made by the two dude whatever though
That's why all the dark chocolates here have their last name, Pavlides
Maybe because I live in the capital
It would be interesting though if a language had all four
They were the same people in Alexander's time, under roman control and under Ottoman control, yet you claim because there was some shuffling in the highest levels of government that somehow makes the ottomans other than the Turks
Every highly populated island has nightlife as well as rowdy beach bars
Thank you Netherlands for your support
Even in middle schools and high schools
Hold up
And specifically at the time of the Ottoman empire they were considered Greek.
They really think things like "they are cold people", " they are racists", "they are suppressing us",  "their language is unpleasant, stiff and brutal" just to say a few common things
You won't understand much from the lyrics, but I will post it since it's kinda famous here, though it used to be more known back in those days.
The most well-known is the one at Thessaloniki and the one at the island of Milos
The male names keep their gender but the female ones turn to neuter
Seems nice to try and promote libertarian ideas in Europe.
Development είναι θετικό, μάλλον εννοούσες κάτι άλλο.
That alone shows that the doctor is a hack, for even if the illness diagnosed is correct, he still prescribed a harmful medicine
It used to be a Byzantine monastery but now abandoned
I also know some stereotypes about the mannerisms of each place ( like southern hospitality, that the people in NY or NYC are blunt, lol I am not sure if that counts as knowledge , but I learnt that from New Yorkers)  some jokes about them (like florida man, alabama jokes) some local cultural  stuff like southern rock, Gumbo from Louisiana . I know some very basic things about the climate of the US regions
I sure wasn't expecting to fall in love with Irish fish chowder, especially the one I had at Dingle
That's what I've read somewhere
EDIT: New info suggest that it was an 18 yo
-Tourism industry, because of its rich history
If you are really set on visiting the island, maybe do so for a day or so just to seen Little Venice and a wind mill or two and then run away as fast as possible without looking back, because not even a glare is free of charge there
Ahahaha λατρεύω το username σου!!
Erdogan almost [doubled the purchasing power] of the Turks.
Fuck that hit me hard
Where can I find more information about this
Well the moon has 2 names one that is the original and one that is for some reason used today so
But that money is guaranteed by the EU whereas DB was left on it's own...
Of course, we have the 17th of November remembrance anniversary, in which we celebrate a Polytechnic students' uprising, but it's not enough
They increased the national debt 10 times, from 15 billion Drachma to 114 billion Drachma
The civil we tho yeah, I believe it’s still the event that divides the country  and responsible for the political opinion of most people, left or right wing
I'ts good, just nothing special
For example ",Hey patrioti have you have been
Yeah, it's not a laughing matter
Once, i was asked for a passport because in their words "the ID is written only in Cyrillic"! 1
I think she may have been referring to the word "hag" I used to refer to them
It's normal for a state that has significant social welfare and offers high quality public services, like public safety (police), public transport, etc
Their live performances are also really good
5 pènte
It depends whether they want to join, true.
in Greek it's been a long time since i last watched it but if i remember correctly they had a hippie stoner accent
We have realized that our neighborhing country is run by a megalomaniac insane dictator and thats never a good sign.
3rd+ generation greeks still live in Russia, Ukraine etc.
Most disgraced is Akis Tsohatzopoulos
We Greeks generally only use flags on national holidays.
The tourists that go to mainland go to Athens and  Thessaloniki
Who would've thought that a time will come where this main subject of the Daily Star would be more serious and important than that of the other two
We have our main Communist party ΚΚΕ (initials for "communist party of Greece"), but there are two more that are called:
Greece is not Balkans
You don't go to kindergarden when you're 1-2, you go at 4-5
Love her or hate her she speaks straight facts
Γαμω means "fuck" so i think it's more accurate in the way it's used
Generally unemployment has gone down quite a bit because we have seen a rise in service jobs: baristas, food delivery, etc
I don't remember the exact place.
Well it was cyrillus and methodious (idk how to spell it) who made it they weren't Bulgarians they started from Bulgaria though
also know about the killing of the journalist who was investigating corruption cases
Sorry, my bad
The whole country had a choice, they just didn't utilize their voice.
I was looking for the Greek comment haha
It might seem a bit sad and pessimistic but there you go:
I would thank Great Britain for storing temporarily our marbles in top condition
Yes indeed many of these are true but I dont think it reminds anyone that Greece is orthodoxy Switzerland has also a cross on the flag and I never even gave attention to it
In Athens sometimes you feel you have walked into Karachi or Mogadishu at night if you walk alone in some areas
So, learn the letters, then learn a few words and start speaking
For formal use the acronym FYROM is widespread.
I think the numbers of smokers in the last few years are lower, because as you said it is regarded as unhealthy and stinky
Exactly, he tried but in the end he couldn't do anything, and most of us knew this
I am responsible for my own health.
Minister visits migrant facility at Elliniko amid protests , Greece
In Greek like with many other languages we just have a verb for the act of sex
Don't worry I'll willingly leave once I'm financially stable enough for that
After a few weeks, no more refugees and Erdogan will bend the knee and beg for forgiveness.
I love it when I stop thinking about a thunderstorm's immediate effects such the lightning and thunder as something distant, and instead think of a thunderstorm as the violently energetic natural phenomenon that it is
If I was working in the morning and then had to dress up and run, yeah there would be times I'd miss the bus
It's like e.g. you living in Portland and telling me something about Seattle and I (who btw live on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean) won't believe you cause I would prefer to hear it from someone that lives in Washington State
We eat kokoretsi here (sheep's liver, heart and lungs wrapped in intestines)
Thx for the wish do u have any tips for Poland BTW
Anyone from Russia,Germany, a few from Finland:
It would start with moro mou and end with moro mou, atleast that's what most everyone under 45 would say
Germany
The turkish-cypriots also responded with paramilitias of their own
However it is worrying that there are quite a few people who believe that someday we are going to retake it
But tbh, there is a valid concert about user data, we know the US is spying everything that crosses the atlantic .
Difference is, most of our request were reasonable to pay off the debt easier or not infringe on human rights, not a pissing contest
A lot of cities retain their old names, idk why, but for Istanbul I think it's out of spite and/or sadness (lol, as if anyone alive knew it as Constantinople)
Also are also Swiss German generally the same or there important differences between every canton's local dialect ?
The gun ownership, the mafia, the vendettas, the drug trafficking have won a place in our heart for memes
Νεονίλλη?!?!?!?!?!? Weird name
ITS TIME TO STOP
Bavarian (Otto etc) and Danish (George, Constantine etc)
But when we want to call out to someone we use the clitic case and patriotis becomes patrioti
Greek people love their cars and sadly most of us, think that bikes are for kids
And the anarchists are well know to publicly expressed sympathy for 17N terrorists in this country
A: Yes
Because Greece's real problem lies in the structure of the state and the mentality of a big part of the political class.
Then theres the defence budget
Yea they took it seriously enough.
> which does not exist afaik
Also as someone else said .   is 2/3 Christianity and 1/3 other religions, of which we skip a lot and basically just talk very briefly about Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism and Confucianism, probably making many wrong assumptions about them in the process .
It's an integral part, because it contributes to tzatziki's balance (both in terms of taste and texture)
We need to create processing camps in Libya, only way this will stop.
if by international fame you mean penetrating the US then the only that comes to mind is Vangelis (yep the guy who wrote the score of blade runner)
That's how you occupy an entire continent these days.
I can be against both,thank you
You should put British stuff in it :p
Basically communist guerilla fighters refused to hand down their weapons claiming that Greece wasn't free yet (referring to the people that came in power and also to the British influence within the country)
Plus, we'd get to make fun of the Erasmian accent, since the modern accent is actually closer to classical accent than his try according to scholars
Truth be told, most countries have committed ethnic cleansings or something similar.
You are definitely missing many awesome places (but you can't see all right?) - you have to prioritize.
this kind of extravagance will alienate some of his supporters.
Is that considered a city
Greek here
they are the norm
Do they watch it dubbed or subbed
edit: Hadn't head of long scale numbering unitl now, can't see how calling a quadrilion a "billiard" makes more sense but I guess I'm just not used to it
oh we also count the 26th as the second day of christmas
Now the stereotypes about us all smoking, saying malakas constantly, and being obsessed with Greek history and being Greek
Anyway we shouldn't relay havily on undemocratic regims such as China Rusia Turkey etc ...
Wars have started in the Balkans for less than a piece of cloth man, dont take those things lightly.
It's heart breaking
I have the stereotypical Greek accent mixed with a slight attempt at pronouncing some things right and it leads to an abomination of an accent
Oh the azerty keyboard fucked me up when I had put a password when creating my work email
She can resign if the parliament isn’t willing to support her deal
I don't think all europeans would be on board with this
This one's a bit different but the word where "poet" comes from, "ποιητής", means "the one who creates" and "ποίημα" (poem) means "creation"
A year ago immigrants from a refugee camps raided the farm of one of my friends and stole almost a year's work of olives.
Tbh
>The wehrmacht were good actually and everything was the SS and hitlers fault
People type things like "cuando tenia 6 anos" and I wonder how the teacher never laughs
>Us, Spain, Italy and Greece are asking Germany to pick up the tab
θάλασσα (sea - thalassa) or σύννεφο (cloud -sinnefo)
Γιατι το ειπε ο Μπάμπης ο Σουγιάς;
Flamethrower
Locals prefer either Greek chains or the neighbourhood fast food joint
It would also be interesting to know the width of each data point
I am sure in Croatia, there is some of this Overlap
I've seen it in some office buildings though
The part about the pro-Sultan militas is true.
No, they don't leave the packages on our doorstep here
And they have a ridiculous accent
Half face is the stone and tge other half is the reflection in the water
Yes they taste great and I think due to the brine the almond holds most of its crunchiness
And this is the Greek-Turkish border (the only part that is not sea or river):
Ps: Alexanders family doesn't even originate from Macedonia they come from Argus in South Greece hence the name  Argead dynasty comes from
Because of his inability to speak English properly even at a basic level he has become a laughing stock among the people
Although it was on a Sunday and the city was relatively quiet, the city centre was beautiful.
Hey don't you think we forgot about you guys!
Maybe Thessaloniki too
Why do u cringe
You should have visited the gritty, authentic neighbourhood of Rozzano
So you believe that the minimum wage earners in Greece are responsible for the economical crisis of 2008, and they must pay now?
In addition there would be less hunger in the world because of technologies like cultured meat
Do you need to visit the US to laugh at Americans claiming US has never started a war, that in Europe there are death panels in healthcare or that the EU is a socialist organizations ?
You could also add people from Thessaloniki calling all "pita" as "bugatsa".
Ex Yugoslavia homer represents are mood better I think
>He told CyBC on Wednesday that during discussion in Brussels, a number of countries backed the position that the process should be based on the political agreement in Berlin
I would be happy to help you plan your euro-trip - please feel free to bounce any ideas you have.
In which year did Dutch mountaineers first reach the summit
People who are on the brink of going nuts say: "see, the americans dared to do the right thing"
You really missed the chance to title this From Paris with love
You can't force people to be attracted to something they're not for the sake of being politically correct
Are the islanders all fluent in Finnish as well
He actually was Symvasileus, co-emperor
I myself wouldn't exist so
Apart from that, we discourage Greek born parents from the non official variants of the names
They think that ancient Macedonians were Slavs and spoke that Bulgarian like language they speak eight now, even if the Slavs weren't even in the area yet and we have literal writing from Herodotus calling Alexander Greek and how he participated in the Olympics
Our war of independence, probably, but I think many people feel more connected to ww2 because it's more recent
I side with Athens on this one
I guess you've never been to Greece :)
Cold instant is decent (which is why it's popular), hot instant is meh.
I don't think it would since it's just ruins and walls, but if it does then one
Not to be confused with the three K's of white supremacy
The majority of people would have called the police, with a small amount of people deciding to beat the crap out of him .
The numbers of immigrants have been (at least) tripled during the last years.
GPS works wonders here
Trashy club music, but goddamn I love both of these
this site  is one of the hypothetical locations of atlantis
Their place of origin is the Altai Mountains in Mongolia.
We can go to Space together
* Greek always tells you which syllable is stressed in a word with more than one syllable so there's you'll never have any uncertainty about whether it's pronounced πότε and ποτέ.
Not being able to go to the cinemas or the theater
The Serbs, too, drink [rakija] It's a thing in the Balkans.
But it's a holiday in Geneva, not Ibiza..
Both times it was sponsored by Italy, but both times it failed
[Just scroll down the pictures in the article if you can't understand the language, it will give you an idea why]
They say all right wing sided politicians are no wirse then a junta that ran into a colledge campus and ended in a 1973, so like its bad but not as bad as the junta
Northen Cyprus
That doesn't mean that you can sit in the sun for hours on end without sunscreen and expect to be safe because you are under forty.
Belief in God isn't necessarily blind.
and some of these debts go back a Century for Greece.
*with approval of Greece and Turkey*
So I don't know if it can be accurately transplanted into the alphabet
Though you can leave your books on a shelf under your desk
You didn't quite catch the first part about what it would mean to leave the euro or the non economic aspects of being in it.
Μannequin challenge by Greek Police.
The fall of Constantinople because it just seems more right if we had Constantinople as a capital because of our history with the Byzantine Empire
So stop running away from the question like a hypocrite that you are, and answer it
Most Greeks have no idea who the real founder was
I usually got good grades in that subject
I do not understand how we are below Poland, our press has issues true, but there is nothing even close to the blatant propaganda machine of TVP
/r/greece tries to enter the war for shit and giggles but the money rans out on the first night
Same word , different spelling, Greek is weird :p
I am sure it was unavoidable, and could have ended better for Greece
Huh, this is the article I consulted, which comes down pretty strongly in favour of lo/gli for W words
[74] According to Harold Plenderleith, the surface removed in some places may have been as much as one-tenth of an inch (2
>Through the clouds above he spots thee
Mythos beers are way better than the others
I see what they did there
cold and boomer jokes are popular
I am writing α all the time, I tried doing the English a and I can't
No data from Cyprus, a former British territory
Even young couples need more than 1500-1700 combined to stay together
You made the assumption that it was somehow taught that anatolia ionians were somehow linked to the turks
It was not a civil war
) said on live TV that people should resume swimming because it is safe
In School we say "the bus was late again" Because busses here are almost never on time
Try to find a non-Athenian Greek that disagrees with you
γαμώτο is as mild as you get with vulgar greek expressions mate, you couldve done much worse
Btw Did algebra start here
unless you're a very small kid or in a nudist beach it's 0% (in Greece at least)
The Byzantine emperors had the motto/title of "king of kings ruling over kings" so maybe that's why calling them basileis is/was so common (while autokrator is the one that translates to emperor).
1) the harder pronunciation of various letters (b, t, d, r, k etc
It misses some part from the beginning and the ending line is from entirely another quote
It is pretty easy to go to other Schengen countries, you just show your national ID ( or something that it counts as valid ID like passport) , based on my experience
So only 2 syriza members voted against from here
If NATO can decide to "defend" separatists in Yugoslavia, they can decide to do the same in other countries.
Polish problems require Polish solutions
[another video of him]
The bin where Erdogan sends EU's strongly worded letters
The regions aren't set in stone
Το ορθογραφικό λάθος (και η μετάφρασή του στα ελληνικά) είναι μέρος του αστείου.
Jeg er dog ligeglad, for at være ærlig, et sprog behøver ikke være "nyttigt" eller populært for nogen at lære det:)
Of course we’re first
Greek was actually lingua franca in the eastern mediteranean region for many centuries
Some people kike to drink in order to experience a feeling of joy or euphoria
Stalin totally made quotes that had English puns.
Not my parents, but I have communicated with my father in English when we were close to an old relative and we wanted to say something personal, but this person doesn’t hear very well, so maybe they didn’t understand that we were speaking in another language
I think that's why the mods allow it sometimes.
It seems some former communist block countries value the welfare of the economy more than their personal freedom and democratic rights, and big part of population is happy to live in an illiberal state if they have connected it with a better economy
Before the ottomans there only was the roman/byzantine empire and for the brief period of time between these 2, it was once more a few scarcely populated strongholds + stronghold cities, which were cut off from constantinople but not yet conquered
Now followed by this
just for r/europe
Greece took also part alongside Britain in October 1940 and gained the first European victory against an axis member
If the "Great Powers" of the time had been more agreeable, they would probably have been Belgian, because after governor Kapodistrias was assassinated, the first choice was Leopold of Belgium but his demands weren't met
Still waiting on that Rule34 content chief
I refuse
Nothing is worth going down an illiberal path
Well the dirtiest place in Greece (where the coal operating energy plants are) has [68]
Don't forget Skyladiko & Tallava
I feel you
Our keyboards have greek characters typed like this
lee by Nikos kavadias ( kind of hard to find in english though)
Yea that subzidation is bullshit, Mykonos alone could pay for all of the cyclades
There's a ton of other places that are not visited which are a must go
They just live on the street but the community takes care of their food and sometimes health
Not gonna lie I'm a bit surprised
Edit: Albania as well
When we first started dating, he he'd get livid with me getting to the date late
One could also argue that it is expensive
I mean, I did eat bougatsa pretty much every day for breakfast my first year of college
Also, she told me that some people have seen what's happening in the US with the trans kids and they are afraid that if they give the LGBT movement a bit of space, then it will demand more
It is totally okay to be gay
They were literally fighting to keep an empire from falling apart just because it was theirs
Knowing better is one of my favorite channels, thank you
Usually we grill and prepare a shit ton of food or more rarely order a shit ton of food, people arrive in advance before the food is ready to chat for a couple of hours
The people are not social at all, obsessed with every small rule they have, either written or unspoken
Pretty rare i think, I've personally seen it once maybe
This one looks especially really good, good job :)
Kind of
The name came into prominence following the rather successful 1959 movie "[Vacations to Kolopetinitsa] starring Kostas Hatzihristos and Spyros Fokas (filmed in location in the village)
Same goes with latin
Somewhere I couldn't even understand what they were saying
All this talk about the Greek debt is misleading.
My late grandmother used to tell me all kinds of stories about those dark times
People were joking about that for many years lmao
EDIT: autocorrect
Personally I make a circle (ο)and then i write the ι α.
You meant Former Yugoslav Republic of "M"
along with the catacombs beneath it
**Those cities are almost carbon copies of each other.**
But I dont think its considered weird
Sure, there are ruins from Antiquity that we want to showcase to the happy-go-lucky tourists, but after that, only breadcrumbs
The ring of fire
That sounds like a superpower
In Greece, we used the term Δωσίλογος (Dosilogos) to describe a traitor during the nazi occupation of the country
WTF i hate the Eu now
We just count "ena, dyo, tria
Are the inmates there dangerous and stuff
Alright meet you in the middle
and trump probably wouldn't have won
I see the others suggested you VIC for Greece
The first two are mostly consumed by older "traditional" people and they don't taste particularly nice imo but the last one (a type of white wine) is widely consumed and it's a tasty and cheap way to get drunk *fast*
How come it's today though
I know a little bit, but I would like to educate myself in order to expand my knowledge about you
Maybe, I hear both much
Did we really need spies to draw that conclusion?
I thought you were our bros, Irish still got our backs.
for clarification i live in the east coast of Attica where it rarely goes below 0 (at best once a year)
I'm saying this because Europe isn't one big homogeneous landmass, much like the United States
There's the regular chicken soup, no eggs
Whilst the previous two were only hard for communists and left leaning people, this one was almost universally bad
how is thessaloniki less developed
Source: Greek so it's kinda our national sport over here vOv
yup I second that
Usually an ultraconservative part/ofshoot if the Church.
However for close distances or inside the same country, you can buy it even 30 min before boarding.
I was at the IT guy's office, and I typed the password thinking im typing in qwerty
Unfortunately, as long as Russia is backing them up, they will continue to claim Kosovo.
Culturally
It's a great island to visit for alternative minded people, hippies etc so lots of weed is smoked over there.
Also not as many parks so too little green in a sea of grey
In some movies and tv shows sometimes the subtitles aren't accurate and there are some mistakes
They were convinced
That's based on the fast food buildings I know and remember, there might be betters that I am unaware of
You guys are definitely forgetting about Euro 2004 since you're the champions now
Venezuela had a massive oil economy that collapsed that Venezuela was highly dependent on
couldn't have said it better
Neo-nazis and some Muslim immigrants hate the Jews because of Israel and the notion that Jews are evil and control the world.
13 déka-tria
edit: yup, just checked germany is first then italy and france
This is the order commonly cited in the news when referencing numbers pertaining to national finances, so there really is no common confusion about what it means
Still not locked
Ah shit, wrong target, terribly sorry!
"If it happens, it happens" attitude
The private sector is gasping for air.
I can understand English just as well as my native language, but I never practiced speaking or writing just as I would like to
Why did English drop ð and æ? I can understand dropping æ in favour of a simple a in place, but why ð? It's more compact than "th".
EDIT 2 : See this videoit contains information ,at some point, on how to start drinking milk, if you are lactose intolerant( if you are not, I do not see any reason to do what he suggests)
Literally Austrohungary (more informal) or  Austrohungarian Empire (more formal)
But 'Bosnian' was already an ethnicity before the Ottomans.
Wait, so Americans don't have to use a drill and a dübel to hang up a painting
Based on what I read 37% of Greeks are smokers
Something that happened centuries ago, is too deeply buried in the past to make us feel any shame
One of my favorite restaurants i've ever eaten at actually has been a German cuisine restaurant here in Greece (tho it was run by a greek couple who used to live in Germany so not sure if they changed things up at all with their recipes) but i loved it
Well, In Greece there's loud and quite ones everywhere, we're not bound by coordinates on a map ;p
Also are those people of Russian ancestry
Some Americans here said that it is not abnormal and some other said that it is kinda weird
As we see here the US had its first cases couple of weeks after Europe in general
It's like annoying Adobe
It's kinda lame
*That is something very much unimportant
I'm actually saying that he's an Albanian hero, in your first comment you implied that both of his parents were Serbs and I corrected that
He was born abroad, his mother was American, and he lived completely abroad until he was 22 years old
Destroyed: 80% of all industry, 90% of all rail, roads and ports along with 10% of population.
Fancy that
There would be some federal laws that will apply everywhere and will be above national laws but there would also be national laws
This is so damn accurate, the Greek parliament was exactly like this until the most recent election
This guy works here
Where the heck did this come from
the local media just repeat whatever CNN says.
Not sure about Christmas but I'm pretty sure we have a new year's lottery
So most disgraced is easily him
We may want to have children but more in a sense of someday
Sounds like Finrod had a kid with a latino woman.
Shit I also do the last one
Very nice job op
Nice
didn't you learn anything from Tramps hair?
I went to Milan last year and oh boy it was a shittown
Looks like we're winning on the cucumber front
Erdogan knows how to deal with such situations
I know you're joking, thing is, Orthodoxy has some differences with Catholicism for example.
Yes, Sirens would be the most similar to what OP is describing
plus she killed the source of the immunity
after cleansing all ethnic and religious minorities, that is.
Yes It looks great, It also allows to bring new formed parties with new people to the competition I wish we had something similar as well.
But in the end, when the prime minister went to deliver the authority, the three colonels appeared and everyone were like " who the fuck are these guys
Σε ευχαριστώ (I thank you)
As i understand it economics and politics are a lot more complicated but you got some points right.
Anatolian Greeks tend to look very exotic.
Usually projects like this are made by companies
But I searched it and you are right
You are not fulling anyone with the sunny sky
And even though they must have had myriad problems of their own,  they still spared effort and attention for us, and what little they did, was still huge
lol
Schengen countries  abolished all passport and all other types of border control at their mutual borders
Yeah I remember greek profs telling us to follow "general rules" when writing essays yet never bothered to actually inform us of these rules
Foreigner approved, I really do miss gyros
If fullcommunism (a satire subreddit) is analogous to altright(a non satire subreddit), then who is the centre left party in your analogy?
> and I’ve heard “why don’t we just switch to English lol” more than once
Do we even have cursive
And no, I don't think you should abort your child if you get raped
I never know which vowel to pronounce when there are two or more next to each other
They won't allow member states to have a race to the bottom approach to corporate tax.
Love this
Which isn't that surprising tbh, since those are exactly the kind of people those institutions attract
We have [Bouzouki] (spelled somth like: "booze" - "ookee") which is, from what I know, of Turkish or Anatolian origin
Trust me, it's a both way street
Turkey can still be a partner and ally of EU.
Greek pronunciation is not really close to anc
Most greek media outlets have at least an english online version.
He made it his own though instead
We have 40 parties but  only 6 of them are in the parliament
Also about Pontic Greeks for some reason
They are spiritual people
Anarchists attacking **anything and everything** is definitely not unheard of...
Spanish, because I'm in love with it and the grammar is unforgiving
Greece culturally in it's vast vast vast majority from old people to younger people is based on Antifascist ideals
But the funny thing is that foreign people seem to really like it when I speak with a greek accent, so I may or may not purposely talk with a greek accent most of the time now because foreigners find it "exotic" or what they call it
m) detahced house for 395k euros
Based
Where I come from, from Macedonia, I first and foremost feel Macedonian and then Greek
What do we fry
Good luck everyone
Ζήτω ἡ Ἑλλάς καί ἡ Πίστις!
They really think things like "they are cold people", " they are racists", "they are suppressing us",  "their language is unpleasant, stiff and brutal" just to say a few common things
They already drive like they're in GTA there and most are armed to the teeth (trust me in from there)
Practically all royalty have no real power
Bad quality, cheap price
Do I have to remind people that this Social and Economic union is probably one of the main reasons this continent hasn't wrecked itself again since the end of the 2nd World War
Uncommon, if you're clean shaven and young, you will probably get called Miss a few times by older folk :D.
In general it seams that the judges decided that they did not want to take this decision themselves so they decided negatively.
Dutch sounds like the same language from the game The Sims
maybe democracy or olympic games
Even thought the whole country saw the consequences of  arbitrarily building inside a forrest arrea, reconstruction plans are being made
Also in most cities people in both countries are secular despite their religion
When the national bank learned about it, they offered him a loan with zero tokens and he could pay it whenever he could, but he refused
It's either Greece or Romania that start something in this subreddit always I swear
I think Erdogan is smart as a fox in diplomatic matters and knows very well when he is in a position of greater power.
drinking culture is one thing, making yourself like this is another
I have to ask what's the story behind it, if you want to share
His second wedding in Paris was seen as Gatsy style and provoked anger and then he became one of the very few convicted for corruption
Travelling in many countries is the same with going to a trip within your own
I will be honest, I am under the impression that most of then just find alternative ways but I could definetely be wrong.
Auschwitz
21 is ìkosi-ena
Correct
The gods moved south for the winter years ago.
Why was Cuba's and China's response to Italy's plea for help faster
London, Rome, Lisbon, Istanbul, Budapest would be my go to
Very proper indeed
I think it depends on personal preference and the quality of each apartment, but imo apartments are better than houses cause they can offer the same quality (space and insulation) for a cheaper price/rent
- τινάζω τα πέταλα (to shake the petals)
Looking for other pieces to disagree on with this is biased the least.
but they weren't fun to be a part of either.
I think of Türkish people as brothers.
So, I moved back knowing the diffiulties (especially if you have lived abroad and opened your mind, it can be tricky), but like I said, I don't care what people think or say and I have managed to have a busy but quiet life with good weather and food
The UK would probably be fine if it gradually removed itself from the EU institutions, but under a no-deal scenario there is no room for any transition
Getting into the same neighborhoods does not necessarily have to be a bad thing.
80 means 110
I thought only the [Spanish Inquisition] was sneaky.
Come here to Chicago where we took Italian pizza and made it into a deep dish
Really
I would argue that this is natural when most of us have been brought up on horrific stories of starvation, slaughtering of families or even entire villages that our parents and grandparents experienced
All of this depends so much on humidity though
>Another one that's funny as hell but not true is how we every day eat bougatsa for breakfast and pitogyro with tzatziki for lunch
The system is almost some kind of an elaborate pyramid scheme, where younger populations support the benefits of the retired ones
It was just in *1947* that Greece's shape and size was finalized
It's always good to know when someone isn't liked.
Interesting news, but posting the sun as source on r/europe shouldn't be allowed
Turkey is no different than Nazis before ww2
Thanks to it and to EU Freedom of Movement I can go have a PhD in the Netherlands or Belgium with a salary 5 times what I would have in Greece or work in Denmark or Norway with a salary 3 times what I would have in Greece without visa requirements, without needing to prove that I have skills that locals do not (as you have to do in USA for many professions)
What exactly makes a passport strong
Learning foreign languages is mind altering, and, in my opinion, extremely important in a child's mental development
I honestly think it'd be a horrible idea for Scotland to be independent as it is right now
I would love an electric fully automated car to take me around on errands and then go park itself until I call it back.
WHY
What are you talking about
LIThuania
True, it does foreshadow them, but at the same time it is not overrated (if that makes sense haha
That's good too but can't be used for every instance
On the cockiness
Spot on, but there are as many opinions on terrorism elimination as there are ass holes, the band is no exception.
no there is not its not like it changed anything with him on the helm
Don't forget Skyladiko & Tallava
That's clever but it's biologically impossible for me to not pronounce every letter lol
The most effective tool in helping to eliminate poverty have been the market.
The West is a civilization not a deal.
Too bad it's a pretty hefty charge
Essentially cabbage leaves stuffed with meatball mix with karolina rice (local variety afaik, no idea what's it called outside of Greece or if it's grown even), boiled then finished in thick avgolemono egg-lemon sauce
But how do we know he's a Greek?
I was gonna say black olives and then I saw that you said Greece is associated with green ones
Greece is doing fine like hell tertiary in thrace
Pingu is a staple
Alvion was the original name used by Greeks and then around 1st Century AD Greeks used Prettania which then became the Roman word
Uranus = Ουρανός (Uranos, also used in modern greek to say "sky")
I don't hang around with neither Nationalists nor Christian fanatics.
Eeerie silence in parks and trains
They will still refer to the country as the capital (Skopje) or FYROM
Warm weather or Cold Weather and Touristy or Non-Touristy.
I root for every team that plays the more attractive football/basketball (that's the only 2 teams sports I know)
When a normal dude goes against the heavyweight champion and survives all the rounds losing based on points, and even managed to score some solid hits, people take notice.
I dont
Correct me if I'm wrong but if you manage to beat that beast there should be some kind of award or something
Bulgaria and Albania more or less in the same situation
It would be the beginning of the end for Turkey.
(BTW I think that the cross ins't only a religion symbol , it has also another use ,it was also the symbol of the Greek seafarers because it symbolized the four points of the horizon
Turkey: Y E S
Galypso would sound better
Bursa= Prousa
Istanbul is by no means a colony of an Asian country, its an annexed former capital of a neighboring country.
He drove to the hospital, scoffing every time he saw a crucifix bumper sticker and made sure to situate his fedora before he got out, parking in between two disability slots
I was in Sicily for a while and I was always amazed by how dirty the cities are and how cheerful the people seem to be despite them living with an obviously lower standard compared to the north
All the way
Judging from my knowledge, many (or most?) people from the western coast of Turkey descend from Bosnia, Albania and Bulgaria, these people were called 'Balkan Turks' and were pretty much muslim converts from those regions.
That is actually good of them, cause it means stability
I meant it as an additional reason that the Southern European dishes are considered tasteful
Hello, person from another universe!
In Thessaloniki:
*Greek Cursing 101*
Probably the Mati fires from 2018
We were doing the whole left-wing thing way before you you know!^pls^send^monies^soon
am be a spoil sport and remind everyone that you don't actually live in a democracy you aren't voting for laws you are voting for lords and if yer very lucky they aren't complete cunts.
Not worried we will start just using english completely though
an(y)  aerial photography  of the  Acropolis/ Parthenon
When he entered, he got his camera ready, and going up to the third floor he thought “Reddit, the last enlightened place on Earth, will finally give me the attention I deserve and recognize me for my intelligence
For example they don't give you life,liberty,bodily autonomy etc They just have laws that protect your life and your freedom etc
For sure Albanian
I get it now
They also discuss school matters as most kids present also happen to be classmates from primary school
That is correct, sparta had already lost all power and influence by that time
Why don't football jerseys used in the Euro Cup have the stars signifying the number of Euro Cup wins instead of World Cup wins?
I learned pretty quick because I wanted to understand videogames, tv shows and browse the internet
Cyprus, your not so close EU neighbor
And all of these are just in the part of the Centre of the city
Will check them out later
It is mostly poor gypsies that keep giving birth to half a dozen of children.
They are in a better place with God, free of Latvian oppression.
Oh, ok
Some Turkish users are always trying to compare themselves to Greeks, which is ridiculous.
Would be awesome but we live in Uganda...
Hell, even the US had billboards supporting eugenics and advertising that was antisemitic, along with a Nazi rally involving a few thousand Americans at Yankee Stadium.
Can you it write in Greek so I can sure it
i suppose it's because we are given a cheap android phone when we're teens and so switching os is pretty inconvenient and takes too long to get a hold of
Depending on your job you may or may not have enough time to sleep properly, but in general Greeks will go to sleep around 12am - 2am and have various waking times
12 months in airforce and navy, 9 months in the army.
* The courses with a smaller audience (10-25 students) are done via Skype for Business/Zoom/Webex
Call it selfishness, but I really overestimated how many sites Greece would have
We aren’t homeless with no internet connection
The way we treat names
The Cretan archers were considered to be the amphibians of the eastern Roman empire, as they were excellent with ships and ground battles, especially in archery
In my neighborhood we have a woman that feeds cats all around the neighborhood so many cats have gathered and since our apartment building is from the few in the neighborhood with dirt and grass patches it means many of the stray cats come to shit and piss in our block
Even when we protest on the streets
The form of government of Greece is that of a parliamentary republic
Have two cats
Are you high on drugs mate
just look at the delayed ferries haha
Yup, the greek educational system is shit
IIRC, the Pomaks were also Bogomils and this played a role in them becoming Muslim and subsequently becoming their own ethnicity
Respected academic, political scientist, advisor and lecturer.
Submarines , that is why you can't see them .
In this case, there is political agreement achieved at foreign affairs ministers’ level
Always the party that gave me hopes, even if it doesn't represent my ideology, if it gives hope that it will do good, then it has my vote
It's impossible for Turkey to keep claiming protection and intervention rights without appearing as the outlaw aggressor to the eyes of the entire world
Maybe Basil II, the Bulgar Slayer a Byzantine emperor
These are the prices from the 3 big telecoms giants that control everything and have a monopoly
Also by googling i found this
I'm European I'm white but so is a Spaniard•we aren't the same and our European "bond" isn't strong, thus to identify better we are specific.
They have been declared guilty of being a criminal organization
Honestly Greece has no better rival than Greece itself
And then we have, filotimo as a noun
outside our quarters there was a small forest  and we had the afternoons off so we just hang out until night call
I would say that to me it just seems to be a poor excuse to say that sharing awareness is enough
Quite the opposite, Dutch rap is among the best rap at Europe imo
Wildfires near Athens in 2018 that cause the death of 102 people
This is what I could find about specifically the protests, in different Greek popular sites of various political backgrounds (left, right):
Santorini
The logic behind it is if olive oil gets exported, it is branded, so the cans have the logo and graphics of the brand
**The Turkish National Movement (Turkish: Türk Ulusal Hareketi) encompasses the political and military activities of the Turkish revolutionaries that resulted in the creation and shaping of the modern Republic of Turkey, as a consequence of the defeat of the Ottoman Empire in World War I and the subsequent occupation of Constantinople and partitioning of the Ottoman Empire by the Allies** under the terms of the Armistice of Mudros.
Ηλιόλουστη χώρα και θα έβαζα και τον θεσμό της οικογένειας που κρατά πολύ ακόμα στην Ελλάδα.
Some families even lost 2 people on each war
Instead of the Florida Man we've got Pyrgos/Ilia Man
That is if I cared about the series, I lost interest since '12
>We may have the most nuclear weapons in the world
Without the letter γ (gamma) it seems wrong to write it down if you look at the etymology
nah
I'd argue that it's even worse for a rich country to be generating their power like that, yet no mention of them
It's mostly Serbs who deny this fact.
Visit Sardinia too
- 1300s. Then with older stuff it really really depends on the text
Nahh Turkland sounds too basic
That mannequin is NOT going to be used for training
This is not a country ranking, it's a passport power ranking
Since when are grey areas in international accepted borders
Heineken is so gross and Amstel is meh.
saying some common expression of ones language doesn't make him/her religious, there are many words and expressions that have roots in the various religions of the world that doesn't mean they are used religiously, it's empty words like thoughts and prayers etc
Greece had an empire that spanned up to India and Egypt
Maybe they need a break from the sun
Yup, I tend to follow the politicis of as many countries as I can
In Greece we don't have boy scouts
I think Schauble said something similar to Jack Lew.
How tf do you know it's his house
Thats hardly a killing spree,is it
I get that most muslim people are not terrorists but their religion is the only one that causes shit like this so often
But yeah this law is kinda anachronistic, but even in that case women who rape men will be punished as rapists, I think the only difference is terminology
In Greece learning English is a thing for years now and most of us are fluent with a slightly accent
Anyway from country to country the media are different so not really comparable.
But then again, if these were more normal-looking they would probably look the same for every country
Cheers
lol just kidding
From what I know we even opened a new lignite power plant like last year
Hell, NATO countries are so armed, that no one would ever think of attacking a NATO country.
Προτού να τη χαρώ
No i wouldnt
But  before the deal,  people from Macedonia called themselves Macedonia and they had statues of Alexander the great and the claimed Alexander the Great as their ancestor
Edit: Fellow Greeks could maybe give you a more detailed answer, since there are also many different types of "national" music worth learning about
Just don't litter I guess
I would say that [this] was most likely to be an official Byzantine flag for the most part.
When I lived in London I met many people who were SHOCKED it snows in Greece
So it was  the perfect environment for horrific smog and heatwaves .This days the situation is way better
Bringing your long term partner happens, but I don't think most people would be comfortable having sex when their parents are right outside
Are there many christian families in Turkey?
THere are two competing pipelines going through Balkans soon, one from Russia and another from Azerbaijan(backed by West), both going through Turkey and Greece and then through Balkans.
[Ada lovelace] who is considered the first computer programmer, was the daughter of [Lord Byron]#Greece) who was a major figure in the Greek war of independence against the ottomans.
We don't call countries like 'the French Republic' etc.
That has been exactly our behaviour through the last decade (and more or less before, too)
Unlike the US, europe has crazy neighbours.
He banned assemblies of more than 50 people
In the winter the snow was very bad quality in my opinion it melted easily but now it seems thicker
Absolutely not weird
They were also saying it the last time Obama came here.
Mostly people who cooperated with nazis
Also modern dialects in Greece all use the same exact alphabet, maybe with the polytonic system, their differences are in pronunciation and spelling of certain words
Yes, we do, we consider Byzantium the predecessor of Greece
3% of Greeks are in danger of poverty
Excuse me why did you take your shoes off at school
That's gay
10\^6 = εκατομμύρια
Only sanctions and stern letters.
They used pork as a weapon, they always smile.
Yes pretty common in Greece from the mid 70s onwards (before that we had a US backed military dictatorship in Greece so no soviet imports)
Even my family boycotts Turkish products now and they rarely boycott anything
Quite often unfortunately
We ate the donkey, we are left with the queue
Sometimes, they can even be nasty about it ("Don't touch someone from Ptolemaida
It is a thing (unfortunately), more and more people quit cigarettes and start vaping.
Our coat of arms, minimalism before it was cool?
Also some Apollos (Apolonas in greek)  although it's much rarer
Reduced to mere symbolism in the few places they survive at all.
They do not touch the Greek Civil War much or the military juntas (apart for the polytechnic school event) or any modern history for that matter
Damn
Wroclaw is really picturesque but there's not much to do!
Else he would know better than to disrespect the most powerful woman in the world
This is the type of stuff you would hear Golden Dawn say if they were leading the government.
And we used to count up like this up to 100 and them we left to find the hiders
i nazi sti filaki
Yeah, Europa-girl is a fucking weeb
The third painting is so incredible- so difficult to express how i interpreted it in enlgish!!
Only if it's possible to take the train, I obviously can't go from Greece to Sweden by train for example
Never even heard of it, NEVER
Absolutely not weird
Weird that only one pollution monitoring station in all of Greece is reporting to this data feed.
Yep, I read up a bit into the link, they likely adopted it after the Byzantine Empire fell
But we really did not need it, it's not like it's something expensive to install or something, but useless for our schools
Sea routes and naval trade or warfare were a big part of the ancient Greek tradition
It's worth it for the landscape and for other specific things, but the infrastructure and amount of people is a pain in the ass
I saw someone that posted this [ and I think that it may be kinda accurate, so I will add other two types [
They've attempted it some years back and killed a guard.
For Denmark Japan's existence was understandably not that much of a consequence..
I don't think many Italians take notice of it
Remnant of ww2 and the nazi occupation
These sort of maps portray shitty stereotypes from ignorant people mostly and are made exactly to make fun of it.
basically the same people, although people there will say otherwise.
Greece only belongs geographically in the Balkans, culturally we are on par with Italy.
Heavily spiced with paprika
There were Bulgarians majorities and Greek majorities in different cities
The Olga Foroga scene was amazing tho
The screaming became louder with the echo from the canyon and the enemies panicked and fled
One of the oldest right wing parties in Greece
Βοναπαρτάκης, he was from Crete...
Mainly junior high/ high school.
Do you support any sides
BTW I also prefer whole milk
In the castle you could shoot a little crosbow three times to a paper target and they would give you the target with the holes as memorabilia
I think that Estonia is very good combination of a  secular and sober country
I didn't know my region was a part of the Republic of Venice, then a part of the French Republic, then an autonomous Republic under nominal Ottoman suzerainty and Russian protection (essentially a Russian protectorate), then a part of the First French Empire and after that a British amical protectorate called the "United States of the Ionian Islands".
The word patat sounds like the Greek word patata which means potato , I think both of them come from the Spanish word patata and that is maybe loan word from a native language
But she  would refuse to leave her only house so she stayed behind
People think that because the government owes money, the whole country is poor.
Sanders thinks that welfare is socialism.
My neighbors are mostly grannies and my mother she talks with them sometimes
My last name technically means that I come from a certain place in Greece (as in the word of that place is in my last name - for privacy I won't say it), but nobody in the family is from that place or has any connections to that place
>He said that when a state strongly about an issue it is placed high on the agenda and if unanimity cannot be reached, this is respected and consultations are promoted at the European Council
My head connects it with hibernation and then the fact that you're at the edge of Europe and nothing significant ever happens in Ireland
I don't have data for all of europe, but there is a study about my country that basically concludes that demographics will constrain real growth at least until 2040.
How many of us love drinking milk
I also haven't broke a bone
Where were the 'allies'?
Nobody is perfect
I grow up next to the Serbian Cemetery of the Fallen Serbian soldiers who helped during the Balkan wars.
One of many civilians who were killed in occupied Cyprus
Example: An entrepreneur is working with much meráki
Something should happen about this, because Europe isn't just central Europe and northern Europe
No eastern no nothing
Loukanikos the Riot dog ? He was a true fighter :)
I know that the whole 4th floor is barricaded (Hungary, Croatia, Austria).
African nations have started gaining tech knowledge and there are businesses and investments going
>I think that if you want to support european independance
I know who you mean, but that's in modern times, where one can have videos to get examples, can have a study partner to help with accent etc
Plus the drivers behavior is awful
This would be dope
Κοντός ψαλμός αλληλούια (kodos psalmos hallelujah)
I think it was used like normie or something I'm not sure
Haha it makes sense
Can you ask him how the Challenger is?
Everyone living in Athens is allowed to look down to every other city since we're living un the biggest, history richest city, in which we have a metro unlike other cities - **Looking at you, Thessaloniki** - and can brag about it
Cons: You think spelling is hard until you meet Greek, then it's gets worse, much much more worse
there's always something new at the Balkans..
in the first few days we could see a bunch of guys walking into the forest and come back after an hour or so with a goofy smile on their faces
Kosovo's statehood is illegitimate.
But even now that the law changed they very rarely enter to stop this kind of situation unless it escalates in more serious crimes (like drug dealing, storing clubs and makeshift weapons, sheltering illegal immigrants etc) because it has been normalised through the years in the Greek society as a normal situation
What the hell is that
Never wrote such thing
Fucking Greeks ruined Greece
Not many castles really, I have visited one in Heidelberg though
1936 dictatorship
Turkey: Y E S
War of 1897
So it's like saying  "small dust" xD
Why is it called Cyrillic and not something like Clementic
We could even get violent over tennis, if we were interested enough for it
It's the distinction he makes, the "we" as opposed to the "them": the Romanians next door, the HIV carrier foreigners, the Chinky, the Muslim etc.
This
Oh, so the issue here is whether we'll die by a shot in the head or by waterboarding?
dare I say better than the old one
What kind of Muslims
Ι also like you γείτονα. Οur cultures are really close
It's as simple as that: heavy taxation on every living organism, so that the State has enough to pay for their public servants and pensioners
In that case the ID or passport would write "Gouilliam or William" (same for last names)
Employers take advantage of it by not paying their employees and basing their salaries off of tips.
They even have areas on the mountains that are proud to have never been conquered (by Turks, Greeks, anyone) and the police is still pretty cautious to go there
Its amusing how for a country that's so obsessed about honour etc you're so shamelessly lying to yourself and you're afraid to admit your country's shit
If Comcast wants to make a shitty Netflix or Youtube alternative that can't compete, they will either slow down the competitor to semi-unusable levels, or force them to pay up
at least in Athens, I think its; doing quite well
And many more
So , I guess it would be more economically developed more united and peaceful the political climate will be better
Yeah the EU would be pretty great for me
" Start importing things from Bulgaria?
Academics will always argue about these things until the end of time, maybe the truth is somewhere in the middle.
Western Civilization in its finest
There are plenty of roman ruins all over Greece, the most notable being the Roman Forum, the Arch of Galerius and the Rotunda in Thessaloniki, the Roman city of Nicopolis, which is the largest archeological site of a city in Greece, the Library and Arch of Hadrian and the Odeon of Herodus Atticus in Athens, a theatre just below the Parthenon
Without the EU we are fuuuuucked
Imagine if Turkey was on the map
This has to be the onion, right
But if fried potatoes are so good in Belgium then I have to go there to try them
I think we should all just grow up and realize just how similar we all are, and make our own union (let's call it the Eastern Union, EU haha), with blackjack hookers and raki
Omg he shouldn't have said stuff like that especially when he came to your country as a tourist
When these crisis are over Turkey will lose its importance to the USA.
I think people here love the lyrics a lot but they love the music even more
- Being the capital, it has a big variety of things to do, mostly when it comes to shopping or events/concerts
Perfect for bicycle touring
DID I MENTION QUEUES
Not overlooking the fact that smoking is unhealthy af and is a bitch of a habit to kick, but it helps with stress
i am calling the inquisition to purge this heresy
levers
But I don't feel like you can call that a word, it's a bunch of words (the literal meaning of the word) fused together
My guess is that immigrants (or bilinguals in general) translated the expression from their native language, and it stuck
tbh I could probably imitate a perfect Spanish accent by only slightly modifying my Greek accent
Nice timing with no intention to influence elections whatsoever.
Oh boy
It seems like you are accidentally getting into our internationally recognised territory every day,many times per day.
Nothing more needs said
The original name of the city was Θεσσαλονίκη Thessaloníkē. It was named after the princess Thessalonike of Macedon, the half sister of Alexander the Great, whose name means "Thessalian victory", from Θεσσαλός Thessalos, and Νίκη 'victory' (Nike), honoring the Macedonian victory at the Battle of Crocus Field (353/352 BC)
In Cyprus maybe
Apart from private owned summer camps,there are also public camps
Would you like Italy to be out also?
There are still Pontians in Odessa so this criminal could be Pontian, who knows
But even the main body has conservatives *very* similar with the Bible Belt.
You can't just rule out an entire geographical region and its problems just because they don't have a population that can compete with huge cities.
Anyone from Russia,Germany, a few from Finland:
Most people don't actually like it and those who do know it gives you the worst possible hangover
And also major Greek companies
All of our neighbors
Everyone's fekked, that's my reaction
Is that considered rude anywhere
The Patriarchate of Constantinople doesn't recognize the Church of Macedonia probably because of the name dispute, so you see that the unity thing is just a joke, they recognize whoever they want due to their interests
Not to mention jaw-dropping scenery
So I guess it also depends on the municipality and on the people of each area
It's ironic how I watched a YouTube video just know, dating a year or two back saying how Hungary is the most corrupt government inside the European Union
As a result he died two days later
EU4: I haven't played much as I am missing a lot of DLC
The only way for the CHP to gain power is to adopt aggressive nationalist policies.
If you get my point
We do the opposite
It's from Byzantine Greek from what I've been told.
Especially because I am a male of fighting age
Except, maybe, the city of Nafplio, the first capital of Greece
Many european politicians have expressed dissenting views, it's just that they have always been faced with a wall of resistance.
Τι στον πουτσο ρε μλκ, ακούγεται σαν cult
Live in Europe
It's *all these friendly sayings* and his style of talking.
We have basically the same climate here as Melbourne
And some people care
Greek most likely sounded like
and 27% are daily smokers
in Greek it's been a long time since i last watched it but if i remember correctly they had a hippie stoner accent
Really
It'll have to be a listing on an e-shop for a children's Lalaloopsy backpack
>Wir schreiben nur in Englisch, es sei denn, es steht auf den U-Booten des Landes
Still a disgusting figure no matter how you look him, outside of foreign affairs
"weed and rednecks" would be the correct one.
Fuck, the reference went over my head
But far right
"Tremendous" is how donald trump speaks; if anything i was making fun of him.
You sound so butthurt and ridiculous.
Who makes that claim
GPS works wonders here
I agree that almost anyone believes that,  but about the others you mentioned,  I think that it is more subjective
Big strong hairy Turk daddies mmm
Most of the people who voted for them were voting for them as a punishment for the previous government, that was the motto that they used mostly in their early campaigns "We will punish those politicians who wronged you" once they got voted and showed their true neo nazi colors then this latest election they got almost no votes and got kicked out of the parliament
BTW I would love to go to your country, it seems very nice and you have a good quality of life
The deepest point in the Mediterranean is in Calypso Deep, south-west of Pylos
I'm pretty sure most would try to be understandable but I'm only talking about the Cypriots' casual way of speaking
Welp I'm having a cultural shock right now
70's were corruption days that thing went on until 2009 or so, now these days are a meme (pasok days, when money were coming from skies)
That was just an opinion/assessment (with which I also happen to disagree).
“On the boys’ chests, they sewed name tags”, writes Voglis,  “with Slavic endings added to the names; many boys were raped”. A female  prisoner was forced, after a severe beating, to stand in the square of  Kastoria holding the severed heads of her uncle and brother-in-law
The borders of the Republic of Macedonia can only be changed in accordance with the Constitution and on the principle of free will, as well as in accordance with generally accepted international norms.
[Here it is from an other source as well]
for my family we only celebrate it on the 25th
That's true, my family and my friends don't go to church cause we aren't really religious
Maybe fine Qatar for it's perversion of such a sporting event
Fyi, after Kemal wanted to eradicate christians from Turkey, Greece accepted many christian Anatolian refugees.
There's probably always something more to add, but each time it becomes harder to fit it in a two-dimensional graph, especially if I maintain the current design choices in regards to e.g.
And not to mention the huge feud we (Athenians) have with them when it comes to how is the proper way to ask for a souvlaki.
A Souvlaki or spaghetti with minced meat
\-when someone looks good you have to do a little "ftou ftou"(pretend spitting) so you don't give them the evil eye(mati) but only grandparents and mothers do that these days
Face it, nobody knows what to do with that hot potato.
Here on Greece it is so low because we can't afford funerals
It's worth noting that it's not just the death penalty that is unconstitutional in Turkey, it's also changing the punishment after the crime (as it should).
We have a place called Malakasa
But both my parents house and the place I live and study are by the sea and generally have milder Temps
Unionen, Sweden’s largest union, is encouraging members to call up when male colleagues give them unsolicited lectures
The epic second season that lasted for half an episode before it got split into a bunch of spinoffs with varying degrees of success
Privatization of 14 regional airports to German state-owned Fraport complete - Deal includes over a billion in investments to airports and links with new international airlines
In which year did Dutch mountaineers first reach the summit
No wonder why they haven't shown us this in school
What I actually get from this is "You're obviously not from here if you don't see things the way I do".
Nah I don't think we ever see you as rivals, I actually really admire Iran and the Persian culture
It's good to see our people finally stand up for something
There is no way anything wrong is going on in Russia.^^/s
His tweeter is TD tier
Yayy
Now Erdogan seems determined to exhaust everyone's patience with him.
Not everyone in the opposition is like this, but the majority are
Guess neutrality will do that to ya
PC/Ubuntu: [Stock] 20
But from what I have seen, learners of the Greek language do actually use them
3 months later, they are not even close to tackling this
Apart from that, we discourage Greek born parents from the non official variants of the names
In Greece we have this subject in junior high and high school, the name of which directly translates to "religions" and it pretty much focuses on Christianity, as you would imagine, but in one grade we also learned some things about Hinduism, Buddhism and Muslim (I actually learned about Ramadan in that class lol)
People would gather  to look at the so-important potatoes and soon some tried to steal them
What do you mean that they have to take it as a loss?
Yeah I believe a Greek Soldier's dog ran across the border and he chased after it
And to make it worse in the Greek article linked below it says that for 8 days the temperature didn't drop below 30° even during nighttime
Imagine having 38-42, high humidity, every day for 3 months
I'd say that they are very rude towards the passengers, so when you ask them something they try to not respond and if they have to it's a short and rude reply
Maybe in the future if more countries become better and get accepted we could avoid conflict in the Balkans
It's human culture and heritage being lost
If only the border checks were a bit faster
I think they are hot
Started in the early 20th century, it was popularised by immigrants of the Greco-Turkish war until the [30s] and went through a rebirth in the [60s-70s] Some modern day versions are [really good]
And generally Europe always follows the political route that seems to benefit the German economy even if the majority won’t benefit from it
I say we should take Nikomedia as well while we're at it
Street level is called ΙΣΟΓΕΙΟ (ground floor, literally equal to earth)
There you will see most if not all of the wall as it was at those times
I want my Greece back
The "president" then called Karamanlis, a politician who was prime minister before the junta, to return to the country and govern as a part of the junta
Enough with the graikos think it's been 199 years since Independence , I think that's enough time to forget that awful name
Athens is one of four world capitals that has committed to banning diesel vehicles from city roads by 2025
We would also ordered many foods and drink alcohol galore and we would drunk alcoholic drinks
> there are 18 cases in total, I think no European language has more
Its assumed they inherited them from Kings that used state founds/taxes/their position to built them/buy them.
Loumidis & Bravo for Greek coffee, Jacobs for instant(hot as well as frapé) and drip coffee, Illy for anything espresso-based (includes freddo greco)
This may be an unpopular oppinion, but why should expacts make a decision when they don't get to (directly) live with the consequences.
Pavlos Fyssas, Greek rapper, antifascist activist was murdered by Neo- Nazis
16 of them are cultural
And Caucasus people like Armenians and Georgians I've only met a very few but they have different face structure all together I think, big square jaw, thicker eyebrows, bone at eyebrow region comes out more, different hairline
ahead of schedule and under budget
Türkiye <3
It's the language from thr birthplace of western civilization, you already use many words from this language and it is a very structured a logical language, pronunciation of words has easy and clear to follow rules
1] [ex
So in your opinion Greek people should eternally suffer the consequences of our parents actions
Finally someone said it
It's amazing how we have evolved in the last 100 years
To say thanks would be very insincere, like a trophy for effort.
And here over half of the working population works more than 40 hours
Many Brits fought with us in WW2, they also heroically defended Crete along the locals, Australians and Kiwis.
OK, I thought I have read of something else involving Golden Down Syndrome activists but I can find it
We don't really hate each other as much as non-Turks and non-Greeks like to imagine
Ofcource schools will not spend time there due to constraints, but if you want to claim you even have a basic WW2 knoledge you had read about it.
I've lived all around the Balkans, and spent some time in western Turkey, and all I see is the same traditions, behaviors, insecurities
Many english words specially scientific ones have their root on a greek word, and knowing greek they can be understood better
If we can make it, you can make it too
It's the best Gjyna I tell you."
Wow that's interesting
However, the gossip stays still, an unbending rock in my culture's traditions and so, while it is not so common to overhear people who are/have been pregnant or even people who are not pregnant talking about it with painstaking detail, it can be a thing, mostly advice to teenage girls and soon-to-be parents, or even a quick elaboration on it while discussing a related subject
Also Greeks never had the concrete Romans used in their buildings.
Basically anywhere except Athens Santorini and Mykonos
Greece doesn't have the most badass word for 'hammer'
my town was one of the 12 cities Thesseus united into Athens so we have the part with the ancient ruins, everything else is at best 1970s because the population of this town blew up in the 90s before that it was just some beach village
And they're way more beautiful than the barren, overpriced, overrated islands
I don't mind at all
random link i found , you can see Halkidiki and Greek Macedonia ) being illustrated as part of the FYROM.
Mythos means myth, zythos beer
Oh, I'm from a coastal city, I actually do love the sea
Beer => μπύρα or μπίρα
I'd say most Greeks recognize it as the nationalistic anger fueled power grab that is was
You'll have a great time
Ask the Croats, the Bosniaks, the Kosovars..
Heh red is gay
This map displays the warmest temperatures
I found the frappè to be accurate/typical of greeks (especially while they are studying like the girl in the painting)
Serbs were fighting along with the Ottoman invaders, why is it so hard to accept that you were their allies?
[Here is a video about Greek dialects and accents]
Yeah, it's a common joke in Greece that if the cops catch you with x amount of weed, they will report that they caught you with x minus a gram because they'll keep it for themselves
Even the personnel checking your tickets and luggage at the gate can sometimes not be employees of the company
Lithuania looking like a toddlers puzzle game
Yeah,  I meant that those are the usually stereotypes for muslim nations
Am of 18 years, and go third of Lyceum
We sure like celebrating our victories here in the Peninsula, especially in football
I actually like Macedonians, I lived overseas for many years and I find that you have a very similar culture and sense of humour
No public school in greece has lockers, everyone carries their books in backpacks
My (not that educated) guess is that actions like this persuade people with more conservative views, that the police has been doing work to establish order
I agree with this
Took me a while to stop calling the country "Holland" in English as well
Speaking from many many summers of experience in playing "guess the tourist" in Greece
Youth hotspots in the city being super gay friendly (cheers again Spain
Practically all religions espouse hateful, antisocial behaviours for example.
I don't know if you're trolling or not, but better check up your history.
I like to eat milk with cereals for breakfast
Same in Greece, different punishments
Yayy
I know that Trump is butthurt and appealing so I'm wondering how long this can last and how is it normally resolved
How do you plan to create camps for hundreds of thousands of people on foreign jurisdiction?
That is a pretty idiotic comment, unemployment is not due to people not wanting to work.
You vote for the lesser evil in a multi party system too because your choice will have to work with another party and so a compromise must be made.
Yes it's pretty much the same over here
Souvlaki(meat on a stick) is something dating back thousands of years and was a common dish throughout antiquity/middle ages though-out the region.
it's sad that even in that age where the money was supposedly flowing like a river the morons that they are didn't invest in anything to make their fortune greater or the country's, they just kept buying useless houses, even more useless cars and the rest throw it away at bouzoukia, no planning whatsoever about the future, only to show off now and sadly nothing has changed even after a decade of memorandums and with us learning what our stupidity cost us
_Beautiful Greek Words:_
Am i missing something
He asked for Mediterranean and Southern countries
the Greek region of Macedonia).
That perplexed me a lot during my master abroad
-Yiago, I can hide it no longer, I have a lover
The guy is soooo tight he's got no lips anymore.
Social credit score though sounds like "good boy points" that if you don't have enough, you'd be faced with social exclusions
Naples>Neápolis(new city)
ΠΑΣΟΚ
Particular guy puts a special tone in his way of talking.
Not the biggest part of Croatia and not for a long time
In 30 years there will be 2 million( total population of 8 million if not less) less Greeks around so, *don't worry we will*...
My sister moved to Germany last year actually
There are also some right wing Junta sympathisers that like it cause they only see the "economy good and communists pawned" part, phrases like "but the Junta built roads" and "you were sleeping with the house unlocked" have become kind of a joke to mock sympathisers because they use them this often
What's Greece supposed to be exactly
I'm learning (very slowly) but it's like 10 times as hard as any other language I've learned
Δεν συγκρίνεται το κάτι με το κέλκε σοζ όμως!
Then there was the [Karaiskakis Stadium Disaster]
Turkey also pushes people to the island to increase their puppet state's legitimacy and doesn't even operate at the best interest of turkish-cypriots anyway (see clashes between the turkish-cypriot president and Erdogan)
Nearly everyone that has studied its problem has agreed that its debt is not sustainable(including the IMF) and should be relieved(something that was applied in Germany in 1953)
It has more to do with the fact that we have our backs on the wall the last 6-7 years and we really need good relations with our other neighbors just in case Turkey one day decides to actually act on all the threats they make.
I do too
In football I always root with the opponent of Greece (unless it's Spain or Germany)
Caller ID
You meant to say "rats in suits"!
Let's say you have [this stud] in front of you for example
As for your second point, I saw in the other comments that you weren't a communist, it wasn't meant as an accusation but rather a general point
From there to the Church of St
I am too experienced in debating this.
It's on my mind for days now  the weather is so nice, we were suppose to cebrate my daughter's birthday on the seaside in a taverna, it was her birthday wish
Tbh I cant choose but there are a lot
Not to mention jaw-dropping scenery
[Here's a table] that shows tax revenue in % of GDP.
Breitbard is not even involved in all this.
Τρώω παϊδάκια. (rough pronunciation: troo paidakia, the o's in troo are like one prolonged "oh")
At least here in America I have yet to go on a hiking trail that offers lifts
1600 - no data
The way I explain it to people usually is "I like to look at it, but from a safe distance" lol
I live in Ireland too, and I think that despite it being a generally very well run country, and their politics do not incude the lunatics that ours do, they are intentionally ignoring the extremely high rents of Dublin
I agree with that
Here is more random facts for you, i guess i was wrong about the exact numbers mea culpa
It's free real estate
Same in Greece, different punishments
You can't be frivolous with your euros
Basically "Boo and I am out"
That's just the municipality
For example, Telescope comes from greek Tele (Far) and Scope (Observe)
Which is funny considering how much blood Greece has spilled to protect Europe just over the last Century and the fact Greece is one of only 3-4 countries with an actual military in Europe.
I personally hate the final exams of high school
> Yeah, if they're loud and eating late, they're either portuguese, spanish or italian
Yes, we learn about Christianity in primary and middle school and in high-school we study "Theology", meaning that we touch on other religions too (mostly Abrahamic)
Ο Γιάννης, περνώντας μέσα από το σκοτεινό δάσος, πηγαίνοντας στην ταβέρνα, ανακάλυψε ότι ξέχασε τα χρήματα.
I was hoping for pizza . Why is the laptop here ?
Yeah and if I want to watch someone dribble a guy out of his mind I will come to you and see what you can do instead of messi
(\*) Of course joking about the Junta is most of the times fine, romanticising it is taboo
I don't think the people voting leave are thinking logically, it's like the British they wanted their country back
Poor Norwegians
Trying to justify the unjustifiable.
> Scylla made her first appearance in Homer's Odyssey, where Odysseus and his crew encounter her and Charybdis on their travels
A good day is when friends gather, we buy some good meat, cook and drink beer
You're a madman
That's really interesting
Well it really depends on the text and the age of it but Homeric texts are definitely too old to understand the full text so that’s why we do them in modern Greek though keeping many ancient words
He has said that he supports social democracy
It's only for the big 3 who took ages to put some fucking fiber on the ground
81 is ogdóda-éna
Pretty pleased that Brits seem to like my country that much
It's our traditional drunk food.
No wonders hardly anyone take you guys seriously.
Not better, just different
I think that's a little high, but I believe the polling stations that served mostly police and army regularly polled above 50% in favor of the fascists
be proud about doing that
I don't really have that problem, I just understand english but have a lot of trouble finding the words when I try to translate, in general I forget the Greek words for it
My citizenship should be taken away because I fucking hate this stuff
That's sad :(
Hmm
They say all right wing sided politicians are no wirse then a junta that ran into a colledge campus and ended in a 1973, so like its bad but not as bad as the junta
Even though what I said was true, don't worry, you'll have a fantastic time
sadly true
Του είπε μερικά "γαλλικά"/Tou eípe meriká "galliká": He cursed/trash talked at the other person
If Turkey went there to protect the Turkish Cypriot citizens, why did it occupy 40% of the island in a SECOND invasion AFTER the violence had stopped and AFTER the Junta had fallen
I 've noticed in america people dont feel the need to hang out wearing religious hats/crosses/scarves.
(this may differ from house to house)
low effort post
There were a couple more dead from different terror groups
Here in Greece it is not really mentioned because nobody watches it.
It won't be  45° all day
And we're preparing for Mars
As long as you are taking vitamins and exercising 2-3 times a week that is fine.
But until it is agreed to be the official name politicians in both countries will use the issue to collect votes postponing any solution :(
Στου διαόλου τη μάνα - At the devil's mom
It is in my country
Its all the GREEK olive oil they import and sell as their own i am sure!!
"Girl/girlfriend" and "literally" are also words I struggle with
We call France Γαλλία which is Galia  ( g pronounced a wh from what)
In Greece other option is Thessaloniki
All of us can be both
I was expecting to be insulted once
A Czech guy who thought that we still believe in Zeus and the Olympians as our gods
Yeah Cretans are really great
This rubber "boat" was sank 20km off lybia and the smugglers took the motor with them (imagine that).
There's literally hundreds if not thousands of those, can't list them all
I don't know how Germans and Italians feel but when we Greeks talk about "the war", we swell with pride
I don't remember eating something that I disliked it
The movement of change is a party that creates when pasok and some other minor parties decided to unite
And at around this time there was a giant magnifying glass above europe
Although they are often characterized as left wing, I  would describe party' policies mostly as center left
(Knolling)
Yeah I get that and you definetely have a point
For some reason the first Portuguese flag looks like a flag that was used by Greeks for coat of arms
Just because the economy is tanking that doesn't mean that the EU should be altered.
Mars = Άρης (Aris/Ares)
road
Manouri
OK but it's my turn to repost this next week
I vaguely remember showing an ID in Swiss borders but then I think they stopped doing that after a few months
To get out, he had to break the glass door with a chair
The Greek word for milk is γάλα - gala ( g is pronounced as y or as wh from what)
They exist and have always been fairly popular
Considering the size of their country, one can say that California and New Jersey can be seen as two different countries almost
Lol I just say that this thread is one moth old
I like this map
Each school day has 7 school hours, which are 45 mins each
You will never surpass us Greeks in bus submarine technology go cry with your panzerkampfwagen's. Lol
Yes, a million times yes
Protest against corruption does nothing.
Looking or making the catalog of sanctions for Turkey
It's already a shitshow
But the 25th has become the official date of the beginning of the revolt cause tradition i guess
But I guess things might be different in other areas
It is really delicious
* Hydrogen - Hidrogono
Pretty much everything
Greece would like to co-sign this petition
If they start jailing people
Beag in Irish, Bach in Welsh
I would also want the EU court to take action against violation of human rights
plus things change
How does that compare to Greece in 2020 still eludes me
How dare they have different opinions than the ones you hold.
Also there some bike friendly cities like Trikala   [
The phoenix was used since antiquity as a symbol of rebirth in Hellas
I don't see why the nationalists won't back Erdogan and instead go for the CHP just because of this.
Gender reveals in Croatia be like
Portugal Greece Cyprus Ireland, all of those economies were torn down but somehow Germany managed to get a profit out of it
Here in Greece, for public education at least
Do you consider Cyprus to be in Europe?
Or a usual suspect when thinking of big word back when i was a kid
5 people dead, 1 cop dead,and surely a couple more i dont remember
I'm sure Bulgaria doesn't mind.
This must've happened with Evzones too
Give us another 2 years and we'll join you
I seriously find it cute when my female Ophthalmologist's Cypriot accent comes out by accident, in general I find different Greek accents fascinating
Thankfully I revisited the IT guy for something else that day, I noticed his keyboard and had an epiphany
Greek
**Christos Bgialas**, member of Parliament, said "why should a 17 year old today care about who Koufontinas killed
Ugliest city I've ever been so far
I'll stick to the metal scene of both countries
This was for the UN
It is like a hard version of Dutch and an ugly version of Norwegian
" Koufontinas was the main hitman of the 17 November terrorist group, which was responsible for 23 assassinations of foreign and Greek civilians
The first that come to mind are:
The guards had been ordered in advance to turn a blind eye to such  behavior, and soon the potatoes had all been “stolen” and Kapodistrias’  plan to introduce them to Greece had succeeded
Perks of an interactive medium ;)
Boston says hi
Auta maresoun
However, even if people don't like what they're studying they don't drop out cause you **have to finish it**. It's sad to be honest but I can understand the pressure, it's the way/mentality that has always been
Την καταιγιδα την οποια θα διαγραψει το αξιολυπητο πραγμα που αποκαλεις τη ζωη σου.
It's not only a question of tradition as much of low fertility rates and hesitation/precaution because kids cost big drachmas and we ain't getting any.
Because they get upvotes in r/greece if they say so, and they do 24/7
It is borrowed into English from Greek as nostalgia
That is really fucked up, there are a lot of left-wing extremists in Greece who do this type of shit constantly.
I think almost all places (public property) where the Hellenic flag is flown so is the EU flag
Δεν συγκρίνεται το κάτι με το κέλκε σοζ όμως!
Worst invention : Pizza with pineapple
That is if I cared about the series, I lost interest since '12
I hear about that "elite" a lot but nobody seems to know who they are.
The title makes it sound way more menacing
Considering that Europe is interested in keeping at least the current EU borders, we know you will if things get there.
because you know you gonna go and play on a country that is literally funding terrorists..
Something about bread and song?
Just common sense: If you cover yourself with a blanket you will get warm
It's my favorite subreddit about Europe and one of my favorite subreddits generally
The last time there was a competing major pipeline the Syrian War happened.
Stuttgart was exactly like this
In Greek there are a more than 9 letters that sound the exact same but you have a gazillion spelling and grammar rules that dictate when you use what
3kg) and drami (=3
No, I think it's both
Only Greeks get to complain about their government and financial, social situation etc
Pros: None
it was effing hilarious
We study history a LOT
Also,..
Plus who the fuck puts christian figures on a train?
The majority of people that  I know don't fast , but I agree that it is usually celebrated on 25th
What is a stereotype about your country that is not true?
(Emperor Constantine, Emperor Justinian, Ιnternal conflicts regarding Christianity, The Split of the Western and the Eastern Christian Church, The Crusades and at last the Rise of the Seljuks and the Ottomans)
And if the question was about defensive fighting there is nothing wrong with that.
It's posted in on a website called all about Turkey dude
What are you talking about
At least you've got high speed internet
Just don't litter I guess
not sure if this counts but we see Ancient Greece and Alexander the Great's Macedonia as our Greatest times in history, it's hard to live up to those days
And the Czechs started doing it even before the communist government took power.
It's kinsa ominous tbh
Imagine how much food is wasted from every supermarket in the EU
A crap unscientific theory, even for the US
Usually drug dealer park is next to the station
Ministry of Defense located in [Senderos]
Did some of them stay in Greece?It would have been really nice that someone took care of them like your aunt,really nice of her too
Our TV channels are playing mostly American, British & Greek movies
Upper town (Kastra) for coffee with a view.
The American gov looks like a bunch of petulant kids throwing tantrums cause they lost the election and Russia acts like an adult ignoring the childish crap.
Loved it
We have a very capable police force
I hope it gets re-elected, for it does a decent, if very slow, job at cleaning up and creating growth, but yes, corruption is sadly worse than any crisis
Gyros and Kebab are basically the balkan version of Hamburger and Baklava the balkan version of apple/pumpkin pie.
Haha, you got me with the Mydia
I left the Greek puns out deliberately
Hey the London Dungeon was pretty fucking dope.
The phrase "panic attack" gains a whole new meaning
Its like saying that if a parent gives soda to their kid on their birthday because its a special day, then they would give it soda every weekend , and then every day and after that they would give them cigarettes on every birthday then every weekend then every day
It's easier to find a good AK47 in Crete, than to do all the needed regulations and buy a hunting rifle
What was the reason
>The wehrmacht were good actually and everything was the SS and hitlers fault
I'll take: Things I Didn't Expect to Hear Today for $500, Trebek.
A souvlaki
All I know from this guy is that I heard he got poisoned a while ago(?)
I, being myself a Greek, I can tell you with confidence that we are very proud of our history, yet ignorant for the most part of it
My friends watched it dubbed and the florist has a stereotypical italian accent in Greek, along with a very flamboyant type of speech which is just so foreign to me
Love back ️
I'm guessing all that copper, gold, and diamonds won't be finding their way back though.
Wasn't pro-trump a white movement too?
Greek cuisine too isn't very similar to any other European country
I want to vote for a part that is against the idea of "open borders" or whatever is trendy this time, but the only one we have is literally Golden Dawn (and they are not even far right, they are legit fascists so there is no way I am voting for them).
Someone was advertising german lessons on the Berlin metro
Also, it's not as if the german economy hasn't benefitted from the economic climate during the crisis and the state of the greek economy.
- visit greek islands
I come from kalamata but live in Athens
I wasn't aware John Cena had built a Church
Yes, There will be an economic backlash from China but if we have a unanimous stance on the issue that backlash will be an duble edge short for them
In all my life I've never encountered a mountain road that didn't lead to a village
It's widely considered as a must-do thing here as a lot of young people travel abroad to make a living and sometimes come back to have a comfortable life here
They'll eventually tell'em that.
Mostly people who cooperated with nazis
Six people have been arrested in the Greek capital after a group of anarchists started throwing rocks and Molotov cocktails following an **anti-capitalism protest**
I keep a backup save file on a usb stick also, it is nice knowing my passwords can't get hacked(at least I hope).
They also used the most cruel form of waterboarding.
Τελεταί Μπούκουρας
I guess I just wish we would learn more about what happened after the collapse of the Eastern Roman Empire
Making it the capital draws people
See how easy it is to blame the common Greek for not paying taxes?
Λαχανοντολμάδες αυγολέμονο με πατάτες τηγανητές/Lahanontolmades avgolemono me patates tiganites
Γιατί = why
Bye bye Santorini
Nai auto na doume sth roumania pou eixa paei eixe is grhgorh
If you were to move your country's capital, which city would you choose
You would see a different map
They are forcing the rest of Canada to speak a second language, they themselves don't speak English ( don't tell me they speak i am Canadian myself and i know they refuse to do it ) etc.
I would be very surprised if even 1% of my countryman knew how it's played
Our cities are so ugly, it gets depressing
Didn’t like his book either
I remember i tasted a bit of alcohol in the past and i didn't liked it
I hope we're still talking olives here...
undskyld men NEJ
Meteora in Thessaly
did they build multicultural towns?
- Lesvos island: It's one of the biggest producing areas of olive oil in Greece, it has a varied and extremely tasty cuisine based on local ingredients and it is also the home of ouzo
in case you want to buy something
a greek that doesn't like souvlaki
Excuse me I'ma go scream into a pillow real quick
That seems very nice
as a fan of coke, I confirm it's the shit
So far here in Greece lower temperatures than normal in end july with 33 to 35
I remember waiting in line to buy gelato with my friends and commenting how good looking the guy in front of us was
In Greek there are different forms of the singular of a word actually, and I'm not a linguistics expert so I don't really know how to explain it well,
What about Turkey
Another example: How is Denmark Northern Europe but Baltics Central Europe ? Latvia and Estonia are more northern than Denmark and Lithuania is as Northern as Denmark, they should have been Northern Europe
That also happens in Greece, but mainly we learn through private tutoring or cram school ([Frontistirio] Does that happen in other countries too or do you study English only in school?
They didnt turn that to a movie , though :(
You are right
Most of the times the locations and the action that took place are correct, it's when the monsters, God's and  heroes appear when the myth part kicks in ;)
Edit: let me help  [
Must be kind of awkward now, although EU still needs to reform and be more open and push for investments to boost youth employment, otherwise Brexit people might end up being right
Beautiful landscape
Europe consists of many different countries and cultures that have been in war far longer that they have been in peace
Bars/cafes that had very often a "broken" card reader
saying some common expression of ones language doesn't make him/her religious, there are many words and expressions that have roots in the various religions of the world that doesn't mean they are used religiously, it's empty words like thoughts and prayers etc
>Do you have something similar in southern Europe
I'm gonna chip in for Greece, let's see:
When it comes to economy you're absolutely right my friend.
* Gold -  Chrysos
Directed media coverage usually gets the ball rolling after that by blowing everything out of proportion.
I have taken the train from London to Paris before though
The rest of the parties didn't manage to get over 3% to enter the parliament and they got 8
As a Greek I have always been fascinated by Indian culture and history.
We are at a point now where it's like a prisoners dilemma in game theory
Green: Modern Greek
I guess our personalities kinda match
And they also deny a genocide they committed
In the south, like Crete, it basically just doesn't snow, ever
Map showing the homeland of every character in Homer’s Iliad
Germany and Belgium were looking nice
Even parenthesis that the guys are talking about in that other comment
puzza = something like "you smell",
That's kinda true, many Turks have Bosnian and Bulgarian descent, generally Slavic
Did we took care of their children during their war?
True, but i doubt anyone in Europe will be willing to invest that much on renewable energy on a country that's the furthest away from the EU, economically and geographically.
It could have double meaning
Private clinics don't cost the taxpayer money and they still provide healthcare, sometimes with better quality.
I left my food on my plate to upvote this
Italian: Grazie
They had a great product of fresh fish and they ruined it with butter, spices and peppers
Greeks tend to buy pieces of furniture  here and there but I don't know anyone that has furnished his whole house from IKEA
Η Σελήνη (The Moon) feminine
[Ένα το Χελιδόνι by Mikis Theodorakis]
>I personally like him since he criticed the asia minor campaign
I feel you, I am very pale and get sunburnt straight away
But the average person who does an average job here  doesn't have a sufficient disposable income
Are they kidding us
Ok not exactly weird, but I find this funny af
>[Dschinghis Khan - Dschinghis Khan (1979)]
Idk bout Greece in general but in Thessaloniki we say that the metro was late
so I guess this picture is only 99% Greek :p (good enough for this ol' cramped arm though)
We do the opposite
Same here
- Everything takes too much time to be done
Based on preconceived notions of how a southern european country is supposed to behave, as opposed to a rich northern one, then sure.
Albania, Serbia, BiH & Montenegro
Yes, but the difference is that Bernie has actually led a life of protest and activism and Farage is being Trump's pet.
Greek cities lack green
So you don't name your kid Ελαίνη (Eleni) because it makes no sense, you name her Ελένη.
There’s a hidden nice in the phone
They typically defend it by ignoring all the stupid things Trump says and say "But he's a great businessman, how else did he get so rich
We have lots of mountains, people
I'm not for jailing people but until they decide to identify themselves they should be monitored and have limited movement options.
You guys do a much better job than us at preserving your past and incorporating it into the present
Spelling is a nightmare largely because of 3000+ years of linguistic baggage:
Yeah, I was there last week
I'll leave this here
Hilarious to say in combination with my flair, I know, but It's still true
I had wrote something funny about my classmates being lobotomized etc
professor* Our english suck big time!!!
The letter
Oh yea, far better than the "ways to divide the country" or those shit
We are southern Europe, plus Balkans!
This comment makes images of face-lifted neon-drenched 106s and fake Adidas pop up in my head like PTSD
I'm expecting the order to turn in my passport any day now
Recreational use every once in a while is very common with people in my age group (mid-20s)
Here the guy admitted to his crime.
You said American and mentioned Breitbard without even validating.
They were tried for running a criminal organization in order to commit crimes
During the recent stuff in crimea manyof them tried to get greek passports too
Also, saying that it was Greek kinda misses the point that the Illyrians were using these types of helmets as the Greeks were the most technologically advanced (''the most civilized'')
34 died on ontake but i think that video was on a surviving member
No pyro no party
you are not all ears, you don't care to listen, you want to end an argument.
How does one just happen to have his hand in a fucking nazi salute
It's the same comment thread if you wanna have a look
I'm not going to get into the countless flaws the Ottoman Empire had.
aaaaww you gona ruin his peace loving soft spoken wise man image :'(
You forgot Alexis Tsipras
Are they against it
we let the lesser teams have their fair chance to glory
Sorry
Can we fit one last landscape flag in there before we close for today?
They didn't give two shits about the problems that this could cause to everyone else in the union
No moving octopuses here, I find that disgusting too
But any way I say it, I have the best excuse “it’s Greek and that’s how we pronounce it ”
Yes, that's it
I'll piggy back on this one
It's fair, but like why keep staring throughout our stay at the cafe (?), it didn't seem we were bothering anyone
BTW I would love to go to your country, it seems very nice and you have a good quality of life
But sometimes I am thinking about going to  USA
31 is triáda-éna
The next 10-15 years in EU policy will be aimed at bringing together economic policy to have a more unified approach, things like a Banking Union and an EU appointed Finance Minister will likely be coming within the next few years.
10\^9 = δυσεκατομμύρια
Happy Birthday Balkan bros
Is anyone going to visit Greece this summer?
So you deny that Asia Minor has been the home of the Greeks for thousands of years while Turks have been living there for only a few centuries?
Looking at Turkey, this map didn't age well at all :')
Perfectly Warm: 24°C -- 29°C
\- Georgios Papadopoulos (leader of the Junta Regime, 1967-1974)
Also most of the near east
People hamstering food and never leaving anything on their plate
Something that comes to my mind is the name "Europe".
Greece is just chilling in the corner farming olives and cheese and being drunk
In Greece tho these roads are for cyclers
Its not that the change is necessarily bad, it's that out of ALL the millions of people in Turkey you chose Dictatorgan to rule until 2029.
I thought that they said "Murica" before I read your comment
It is literally just a monstrous collection of modern ugly buildings that have been built next to the remnants of the ancient city and span between the four mountains
tostaki
Ok, I'll do my part for Greece even tho I am not the best person for it as I am not religious
Once again the so called "anti-fascist" are trying to play victims
Thus, I don't think being an Atheist causes any problems to most of them
Turkey: Thousands protest against proposed child sex law - BBC News
Yeah, it's not a laughing matter
&#x200B;
but i've also come across swiss, Belgian French quite a few times
I had it in mind but I'm not really sure which modern country they represent
Because the whole Macedonia issue *is* a walk in the park compared to what Serbs did in the 90s.
It's his prerogative to do that.
Θα σε λουσω με την οργη μου και θα πνιγεις μεσα της.
m) appartment for 370k euros
Why must you hurt me this way
Can't they be absorbed by let's say the CHP as a party faction ?
But wait, wouldn't be christianized by the Latin Church mean that they would have been converted to Catholicism?
We have 40 parties but  only 6 of them are in the parliament
Also it write some other stuff like the authority which gave the ID , the ID number and the signature of the owner of the ID
And they think they are fighting the system by voting leave.
When you're going out: Take a jacket with you
Also rain can happen at any time irrelevant of the time of year!
That means that the party leadership is for the reform but their supporters are not?
Hahahaha
It is legal to change it at 15, but there's a with therapist and huge paperwork
Very unique comedy
So now, in the Athens Metro, all trains are running every 7 minutes in peak time and every 10 minutes during non-busy hours
For some reason I'd never made the connection with ουρά before
Well fuck
Take this word for example,
[This] came to mind
Or we say "tell me"
" Maybe people who have issues with their mentality
It's his own reporting of his worth.
Brexiters: The EU is an evil union and leaving is the will of the people, you must respect it!
I just sat here trying to point out every country on the map like an idiot
We have German friends that lend us money
oh boo hoo tell me where I'm wrong
Who knows how many calories, but they do add nice healthy  peppers as a veggie
The issue isn't that you can't be OK without the EU
Dude
(sorry, I could resit)
Is it common in Netherlands to steal bikes
Konstantinos->Kotsos
So the prof literally said "Bon" (which I think is good in French
I am wondering ...how many of you love drinking milk
(I don't know if it helps - it helps *me* though)
We also diss each other a lot for the different words we use, such as the souvlaki/kalamaki dispute
I dont think she ll pay that much.
elated I spent my year in Glasgow
Yeap
I mean, over here theologists have managed to perfectly reconcile Genesis with evolution and, if anything, we are taught about the theory of evolution in religious classes long before we are taught about it in biology.
They are leaving for university . Also there you are getting some money for renting when you are a student
Alexander the Great
Yes and yes
I prefer to stick to concrete facts instead of making assumptions.
I guess Thessaloniki, because it's the second biggest city  but it's far too north or Patra because it's the third  biggest city and it's a nice city and it would also be nice to boost it it up .
I'm just used to setting everything to english, also I think acoustically greek is only for comedies
You really missed the chance to title this From Paris with love
It must be Albanian - I never thought about it
I agree 100%
1 ένα (ena)
gLoBaL waRmING iS  A hOaX
I dont think it was just the circumstances.
I am very curious to know
So maybe we can design  it all flat and then add some hills, mountains etc
There are some letters in common,  but there are also many different letters
One shouldn't miss apaki (smoked fine pork cut seasoned with herbs), dacos salad (the tomatoes of the island are some of the most fragrant and sweetest ones), fresh local greens, hohlioi boubouristoi (pan fried snails with rosemary), goat dishes, the vinegar-y sausages and the local mini pies
Γιατί μάχεσαι; = Why are you fighting
Practically not that useful, but neither is Elizabeth
This should not happen
We managed to kick Italy's ass, then the Germans came and helped them but then we helped the Italians when we changed sides
Surely there are better nightlife and beaches closer to Istanbul
The queen paid him a visit and asked him why is he doing this and paraphrasingly he answered "that's the life I'm used to and I don't need anything else".
I live in Thessaloniki, a city of one million.
Speaking as many languages as possible is a huge skill nowadays
just for r/europe
For the glory of Hellas
Weren't Cyrill and Method Byzantines
Isn't the president of Romania of fully German descent?
I'll piggy back on yours since it's about Greek
Maybe chicken soup (με αυγολέμονο, δε ξέρω αν έχουμε και άλλη), or spaghetti bolognese
While the only eating potatoes is obviously BS and famine jokes are shitty to say the least
It must be said though that the drowned child, Aylan afaik, was washed up on turkish coasts, originally going for Greece, not Italy.
There are those who refuse to speak English but there are many who do speak English.
It really bothers me though cos I don't want to - and, frankly, don't need to - carry much wait on my back daily since I already have spinal problems
Just a dirty bunch of white, graffiti-stained concrete
same on french
And then I get here and it's gone full puritan.
That'd be scary dude
also bare in mind most people can tell from a mile away that you're from the US, i live in a coastal city and i like to guess where foreigners are from in the summer cause they all stick out like shore thumb
The only way this would work is Greece developing as a logistics hub connecting Europe to Africa and Asia
I don't know a single Greek that doesn't have a relative that hasn't faced racism in Germany and German tourists are seen as the most disrespectful (although that could be confirmation bias, I've noticed it as well)
Our church is bitching all the time about the new civil marriage law that alllows homosexual couples to get married.
Oh BTW Mousaka is a seasonal food since you need eggplants to make it (that is to make it good) and fresh eggplants are not available throughout the year
It is no one's business what you do if it doesn't hurt anyone in any way, and no one should have a reason to shame you for it
My experience in the US (Texas) was that people were considering different churches because they had better gym membership, daycare, zoos, aquarium, barbecues etc
I hope that you had a nice experience here ;)
You should, since you liked it so
Hmm nice phrase
Nobody seriously listens to teenagers tho so
Can't we start somewhere
The word ιδού (eethoo) cannot be directly translated
Contrary to most of the north european answers, I would say people in Greece are closer to the anglophone understanding of those phrases
As I recall England and France were enemies of Germany when the war broke
Something like in USA, maybe even worse, but nobody gives a shit because we are a small country
We say εικοσιτετράωρο which literally means "24houred" more or less
The moment this is announced, GBP/USD is going to drop hundreds of pips, daytraders are going to make some nice money off this.
Also, Greece is mostly mountains, plains full of rocks where no tree can grow and sandy beaches
It's just that I can't even make myself picture a sheep's head on a plate
Israel is one of the biggest tech hubs on Earth .
I think yes but it depends on the age, I think that after elementary school kids walk alone to school , but also many kids walk alone before that, I guess it depends on the family and on the area
The other is Black & Decker the word has deteriorated to blackedecker and it means [those] handheld drills though i've noticed that that is slowly dissapearing
Me when my KDR is above 5 in Call of Duty
Also some people might want to combine alcohol like wine with their meals
You can drop the kids of to a party and pick them up later but also a lot of parents might stay and socialize with the other parents
It's not that internet news here are so different but I would never trust greek TV
Probably because the rest of the world doesn't already have a Macedonia province within their borders.
I'm not quite sure this was an Islamic fundamentalism related attack, method is totally different
For Athens I would definitely say off the top of my head:
Planning on moving to Spain or maybe a Latin American country
In game video starts from 6 min.
And the last thing the Greek people wanted or needed was  the return of a de-frocked monarchy backed by Nazi collaborators
Tbh every entry after 2014 is just a waste of resources
(Since some Germans are speaking about Swiss German) I can understand Cypriot Greek when I read it, but not when I hear it
Our first king was Otto of Bavaria
Not yet, but it might change, as there are many technologies currently being developed/tested.
You did nothing to say what was wrong in exactly what he said.
Apparently that's because someone in their family did a pilgrimage to the Holy lands, Hadj being the Muslim equivalent that got used probably cause of Turkish influence
What's it like living somewhere where the population is rapidly decreasing
It is a very dark page in Greek history and it is *very* divisive even today
The Greek word φιλότιμο (philótimo)
Having money
Sit on *your* eggs : Mind your own business
The name comes from the word ''upside down'' (anapoda) which is in podana itself
But seriously, I doubt that people here actually said "yeah, we're trustworthy"
Even in middle schools and high schools
most far right parties i know, are "Russia is best country ever" parties.
Then there are 2 small companies that (thank the flying spaghetti monster) started putting their own fiber network for ftth in my city and area
They were highwaymen and brigands that mainly existed in the more mountainous areas around Greece were the Ottoman empire held limited control
Anyone from countries that didn't participate in the eastern front or even in the second world war, oh and Lithuania:
If you have been listening beyond what the mainstream media in US and especially Europe were broadcasting (Euro media mainly parroted CNN), you would know that trump had indeed a loyal and enthusiastic support.
They exist and have always been fairly popular
Not wrong per se
I think it was so over hyped by the people I was traveling with that I was disappointed when I went there
There was tons of trade between city states at the time
This map displays the warmest temperatures
Has EU budget ever included some money focusing on helping europeans with housing
Ευχαριστω παρά πολυ
Also ["Το Ζεϊμπέκικο της Ευδοκίας"]
It means "the Germans are our friends" As a reference to traitors in ww2 and it's used when someone snitches on you
Probably, but UK-bro's got our back.
isn't that kinda the point of the government
no but he has made an election postmortem:
Cause they invented your alphabet based on the Greek one
People who think that you are still nazis are hypocrites or just dumb or just extremely uninformed and out of touch with reality
What a nice thing to do, I hope the comments have nothing cringe to say or virtue signal about
But it's not
First time I'm reading this tbh
Happy birthday
i hope you have a screenshot cause i get a error 503 from your link
ive seen so many thoughts and opinions on what pencil does, but the whole point of the game is that each "thing" beats one and loses to another
You're lucky to be native french, it's a beautiful language and I wish I didn't have to painstakingly slowly learn it and could **just** know it hahaha
May I learn the reason you ask
You got the white, you good
Or halázslé
Not really but sure
You get pension when you are 67 yo
And now we have probes all over space now
I am not saying of course that financial exclusion is not bad, hell, I am a victim of it too so I know what it's like
And keep staring until they get creeped out and leave
I like how at first I didn't notice the Greek borders
Fun fact: There's no way to differenciate between "nt" and "d" or "mp" and "b" in greek writing and I think greeks generally have a terrible ear for discriminating between certain consonant sounds
Tasks for tomorrow:
History and stuff
I'm sure that BBC and AP are not supposed to decide who is president elect, so what is the official body that does this and when should we expect the outcome
Huh, this is the article I consulted, which comes down pretty strongly in favour of lo/gli for W words
Younger generations are slightly different
I am shook
(Curly) hairs
next day, on twitter "seen the violence with my own eyes.
That's true lol
*Β Ι Ο Λ Ο Γ Ι Α*
This is not a country ranking, it's a passport power ranking
I don't think I've ever tried a soup that I didn't like
According to wiki Argos seems to have been inhabited continuously for the past 7000 years which would make it probably older than the Minoan civilization
it is the fact that is a campaign to turn Erdogan into a dictator that is enraging people.
In older generations, women would celebrate their daughters' first periods and they would give them all the advice they have on pregnancy and labor when they were with child
Ναι και όχι
Seems fair
You might want to keep that in mind before playing the victim.
As if a trash collecting truck exploded in there
The US won't hold a referendum on NAFTA or NATO or the UN.
Since I'm Greek, I guess getting ready for the revolution
Also
“Oh look some pretty text” when you look it from afar, makes you head explode when you try to read it
So this is why everyone kept trying to invade it, they knew it was too powerful to be left alive
Then there are 2 small companies that (thank the flying spaghetti monster) started putting their own fiber network for ftth in my city and area
Athens/Piraeus here, absolutely no necessity
If cafes count, then definitely this hard rock cafe at municipality of Athens
2nd: 330AC \~ 1453AC
get trump back in his senses eventually
In Greece universities are free, which in addition to the low prices here, make a good country to study
Dank
defaulted in 1932 and had its debt relieved in 1953.
Sure, you chip in X million according to your GDP, but you're also eligible for funding, and there was lots of it
Pros:Good Weather,Very good people,nice night life,fking amazing food
I suspect that, if there was a magical way to nuke Greece safely from orbit and keep the radioactive fallout from spreading outside its borders, the majority of EU governments would be cool with that.
or social events
I don't know what it is
Haha we didn't have many other kids around but we would fight each other with anything we could throw
And honourable mention my country Greece
That said, I'm glad that it was a pleasant experience for you :)
i don't mind using the Greek wikipedia but i prefer the English one cause it usually has more info and it's more unbiased
There is no influence by Ottomans in Greece.
I respect your opinion but please no
The modern Greek state was created by Ρωμιοί. We still call ourselves that
But not all people who live in such areas follow the dialect or the accent
What
2) There are so many words for about the same thing (παπάρα-papara, μαλάκα-malaka, καριόλη-karyoli, μουνόπανο-munopano all essentially mean asshole)
I can only think of the extra right
They did not call themselves antifa back then,but judging by the comments of the people here defending antifa,they are pretty much on the same ground as these
I would say the most famous song in terms how other countries know us is the sirtaki dance from the movie Zorba the Greek, which was composed by Mikis Theodorakis [
Yes, what sexually active teens need is more reasons to avoid going to the doctor if something feels wrong...
I can be against both,thank you
Thanks it's just that I noticed a few mistakes in my comments, but if you say it's fine then it is have a good one
Take about the geopolitical intentions of the participants
looks like a doom level
It’s insane
Lot's of love from Greece
Take your virtue signaling and shove it
I'm still an amateur as a German speaker but couldn't doch translate as "indeed"?
All kinds of freedoms were suppressed, and in the end no side you could say was satisfied with their rule, leftists least of all
All powers derive from the People and exist for the People and the Nation; they shall be exercised as specified by the Constitution
Oh yeah right lel
So I'd always ask if they speak English, and jf they said no, I'd speak some french and they'd reply using simple slow words so that i could understand
I think because he talks in long sentences that are really a series of short successive sentences.
It has reached legendary status.
Them love much
(11-14-17 yo)
Shall we take a moment and appreciate the 2 wonderful flags that OP (I presume
My favorite name for the city is Mikligarður in Icelandic which comes from the Old  Norse name that Vikings used for the city
Spoken like a true Greek
But the coast of Asia minor as well as Cyprus would be much more possible
Metaxas would like to join the Axis, but only as a subject of Nazi Germany, not Italy.
I like how phallic this thread is.
that is a good sign for an albanian road, it would be also useful to uk
He is taught in high school lit class as a precursor to Dionysios Solomos.
Their langu is the 2nd most dif in europe (or the world im not sure xD) and it is not an indo-european .Hungarians aren't considered europeans.Their country was big during the middle medieval period.
I agree with him but his reasoning isn't entirelly correct
(coup d'etat)
(It was also done in Russia I think, and the commemorated them with a huge cat statue
When Russian winter invades you instead
You can joke about it
Tips are considered a form of solidarity to a shitty financial situation
Well kind of the opposite but Athens is considered by almost If not all Greeks the ugliest city in Greece
( Linera for anyone curious )
That schism proved to be fatal for Greece/the Byzantine Empire in the long term.
the electricity bill), I don't quite remember what the tax's name is
> Asuracenturix
The Dutch and Belgian ones look the same
The surveillance today is scarier than even in 1984.
You're being downvoted because 3 attacks within a week with two beheadings fuelled by the fact that someone drew a fucking sketch, apparently doesn't consist an attack on values for you
Otherwise, we delude ourselves that we 've convinced people just because we have silenced them.
There are 3 different names for Greeks
It's not like we don't have politicians acting like that here in Europe too
To be "between Scylla and Charybdis" therefore means to be presented with two opposite dangers, the task being to find a route that avoids both
Everyone's fekked, that's my reaction
It's easier than Hungarian , but few people who aren't from Greece speaking it and few people would dedicate time to learn it, just to participate in an Erasmus program in Greece
γεια σου βρε αντρα φυσφιρή πού χεις μια πούτσα σαν σφυρί
Another Turkish post irrelevant to Europe
Usually only supermarkets give 1c, 2c and 5c change if you pay cash
It's a great place to go camping, 100% weed friendly and generally the atmosphere is very laid-back and relaxed.
I find it rather interesting that most comments say that it's not popular in their country but if you search about it on their country's Alexa page it's usually on the first or second page there.
When it came to Turkey a Cypriot colleague of ours expressed the opinion that she could never ever see a Turkish person this way, possibly never even as a friend
Well as a Greek I'm only angry about our own governments mate.
I think ill stick in the Aegean
Very interesting indeed, thank you for that mention.
I focus on the fact that capitalism saved my country, contrary to the balkan/eas.
Not everything is about money you know...
I think lately we share a much more common view on these events
The fact that the existence of unifying rules doesn't play such an important role at the formation of new language is clear from the fact that many newly evolved languages were created from language which actually had such rules
List of victims by far left terror group 17 N in Greece:
I cannot for the life of me fathom why recent Greek passports only have "Hellenic Republic" written in Greek on the cover
Katyusha, amongst other Russian songs
so I made a typo: started* instead of start
The big green spaces in the city that are found in England
The movement of change is a party that creates when pasok and some other minor parties decided to unite
I believe the worst native name from my country is probably "  Σεραφείμ "
That's an uneducated approach that fails to understand how knowledge is produced.
i love them because they all have some meaning behind them and most of them have some Ancient origin, for example
Hmm sounds good
I think that these people viewed as foreigners the latin Americans that  immigrated now to the country and they wanted to stop illegal immigration and illegal immigrants etc , but I think that they didn't have something specifically against them as an ethnic group, they said that it was only due to legal reasons
The Cyprus issue must finally be solved and that's the only way
A lot of cities retain their old names, idk why, but for Istanbul I think it's out of spite and/or sadness (lol, as if anyone alive knew it as Constantinople)
British people are also kinda distinguished
Some scottish do wear kilts during formal functions, that is true.
That's actually true, Kosovars were oppressed and wanted independence which they rightfully got, now I'm not saying that they were angels, UCK did some bad stuff but that doesn't change the fact that Serbs treated Kosovars like shit and actually committed worst atrocities.
It would start with moro mou and end with moro mou, atleast that's what most everyone under 45 would say
I wonder what the opposite side would look like
lmao
Enough with the graikos think it's been 199 years since Independence , I think that's enough time to forget that awful name
-How dare you have a lover, Virna
Its this stupid shit that causes the rise of racist parties in europe.
He is a centrist, maybe left-centrist by european standards.
Because when we take loans we also paid interests and we loose money
>it
We Greeks tend to live with our parents up until the day we move out to live with our SO (that's not the case for all Greeks, of course, but it's pretty common)
Maybe engelados is used sometimes metaphorically for something that causes earthquake for example χτύπημα του Εγκέλαδου or sometimes just Εγκέλαδος.
The Megareans wondered why this colony was built opposite the beautiful place and not in it, and they thought people who built it were obviously blind
In today's world every person is holding the ultimate spy device in their pockets(iphone/android/etc).
Bruh what is the cell
Black Sea, Iran and Iraq and their oil deposits, Germany getting a direct line to Japan through Suez, the neutrality of Turkey might have been at stake.
People in Greece are more well off than our neighbours, but poor compared to the rest of the EU
You're describing a communist regime.
I'm HUNGRY all of the time since yesterday, but it's well worth it
Personally I won't even turn on AC before 36-37
Deporting refugees is much more inhumane (and never will actually happen) and does nothing to deter smugglers.
Does the number in your username represent your age
Also on verified accounts of numerous German and international celebrities found on Wednesday morning news of identical Tweets in Turkish language with the Hashtags #Nazialmanya and #Nazihollanda.
I don’t see it as weird, it’s just a different way to cut your pizza
In my country I only have a small freezer to make ice cubes
I am not a lawyer, but I think the law is like that because young people do not understand their actions.
The US uses Turkey as a base for their operations against ISIS, Syria and potentially Iran.
It is a word describing immense beauty and the freedom of happiness
They won't do anything economic.
Not because I do not like it (never tried it), but because I was under the impression it didn't have many fans
>No one would say Athens is only 664,00 people or that Thessaloniki is 354,000
The problem is that students cannot interact with the professors in real time, so some professors host a q&a session once a week on Skype or Zoom
That doesn't sound that much different ethically than farming animals for meat tbh
That could mean a country has many small schools
Edit: it occurred to me that if you people have a problem with pointless flights we should just ground our airforce that pointlessly patrols the Aegean
This guy is such a piece of shit.
No, it wouldn't, but Galipso would work, as gali is ancient Greek for cat
I'm not aware how it works for other orthodox Christian churches, but for the Greek orthodox church, our equivalent is Saint Basil/Άγιος Βασίλης, that lives on Caesarea of Cappadocia, in Asia Minor (modern day Turkey)
I'm the one who usually cooks (I love cooking)
Fucking hell with the soup
If you're gonna eat souvlaki, for the love of God, eat it wrapped as it is, just hold it and bite it, don't open it up and use a fork and a knife
We like having our eyes full first and then the stomach
It reminds me of Greece pre- crisis
In the rest of the world it sounds comically untrue, but all the conspiracy theories Ergodan's system disseminates are only for internal consumption and believing them seems to be common there.
Reddit is not banned in turkey (i think).
Deltsev is not a well known personality in modern Greece, not sure why he was mentioned
I guess we want daddy usa on our case
Slave labor if you ask me
Once the economical crisis subsided they lost all possible support
As much as I disdain such action , this logic is one step away from believing people are born evil.
For example ",Hey patrioti have you have been
Coincidence
The Greeks are the main successors of the empire of Alexander, even if it last 5 minutes
How do you feel about this thread and all these Europeans (including me) who like drinking milk
Edit; And Ireland as well
I'd say around 7, but we also carry, however, some notebooks and miscellaneous stuff like phone and keys
We are many
\*Cries in Greek\*
Cold milk is just so refreshing
My thoughts in the Beirut blast
“Yet another victory for atheism,” he said, looking at his family members who were stricken with faces of horror
But there is so much more than that.
If you ask humble people who know their stuff they'll tell you so
I paid 0 euros for my degree and I got 52 books for free (one per course)
One theory might be that we don't have to punctuate our letters any longer.
In a couple of month we may visit with Drachmas instead of Euros.
I love both countries but I am planning to move to Netherlands or Sweden due to better education and job opportunities
For the entire church
You guys certainly are a southern country
I looked up the etymology, apparently it's from "Alla burla" or "Alla burlesca" in Italian and means "as a joke". Also we say akatalavistika (ακαταλαβίστικα) which means "non-understandable-ese"
They can just use the pronoun "they" when the gender isn't specified
So i don't think we are in much danger because of /the_donald or breitbart.
Hey
Sorry if my banana republic comment (for the TRNC) hurt your feelings, I understand that given your country's situation the past few years this must be strucking a chord
Hey dont talk like that for our national hobby
The differences aren't *really* that many
And they say he was born in Izmir
So when I tried to access my account from my desk, I couldn't get in
In my school it was kinda fun because my religious teacher was progressive  and open minded , and there were a lot of debates during the class , usually between kids and the teachers
Not even in universities, which are supposed to accept and encourage foreign students
Nobody likes people getting wasted on alcohol
Pretty much every video game translated in greek was horrendous
This whole map could have been yellow.
This is a very interesting case in Greece, because there never really were any mass trials for Nazi collaborators
We use /x/ or /ç/ while "he" uses /h/ which is a completely different sound
All other trips I have done have all been by plane
And greek economy was and still is extremely dependent on euro liquidity and EU subsidies.
/r/MapsWithoutCyclades
(Now it dropped to 6th BTW, it was 3rd a few time ago)
34 τριάντα τέσσερα (trianta tessera)
whoever happens to be standing where they randomly threw their molotovs.
Best time of my life
I agree it seems to be a cultural difference
This definitely surprised me too
But that was not a sustainable way of life
We say "were you born on a boat
I know, it would be great but Greece doesn't seem to be the center of attention when it comes to investments, nor do we have a state that favours them (bureaucracy etc
No, Spain/Denmark whoever else has them right now can keep em.
Every
Also, you learn to have eaten before you drink and basically use booze occasionally within context
Most definitely
It's the greatest EU in the world!
Shouldn't you be telling us what exactly you want to study, where do you come from, what is your economic background, how old you are and what experience you have on (desired study subject) in order to get actual help?
Sunday school failed me, that's for sure lol
Yeah !!! Milk for life
The more heartbreaking part is the tendecy of association between government and people
I do agree, it's not going to happen.
I wish that happened with all of downtown Athens
We have many "Saint X" villages
I haven't seen any for almost 3 weeks now
Ελεος με το γλειψιμο πια και την καραμελα οτι οι Ελληνες ειναι οι κακοι της υποθεσης που κατηγορουν αδικα την αθωα ΕΕ που δε μας εκανε ποτε τιποτα. Σε αλλη χωρα ζεις ή ζεις τελειως στον κοσμο σου και δεν εχεις καταλαβει τι εχει γινει την τελευταια δεκαετια?
either they become more european or they will continue this spiraling down trajectory to a civil war
Call me a party pooper, but I think this meme needs to die.
It's not the most popular method but I know people who do it during the winter
I love that episode, watched it so many times as a kid
Without the pencil, all options have 1/3 chance to win, 1/3 chance to fail and one 1/3 chance for a tie
Actualy I have never met one in my life.
The majority of the cities on the coast ( Bodrum, Izmir ) were built by Greeks and were inhabited by Greeks and Jews.
Year 4: History - Ancient Greece (Geometric Period, Archaic Period, Classical Period, Hellenistic Period)
Boris is a joke , but eurocrats shouldn't pretend that they have some high moral ground.
What did you enjoy most about the relationship
[Donald Tusk‏ on Twitter, 2hrs ago
What we eat day-to-day isn't nearly as elaborate as dolamades, for example
It's a bit difficult to swallow when you look at countries like Romania.
I can't see the image
italian:
As far as auto accidents go, the worst, involved a [bus full of teenagers] returning to their homes from a 3 days school trip and a lorry that was illegally carrying [novopan] Many factors where involved, all of them due to human errors and greed
We're gonna need some aloe vera here
Egg => αυγό or αβγό
Thessaloniki and rural Macedonia have issues with localism,feeling "neglected" and blaming everything on Athens
In Athens, it is called kalamaki (which also means plastic straw everywhere in Greece) and in Thessaloniki; souvlaki
But thank you very very much
the oracle
Pittella: S&D calls for a positive decision from Eurogroup on bailout and debt relief for Greece
I believe when someone thinks of Greece, he thinks about Acropolis-Santorini-Mykonos
Our most overhyped and expensive island, for no apparent reason
BTW is it compulsory there
-Uh
Probably when I tried to intervene when an inspector was bullying an 18 year old boy for having forgotten his train card and I managed to annoy him enough and waste his time to give him a pass
It's considered a necessity/essential product so it's price is fixed
Greece might be a shithole right now but there is no way I would leave for the US  because of the quality of life
And he's down with the youth too
Then a bunch of shit happened, that will make this text too long, but Turkey proceeded with a second invasion with the only purpose of grabbing land
- 100s Common (koine) Greek of Roman period I can understand fairly well at times, I've tried to read parts of the Bible in it
You are not welcome in this continent any more, pick up your country and go to another.
Me looking at Greece first
First of all, you're such a dumbass that you created this account just to answer to me
Oh, what a *terrible* heatwave /s.
I cant tell you a number, but I've seen a lot of Albanian, Bulgarian and bizarrely French license plates here
Don't fool yourselves from geography, Greece's five biggest cities are in blue areas
In Greek it is a hair and a rope
also you have to clarify that Ξ makes a X sound
In modern Greek as I mentioned is used only for king
", by the way)
Jail can be a dangerous place for them, you know
Oh now i understand, love means debt in German anyway but thanks I'll pass
Get in patrioti, we are taking Motherland back
Despite that, you can't deny that it's an explosion of art and history
Erdogan the immortal himself fired the cannons, I am sure you will be learning that in your schools soon.
It's 5°C then the next day it might be 21°C then 6°C. What is this madness
Also us smaller countries don't have the same air and sound pollution compared to other bigger cities
As for the rest, you can send them an email and pray they reply (Greek university professors are notorious for avoiding questions from students)
Me too
Στου διαόλου το κέρατο - At the devil's horn
Fellow Greek
"The lobster" and "voyage to Cythera" for Greece
I am glad taxing US corporations makes nationalist headlines in the Netherlands, but the same cannot be said about supporting Greeks in border disputes, or Italians in immigration issues
To me means nothing that I am Greek.
Well this is why i made the following case:
We have some problems with neighbours that are pretty much justified (Turkey being an eternal bully, North Macedonia plagiarising an important part of greek history etc
rhetoric
Yeah the EU would be pretty great for me
00€/month
The sides of the strait were within an arrow-shot of each other, and sailors attempting to avoid one of them would come in reach of the other
As you can imagine none of these were particularly fun for communists and left wing politicians
But nowadays we have quite developed nations and others that live in the middle ages.
Oh I haven't heard of that one but by its definition I can tell you Μουνόδουλος is a combination of pussywhipped and simp
But they not loving [each other]
And I'm talking about the conflicts with the Kurd population on the Southeastern part of Turkey.
How the hell is this Polish peoples fault always?
Doesn't that make it more unappealing for the students
The Balkans and Russia
You just go at the bus stop and hope for the best
yes, but I suppose article is trying to be neutral.
As a female, I still don't mind, but I can see why it would bother some people.
Bielefeld doesn't exist ;p
Well yes, but we sum it all up in a 5min broadcast, cause  otherwise our politicians wouldn't get any TV time to tell their own awkward, stupid, outrageous BS
There might be more I'll update this once I get home and have mine
Meanwhile those that I see smoking all day around me will be the "but they lived to be 110" exceptions.
That said i'm not actually consuming as many of them as i used too at some point in my life
Even the imf says to calm the fuck down.
Well I prefer mayo for fries too but I meant, like, fries are the only food that should ever be acceptably eaten with ketchup
Our ancestors, soldiers and civilians both fought bravely to defend our land and however they have suffered, we feel very proud of them
392 per year (unlike undergraduate degrees, masters aren’t subject to a fee cap ), and it is so common nowadays that it is the norm, not the exception
You could try asking r/Greek or even r/Greece for a good answer
This year (I guess because of covid) they built a couple of lanes but no one use them since it's impossible to magically appear there with a bike out of nowhere
Yea, just like u/FlmSavage said it's not popular at all anymore
I would totally recommend "Blueprint for Armageddon". A series of 6 podcast episodes by Dan Carlin
Unironically speaking, would water masks protect you from pepper spray, given that they cover both your eyes and nose completely
I personally live in Europe while my brother is stuck in the US (i left just before the virus, and funnily enough the first case in my state happened in the university i was going to lol)
We call Belarus Λευκορωσσία which translates to White Russia,
I was just enjoying the view..?
:D was I being agressive in my previous comment?
: Nonsense
It's just a piece of paper covered in plastic
I bet they have a huge sign with the town name facing towards the German border.
How common is Russian language in Finland
Spanish, because it's sounds good, I like Spanish culture, it's a language that it's spoken by a lot of countries and it can help me to learn Italian and Portuguese
Formaela
Really sad
You made me want to sit at that table with the green beans, the bread, the cheese, and just slowly sip my wine
ο καθένας με τον πόνο του (each one with their pain/issue) - when someone talks about something and a lot of people follow it up with things that deviate from the original topic/meaning
No reason to pull petty things like this.
Spot on
the best equivalent I can find is communalist
North Greece, we went to the Royal Macedonian tombs at Aiges, basically small hills that covered fancy burial places, got to see the bones, ceremonial armour and gold of Phillip II which was pretty dope
My team had a U-15 basketball game against Olympiacos cancelled because things got chippy and the officiating was questionable, so a bunch of ultras came out of nowhere, threw flares and some of them stormed the court and started beating the referee and chasing the players
Greece was economically left wing in the 80s early 90s, then from the end of that decade, even center left goverments started implementing more conservative policies (the way and effect they did that is another discussion).
The populist opinion here is that everyone is a bit corrupted and there are many former and current politicians that divide the masses and are very hated but also very loved by the people
I love so much that the cat is on her lap
Not sure if that made any sense but you (hopefully) get my point
Technically the legal age is 17 but everyone says fuck that and starts drinking at 14
Total BS
Thanks a bunch for the link,i just finished watching it,really frightening/enlightening.
We saw how creating a unitary, single, multinational state worked out with Yugoslavia.
You are right
Meanwhile, with the recent garbage men strikes, you need to know someone from above in order to become one
is it dark and smell like a sewer where your head is right now?
A Cypriot friend of mine (Panayiotis) told me he knew a Cypriot man whose nickname was "Navos".  "Navos" as in short for "Ναβουχοδονόσορ" (Nebuchadnezzar)
&#x200B;
I paid 0 euros for my degree and I got 52 books for free (one per course)
Were they testing them
Cry me a river
[Cyprus]
obviously the EU doesn't want to fuck over Greece
So, the entirety of athens looks like a pile of ugliness because of those buildings
I can't answer on the Switzerland part as I have no view on how it affects Swiss people and how they feel about it
Can you say no to [this] ?
But when it has to do with big scale organized violence (war etc) yeah
She laid *two* eggs
The strongest country in the world (US) is one of the most multicultural societies in the world.
That is generally how revolutions roll out tho
I wouldn't mind at all
LOL
song-like
Im not that informed on the matter so if someone could tell me how long they stayed up there and if it was a decent amount of time, how were they fed and basically taken care of ?
I'm glad you guys are doing fine..
But yeah it's the party of Varoufakis
All of the downsides with none of the benefits
Basically the difference lies on a active/passive basis
You know, when Anatolians arrived in Greece from the population exchange they brought some of their customs here, like music and food.
Bit melodramatic much
You couldn't get to all of your students anyway, but a positive attitude is really helping out
BTW I think that there also people who dislike journalists who are not honest and objective
\*sips a cup of Remainers tears\*
The negative opinions about Germany make sense, but positive opinions about Greece?
If that bottle was fresh I might have liked but there was nothing in common with the first bottle I tried.
This was posted again a few months ago.
&#x200B;
There are some ~35k people however who are homeless, so that's how poverty looks like for the most poor people
Yeah I think thatere many good Greek profesors who have made accurate remarks about the anceint Greek pronounciation . I just said that Erasmian is closer to ancient Freek pronounciation (based on ancient sources) than the modern Greek pronounciation , based on academia (even in Greek universities) , not that it's perfect or better than other reconstructed accents based on ancient sources
Whole milk is the best
So on a given name's day you pop around from party to party hosted by all the people you know of the name being celebrated
Jesus Christ Poland
I don't even know where are you from.
That, I won't deny, though I will deny the fact that it is a result of bankrupcy on the people's moral faculties- for Greek culture has its flaws and advantages like all cultures, and it creates many a goods and ills we could spend all day discussing
After a trip to the Greek Aegean islands I left Edinburgh never to return
I looked it up, this shit's hilarious
But even there there LGBT community doesn't have a single opinion , they aren't a monolithic organization
Sadly, religion is a big part of our country
>Athens(664,046)
I'll have to go with Cyprus
Yes we do
By far
Debt
That's true I forgot about our great and mighty mountain tea hahah
I am one of many, and at your service!
The mainland is really mountainous and beautiful too.
Well my bad
Ο Ηλίος ( The Sun) male
One can only dream
This also prevents keyloggers(recording keyboard clicks).
> mafia
I countered that by pointing out that not every place is the same.
As a Greek I feel I am very close to the top
Quite different
There are great chances you will be vetoed.
Colorado greens and Stroopwaffels will be exactly like Amsterdam ;p
>Can you tell me some positive news from your country / region
The κομπολόι (beads string) is something that only old men use
If they discover a bone we'll finally find out if the albanian claim to be illyrian is true
All it takes for us to understand is a pretty power point from someone who knows this stuff, please
If they can't, I try to seemlessly switch to English
But if it is real and the CSTO responds
I can understand on the spot the French and Russian anthem and with a bit of try the Polish one
A lot of nationalistic idiots spewing their hatred in the comments
She has every right to be scared
If EU doesnt hold this stance , it will aggravate a member state, it will directly interfere in their internal politics about division and administration and it could probably lead into a domino effect
Yeah I think you're right
During WW1 and again during WW2, there was an attempt to create an [Autonomous Aromanian state] within the borders of Greece
And countering propaganda is the right thing to do.
On the back you have your name, your dads and moms name, date of birth, place of birth and height both in Greek and Latin letters
20 είκοσι (eikosi)
Its interesting the aviation industry to say least
Called it as soon as I saw "Illyrian" on the title that the thread would devolve into a Kosovo struggle session LMAO
Τζων μεϊντ χιζ γουέυ του ε τάβερν θρου δε ντάρκ φόρεστ, όουνλυ του φαϊντ άουτ δατ χη φοργκότ δε μάνυ
I am not sure if morality matters here all that much (again, leaving out all the genocide stuff, or else the conversation would have no point)
Greek Media : Look at Mitsotaki’s cat
another piece of clickbait garbage from yours trully the independent
Hurr mass murderers and criminals lesser evil if it was 1940 I would be killing Soviets with the Nazis
Let's say you have [this stud] in front of you for example
Άγγλος στα ραντεβού του/Ágglos sta rantevoú tou: Punctual as an Englishman
~ 200 but I buy some imported food too
Obviously you should be skeptical of the agenda of the video .
Obviously a savage if you don't, though
Hahahaha
While we’re at it you can give a huge chunk of land from your country back to the Albanians/Illyrians
I like the drape-y thing they did with the blue lights.
There is a really funny video compilation of attempts of hollywood to speak greek
Then the economic crisis happens, almost all of Pasok dies and goes to Syriza and then Tsipras make the same name deal with N.M. When the Simitis government was caught cooking the books for a decade using currency swaps, there were actually MP's from Pasok saying N.D. were traitors and stupid for telling the world about how Greece and Goldman Sachs were ripping everyone off for almost 30 years
So in your opinion Greek people should eternally suffer the consequences of our parents actions
In my opinion Greece is not at the Balkans too because only a northern part of Greece belongs geographically there.
Depending on their level, I either encourage or discourage it
After ww2, greeks starter building cheap, short (5-7 floors) and minimalistic (not the modern art way, but just plain concrete) houses, who were obviously built with practical reasons in mind and had appearance completely forgotten
I Also like Trikala because it's an  innovative and very well organised city, with very beautiful landscapes and it's also a soothing and peaceful place
A plausible answer
Ηγούμαι is the verb meaning "to lead" so ηγούμενος - ηγουμένη - ηγούμενο literaly means "the one who leads or is ahead".
Where are they from
This is more like "plz send tourist"
> Yeah, if they're loud and eating late, they're either portuguese, spanish or italian
that guy is a leading turd himself
Shit I also do the last one
I have a Citroen Saxo and I mean
How dare you D:
I don't even know if there are any in my city
Yeah but no matter what version of the family tree you look at, Ares does not have any rape or dubious consent myths
Meanwhile I'm sat here thinking, where could you get signs like that
Crete is
He probably lives on his own world, far away from what is happening...
I mean, take a look at the US
People who do not smoke
It is not recognized as a country by anyone other than Turkey
Billion (10\^9) is twice-million (δισεκατομμύριο/disekatomirio), trillion (10\^12) is thrice-million (τρισεκατομμύριο/trisekatomirio), and so forth
When I came to Italy, I already knew most of them
Let's put it simply: the Greek economy crisis cannot be blamed solely on a single part.
I love my anthem, its great and very patriotic
It means Monday coming sadness (Δευτέρα+ελθ+θλίψη) that's why I'm not using Sunday
I suppose the French released their POWs in 1940 (?)
Whole families are not talking to each other, because of it
But I guess it all has to do with each person's preferences
Yeah I thought Greek was rare, then had embarrassing conversation in public (in Greek obv) and found out about the 400,000
&#x200B;
yeah , we learn from past generation mistakes, me for exaple , i plan to migrate.
In Greece we sip Tsipouro or Raki out of them.
In addition to that I guess that the stereotypes that we have for each othet, which in most cases are false,  will be less dominant in a third country
\- Andreas Papandreou (another important politician, mid- to late 20th century)
I had to leave the country because I couldn't make it.
It's kinda idiotic to support the employees that boycott you
The problem is that larger corporations pay
Either because of a foul mood or because he wanted to play a mean prank, Pan used to terrify mortals who would roam in the wilderness
We know that some greek people from Peloponnese migrated to corsica.
I actually like Macedonians, I lived overseas for many years and I find that you have a very similar culture and sense of humour
There are efforts
* [Acropolis Museum] (2009)
in Greece we have 2 kinds of high schools the "Professional high school" aka EPAL (Epagkelmatiko Lykio) and the general high school aka GEL (Geniko Lykio) where on epal you choose a job you want and barely do any other subjects (for example if you want to be a mechanic there are engines there you can work on and actual good PCs) where you learn about programming and softwarer engineering
Courts in Greece work in extremely slow pace and it is typical after a trial to wait some time for the official result.
Also [this bad boi]
BTW You also have beautiful places that I would like to visit
Preparing to fight in the Great Revolution of 1821
i call it multicultural justice
Some islands have mascot animals, e.g. Mykonos IIRC traditionally has pelicans - the original was called Peter
I mean it's pretty obvious that many Greeks and general southern Europeans have that "Mediterranean tan" considering our climate.
The good thing is that I have only see such crazy things online
Umm
To me ouzo together with grilled octopus is the ultimate Greek summertime meal and it is also very popular around here
Depends on the logo, I can only speak for greece though
It's spoken in the north by a few people
If Nazi forces invaded first, we would be on the other side of history.
Nah, but anti- German sentiment is strong in small villages that suffered the atrocities of the Nazi
According to this story, Pan and his allies found himself trapped canyon with very few soldiers at his command
Sadly they were replaced in parliament with a snake oil salesman with more or less the same ideas but without being openly Nazi
That's the case for Netherlands or Sweden, not for Greece
They are genocide deniers as well (not that their opponents in Turkey aren't).
Greek-->English Auto-translation:
I just think that most people who use these words/phrased are usually from the southern states of America
Don't know why, but the first thing that I'd wish to try if I ever found myself in Alsace would be the region's wine
Erdogan has a referendum to win on April and by making external enemies he hopes to gather the nationalistic votes (grey wolves and the likes).
So u have chosen fart balls
I think that I know almost all US states and I can point some of them at the map
As anecdotal evidence, I don’t know anyone that has encountered aggressive stray dogs of any kind, they are friendly and want to be petted so they come up to you some times
You can get REALLY sick if you are exposed under the sun for many hours
I was reminded of the phrase "at the devil's mother" (στου διαόλου την μάνα - stou diaolou ti mana) by another redditor
Fuckin casuals
Georgios -> Giorgos
Been there in 2017
I guess France will go nazi now whit lepen.
Eine automatische Übersetzung würde wahrscheinlich zu seltsamen Ergebnissen führen
There's other places like Crete, Rhodes, Thessaloniki and the Peloponnese, which I find fascinating, but we don't learn a lot about their past either
I will say that during my time in Ireland I was definitely served A LOT of potatoes
Yes, I agree that many terrorists have embraced it
They rank pretty high on economic freedom, have no minimum wages, export like crazy, promote businesses etc.
I bet you stopped hearing about Greece in your TV news but over here things go from bad to worse.
We put the tens first
I feel the same way about Golden Dawn supporters
&#x200B;
If it is a willing to be the most powerful man in the free world that is a completely different subject.
This led to unpunished Greek Nazi collaboration, and many Greek Nazi sympathizers
I'll piggy back on this one
Well, I guess it may have been a very specific scenario, the one I heard about, as it the Mirrage came on only with established lock-ons on the F-16s, which may not just be enough in a real life case.
This is not an attack to Germany.
Just googled it found nothing about it being real or not
Same shit as you
Yeah, maybe, idk
So I'm pretty sure that the Brexit supporters with parliamentary experience could have formulated plans for that.
* EF SYN [
Trump is not even president yet.
European looking Turks are mostly descended from areas like Bosnia or Bulgaria
Not to mention the deposit and interest rates ...
If you had 5000 drachmas(aprox
To be fair, not all of us have long names.
It may help that I have a half Cypriot half Greek friend
And most of the examiners are old and they are used to accepting the bribes
We don't really have those toasters that heat up only the bread
If he is allowed to speak his mind freely then I'm allowed to call him a fascist.
It had been  done before, under Metaxas
And Santorini too
She told us that when the invasion of the island happened, her father fled instantly and her grandfather stayed behind for a while to try to convince he her grandmother to also flee
Abroad I've had some mockings but generally people like it
I can assure you Greece is not that cheerful
m) detached  house with 0 bedrooms for 400k euros  or a 3 bedroom 255  **m²** (sq
Uhh so the comic is good and all but
I have friends though that do that but it's considered a bit too much from my experience
It has nothing to do with "my culture" or "European culture" it's the same to me as if something like that happened to the statue of Jesus of Nazareth in Rio or if like the Pyramids got destroyed etc
Just go to another one
* [Athens Towers] (1971)
I think more half of the outlets are here, so maybe it isn't so popular in rural areas
In Thessaloniki (second biggest city and my hometown) it is more or less the same
a few years back
I didn't mean that food plays an important role in our culture because of the climate
I share your opinion, Bairaktaris is absurdly trash
Greek stoner rock scene is awesome
- Crete: Another great olive oil producing island, home to one of the most famous local cuisines (Cretan)
You know how this will end, donald will feed him to his piranhas pretty soon.
Same quality
they didn't call it that as the guy said
like I said difference between izmir witch is the only place i have visited and greece is religion and language.
Also beautiful country
With women though, that is not completely the rule as they start facing pressure from their inner circle as their friends begin to get married and have children
On a sidenote, we also call "duckling" [this type of small motorcycles] which make up around 90% of motorcycles in Greece, so it could be related to this
Santorini and mykonos
He only needs to support one of the Souvlaki / Kalamaki sides.
For the last 9 years my -now- husband and I speak in English even though I speak Greek to our kids and he speaks both to them too
We've had a total of 3 dictatorships if you don't count the Nazi, Italian and Bulgarian occupation in WW2
IF you go to Greece, visit Athens for 1-2 days and go straight to Greek islands, I recommend Dodekanese.
Hey, most Greeks are chill with France
Europe never had free markets in the same way the Australians, or the Canadians or the USA did.
I doubt that it will be bluer than Attica
3 tría
He was not a part of the Turkish community [in Holland], he was a recluse
I haven't heard of a similar subject in any other country but I'm curious to know if there's anything similar that I just haven't heard of
**Souvlaki** is the greek god you were never taught about in Mythology class
I use them practically like pajamas
Chicken/potatos and Pasta is basically the majority of food Greek mothers make.
[To Koulouri / The Bagel] is the Greek equivalent of The Onion
So religion was used both in support ( mainly as way to convince religious people, but I guess the same would have happened even if we had another religion as it did happen before Christianity) and  against the revolution but the official religious institutes such as the Orthodox Church was against the revolution
His name was Greekified to Othon and he gave his name to the uni he founded (the Othonian University of Athens)
* [Another pharmacy] (also added by another Redditor)
I was insulted three times
For real
They collaborated with the Nazis, destroyed the Yugoslav army from within by defections when Germany invaded, helped them happily kill Serbs and Jews, and had their part in the Bosnian wars as well
This comment is proof gay parades are useful
) = It rao naiei (Tawh meti se ti
this is what always cracks me up from my time in the army: I served as a conscript and the training camp was a huge area and we were around 1500 conscripts
Mainly, his [terrible command of the English language
Probably because prior to English, French was the dominant foreign language most Greeks would learn, usually those of higher status and wealth
I still can't make any sense of Icelandic and Dutch, though
Soros may be evil and ruthless but you can't blame him for random things your neo-fascist ass doesn't like
The lazy south European is a myth, they work the same and get paid much less than western Europe
Self defense laws are shitty and in away they help the perpetrator
*THEN* Greek aircraft escort the Turkish ones back to Turkey.
Like, really, a lot
You could try asking r/Greek or even r/Greece for a good answer
1922 defeat
According to Greece the necessary steps primarily involve a lot of money from European tax payers
Nope gunna need to use them in real fights
Your series are selling well here
2) There was a guy named Nikitaras, great warrior in the Greek war of independence, such great that in a battle, his sword stuck in his hand because his fingers were stuck and he couldn't move them
petsa = skin,
Turkey (Ottoman Period), Italy (Roman Empire mostly), Bulgaria (since they interacted a lot with the Byzantine Empire), Iran (ancient Persia) and the 5th would probably be Egypt (ancient Egypt and Ptolemaic Egypt)
Have you ever been to an actual third world country?
Ataturk and some other Young Turks like Talaat Pasha
Germany's, From Barbarians to conqueror's, to the Holy Roman empire, the thirty years war, Prussia, and then the unification of Germany, the World wars, the Berlin wall, I'm just fascinated With Germany and all of history in General
There were Mercedes sports cars filled with potatoes that they would deliver them to the city and then they would immediately go to party
Pick the correct spelling of the word message
Cherry picking policies and forgetting about the policies we don't like doesn't seem like a good approach to me.
how could albania even do anything to us
Keep in mind though we learn Ancient Greek as a separate lesson from modern Greek in Gymnasion and read some smaller literary texts in full Classical Ancient Greek
How many prisons does Turkey have?
The Roman empire had tons of ethnicities as well, yet they were all Roman, and more than anywhere else in the empire the Italians are the main 'successors' of that Empire
It is similar to how many former Wermacht officers were not touched by the Allies so they could prop up West Germany's armies so it could be a bulwark for East Germany and the Soviets
No it’s for us to swim away from you more quickly
DAMELOOOOOOOOOO
Here's what Greek handwriting looks like :)
There are these pesky turks that like to pretend that they are a separate nation and that Constantinople is named *Istanbul* of all things,while they are sitting in their anchor, but they'll learn
Luxembourgish because I like the country and their culture or maybe French for similar reasons and because French is a nice language and I think this and combination with the above languages would make it easier for to me to learn other European languages like Luxembourgish, Danish  etc
Lockers are frankly regarded as something exclusively American
I would usually travel abroad 1-3 times a year, but not to my neighboring countries, I prefer the northern European ones
is literally the #1 way to get ultra right wing groups in power across Europe.
I don't know what's the deal with them tbh
Great job
The whole Peloponnese region is very intriguing on food terms, while Athens and Thessaloniki cities have a great restaurant scene
Patras does not have a weird reputation, it is mostly known for the carnival
Don't do that same mistake Canadians did and replaced Harper for Justin.
Greece is high because we are to lazy to go pay them
I belong to the 40% (roughly) of voters who choose not to vote
* [President Hotel] (1978)
Unless everything is unmarked and underground, we could hardly find any non touristy places to sit.
Tsipras that governs us atm
You know what, i remembered he 's already busy advising the Labours in UK
I 'm sick and tired of everyone acting like babies in order not pander to sensitivities.
Are you following the current negotiations?
maybe Greece should leave the Euro and start printing money.
Back then Serbia was fighting the ottoman empire as well and they continue fighting till the early of 1900.
People participating want to get away from from it.
We'd also be insisting that we should order more food when clearly everybody has already eaten way too much
>Be it the country itself
Because they are very peaceful and calm they have beautiful beaches,trees and mountains, there a lot more Green in comparison with a lot of other cities here, they are relatively economically advanced, there are a lot of things to do there ,they have plenty of shops, restaurants,cafes, activities , bowling etc and they are generally close to Athens, so you can find any activity, shop, subway,education center, a very big library and generally almost all things that you may need in Greece etc
They're their European equivalent as far as flag displays go
I think I read on Wikipedia that they converted like hundreds of thousands but it's possibly an exaggeration
Sad day
Okay that's sounds right
They were the same people in Alexander's time, under roman control and under Ottoman control, yet you claim because there was some shuffling in the highest levels of government that somehow makes the ottomans other than the Turks
Shit :((( Stefan u were an wonderful person and an absolute mad lad
But now its super easy to pay with card and avoid it
They have two university towns
(Most) Távli board
by far
>In The Netherlands almost every village/town has its own dialect of Dutch, so I wonder if that’s the same in the rest of Europe
In any case there are a bunch of people streaming out of it.
Spot on
I was pro-refugee when the crisis started.
Isn't there a law in all countries that anyone in the chain of command should resist enforcing unconstitutional laws and orders
I'm pretty sure that is the purpose of the question
can confirm
You are acting as if all european countries test the same, both in method and in amount
I have "forgot" my German
Hawk - Caliente
As to your second question, because our Karens think we have to and Karens are the only ones who bother to vote, so the system appeases them
Yeah, this explains why a Greek-French entertainer is #1 for Greece.
That goes directly against the meaning of the treaty
The more you don't confront the guy, the more popular/ist he becomes.
Και χάθηκε μια αγάπη
If someone else implies a negative aspect we grab the pitchforks and torches
Never understood why Londoners feel so cosmopolitan and smug compared to the rest of the country when they literally voted for 8 years of Boris as mayor
Χαμός από τον κόσμο.
Sad
Weird
I meant it as an additional reason that the Southern European dishes are considered tasteful
our options where Syriza Golden dawn KKE or the cunts that brought us this mess and everyone in europe was saying weren't doing their part, Syriza seemed like the lesser evil.
>Thsi might be a weird question, but I heard few people say how they don't understand that some people eat rabits, deers, ducks
That sounds like you had an amazing childhood
Generally, the Greek accent is a heavy one so I can tell from miles that a person is Greek
How about America
People mainly in Pelloponisos and Sterea Ellada or Attica, the first parts that were liberated, feel more Greeks than for example Pelloponisians
OK so in Greek they use the word πλάκα meaning fun and the song goes:
I feel comfortable at 8°C and up, but get so shocked when I see people wearing coats in 20° here
Their Leaders are gonna die in jail
The answer was always NO
Fake: Belgium doesnt exist
If I had a point of history I would change (or want to see what would happen if it wasn tlike that ) for sure will be when Kapodistrias was murdered
Yeah, well praising someone who ruined your country would be more stupid than voting for his great grandson
Argos is just known for being old af
In Greece we have a significant problem.
And it developed because people had to lookout extra for themselves and their families, keep some 'backup', bribe some Ottoman officials, etc
Like, when you're in complete awe or when you're finally free of a huge burden or when you have this small moment of appreciation and happiness, just taking a breath and letting it out with a "malaaaka" feels quite cathartic
Guess I need to come to France for my next internship now  in Greece it really depends, many will give you at least school credit but in the USA, most internships are unpaid
He is literally Hitler obviously
*Pass it on*
BTW The gender of the word city is also feminine in Greek
Similarly, when we gained independence, the country was only 36% the size of the modern-day country
It's polarizing, people love it or hate it
For me, I think the first thing that I noticed, was the obvious distress of him when for example they wouldn't have a product we needed in a certain shop
You don't have the option of German subtitles on Netflix
-Frederica
they say it sounds like Spanish and that it is very hard
If I was PM I would change the flag in a minute
Cons: Cold weather for people who aren’t used to it, racism, homophobia, all very grey and depressing, government, prejudice from the rest of the world
London; there's always a bunch of people in their ferraris zooming around the roads blasting loud music
I didn't even know such a thing exists
its all perfect
Honestly, I don't really get it
After all the things your soldiers did in Ukraine, you coming here and saying something like that is weird
I remember getting 2 infrared heaters from them about 5 years ago and they would break down 2-3 times every week
Here it'd feel like wanting to get something stolen, idk, I always bring my bag up front and mind the zippers
BTW I want to say to some commenters that just because someone assumes that you are from France when you speak French this doesn't meant that this person thinks that French is only spoken in France
is that a mythos ? in poland
In Greece at least, there are always signs
Can this be confirmed by a German?
god is a pirate
The city was created by joining the few villages and towns of the area by Cassander who married Thessaloniki and controlled Macedonia after Alexander's death, in 315 BC
Here in Greece 37% is homeless (I think) that explains it
The ND which i vote for keeps close relations with Western conservatives though.
Definitely the best in Stockholm (that I've visited
We've been waiting for an EU patch for ages...
Greeks can relate to what you said
Take the egg and cut its hair - when something is too complicated and you don't know where to begin tackling it
Thx for sharing fam
For 20 minutes i was nodding and replying with "yes yes", without understanding anything.
Do you usually say  Česko  or  Česká repulika  ?
I don 't know from where to start listing all the negative stuff
No they are actually neighbourhood pets with everyone feeding the scraps and petting them
Despite the mental gymnastics some of these maps do to not call some countries eastern, I've never been ashamed to call myself an eastern European
So I guess they exist .. somewhere
I know you guys are technically a Mediterranean country, but we usually see you as part of the Yugoslavian lobby
But Ukraine isn't part of the NATO.
Translation: If we don't like the result, it is not democracy
Or a Chaplain v some peasant with a rod
I remember reading Corsica or Sardinia had a very similar tradition too
You get what you voted
The views of every country are clearly shown, represented properly, discussed thoroughly and then simply ignored so that the big players can do what they want
So how did she went to school
Same in Greece I guess it's a Mediterranean thing lol
I like it, as long as the meat is good and it's seasoned properly
Or perhaps it would force the industry into implementing changes in the way business is made.
People should read history, if they go mad they will start cutting heads
I might end up buying the new Renault Megane after all
Enough of a reason for all Italians and Greeks to publicly execute me
Thanks for this
Don't believe everyone that says, "eat this, it came from my village".
the facebook profiles seem to be ironic, the [slang
ML KKE (Marxist Leninist KKE, same initials for KKE), and
I would recommend you The Orge of Athens (1956) .  In Greek it is called the Dragon,  ο Δράκος.
I think in Greece Trikala is a very nice place for that and of course you can find many places in every big city
I have friends though that do that but it's considered a bit too much from my experience
Just like you dig out ruins every time you try to build anything in Greece, I bet in 2000 years they will dig out bicycles in the Netherlands
Well, Brexit *is* a more important issue than /r/europe shitposts, so yeah.
For the lesser evil ofc
But from what I have seen, learners of the Greek language do actually use them
In Greece it's commonly referred to as the Pfizer/Biontech vaccine, but media usually shorten it as the Pfizer vaccine
There is not much to identify with citywise, I only use this information when I want to speak about a specific thing that is relevant to my city
Venetian rule in Crete for example was a very brilliant age.
You can have healthcare and choices.
Israel plays in all the european sports leagues in football, basketball etc.
plot twist:
Yolo swag all the way to the polls
That's pretty good
Use them to update your maps and radars then.
most just fast one week before easter and that’s it
Then fish & chips at the small fishermen pubs in town.
Again, may you please point out where exactly I wrote that the EU is completely innocent and blameless
Lol
All our neighbors but Bulgaria
Greek island culture and most Balkan nations culture are very different, just one example.
Yup, and that area of North England and South Scotland used to be called "Yr hen ogledd" the old North" in medieval Welsh poetry etc because it lost the language later than the rest of what became England
So, it doesn't surprise me that a Belgian hasn't heard of them
"LISTEN HERE YOU LIL SHIT"
If only the border checks were a bit faster
500mL go for 0
now everyone is moving back to other slightly big towns like Patras, Chania, Heraklion and so on
Most tourists that go to Greece are British, Turkish, Russian and Spaniards
If you do Greece in June up to mid July you will avoid the hordes of tourists.
Here if someone want can choose not to attend it
Exactly the same in Greece
I believe so ues
Well as an outsider, the Brexit vote seemed quite clear to me
Oracle of Delphi, Greece
Wars,history and europe(the lady the continent got its name from)
He's been to Morocco, and among the things that he remembers from that trip he took 35 years ago is that he couldn't eat anything while he was there
Don't even have to scroll by controversial this time
OK but can you do me a favor
A large crowd has gathered outside the court ahead of verdict in Golden Dawn trial
Average Caloric Intake by Country[OC]
They aren't going to be executed
How much of a difference would there be if for the last 30 years there was no forced conscription.
Is this using the Ghibli lofi compilation that was deleted from youtube
WHY THE FUCK ARENT WE THE ARM
If you mean today, I would not know how to rank or check for "importance".
What ever reasons you people might have for sanctions on belarus turkey has done worse
It's nice to see that at least some people have something else to say other than ''pay debts''.
One exception I can think of are taxi drivers
That's a terrible idea
Not to mention portability, floatability and ease of setup.
The pipe that comes from the toilet in individual buildings is smaller than normal, not the sewer system
Italy's boot shape and Cyprus' swordfish-y shape are my favorite
Who the hell chose the same two colors for the whole map?
Yes
It means Monday coming sadness (Δευτέρα+ελθ+θλίψη) that's why I'm not using Sunday
The leftist parties will be alone and weaker.
πνεύμα, rough (pronounced:pnévma) which means spirit, soul
Since the Hellenistic times, η-υ-ι-οι-ει sound exactly the same but we still use them
Also fun fact: we don't have any middle names
Haha, you drew a nice picture there
It was never open to the public and it would probably be unsafe to load the vaults with extra weight after the fire
It's not that uncommon to display one outside your house (or on your balcony), or maybe keep one in storage for occasional use (sports events/ national holidays)
But we were the first to properly Remove Kebab.
I don't know why
I haven't been in Germany, but I was reading an article a while ago that the variety of bread in a German bakery would blow your mind
They aren't officially
Finally a *real* conservative makes an entrance in continental Europe.
Could someone care to explain everyone doesn't like switching time 2 days per year
I didn't choose to be from Greece, nevertheless Greeks joke about their country a lot
Floating such ideas in public can only cause trouble if separatists are made to feel that their cause is justified and supported by major powers.
pulls mad pussy
I don't really think that Attica,Peloponnese,Crete,Central Greece,Aegean and Ionian islands belong in the Balkan peninsula.As I see it,a part of northern Greece belongs there,but not Greece in general.
Works fine in Italy and other Mediterranean but nothing would be happening ever in the UK with this system.
Not really, but the S-400 is an extremely complex unit using dozens of radar types, some of them classified(allegedly).
We have a city called Kastoria (beaver) and a town called Astakos (lobster) even though neither of those animals live anywhere near there
The only European country where you can actually get fined for downloading torrents
[Wasnt that bad] esp
They are also terribly clingy to masonry bits that don't belong to them
They don't really like Germany at all here
Dekaeksi(16)
it's Turkey starting conflicts with other countries
No, nothing like that
I thought you just threw everything in a pot and heated until all the taste and texture had boiled away?
It really bothered me when I was in school because I always saw them in movies, but now I realise it's because we had all of our classes in the same room, so we could just leave everything on our desks
If you think there is no racism in Europe, get out your house
Still remember it like it was yesterday, and I was a little kid
The suburbs are nice though
The chances of someone learning the two languages are quite similar tho
Greece finished in the last place at 2008 Euro Championship
Then call it tradition or stereotype :p
110% Thessalonian
If it was Germany, I would choose Bavaria either way
I don't really think that German ears are used to Spanish music for example, since you made a similar point in a previous comment of yours.
BTW There are also local fast food restaurants that sell burgers and stuff like that
"I write people in my papars" -> definitely still 100% greek
But I think that ancient Greek epsilon would fit fine
Personally we always had these kind of foods on Sundays, be it pastichio, Mousaka, Dolmades etc
God will disappear them (to hell ?), of course
Free speech means having to hear things we don't like as well.
It really bothered me when I was in school because I always saw them in movies, but now I realise it's because we had all of our classes in the same room, so we could just leave everything on our desks
I'm surprised about Greece tbh
Otan to diafimize "pantou iparhi enas mithos" ke mis to koroidevame
Sunday school failed me, that's for sure lol
You're a savage xD I'm gonna visit it soon !
•roar
&#x200B;
Oh, I thought OP meant like "foreigner-foreigner".
We write with printed-like letters
As for Trump, a businessman who knows the benefits of globalization, he 's looking to deregulate the US internal market while bringing back jobs - i.e.
The more heartbreaking part is the tendecy of association between government and people
we just call them Lobsters
Understanding both sides is vital to make the society progress forward and cleanse any stigma that exists
It's a sunset, you don't have to pay 80 euros in order to take a photograph
Im flaking out guys
Just be thankful she didn't say "England", like the rest of the world would have...
Your map sucks
The whole souvlaki/gyro naming dispute
". It's gender neutral
Ούτε και εγώ.
Greekness never goes away, ask a Greek
Weird
Any insight from Turks why this bill is being proposed?
Meanwhile the left:
I am extremely surprised Greece is not at the top
Why are these proposals anti-capitalist?
Ours mostly service loan interests
I am not sure about the south of Greece, but I know that in the North they call the wrap a "pitogyro" and the meat stick a "souvlaki", so it is a very big debate between regions of Greece whether if the pita wrap thing is called a "souvlaki" or a "pitogyro" and if the meat stick thing is called a "souvlaki" or "kalamaki". So basically here in Athens at least, when we say souvlaki we mean the wrap, and in the north of Greece when they say souvlaki they mean the stick, and the term "kalamaki" for the stick does not exist there either
Knock knock, it's the fucking Balkans
In our version of orthodoxy, it's called theophania, and it symbolizes the baptism of Christ
They only want to fight the police
What's OMON
I think most people care about the situation in Romania though
It's just that politicians in the US (like Trump during the debates) are often SO OBVIOUS about dodging uncomfortable questions, it's mind-boggling
The trial was for a neo-nazis group that was proven to be a criminal organization
I think we don't have a standard like you mentioned
", he turned around and apologised to her "I swear I *forgot* you're even black
In addition to that I guess that the stereotypes that we have for each othet, which in most cases are false,  will be less dominant in a third country
I think κουκουλοφόρος (koulouloforos, literally meaning "he who wears a hood") is still used as well
It means "Come and get them" :P
Until you lose your best employee without notice.
So basically, Americans like to be punctual and can't be patient
[Calypso] was a nymph in the Odyssey
It actually looks like 1/5 of a peepee but that's cool.
Too bad someone has to die first :/
I thought it would've been unharmed, but that was much more of a close call than I expected
I love Greek more in every way tbf, I also know how to speak a bit of Italian and I love it too, also I'm currently learning French, and while I love it, it is making me want to die with some of its phrases (like why are there so many combinations with que, ce and est), but in general, I think the reason that I like Greek, Italian and French more than English is because I have gotten so used to the language (as 90% of the media I watch is in English and I'm exposed to the language for the majority of the day) that I have pretty much gotten bored of it
*sobs* I don't wanna
We don’t have it lol
And that he is the Greek Mr Bean
female: Αφροξυλάνθη (Afroxylánthi)
And the example with the red cross is totally wrong.
An example
Some are extremely gunhappy but only a small amount.
My whole circle is from the northeastern suburbs and we just love to hang out there and avoid the city centre at all costs, unless we wanna smoke some hookah or something, which is unreasonably expensive in the suburbs (lots of mainstream lounge/coffee shop owners in the suburbs really think they're someone important and keep raising their prices lol)
But calling for others to help clean up your own mess is most likely just another symptom of the Greek internal issues.
No wonder why a unification seems impossible
Might've exaggerated, I'll call him out
I  thought it was like , some obscure isolated farmland in malta
I have been living in Athens my whole life pal
Considering how many immigrants we've had the past years, according to your theory the exact opposite should have happened.
Then we got ftth* at 100 up - 10 down or 200 up 20 down for, get this 40-50 euro and 50-60 euro with a bunch of land line minutes that you of course won't care about but they have to justify the bullshit price
" Obviously the US did shit compared to Europe
I see the others suggested you VIC for Greece
He can't understand that the point of a curry is the flavor of all those mixed spices
Think they got denied by the local government
It would be more dignified if EU set up refugee centers in Libya or Turkey, and patrolled the waters to make sure nobody attempts to leave with boats.
What is its texture like
It's also the same for every place in Greece that is not Athens :p
I mean, no offence to Genevans..
Thankfully we dont have neonazi problem in Greece
Also, personally, if I'm home I roll just underpants, or if I'm completely alone fully nude
Financial Crisis
Although the majority of the population follows the Orthodox church, I think younger people (younger than 30-35 ) are mostly atheist/agnostics
Well, papers are already saying that she 's behind on polls, so we should be preparing for Marine La president.
* Oxygen - Oxigono
It isn't uncommon for a child to be confused and feel like a boy/girl, that doesn't imply it is transexual.
[Turkey is not even European.]
I would still prefer wine over there and it would probably be more expensive in Finland compared to the local stuff.
They have another chance for an appeal in Greek higher court.
You weren't born back then though
He still *hates* waiting in queues (I don't) but ever since we've had kids it has thrown all his schedule all over the place and now lives in a limbo state of going with the -Greek- flow
It is about to change
He was still, a dictator though
Ωπα κάτσε τι;
Yeah,  there is a space in my fridge for eggs
The ongoing war among  North and  South Greece on how to call the bbq pork skewer
I share your opinion, Bairaktaris is absurdly trash
I had no idea that you like tacos so much
We don't usually see snow in Piraeus.
I can’t currently think of anything
The word ιδού (eethoo) cannot be directly translated
Here is a quote that from Greek literature that I like,  but I don't know if it's common in media
Serbia: yellow and a tiny bit of blue
LIThuania
Leopard=Λεοπάρδαλη (leopárdali) spotted lion
Islamist indoctrination in schools, insane taxation for alcohol, peer pressure against the irreligious, building mosques and imam hatip everywhere
The ideal answer to this is an upgraded infrastructure system that plans for groups like elderly people and people with disabilities, maybe a dedicated bus line or something similar
If you are talking about politics or economy you guys are closer to the Central Europe lobby
&#x200B;
She has told me that the people in general are okay with the homosexuals, but the LGBT movement started crossing the line with the parades with some weird wood-paper statues of Holy Mary and Jesus painted rainbow and making them seem like clowns and then letting them out of the churches
People from Larisa talk with an accent and cannot be understood (am from there, not true)
I feel like both of countries are my home
3)The dictator Papadopulos changed the divorce law for one night, so he could divorce his wife and marry his mistress
Like for example
Eyoooo what's good, Greece kicked some asses lololol
Germany is a big country and big market in the center of Europe in a very rich and fertile land
I think she may have been referring to the word "hag" I used to refer to them
Next biggest that isn't well known is Ioannina with about 160k population
They should denounce islam because they make Muslims look bad.
I'm all in for secularization but damn it kinda gets personal when so many civilians died in Smyrna
The last Byzantine Emperors were Greeks though, but truth be told I don't think the Empire was ever a solely Greek thing during it's peak years except that they spoke Greek
It would be interesting though if a language had all four
Isn't comparing budget contributions to lost economic growth a bit like comparing Apples to oranges
Us scoundrels need to stick together.
What exactly did we produce to reach such a standard of living
Next closest thing, Italy
I spent a day in Bratislava back in 2015, I absolutely loved it
I thought that was the British House of Commons.
As for others, they're wrong
My take on this is just to "speak softly and carry a big stick".
Some nationalists and racists call the turk "Mongols", but it's not really common, it's only used among them
The guy in Greece (Nikos Aliagas) is not that well known here.
OP is a zombie visiting his family who lives across the street
I live near there, if you need anything dm me
If they were around, they'd go for a coffee
I don't believe for a second Trump is going to cooperare with Russia, dissolve NATO, etc.
Α small bottle of water (0
It's ok
Thank god humans can't drive under the influence of anything!
They were influential in that part of the world and a huge reason why half of Europe isn't Muslim today.
And go back in cause it's too early
Greeks are not so religious, I also disagree with that morning prayers part.
I already have money”.
I remember my sister forcing me to watch this with her.
What's happening
Life is fine, I have everything near me, city is ugly af
gr] article contains this " Υποθέτω πως είναι η κόρη της [κυρα-περμαθούλας] και ανηψιά της [θεία-Φωτούλας]  που την έχουν κλείσει στον μικρόκοσμο κάποιου νησιού ή χωριού να έχει  άσπρη αφράτη επιδερμίδα, και φροντίζουν αυτές για το συνοικέσιο." and the wiktionary article says almost nothing (I mean if the name was real at least a dictionary would know something more about it)
To each one what they like
Well the HK police hasn't killed anyone in 9 months of protests
Yeah, these kinds of protogenic jobs are paid better now than the degree jobs
Wow that's so amazing
In my family at least its not an issue discussing it . Its better than not knowing because each experience was different so you learn some things
You will have to make some choices.
Interstingly most Greeks use this term, along with FYROM and Skopje.
To show politicians that they just can't spout anti EU propaganda because the EU won't leave the alone to steal and be corrupt.
Is this a personal attack or something
Today's great find
Una razza una faccia high five
Ah, another immortal
I'm not an expert on the matter, but I know that there are various kinds of cold coffee - most are hot brewed and then served with ice, whereas there is also cold brewed coffee
So while I would say society nowadays has stop the pressure it also depends on the family and environment .
Shut up you egg
Definitely my view on the matter as well.
Young, old, babies, women, everyone
This, I'd rather be poor with dignity than go through this whole shitshow to still end up poor in the end.
> However it is worrying that there are quite a few people who believe that someday we are going to retake it
Greece too, half the people go to church once a year tops, and the official number is something like 95% orthodox.
You should split the "memes if Catalonia becomes independent" into two; "(no civil war), and (civil war)
The problem is that students cannot interact with the professors in real time, so some professors host a q&a session once a week on Skype or Zoom
Drinks lots of water, don't eat too much
I guess you've never been to Greece :)
This is why every other country is calling you out on it :)
I like the fact that there is a road leading out of the EU and it is to the water
However a friend (who is into this stuff) once told me that the plan was left incomplete.
All Italians say 'il weekend', 'i website' etc But the grammatically correct would be 'lo weekend' and 'gli website'.
I don't even know if we have a team but I can tell you that rugby is known as the american sorry excuse for a sport
Yes, and apparently there's many similar words in the Tosk dialect too
I'll skip the ancients, and instead mention some modern historical figures:
I work with the programs used for the name registry
"Every place has its wounds
This time the incentive was provided by the construction of a new Gallery to house the collection
[ from municipality Glyfada, (southern suburbs of Athens, Attica) I kinda look that it's look kinda different than the rest of them
Do you know that almost 50% of the inhabitants of the Greek Macedonia are Anatolians?Anatolians are Hellenized people from West Asia,what have they got in common with the inhabitants of ancient Macedonia?Nothing.
We had a really nice food at a taverna actually
Here, there is a difference from region to region, not so much from town to town , except for  villages and islands  that may have different customs and dialects, even though they are in the same region
You can also find lamb souvlaki, its just not that common cause its more expensive
My parents are Greeks of Pontic descent, and as a result are fluent in Russian (their families first fled into the USSR before going to Greece)
lol
However, I must state that it is not some sort of moral compromise that makes people avoid paying VAT
Well that's what happens when one group of people(Greeks) invade and colonize a region imposing their culture on the natives.
Nation way more
The cool guy that people like to hang around with but everyone kinda wants them to get fired
Great Food
The ease of travel for European tourists to enter Greece and easy access of European markets by Greek companies is the only reason Greece is not a complete hell-hole right now.
people think that austerity is a choice, and that you can get a "good" leader who will say NO to austerity and magically the economy will spring back up, and all benefits will be restored
So from an early age you learn there is a limit
[When i hear that the far right is pro-lgbt]
StAGN needs to check itself
I am Greek university student and I want to visit Germany
Shhhh, lets pretend it's 2016 and the empire has fallen
Another user already said it, we call the rest of the country επαρχία (eparchia)
Southeast\*
Once there was Asia, and then there was a really short 20 year old man
Yeah, but you can't really live as a hermit in the mainland
Hope you guys pull a Greece before it's too late
Yep, its even a saying in my country, about complicated things , we call them the Cypriot Issue
Hygiene is very important here
There's a lot, but the most common is
There also need to be at least 1 stray dog
Which word from your native language you wish could translate perfectly in English but doesn't?
Had a client speak to me in a very village accent and in our 2 minute conversation I understood like 30% of what he was saying
Although they're doing something on Android 11 with chat bubbles for all apps, but it seems kinda wonky for now, you need to pin specific contacts or something and only those contacts are permanent bubbles it seems (haven't tried it, can't say for sure)
I think yes but it depends on the age, I think that after elementary school kids walk alone to school , but also many kids walk alone before that, I guess it depends on the family and on the area
In Greece (and I'd imagine many other European countries) there are mainly two institutions offering certification of proficiency, the university of Cambridge, and the university of Michigan
Britain had major campaigns in Norway, Afrika, SE Asia, Greece and France.
They just replace the old puppet with a new puppet and they keep doing the same shit
God famnit I forgot to pee before we protest
Nope, I can't explain it correctly
\-when someone looks good you have to do a little "ftou ftou"(pretend spitting) so you don't give them the evil eye(mati) but only grandparents and mothers do that these days
Ah, another immortal
it was a chain of events that actually started with the treaty
Τρώω παιδάκια. (rough pronunciation: troo pedakia)
At last a map I can relate to, since I used "Γαμώτο" and plenty of its variations about a dozen times today
You should have replied in Finnish lol
Courgettes (or zucchini, etc) tambourine - a classic
Well it said almost nowhere and there is a map that shows the temperature of each country
there is quite a lot that we need to prove or even understand first about us as humans in order to then go and research if ghosts do exist or not
I don't think it's particularly directed against France or French people.
Unlike Farage who used to be the leader of a party that claimed to stand up for the people against the ruling political elite while having Hitler-praising ex-bankers as members.
Celebrations like these are meant for the people to enjoy, not for charles and putin and whoever the government invited
I hate the sun ,i love cloudy weather .
That's really beautiful
We had a really nice food at a taverna actually
Idk if it's that or that Greek cops are cunts in general
If this is fake it's still fucking hilarious
Sure the current situation is highly critical and volatile but they have done shit like this in the recent past
I've learned your tricks
Not ginger
It's a lose lose situation for us
(Since some Germans are speaking about Swiss German) I can understand Cypriot Greek when I read it, but not when I hear it
Are y'all in a campaign to feel more European or something?
Oh did ya
All this proves that Turkey didn't go there to protect the Turkish cypriot citizens but it just wanted to occupy as much of the island as it could
But I am not sure how the Byzantines called them
Due to the way that Turkey has treated it
I am more font of our Roman past than anything before 146 BC so I would like something during the Arab-Byzantine wars
Since you specified law schools , it's the Nation and Kapodistrian University of Athens' School of Law ,for 2020 it was among the 300 best law schools internationally
1908 revolution was about it(it gave a lot of rights to other ethnic groups and tried to create an Ottoman identity)and it started it in Balkans with huge support from local people.
So large scale domes and arches were limited by the constraints of their typical materials, marble and poros.
Jeg tror at der findes intet sprog der er smukkere end dansk, og jeg ved at ikke nogen vil være enig
&#x200B;
How convenient eh
Milos Catacombs: [
Most of the pictures are usually medium sized ones in painted wood like the ones /u/Argyrius linked.
Depending on what we're talking about: many.
Quite the offensive word
read the book of Ahmet Davutoglu he was the former pm of turkey
There is no animosity post WW2 and no hot topics between Bulgaria and Greece anymore
Thank god for the Erasmus exchange program or else I'd hate that guy so much!
Thrace: Lots of muslims
Thank you mate, I wish the best for you as well
You won't find any
It started with an explanation about how Alexander the Great was actually Macedonian not Greek (?) and then went into an exhibit about how Gotse Delchev was an "ethnic Macedonian" who had no connection to Bulgaria or Bulgarians (who are basically never mentioned once in the whole museum)
- 1300s. Then with older stuff it really really depends on the text
Alright to end off this conversation I just said that I've seen some turks, not all turks, claim that he is ethnically Turkish
I don't recall seeing this in any house
elated I spent my year in Glasgow
But as someone else has stated; don't be afraid of speaking
Otherwise I would probably say Thrace purely because it has a sizable Muslim minority, but independence doesn't seem that popular for them either
Although you do have  a lot of job opportunities for us Europeans, if we don't study there and bankrupt ourselves
we're telling him we've been to the university campus, the castle etc
Not saying Greece is fine but it did not "shrink unexpectedly", fake news.
I'm going to wear a pin with the flag of Luxembourg and walk around with a sandwich saying "Dat ass hot"
And they can all identify with the american flag and Freedom any time of the day.
First time hearing a Spaniard, either speaking Spanish or English was so weird, like, mate, stop being weird and speak normal Greek O.o
The other 2 are for the EU
Soon, a culture of outsmarting the state was created, mostly out of a perception that the state was out to get you and abuse you, and this all lead to culturally endorsed corruption
Sony forget that its not only the heat,  but it's only the sun
But I mean
And I still have no money, no food in the fridge and I have a feeling Germany is gonna cut my heating this winter cause I don't pay my full rent.
Sometimes they play also Spanish, Italian & French movies as well and in some local channels i saw a number of obscure Canadian movies
Bosnia and Herzegovina: yellow
I can already picture "Cushy government jobs in tropical paradise.
Gibraltar seizes Russian's superyacht over German debt claim
I was playing the God4 and i had to swich to English cause the sound actrors were horrible in Greek
But that's what natural freedom means, the things that you are able to do based on your nature
Instead, they looked at me as I have offended them in some way just by asking
The ruling party in Russia kills any kind of real opposition,
Oh shit yeah let me add those too
But it doesn't really matters
If I had to choose between 2 evils I know what i'd go for.
If I were interested in wine, I'd probably choose between Nemea region in Peloponnese (home to the Agiorgitiko local variety), Naoussa region in central Macedonia (home to Xinomavro local variety and host to numerous wineries which one can visit), Santorini, Samos and Lemnos islands (all three islands also have a delicious cuisine based on local ingredients, besides producing some of the most famous Greek wines)
Thanks
I had a Greek-Somali schoolmate and through her I got to know the variety of Africa
Totally για τον πούτσο pita, dry and not tender and the souvlaki was 80% fat and 20% charred fat
A lot of Brexit people claim they will not move to Frankfurt because it is a "boring city" and nobody would ever want to leave London .
We have allot in greece but we don't consider it a problem
1919 war
They where a 3% party for the most part.
Americans from what I've encountered don't have patience and Greeks are almost always late
I wish all cities had Dutch-like bicycle infrastructure
Like most Greeks, I was taught British English, used the Greek accent though at some point I started trying to make it sound smoother (but apparently it sounds fake to most non-Greeks), and lots of times I'll attempt to do an American accent to get Google voice commands to work properly
We use this one for whatever reason, mostly as an exclamation of "oh shit" or to call bullshit
Other than that, in the second season of the Umbrella Academy, one character screams to another a very well known line from the Oddysey in ancient Greek, which I had to watch about 7 times to understand
I drink tap water most of the time, but when I am outside  and I really need to drink water, the I buy bottled water
This place was different from other ones, people were different, kids grew up differently and therefore shaped a very different and distinct attitude which people from other areas do not like or afraid of in many ways and I can’t blame them
The USSR was also built on conquest and military enforcement
This is the world in every child's drawing
Oh definitely fridge
Surprisingly Greece raised taxes and cut spending, however it wasn't enough.
If his unpopularity numbers and the fact that he lost the popular vote are anything to go by, the American people are already realizing the depth of their blunder.
BTW personally I didn't have a problem calling them Netherlands in English,  because that's the most common name that is used in English
>Hah did you realize that Greece needs money haha haha Greece poor
Cool dude
I agree with you
Don't forget the friendly game between AEK athens "against" Partizan to send a message to the world when the bombings from NATO took place in your country when everyone else was afraid to even talk about it and even more to go to your country
* Athinaiko-Makedoniko Praktoreio Eidisewn  [
I think that the main difference is methods of cooking, quality of the ingredients, variety of the food etc
how can a photo be more identifieble as German than the German flag itself
How tf do you know it's his house
Now I love it
Just dont do it in obvious view of any hotel or village that is not cool with it.
In [Elliniko] an independent maisonette, 252  **m²** (sq
There has also been a lot of progress in making the Greek economy more competitive.
It's a great alternative to more tourist-trap-y destinations in the neighborhood, since you can see similar sites and architecture (even at a smaller scale), while also enjoying a more relaxed holiday
From my understanding, a lot of science fiction writers use "Luna" for the name of the Moon, but it's official name in English actually is the Moon, and Luna is Spanish and Italian (and Latin)
In fairness, I and Ρ are also greek letters (Ρ is the equivalent of R, though)
Same thing happened in Greece though they didn't banned Uber but the option where non taxi drivers can sign up use their car and take rides
Demetrious, the "protector" of the city
This basically
Uhh so the comic is good and all but
Including the "we can give you greece, if you give us Puerto Rico"
apparently greece went from 89 in 2013 to 65 today
They have improved the reliability of their products a lot since then
You bet
Everyone tries to do that not just Bannon.
Albanians can be distinguished sometimes if they are workers or something, more likely to be short and stocky with a rougher face and different clothes than Greeks, but can't really distinguish second generation Albanians in Greece
He has said that he supports social democracy
because we don't really have hot sauces in greek restaurants, unless the dish itself has chilli flakes
2nd day
" Even in formal calls
\>established baker
I had a bout of some sort of mild pneumonia a few years back, of course my lung specialist smoked
-Yes, Yiago, I wanted to tell you that I have a lover
The fact that he was the only leader of Turkey who agreed with Greece in a mutual decrease in defense spending is telling.
Turkey literally almost went to War with Russia to keep an open border with ISIS/Al-Nusra as to keep fueling them with weapons and materials in exchange for killing Kurds.
Now we need to go there and find some gold
Also, most Muslim countries call us "Yunan" (Ionian) which at least is a cooler sounding name than the one we call ourselves.
When I tell them I'm from Greece their reaction is mostly "oh really
Hate me all you want but you can't change a nation from top to bottom.
Greek was actually lingua franca in the eastern mediteranean region for many centuries
Like, he is doxxing people
While little by little more of us were spread all over the world.
1€: three kilos of potatoes
&#x200B;
40 years prior to Gagarin's achievement, we didn't even know we could fly, let alone travel with safety, in our skies
Moved to Italy a month ago
Luxembourgish because I like the country and their culture or maybe French for similar reasons and because French is a nice language and I think this and combination with the above languages would make it easier for to me to learn other European languages like Luxembourgish, Danish  etc
My most usual breakfast is some kind of pastry thing (spanakopita, croissant, or whatever something along the lines of that) with greek/turkish coffee
You guys should build a heat pipeline to Greece in exchange for some debt write-off
Σκίουρος Skíouros (Skée uros)
The first is the Pangalos dictatorship, it was short lived and moronic
Everyone agrees that our politicians be they right, left or center, are corrupt to the core
Rød grød med fløde
Did he remove the spine of a homosexual to keep as a trophy
First name + last name,
Greece lost its islands to the sea unfortunately
Well that depends
They've been trying to switch to a digital version since forever because the current design screams "forgery". Many people are afraid of the new format and think it's the "mark of the devil" or something, I've even heard the church discouraging people from getting a new digital ID card once it's required
But what's the point saying that when we didn't have a choice
Walk around, enjoy the city, see a museum, eat some food etc.
I mean Greeks even go to Bulgaria just to buy cigars.
We say εικοσιτετράωρο which literally means "24houred" more or less
nah it's the most common thing among us balkans
Hot : 35°C or more
Lol haha
I hope the situation changes quickly
There's all kinds of replies along the lines of "Just don't be a dick, relax, be reasonable, use common sense" etc, etc
>wings and claws are growing doughty
Its a quote from an old movie about crete in ww2
I hope  this time they will go all out and not pamper Turkey again as they did in the last summit
It has jurisdiction on both cities and rural areas
Literally translated: Horse of the Mother of Jesus*
If you get exposed to the cypriot dialect then you'll understand them :)
Germany and Austria or directly USA
It's considered a necessity/essential product so it's price is fixed
Greece = Ελλάς = Hellas
No problem
Thanks
I´ve said lots of similar dad jokes while on vacation and I can only hope locals didn´t take them at face value
Interesting to see that fyrom uses same language as the rest of the Slavs, but NO they are not Slavs
I saw many reports about the protests in Lebanon in the Greek media but nearly nothing about Belarus
I think he might be doing all this for the domestic market only, to gather support among the demographic who'd think "he's an honest, decent bloke who went and straight up told the Italian what's what".
Put darths Vader theme and it will be 100 times better
If you go to Greece I suggest trying the various 'mezes' that are like tapas plates and have really interesting flavors
Toyota Corolla, Toyota Auris, Toyota Yaris, Toyota IQ, Smart, smaller car for the city, bigger cars for the rich.
So it was  the perfect environment for horrific smog and heatwaves .This days the situation is way better
/r/urbanhell
No your description is true but I think the population figures are misleading
I don't plan to move to another country,  but if I did I would choose Luxembourg
Which is sad, considering the quantity and quality of other places and sceneries
My father knew the priest, they served in the army together
But if he is a white nationalist why are there black people who support him
Only a full religious guy would refer to Russia as "Orthodox bro"
γεια σου βρε αντρα φυσφιρή πού χεις μια πούτσα σαν σφυρί
The helmet is of a Greek type, now we cannot know where it was manufactured
There are many jobs you can do without speaking the local language
But generally the situation isn't good here, we need more and better infrastructures because there aren't a lot of such infrastructures
*insert the buzz meme here*
The Basque Country and Navarre get to keep most of their tax income as well I believe
Great way to be coy about your intentions ...
Greece here, we have 500 cases/day, up from 1 or 2 in March
But we have to wait to learn who did it and why
[Here is a video about Greek dialects and accents]
Don't get cocky
The Most Eastern Roman of Turkish cities:Constantinople
Yeah,ok
Wow is that Marko Perkovic singing?
Well, we do almost the same with meat and call it a souvlaki so I can't really express my confusion about it
An independent branch of Indo-European.
We stand with Armenia
Also bread is free in almost all taverns.
This helps Greece because previously the debt re-payments would come in "spikes", so nothing for a few months, then 2-4 billion owed in a 6 week span, and same again a few months later.
Popular sovereignty is the foundation of
Not exactly about the EU, but about Erasmus (which is an EU program)
This country is a bad neighbor.
) makes cuss words sound better by default
I think that also depends on the level of education for the people who 40+ years old, usually the most educated of them know (some) English
Just like a few Nazis voting for PiS doesn't make them a fascist party
I am sure that there where voices that were against it but nothing extreme
In Greek it is σφυρί (sfyrí) which isn't badass to me at least, but yeah
The war they fought was against the occupying powers, not the Ottomans.
It was against one system, or one part of it.
You're welcome to copy our tactics
Slavic people were definitely the larger though, that's where you get all those Slavic looking Turks today from :P
Presents feta, you called for salty
If this number for Greek is correct, it means we have more letters than phonemes.
he often "loves people very much" too.
I can't see her carrying poo bags and I'm concerned.
All the way
In Greek we don't really ever use the pronouns _I, you, he/she/it, we, you, they_  since it can already be recognised by the word's ending
We are comfortable with receiving millions of immigrants of questionable civility, yet we keep firm on keeping turkey out.
Supposedly it has been revived, but with the pandemic and all, it's kind of a no-go
Then the northern suburbs are pretty nice (more greenery and overall richer) and the south suburbs are nice too
America, and the world at large needed the jolt to wake because they re asleep at the wheel.
[Here] is our celebration for the 2004 Euro
&#x200B;
This is common not just for businesses but for countries too by the way
I am so jealous of cities that have rivers flowing through them
With that logic he is also obviously anti-muslim
I can't understand the Cypriot one
It's about your financial situation, while social credit score, I imagine it would be something you'd be granted for doing some socially good deed like cleaning up a beach
The worst thing is, that your packages have absolutely no results but your politicians (especially schauble) still push them.
And we are really thankful for that mon amis
I call bullshit on everything over 50%.
All Italians say 'il weekend', 'i website' etc But the grammatically correct would be 'lo weekend' and 'gli website'.
greek:
No it is Constantinapole huehueheuheuheu
Γειά, το όνομά μου είναι Γιάννης. Χαίρομαι που σας γνωρίζω. Από που είστε;
The more I look at it, the better it gets xDDDDD
meh
which country in europe was not homogeneous at the time?
But I dont think that would be allowed to happen since corruption is always a 2 way street and some of other EU countries will have some of their laundry aired in public if that happens
Can't wait to see this be the norm where I live
It is an essential part of the modem Greek spirit
Don't mind him he is overreacting a little bit.
there is always an exchange in languages
Hope dies last though
A city center is a whole different story
Most important battle in British history
They sound fun, especially if you combine them, lol
The girls a treasure
Seriously I can't remember the name of the book, maybe I'm wrong but I remember that some Byzantine Emperor had a very similar title
Testament to their quality was that in every phase of my life I got different jokes
When I'm travelling abroad and suddenly overhear someone else speak Greek I feel like my mind glitches
The first mention of the word Britain was from an ancient Greek merchant, I am pretty sure.
There is no way they would give him the prize now, not with racial tensions running so high as they are.
And I'm European have lived in both places (Europe and US).
Thank you
“In no case do we link the sanctions
We also have random sand dunes on an island
Ouzo, Tsipouro and Retsina
Greeks create the first alphabet in the world and instead of having 1 letter per 1 sound they had 7 combinations (ι, η, υ, ει, οι, υι, ῃ) that all sounded like "i" according to mod
Fine we'll make an exception
Start with Mesopotamian civilizations, ancient Egypt then Persia
(3) All powers are derived from the People, exist for the benefit of the People and the Nation, and are
I guess the parents couldn't decide between a normal and a cool name
Also i like how most if not all the media blame Trump for the 2nd wave (100% at fault for the first)  whilst not even daring to mention the effect that the protests and the massive crowd gatherings may have had to this
Pineapple was made by a Greek in Canada by the way
The Vikings weren't what you think they were.
From where are you
Norway Media: Our political party leaders had an debate yesterday about Christmas
Philosophy
Sadge
Hmmm
Joint 3rd babyyyyy
Well, Erdogan said he will provide Greece with help for Friday's earthquake that hit Samos (Greek island off the Turkish coast) and Smyrni
Hahaha
Κανένα πρόβλημα,  και εγώ φιλικά τα γράφω και πιστεύω πως αν αγαπάμε πραγματικά την Ελλάδα δεν πρέπει να τσακωνόμαστε μεταξύ μας,  άλλα κάνουμε το καλύτερο για τη χώρα μας και τους πολίτες της.
You will never surpass us Greeks in bus submarine technology go cry with your panzerkampfwagen's. Lol
Well, I'm going to say the Parthenon on the Acropolis
I didn't know that
I worked a week with my dad on a truck in the middle of Athens with no a/c and I almost lost consciousness a few times (we had to deliver everything by 12 pm so we were running around stressed a lot)
But Donald Trump said it was all a Chinese conspiracy!
MeRA25: Varoufakis' project
a long history of expelling diplomats and spies between them
What do you thing would be a more appropriate word to use
1)We have a unique alphabet
Yeah and it has nice taste
I sometimes read about EU, for example new EU laws and regulations, so I guess that I do to some degree
r/2balkan4you in real
Cyprus on the other hand has send songs such Gravity, Alter Ego and Fuego in this time span
Unfortunately, now both countries suffer from corruption, so both of them are not great for a stable living
Athens is still full of life and good food, don't get me wrong
Most Greeks don't feel they belong in the Balkans, me included
Lmao and there it is, your true face is showing
We also take Italian sandwiches pack them with 5 times the normal amount of Italian beef and then dip the entire sandwich in a rich gravy
i'd say most students and young people can hold a conversation because it's treated as mandatory for you future when growing up
Oh my sweet summer child
nah it's the most common thing among us balkans
Obviously what also affects my impression of the commute is the usually lackluster income or type of work that rarely makes it worth the trip
We don't believe in gender roles either
c) is a bit of a moot point cause Dublin's population is growing faster than the housing market, because of the job opportunities
I don't like feta, last souvlaki I had was 6 months ago, not a fan of ouzo and I'm not really a beach person
The norm in the West is a liberal culture.
Ahem
Probably because it's so strong it wakes you up
I wanna see gta where you're a chav
Yeah I was about to say it looks a lot like the Niva we have here
I was at the IT guy's office, and I typed the password thinking im typing in qwerty
Yet why Germany feels like giving money to Serbia
Now most greeks have side businesses like  olive oil selling from middle october to middle December
That's not entirely true, we are not a tropical country.
Wasn't Macedonia slightly bigger though?
And a lot of it
If they had to obey exactly the same laws as us and left their way of life back in their shitholes, I wouldn't have a problem with any of them.
He was a Pontic Greek so his name is Napoleontas Vonapartidis.
Pure red
110 means go as fast as you can
We say "in Kolopetinitsa", a small village near Delphi, for something isolated and forgotten
Maria Callas probably but she was born in the US
Αυστροουγκρική αυτοκρατορια
the man who sold Macedonia
Indubitably
This is quite bad too:
I'd finally lose all the extra weight I've been gaining from eating crisps at 3am, in exchange for **happiness**.
Romania has great engineers and hopefully a bright future.
So , I guess it would be more economically developed more united and peaceful the political climate will be better
That doesn't sound that much different ethically than farming animals for meat tbh
This is why the first thing a free state must do is to make sure there is seperation of powers, really independent courts etc.
Anything bellow 10 is deadly cold
That sounds interesting
Here these are the anarchists and the people against those in power
\- Ioannis Kapodistrias (first head of a newly independent Greece)
6 years of elementary school, 3 years of gymnasium and 3 years of Lyceum ( I think they are called junior and senior high school in English)
That dont sound so bad,i might adopt it
Well, us Greeks we love you, but our government is fully compromised
The only thing I couldn't taste was fish, it's just a pitty
Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain and Cyprus are countries family centered
Another candidate could be the Units for Reinstatement of Order, but I guess that goes into political territory
But yeah it's the party of Varoufakis
Little child me thought Portugal was the orange France
I’m surprised it’s not listed on the menu considering they have a box for it
i've seen it being done in front of me more than once
m) maisonette, 4 bedroom for 380k euros
Pretty funny that most haters here have kebab origin
People associate Greece with the Aegean and the islands and the Parthenon.
Always
We easily jump to other people's wars when asked, i dont think it would be very hard to organize.
Skip Verona (unless you want to do the whole shitty tourist Romeo and Juliet thing) and substitute another town instead.
>Oh
His father, an armatolos (mercenary in service of the Ottomans, initially at least) called Karaiskos, raped a nun who became pregnant
In Greece the food quality just needs to be in a basic good level
Stop pretending that you're the victim.
But maybe it's also depends on the job, for example I would  guess that there would be specific rules for nurses
Dekaokto(18)
>(this may differ from house to house)
When I was last in Ireland it hit humid 25°C and I wanted to die, then came back to Greece and it was dry and 30°C and it felt so much cooler and nicer
From what I know,there weren't any protests or any other forms of public unrest in order to abolish the death penalty
No Milliard
Is Greece looked down upon
Athos monastic community
We will have the long awaited Balkan Wars sequel.
There's literally hundreds if not thousands of those, can't list them all
I didn't expect that
Figured as much, vitam is mostly solidified palm oil (φοινικέλαιο), that's why it's also allowed for fasting (νηστεία)
Not many have been saved in Greece
I agree, I also think that [this] article that a Greek user posted before is a good read about the situation in Greece.
There is a video of Boris Johnson reciting the Iliad
the temple was near the beach
We can put an ancient Greek epsilon or another symbol that represents Greece as a whole
If they were doing 1/10 of what they do in Greece in the UK or Germany, they would have been arrested and suspended from the university, believe me
The dolls are called like that were I am from, obviously not Russia :)
I'm not saying that people should stop going there but Santorini foreshadows other must - go places in Greece
Then we got ftth* at 100 up - 10 down or 200 up 20 down for, get this 40-50 euro and 50-60 euro with a bunch of land line minutes that you of course won't care about but they have to justify the bullshit price
I don't think that anyone cares about that
All that while he was living in Athens
Imagine the farmers from the island Crete would fly to Athens to party for the weekend with Cuban cigars and then they would take the first plane in the morning and they would go immediately to work to their greenhouse
I learned French back in high school so sometimes I mix up pronunciations of English with the French equivalent
Awkward thrice kissers should be banned!
ΓΕΙΑ ΣΟΥ καληnotches
As simple as that
I think that this is happening in most of the world though
Guess neutrality will do that to ya
We elected him and now he runs it
You know what troubles me the most?
Glory to the Red Army, the veterans and all their sacrifices
IF you need something tell me, but I guess you can easily find a Greek in Australia
Yes, I should have pointed out that I was referring to the traditional interpretation of Santa Claus
51 is penínta-ena
Who the fuck cares about the churches?
I've heard stories from a friend of mine who was born and raised there, where the local gangsters would have great relationship with tourists and would show them around, have a good time etc
Xenofones Cyrus anabasis
Nordic is more epic though, Norse reminds me of Morse code.
Wanna go
My ex was from Fyn and I've noticed that Fyn's climate is strangely similar to that of my hometown in northern Greece
Rebel red ftw, cheers from Cork...
Amazing
And **Tis Dikaiosinis**, I would add
You should try and read about demagogues and the havoc they reap in the societies they thrive in
Woah, cool it with the fake news dude.
> yanni
I can't believe people still complain about this.
We were land of the free for you ancestors, when it was European countries that failed to provide them with a livelihood or the ability to practice their own religion
Archemides
If no one plays, we all win
Yup, Greece
Like how do they keep them out
I mean Europe has been depicted as a woman since her inception and origin
It’s a great name after all
Thank you
Well, I had a bit too many beans for lunch
But generally the situation isn't good here, we need more and better infrastructures because there aren't a lot of such infrastructures
Then the economic crisis happens, almost all of Pasok dies and goes to Syriza and then Tsipras make the same name deal with N.M. When the Simitis government was caught cooking the books for a decade using currency swaps, there were actually MP's from Pasok saying N.D. were traitors and stupid for telling the world about how Greece and Goldman Sachs were ripping everyone off for almost 30 years
I also liked the movie An (2012) and Worlds apart (2015)
Companies usually just hire you as a part time worker and then work you as a full time worker, or they just hire you for whatever the market pays undocumented.
They put quality over quantity, but without the quality
It was not in the in interest of the Greek state to get rid of Nazi collaborators, since they were helping them fight the communists
It's free GDP that Greece has been losing because of our stubborness against private universities
I have scheduled a trip there in 15 days and I havent fully understood the severity of the situation
Will we see fiscal union soon - no imho.
And ionians are taught to be one of the three major Greek tribes
Does that mean that we're 'sister nations' with these countries?
The EU is not built on conquest and slavery like the Roman Empire
It's tremendous, fantastic text , best text i have seen in my life, believe me.
I have lived and by live, I mean one month plus in Marousi which is considered a very good area by Athens standards, but I just couldn't stand it
Finally we are a nice, warm and cheap location for well off north Europeans to retire to
* [A pharmacy]  [in Argyroupoli]
I was really expecting them to like RKO it or something
Yes, and also the genocide of pontic Greeks
Broke af, so here is my love and wishes bro !!!!
What the
Android is cheaper, it does the job done
Please don't kill me
I'm so jealous of people that have a middle name
By that time Mars would be blue too
but my pockets say no :P
And basically the only thing that changes is the prefix
In fact, in my opinion these rules will only be beneficial for the English language as they will help with the communication and it's understanding by people who don't already speak it
The article is the first google result i got.
Furthermore most greeks would not accept it.
E.g. when you feel jealous of someone driving a nice car you are actively working in your life to maybe one day get it as well
I'll have the Drumstick Highlands plz
>Minors  in the Kifissa prison were beaten with wires and socks filled with  concrete
What I hear when some foreigner saying that they want to visit Mykonos is that they want to experience what many other Aegean islands have to offer at an impossibly high price
Both from police and uniformed thugs and private thugs
But overall I hope Athens would be better for business etc
Cost of life is also relatively low, though from what I understand the language can be pretty hard to learn
It's a perfect feeling listening to the fire in the woodstove burning while watching the snow
We are first at something
Are these choices available everywhere
Beautiful
And nobody is in jail yet
Ah also for some reason Polish people STILL watch state TV (PiS propaganda tool), I haven't figured out yet why
Aren't we worthy of the qifsha ropt award 2020
Greek state puts thousands of people in camps packed like pigs living in fucking tents and generally a fucked up situation
Oh we have that as well
My favorite one
Average sunshine days are similar in Greece and Portugal and there are many forest fires and droughts here too, many times deadly
I get the impression that it's always early with winter hour and you have more "me". Instead with summer time, the hours go by like running water
That's the village of Oia, in the island of Santorini
I just picture the EU, a map of it, and that one picture with the flags lined up
One  detainee at Patras prison in May 1945 writes simply this: “They beat me  furiously on the soles of my feet until I lost my sight
That said, I totally feel your pain, I passed through the same shit myself with the national exams
no work *productivity* is the problem in Greece, big difference.
It has beautiful neoclassical buildings and nice ancient monuments
Parecía ruso
A 30,000 year old sculpture found in Austria in 1908
These are the universities I'm applying to: Jagiellonian Univ, Masaryk University, University of Szeged, University of Zagreb, & Medizinische Universität Wien.
Today it was 32, which is hot but ok hot
Yes, exactly
Nothing
If I could choose the three to learn itd be Spanish Arabic Mandarin
Το ποιο? Εγραψες καποιο επιχειρημα? Γιατι εγω μονο την προσωπικη σου αποψη βλεπω.
And basically the only thing that changes is the prefix
I love it when I stop thinking about a thunderstorm's immediate effects such the lightning and thunder as something distant, and instead think of a thunderstorm as the violently energetic natural phenomenon that it is
*Italy has capitulated*
5: Athens, Athens - Airport, Thessaloniki (the first IKEA in Greece, from 2001), Larissa and Ioannina
It looks really good though
last week an old man from [trikala] started talking to me at the bus stop.
Orban is establishing an illiberal state for many years and noone did anything about it
Even on fast track, the "out" process will take time.
Milk keeps me hydrated
Yeh like Portugal or Spain, preferabbly ones that havent built their "economic miracle" on the backs of a worldwide corporate tax evasion scheme like Ireland.
>But I love anything made out of milk, cream, butter, cheese, yogurt
The Incident at Petrich, or the War of the Stray Dog,[2] was a Greek–Bulgarian crisis in 1925, in which there was a short invasion of Bulgaria by Greece near the border town of Petrich, after the killing of a Greek captain and a sentry by Bulgarian soldiers.[3][4][5] The incident ended after a decision of the League of Nations.
People will start thinking if they really need it or not
Edit: The point the video was making was that this (young people making babies) is the primary goal of Erasmus
This is art
Firstly because they're more open-minded regarding different recipes/cuisines and secondly because of the range of information available online
I'm Greek and I've never understood how a simple political ideology like democracy can be rooted to a certain time and place.
In other cases, people may even shout something like "εεεεε!" to get the driver's attention but then not say anything else unless the driver doesn't care
Actually it is sustainable for at least a decade.
For example 1 euro and 2 cents is written as 1,02 euros and one million euros is written as 1
I have had some of the best and freshest fish dishes here (the island is famed for its sardines), I lost count of the local ouzo brands (there are also a couple of ouzo museums on the island) and one should definitely not fail to taste its (protective destination designated) ladotyri cheese
I was joking about the Venice part, all Italians are the same to us and there are no grudges
I'm not really a fan of those either
[Charybdis]
The answer was always NO
Damn, had there been the daily mail in the place of The sun, it'd have been the daily trinity of shitstorms
Personally I like my own town's beaches best (Kalamata)
Source
I had seen a video claiming that Erasmus was created so young people from different countries would hook up and eventually some of them would have kids
Glory to the Red Army, the veterans and all their sacrifices
The seafront is always a hit, night or day, to enjoy a drink and watch people go by.
So very sad
Danke mein Deutscher Freund
Of course Europe needs the UK even if the UK is outside of the EU.
Or all yellow cheeses "kaséri"
I'm so atypical that people from other countries that have been to Greece or met Greeks never perceive me as Greek (unless I tell them)
Angela, it's OK I'm a mouth breather
Αυστροουγκαρια
Tangentially, In Greece polytechnics are the way to go if you can finish them
We need to be noticed, and more importantly HEARD from all distances
I really wish you guys the best and for things to calm down
The more I look at it, the better it gets xDDDDD
Wright brothers to moon landing felt much more grand
This phrase is actually a misquote (perhaps the most famous greek misquote) from the movie Η Χαραυγή της Νίκης (Dawn of Victory) of 1971
Kindness yes, but still treating them as foreigners
Also, I have no idea about the modern architecture, but there are loads of greek temples all over turkey's coast if that counts as architectural similarity
Anyone who says I shouldn't be can kiss my tan, Mediterranean ass
According to this list, "Η Λάμψη" (The Shine) has been the longest running Greek TV series
\- cons: you cant go out cos Antarctica .. *sigh*
Oh, and an Internet connection as well
All of the modern Greek royalty have been of Bavarian or Danish heritage
I would thank Great Britain for storing temporarily our marbles in top condition
Also a manic clenching to the past while not actually following the ancients' examples
People saying "Opa" really isn't all that common especially in the way it's used/known around the world
But I think that some democrats like Sanders are actually center left
>For EU nothing changes
Thank you Netherlands for your support
plot twist:
we help them to grow their fortunes and their descendants to control much of social and financial life in the the country
How are you calling *your* argument weak ?
You can always vote for another
Yeap that's right
Quick and dirty translation: Recital of hypocrisy by Moskovisi: No more austerity for Greece but 3.5% primary surplus for many years to come!
"Hero" doesn't mean being Leonidas or Horatio Nelson..
Για τι μάχεσαι; = What are you fighting for
Self defense laws are shitty and in away they help the perpetrator
I visited the Museum of the Macedonian Struggle in Skopje and it was a really weird experience
I hope it will get improved but I doubt
These are also like little kebabs, right
I guess we will know more soon enough.
In all seriousness though, I get it, it's not really easy to be able to stand both
Plus the drivers behavior is awful
Hellas, because Greece was an insult centuries ago
Chilly: -1 -- 9°C
\*Ancient Greek Literature/History Classes\*
Which was shocking, because I always heard that they are extremely reserved and cold.
I bet he went to heaven for that
After the arson of the Lesvos camp Germany agreed to accept 1200 refugees out of 15k. Handpicked
* Sellotape for sticky tape
(but I prefer the turkish version much more powerful )
Technically, yes, and then Turkey decided it's their turn to fuck shit up well after the Junta was toppled
- Tinos island: The past few years Tinos has been making itself a name as a gastronomic destination
I suppose he meant that Americans don't have the habit of learning a foreign language because you can get by with plain good ol' English
They only want to fight the police
Doesn't surprise me in the slightest
Congrats guys
I hope there aren't any victims
Rape or murder aren't the only actions that break the law.
It's usually very snowy, especially in northern Greece in the winter.
I think in my country not so good
My (quite long) experience with beaches in Greece (islands and mainland since the 70s and the 80s) is that it used to be more than 50% - especially in the 80s: it was like there was an unwritten rule for women that they must go topless, especially British and German women
Hmm depends on the crime though, I think pickpocketing is pretty common in all lines; I'm not saying it to be negative, just cause awareness is the key to avoiding it
The byzantine empire I'd say neutral
This picture is amazing, and the Easter eggs (especially the Holy Mary pic) are quite the treats hahahaha
I loved bath as a town when I visited but I also love London <3
So I guess they exist .. somewhere
The Cypriots speak Greek and we still cannot understand what they are saying
The clown state in which we are living today and which tortures us by all possible means, has its foundations back then
But yeah this law is kinda anachronistic, but even in that case women who rape men will be punished as rapists, I think the only difference is terminology
Which is wrong
The only way this would work is Greece developing as a logistics hub connecting Europe to Africa and Asia
From what you're saying I understand that it's clearly a matter of perspective.
''Παπάκι'' (papaki) and it means duckling
Sometimes it does, and I'll generally appreciate the effort considering how difficult Greek is when you don't grow up speaking it
Come on guys , who wants to pay first?
Wow, I've actually seen that before but it never occurred to me that it's a different symbol, I always read it as "κ" like short for "και". Pretty cool, thanks
Isn't that a French thing
Yeah Cretans are really great
I agree
They don;t just have tables, they have rooms on the upper floor
Like how do they keep them out
Also many people are leaving to study in universities outside of their towns/cities
As they did with other words
Btw the guy you answered to is a troll
think so
It seems some former communist block countries value the welfare of the economy more than their personal freedom and democratic rights, and big part of population is happy to live in an illiberal state if they have connected it with a better economy
Many Greeks have already commented but I just want to add the vending machine and the antikythera mechanism (or any other astronomical automatic mechanism), as well as the first ticking clock and central heating
> they would have been much worse off without the EU, yet all they do is complain about austerity politics
It's this homey feeling that a soup creates, which make it impossible not to love it, regardless of what it's made of
He is obligated to let me cross the road by law"
Its the same memes repeating every month or so with some extra ones occasionally
In [Glyfada] a 325  **m²** (sq
Vittu saatana
People hated the idea and thought it was stupid because of the traffic
Η υπόλοιπη Ελλάδα είναι irrelevant
This is all fake, Finland doesn't even exist.
Every Greek wanted Portugal to win Euro 2016 mostly because of Santos.
As a person born and raised by the sea my heart weeps for you
We love you Viking bro :P
It makes Germany feel right at home
Nearly all of our feeds are Greek products cultivated though contract farming under the guidance and supervision of agronomists, and with respect for the environment
I was living in the dark all this time
France has the third largest nuclear stockpile in the world, doesn't it?
The tourists that go to mainland go to Athens and  Thessaloniki
Indubitably
man, we only hang out in the suburbs because it's nice there
That's the Emperor of mankind, show some respect, heretic!
[To Koulouri / The Bagel] is the Greek equivalent of The Onion
But I agree with you t , because the class is biased towards Christianity and it gives more emphasis on it , but at least it is not compulsory
Based
Hopefully by the time they realise it won't be too far gone
There is no animosity post WW2 and no hot topics between Bulgaria and Greece anymore
A month ago I learnt Nokia is finnish and not japanese
State + media: Oh, it's the Germans, they hate our sun and our history, they want to bankrupt us
Call the cops
The Germans are coming
I often get `νευρικός` (angry, mad) mixed up with `nevrous`. They sound too similar and sometimes I just think it's the same word
And like Yanis Varoufakis once said about politicians "If you WANT to be a politician, that's the wrong reason
we have a proper communist party whose goal is to remove all democratic processes and establish an authoritarian regime like those of the good old days
Once my girlfriend wanted to say "Αγάπη μου" (agápi mu/my love) but instead she said "Aράπη μου" (arápi mu)
No, nothing like that
And then proceeded to count in Greek, It's very funny but I feel bad as he was really enthusiastic about the Greek language
I guess magiritsa (μαγειρίτσα) a soup made with lamb offal and -at least in my area- lettuce inside
50 cents for a small bottle (500ml) and 1€ for a large bottle (1,5 liters)
Because you'll eat your coffee ice cream in a few minutes, whereas you will prolong your pleasure by slowly sipping your coffee for many more minutes ;)
It's ironic how I watched a YouTube video just know, dating a year or two back saying how Hungary is the most corrupt government inside the European Union
Edit: The photo is still from the construction phase
1925 dictatorship
Well, better watch what you vote the next time a lunatic tries to persuade you that others are inferior than you and fuck jews
&#x200B;
We have too many earthquakes for nuclear, too few plains for solar, too few major rivers for hydroelectric, and too big a sea border with Turkey for wind turbines.
Born and raised in a very busy municipality and having been across Athens and it's suburbs, I can say that the city itself, especially the center is tragic for the prestige it's associated with
I'll just shut the door on my way out...
Hahahah that’s an extreme statement
I don't know where you pulled that out from.
You talked about 'Greek blood' in your previous comment.
And good luck to them, because the closest they will get to them is through the official websites and Google maps view
Then again in the spelling bees I remember that they often use hard words which sound easy for me because their ancestry is Greek, like for example any medical term
what kind of site is that ? I've literally never seen it before
Btw I am kinda surprises that someone found this thread after so long
Question to our french friends: How anti -EU is she?
They were literally fighting to keep an empire from falling apart just because it was theirs
( and it's higher from 1980)
With some exceptions of course, tourists keep all going to santorini and mykonos, and there are a lot of other great islands which imo are far better, that foreigners don't know about (though there are always foreign tourists too, I'm talking about general knowledge)
About their culture I know that they mostly speak Spanish and secondary Portuguese (mostly Brazilians) , they are family oriented,  I know they are generally hard-working and I know some foods and music of theirs
For example: Ti ora einai (What time is it
However Greeks were very skeptical and they didn't take any of it
It's a bit morbid :P
If I were a refugee I wouldn't want to put my life on hiatus for an indefinite amount on time.
yeah it is kind of similar especially with the seasons that are centered around different characters like skins did with different episodes
\*Ancient Greek Literature/History Classes\*
Να 'υχεσαι να 'ναι μακρύς ο δρόμος" probably,
You okay there buddy
Thessaloniki: Outgoing, fun and "chill". Slightly noticeable accent
Sorry to break this to you, but [they are already the 3rd largest party]#Results).
For Belarus everyone lost their shit
That only can decrease travel time by 20 minutes.
I'm gonna chip in for Greece, let's see:
Klephts behaved more like outlaws while Armatoles more like an irregular army
we help them to grow their fortunes and their descendants to control much of social and financial life in the the country
But it had gradually stopped to be in effect since 1972,where the last person executed had burned his ex wife and two children alive
Πώς παίρνετε την ελληνική σημαία δίπλα στο όνομά σας
I am glad, however, that both of you not only tried it, but enjoyed it so much too :)
For the past decade and a half, the members of one parish in Athens celebrate Easter by [throwing Molotov cocktails in the road outside the church when the priest says "Christ has risen
Not with doves anyway
-paul
Unfortunately, if one has a good English accent, they get mocked by fellow Greeks because they put effort, and I hate this
The probem with Crete is that they have around half a million population
The Americans were supporting the king's coup and they were supervising the situation with American police etc and they expected him to do a coup during April
You have been through a lot
Ah, I remember those from the early 2000's.
not necessarily if you look at the context of your statement - Greece's debt caused by independent government's actions.
spare a Euro for you Witcher
Visiting as a tourist in summer will definitely not look that bad
Local refs on weed for instance is not as significant and important as national issues are.
It is the classical texts of ancient Philosophers in combination with Christianity that defined the West.
Kalathaki
VERY prominent in Greece, though mostly on senior high school
In France I have fiber for 15 euros
>After the meeting in Brussels, word got out, however, that the FAC failed to agree on sanctions against Belarus because of Cyprus’ demands on Turkey
" Oh I guess this is gonna be pretty normal
I don't think Greece has been part of the QE program yet but is still trying to get in and might be very soon.
Fan of liver here
3 | 133 | Sweden, Austria, Ireland, Italy
Wasn't Tunisia the place where dozens of brits were gunned down while sunbathing recently?
If i had a submarine, which of the two paths should i use
I know only my country's anthem and few others
He who laughs last, laughs the longest
25+ is hot
I really don't think that translates well due to things like cultural relativism and all
Edit: I forgot to mention that it was one of the 12 cities of Attica that Theseus united
Chin Diaper
[lol it's even known in Germany]
Oh great because the second one gives me headaches, I am kinda relieved now
There is that, coupled with the elimination of a strong middle class, people most likely to pay taxes and force others to, but it does not end there
I don't like this
Fresh seafood, I second that
That's July
They hate  cause they aint
Erdogan threatens us with war every month,they tried to send 4 million refugees through our border (they failed),they invade our waters and airspace every day and for some reason they believe that Greek islands being Greek is unfair lol
You are absolutely right
Like the 9th Muse, who presides over eloquence and epic poetry
well we gained our independence from the ottomans in 1821,but we have existed for thousands of years
I think I get what you mean by 'boring' face.
Pretty much every video game translated in greek was horrendous
&#x200B;
when you're from northern Greece
that was actually funny
Plenty of female leaders in europe, and none of them were the wife of ex-president.
In my time it was 7 courses for the test, 3 of them for all students and 4 specific depending on what you choose to study.
Unless we are playing each other
I don't think that time serving the public or getting prepared for war is time stolen or wasted
Fan fact
In Greece we do not have 'jelly'.
For example there's a tale about him saying "if you can't drink, then neither will I" and spilling his waterskin on the sand as they were crossing a dessert and dying from dehydration
This includes pancreases, hearts, lungs, kidneys, and is grilled
That's the best part imo, this is in a way what allows it to evolve
Fortune tellers
For some reason I've seen a lot of hedgehogs the last few days
They're mostly pretty much Slavicized locals.
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is meta content.
Slovenia offers to host first Trump - Putin meeting
Hand-trebuchet
Is it possible that you have lived there for so long that you forget how warm summer in Greece gets
They preferred blank stares
We borrowed MUCH MUCH more than our GDP allowed
If you go up you will the Rotunda , that during the Ottoman times it was converted to a mosque and has a beautiful minaret
It ended up not being a big deal but looking back things could have ended up much worse
( I am not sure if I expressed that properly, I hope you know what I mean)   .But I think that biggest reason that many people know the some us states is the media and the news
How are GC's taking advantage of TC's atm?
Hard to say
in other words, life is a bitche over there.
He said during an interview that if his party wants to be re-elected, they're gonna have to start putting people in prison
They are a brutally tiny minority.
The worst thing is that NO political party seems to acknowledge it as a problem or willing to do anything about it
what kind of barbarian does this
Close to where I live there is a road for bikes close to southern suburbs of Athens ( I  this it is this one [ there is another one relatively close to me [
it would be nice I suppose but "need"?.
Even better take the tour of Peloponnese by car
Though, I don't know if this is standard or just an inside joke of my company of friends
I just pointed out the fact that this may be a boost for Le Pen.
Independence is your only chance to get rid of this gorilla...
Wash your butt in the toilet, mushing poop on your skin isn't sanitary
Yep
However, forgive me if I'm wrong, I thought Armenia is landlocked, isn't that right?
My neighbors are mostly grannies and my mother she talks with them sometimes
You can consider yourself lucky
After Brexit and Trump, Populists Target Next Dominoes in Europe
I can't remember the other saying we have, but we have one saying: "In Zimbabwe" meaning a faraway land
I was researching bell labs history
If he was at risk of not having a fair trial in Greece or being treated brutally, then it would be the right thing to do.
But the numbers make no sense
there is hurting and then there is THIS
For the one you mentioned we usually say :
gentle reminder: Marseille is ours so maybe we'll reclaim it in the future
You could join a car club it's a common thing in Europe , the down side is that I know only of European car make clubs or even Japanese but no American ones
They claimed that "nemesis" plan (no one know what is it) in their manifesto today and also that they have made allies with other terrorist groups around Europe.
Something should happen about this, because Europe isn't just central Europe and northern Europe
Perfectly Warm: 24°C -- 29°C
Usually beach camps /sports camps
If you wanna read more, [Wikipedia] is a good place to start
I see the spirit of Heracles is alive in those anatolian lads
We live on cold coffee here in Greece, and not just during the summer months
Objectively, it sucks having to move through one if you have to
It is not a topic that is strictly restricted in female circles and it is only discussed when the pregnant woman is okay with having that conversation (which she is, at least 99% of the time)
Here it's pretty common but it usually ends in one liking the other
&#x200B;
For holidays
It has to be something really serious to be called
In Greek it's "skonaki". I don't know the etymology of the word, but it roughly translates in "little/small dust".
Germany is a very nice place
I don't really mind but sometimes they go
Before WWII and briefly during the 90s i think.
Are you sure Berlin is not a city in Greece
I have sworn to myself I'll never smoke
Such as:  Ioannis Rallis
1821 - 1940, 1944 - Today, Modern Hellenic Republic
(ahemm
Και γω, αλλά στα γεράματα έμαθα ότι τονίζεται αλλιώς!
I'm freakin' pissed with Greece's lack of proper management of EU development funds, let alone the fact that the UK has also been heavily funded, but somehow skewed a large portion of public opinion into thinking that the EU is some kind of oppressive regime
I was referring to winter styles
Year 5: Roman times (early AD), Byzantine Empire (\~500AD - 1500AD)
Well, no one asks for more money.
Not sure if it's Anatolian Greek or from Greek peninsula/Greece
This guy explains it very well in 6 min
Fuck yeah
You've just unlocked some disgusting memories I forgot I had
Loved the language
Oh and tho its uncommon now we still use romnios(ρωμνιος) (citizen of the roman empire, citizen of Rome been romeos(ρωμαιος)) even 30 years ago it was quite common.
TIL that it snows in Sweden too,besides Estonia.
I've always wondered the story behind this photograph
because the rest of the world is becoming big, federalization is the only way to go
Igor Stravinsky: In my not so humble opinion he is the greatest composer since Bach.
edited
#I FELL FOR THIS
Many claim it was because of treason that Candia eventually fell, when a Venetian military officer defected to the Ottoman side and revealed to them, the fortifications' weak spots
Nah, [Telephasa] is the mother of Europe.
How philosophers were executed for their ideas, and how often civil wars occured
I know exactly what you're talking about
Torture was widespread
Isn't there a Croatian minority in Banat?
As a Greek these does make me happy, so many negative news the last couple of months/years
Shops in tourist areas put small water bottles in outrageous prices 500ml 2,5€  and for 750ml 3,5€ similar to Paris
BTW I live in southern suburbs
What exactly did i say that makes you think of that ?
That means that       I am from the island of Lesbos
But, thinking ahead, in 2-3 generations after the unification of Europe, the national identities will be brushed aside, not eliminated, and the European identity will be prevalent
It's hard for me to make "she" and "see" sound different.
Greek has Cretan and Cypriot that are distinct dialects from the respective islands
Dimitrios Ioannidis
The economics one is bullshit as well, but that's a story for another day.
Mama Merkel is the main pillar of Europe atm.
[Meanwhile the greek PM Kyriakos Mitsotakis]
The Harry Potter books are also a catalyst
America does not lack a complete democracy.
: What are you laughing for
Plus the stance has changed
Before that they couldn’t go to school because they had to work
Why with Sweden
We call Ottomans subjects of the Ottoman Empire just as we call Soviets the subjects of the Soviet
After going out I couldn't find my friends, I tried calling but no signal
Totally agree with that
Also loud, a lot of fish like Greece, and a very social
Nobody really is against that, it was probably the right thing to do
Has what now
Parfait
So we pretty much survived the 1st wave without major "damage".
> mafia
The Olympic Games of 2004
Red: Math
Their organization was really good I cant see why you say it was disaster ..
Thank you my Hungarian friend
Here in Greece "Love, you are undefeatable in battle" from *Antigone* is pretty recognisable and kind of used
''Κρουασάν Σοκολάτα''==''Chocolate Croissant''
Admitting that you occupied the island because you wanted it and saying that we're lucky that you didn't occupy all of it shows exactly that you don't give a shit about the Turkish Cypriots, you just wanted the island and you're a hypocrite for bashing Greece about the same thing while hiding from your country's real motives and that's why every other country in the world is considering Turkey to be the aggressor and occupier
So yeah, they are actually neighborhood pets
There have been quite a lot of maps in /r/europe about the divisions of Europe, but I'd say Western Europe is Spain at the very least
BTW nice name .
During the Greek Civil War it was the first time that Napalm was used
I simply clarify the role that the IMF chooses to play in order to make this specific assessment.
If you're going to visit the Parthenon, make sure to not wear high heels
But I think the parents can be charged and the child will go to under the protection of the state (orphanage or something like that).
Oooo nie thats bad
In Greece fans get violent over Basketball, Volleyball, Handball and Waterpolo too
So I guess they might only be popular here in Athens
Καλά Χριστούγεννα!
As anyone would expect, Griko speakers have pretty much an Italian accent and also seem to use many Italian words.
5 had reeeeee-ing all all the place
They look prepared for an epidemic apocalypse!!!!
Here is a more accurate account of what happened
I spent a month in Lazio
Mostly we visit our ancestral cities/ villages
We regard them as Greeks, you as Bulgarians, the Skopjans as "Macedonians", etc
Does the orange north-eastern part of Egypt include Cairo as well?
I give a slight honk every time someonen forget to drive  when a traffic light turns to green
The worst thing I have heard someone say about Germans is that you are boring people with no sense of humor
As a student in the final year and currently struggling with my dissertation, googling how to do everything like structure, fonts, proper speech and listing sources, uh
There is a general dislike because of WWII mainly, but there are other factors that contribute as well
Also, I'm still sceptical if someone should abort her child if the fetus has health issues but I truly do support the protests
By the way this is not my video.
if I use a good vpn, they still cant see what I'm doing, right?
Excluding Meteora, I guess probably that
Summertime so it becomes night time between 20:00-21:00
My girlfriend loves Stockholm's modern art museum, but I haven't been there)
There are a lot of expressions about shiting yourself in fear like "I'm shiting out potatoes" or "I'm shiting out soap bars"
They already pollinate them by hand in China and it has become a huge problem cause it's not as fast/easy
There was definitely a source in English, that I can't find now.
Why would we want any blood money from these scumbags then?
Here in Northern Greece it snows maybe 3 or 4 times a year (like 2cm of snow that melts in a day)
Then ND is elected and they with Eurostat used the bailout funds to buy military equipment from France and Germany
So, here's the sad truth
YouTube is getting more and more cancerous as we speak
When i ask an american about his ethnic background, they find the question weird.
Well, Italian and Greek share many words since Latin also used Ancient Greek words
It's a bit far away from your coast...you need to conquer Athens before that.
So it's 100% safe to say it
unless you know the numbers before hand
Though why did they name it that, I have no clue
[Here] is an aerial view of the structure
We had to go there at 5 am and write our names on a list outside and then take a number of priority on the queue
>Second of all, to say that there is no blame to be put on outside factors (meaning the EU among others) is also just blatantly false
They go full Trump when confronted with inconvenient facts.
All the time
It just needs a chance to make the transition
Absolutely not annoyed, we are actually very happy when people try to speak greek
But they will also have to understand the consequencies of that too.
Usually I put ketchup or mayo and ketchup
Don't you tell me that you are one  of those beer guys
Bah, I hate that bit about surrendering
In capitalism you have economic crisis all the time
They assumed it's all beach and hot weather without realizing the country is mostly mountainous
I don't want to be bad but from that moment those people who got into the same meeting with my prime minister kyriakos mitsotakis are surely going to have a bad luck
We got 2 pork chops, salads, potatoes, tzatziki, and the like for 4 people
Aegean Airlines is cancelling two flights to Berlin’s Tegel Airport on Friday due to the 24-hour strike announced by ground staff at the Berlin airport
and most of the time Cyprus seems like an extension of Greece
but maybe they'll ask for more in return
Very cool
Out of the loop
Haha, I was just kidding(lol I know it's obvious)
His accent is pretty much spot on.
I like some of the culture but I can like it even if I am not Greek.
Roman Empire
Doves is just wrong
That's a big ass quest marker
The EU's relative silence on this is ABSOLUTELY SHAMEFUL
They partially made it since they hold part of it
It has almost the same effect like when an anglophone girl hears French
Italy's boot shape and Cyprus' swordfish-y shape are my favorite
That's because he's a dummy, Joey actually got 56
That's nice I also like to cook occasionally
Grenade attacks
Is there a thread on /r/europe that doesn't reference America?
Also Russian government is authoritarian and oppressive
it's a bit too nationalistic, and sometimes it's just straight up nationalist propaganda
Perfectly Perfect: 20°C -- 23°C
Νομιζω πιο καλα απο το honorable θα ταιριαζε το decent
Basis of Geometry
not a location but we call pork tenderloin "psaronefri" (ψαρονέφρι) which literally means fish kidney and no one understands why
Half if Greek half is Latin, still a bitch of a word but if I could right it down as I hear it I think I could manage, but if I had to spell it out in 8 seconds after hearing it, yeah no good luck with that
In Greek it's "skonaki". I don't know the etymology of the word, but it roughly translates in "little/small dust".
It's easy for you to say that since it's your mother tongue, A in baba and a in Artekin is not the same though
Apply here" ads, but I don't think there is enough cash available for that.
imagine being so out of touch that you are intimated by the truth spoken by a teenager
Apart from it, one could say we are the place that took the big hit of the immigrant waves coming in the EU with the goal to go to major European countries like Germany
Milk is refrigerated
Either you fight for the rule of law in the European continent or you don't.
People were/are passing their exams and they have to wait almost 6-7 months until they can get their licenses
This is man made and naturally created at the same time
How are we cheating
And, heh, Turkey is not European
Also, not teaching children about WW2, wtf
Average sunshine days are similar in Greece and Portugal and there are many forest fires and droughts here too, many times deadly
Coronavirus it's free real estate
our transition regions go from more developed to less
Yeaaah no that sounds wayyy to much.
I just wanted to weed out any possibility of your comment not being sarcastic tbh but yeah, mentioning the cost and duration of the passport is the second reason people laugh about in airports
And Δ is not delta it's thelta ("th" as in "then"and "that")
Why is it such a bad thing to devote time to help people in need?
*Italy and greece cry in ancient*
I'm pretty sure the EU is well protected from another greek crisis and not in the mood for another one of Tsipras' blackmails.
Dutch confirmed to be descended from beavers
In Greek letters only make one sound (with a few exceptions) and the spelling follows pretty predictable rules, so yes I can know how a word is spelled by hearing it
I get that but mainland Greece has many worth going places like Meteora (big and high rocks with monasteries on top them, with breathtaking views)
"Πάω να δημιουργήσω" (Pao na dimiourgiso)
That made me chuckled lol
Actually this is a cool sounding word.
You literally know only about the first invasion, right
(ot adjusted, considering time zones)
#*FUCK*
Tony_Abbot
Copy paste το έκανα, μην εξαπτεσε
so wait and see everybody
We only ever made mousaka or pastichio when we had relatives coming home from abroad
And the thing that annoys me the most is the word καινούργιο (kainourgio) which can be written as καινούριο (kainourio)
Not about Greece itself, but rather about our folklore; I have many times corrected people who are mythtaken about our mythology (Atlas, Medusa, the sun god, Persephone, etc)
Nope, repealing NN is a huge game changer
To put things into perspective there are only 21 McDonald's stores as well
Never they were given anything
I seriously wonder what they *think* we're supposed to do with the millions of Turks living there
There is no such thing, you can go back to bed.
I have been there two times and I am planning my third
Both of these are the wrong flags though
They are both private property
Ehhh tracking liking to shoot things to genes seems a bit extreme tbh.
And still a lot of Euro countries have disagreements and conflicts that thankfully don't devolve into war
It's just that politicians in the US (like Trump during the debates) are often SO OBVIOUS about dodging uncomfortable questions, it's mind-boggling
” Papers at Kew show British police serving  under Wickham to be regularly present in the camps
1000 χίλια (chilia)
Oh and he was a raving communist
So very sad
I sat inside, and I agree it's more pricey for Portuguese standards, but it's still cheap
Indeed brat
10°C to 15°C cold
To be fair, half-Americans have done quite a lot to harm America.
Same thing here and the Muslims are barely 5% .
Both people have to touch something red otherwise they will fight.
The issue however is, much like the government knew that the healthcare system wasn't build to support a hard hit from the virus they also know that Greece's economy can't support a non tourist year, so they are literally opening the country up with "restrictions" that unfortunately are just for them to be able to say "we put restrictions" but they really aren't substantial ones
If a parent chooses to give the name with a baptism, which is about 90% of the cases, the priest registers the name which is always a Christian name or an ancient Greek name (although I know of some exceptions where priests became "creative". Until that point, in all public documents the child uses the name AKO (without first name)
Why are you bringing up the Brits in order to "justify" how shitty the Ottoman Empire was?
**Maybe** I could talk to Spaniards as well but I'm not sure about that
Its like the whole population is trying to seem like something they aren't, and even though everyone is aware of it, because everyone does it, people keep on doing it
We have to unite our forces for the enemy is common; people who only eat patatopita
Mitsotakis is our Prime Minister
If you personally hail from the inland Black Sea region or a few other places where greek populations historically converted to Islam en masse, then it's likely you have more greek blood in you than most Turks.
That is a myth that the far-left socialist SYRIZA used in order to justify the expansion of state and higher taxation.
What do those three areas represent ?
She'll tell me crazy stories and how mangoes and bananas taste nothing like the shit we have here
Just because i dont buy Antifa 's bullshit,that dont make me a golden dawnist
what im trying to say is that this became news(again) because they are blaming russia with as always zero to none evidence
I believe that the Spanish soft d is the exact same thing but without the velarization, just a [ð̠], however I've heard Basques pronounce it exactly like in Danish, which might be a dialectal thing
> I'm curious as to how him being against democracy is received in the birthplace of democracy
mantis (αλογάκι της Παναγίας) = Virgin Mary's horse
The UK, France, Germany, etc all have large welfare states, public education, health, transportation, etc
I don't think you understand how big an investment it is for poorer areas to get into renewables and how long it takes to pay off
The clown state in which we are living today and which tortures us by all possible means, has its foundations back then
Easy for you to say, you never had any corruption to root out
The surnames that women have, end either in -ou or in -i.
I wouldn't mind if these countries return what they stole but that's a different topic for another time
most of the times they think I'm from Spain
How irresponsible are the Brits already
>“The whole thing”, spits Dr Gerolymatos, “was for nothing
It is fucking not, where do you think all these cats shit and piss
I've been to the Acropolis in the past year more times than most people ever do and I got my fill of it in a sense, it's incredibly awe-inspiring to me but it's... oppressive relative to the marketing of Athens
"I left our kids with the mother-in-law and went with my wife to our first date.
And it's totally understandable
As long as there is no Kurdistan we need Turkey in NATO.
I can see why this is a popular view.
Souvlaki vs kalamaki
If I was studying Greek philosophy and we only did Kant and Niche and I complained about it I would be labeled a racist.
Also interested
For most europeans religion is something that comes from tradition and you are not going to switch to a different church because they have a better PR campaign
This looks a bit like the head of my dad on a sword.
I think this will be a big year for Dutch tourists in Greece, German bookings are already beating records and its not even Spring yet.
The Greek regions that the Venetians ruled managed to prosper and experience the Renaissance, unlike the regions that were ruled by the Ottomans who were brought back to the stone age.
" gets upvoted and all
It's almost as if each country isn't a big homogeneous blob and even within countries customs differ from area to area...
Just kill me
Tasks for tomorrow:
Please turn yourself in at the nearest police station for deportation
I don't think people who live with their parents ever bring the girl home but personally (im 17) I just have to bring her when my parents are absent or ask my dad to take my mom and little brother somewhere
Thankfully, people voted the actual nationalists
its not like they cant send a team on germany to make him suicide by falling on 5-10 bullets you know
Shit :((( Stefan u were an wonderful person and an absolute mad lad
Great Food
The police here are
To be fair 28 is quite hot indeed
Homeric Greek (700-800BC) I think I'd recognize grammar, so verbs nouns etc but not make out the meaning cause they are not in use today a lot of them, studied it for a year in school but don't remember how hard it was tbh
Clearly a socialist state if that's true
It takes place on a scene when a Greek favored by the Nazis tries to convince the villagers of a Cretan village to give up the resistance members hiding among them
Venetians were not civilized against you moron.
In Ancient and Modern Greek, Xanthos is a term to describe light hair, anywhere from a dark Dirty blonde which is fairly common in Greece to a very light nordic blonde which is uncommon in Greece.
Why are you gay
I'm gonna visit my "country" for sure thnks for the info :).
Nope, we did not
It would be forked not 45 mins after such a move and that is why open source software is so resilient
Danish PM and NATO secretery for years ) talking about NATO.
If [Greece and Estonia can meet the 2% NATO threshold] there is no excuse for the rest of Europe not to do it as well.
It's not an argument, it's a statement.
I know who you mean, but that's in modern times, where one can have videos to get examples, can have a study partner to help with accent etc
Chances are, they don't. And security wise it's equally shit
A center right  party (New Democracy) that  took 39
No sane person would take a housing loan from a bank in Greece where the economy could be destroyed in the next crisis
I mean report who this specific person is and why they are abducted
To me it seems that these 3 countries are disliked by neighbors and surrounding countries due to not only historical reasons but also recent reasons.
lmfao @ Tsipras
"[75]
It isn't though, is it
I airbnbed in Ireland and I didn't come across it
Especially, the public transportation part is abysmal
fart on my dick can mean you won't/can't do shit to me
The fact that we have a deity for every little obscure thing makes me insanely proud
Imagine if northern Europe had to pay for its defense without the USA backing them.
To be fair, he did fall off the wall for a living, not exactly creative :p
Year 5: Roman times (early AD), Byzantine Empire (\~500AD - 1500AD)
Tbh I also think that around 15 C is fine, especially for this period
Η γενιά του Πολυτεχνείου;
The problem is not that you consider it ugly (find one Greek person who thinks otherwise about the city), the problem is that you found this post-apocalyptic mess of a capital romantic to begin with lol
Oh well, you might need The Communist Manifesto to solve that problem
they have systems capable of carrying nuclear warheads there is a difference..
That's the best movie
Even geopolitically, as that seems to be a concern of yours, a federalization will be truly beneficial for Europe, which is mainly competing with Russia, China, and the US on the global stage
Mush beans
It seems to do investigative journalism(a rare thing these days) not post crap it found on tweeter/facebook as facts.it may be that they are better at hiding (or i failed to notice) it but for me at least they haven't discredited their work with obvious bias and propaganda pieces masquerading as news.
I don't pay much attention to lyrics, the song has to be really offensive to stop listening to it
You do well !!! Milk is better than soda
Probably sometime during the Minoan or the Mycenean civilizations
I would take in all the amazing technology they had invented and the pinnacle of ancient civilization before the roman conquest and christian dark ages
There is even a traditional "battle" using fireworks, called rouketopolemos (lit
But seriously it depends ho you ask, because some people may like some people that other perceive them as rivals
* [Another pharmacy] (also added by another Redditor)
just
I am all in for the creation of new languages especially in times like these where globalization makes it all the more difficult for them to sprout
Write it for god’s sake
I thought that they said "Murica" before I read your comment
Meteora monasteries are also one of the top destinations in the entire country
I've been to Italy twice and I had pretty much the same experience that you had
395 -1461 AD Byzantine Empire & Trebizond (Not sure if they Count), Subdued by the Ottomans,
Also taxi and bus drivers are getting a lot of hate
the thought of a person like that makes me want to shoot someone
My mom does this every time as well
In Greece, everyone says Agrinio is the ugliest and most boring city but i can't confirm it since i have never been there
Also since i dont think you arent very educated on the Greco-Turkish relations check the Instanbul pogroms of Greeks in Istanbul in 1953, and then come back and tell me Turkish only cared for their safety
Day
They do not necessarily won't to get drunk to the point they can barely walk
impressive
>How is the Mexican food
Btw does anyone know why is Serbia using the Byzantine cross in their coat?
He was a Pontian born in Greece, he came from Odessa probably
Shops in tourist areas put small water bottles in outrageous prices 500ml 2,5€  and for 750ml 3,5€ similar to Paris
That translates to "the Greeks". Would be E-li-nes
We're all buying yauchts and mansions like Bild tells you we do.
one good thing Brexit did is unite Europe against a common enemy
It is not going downwards, it has pretty much stagnated, with salaries, taxes etc remaining more or less the same the last years
I've never visited a shittier city in terms of traffic and driving behavior, overall even more chaotic than Athens
At best, it'll end up the tallest midget in the room.
Greek written with latin letters.
Our driving culture is different and IMHO it isn't related to rules.
Censorship became a part of life
Afterall we are successors to the Romans.
It's named so because during the 400-500 years of Turkish occupation of Greece, they never bothered or managed to conquer Agrafa and so the area wasn't included in the Sultan's tax register, and the people lived freely in the mountains
I thought it was part of the mainland , not an island lol
That is why I find it funny how people still want New Democracy to win .
Yes, we have a bunch of antidiscrimination laws, both national and from the EU.
I used to work delivering food and I would be completely broke without tips
How can this not end up in tears of laughter?
Hello tropical weather
We also have those with the peppers but not with anchovies , I think .
Personally, I've never met anyone in Greece under the age of 60 that can speak it
In the summer months, it gets warmer than 30C *every* day with like 1 or 2 exceptions for thr whole summer
Also how easy is to aquire ID or other documents without a citizenship
If they go to Mulder's and Scully's hands I wont mind.
and why
Same in Greece, I don't think there's something like the Germans or Dutch have
I didn't dodge anything that you said.
Women need to step up their game
η (i), which means "the" (singular feminine)
I love my anthem, its great and very patriotic
Mental gymnastics at its finest
Thing is, those where local characteristics of those, and you cam be a fascist in a clean bussiness suit..
But I have also seen one video of someone who said that US was a nation of white people and other racist bs
I expected this result, in Greece university is like the only way forward, we are a heavily based white collar country
This picture needs more zoom and orange :p
Greece is probably the most pro-EU country in the Union, it would 100% be for a fully integrated Union if it was up to the people.
That's how all the threads in this series are, it's stupid.
1967 dictatorship
Yeah but I think Sparta can qualify as a city
In many cases we have more in common with Jews and Turks, than we have with Danish and English, for instance
Thank you EU for that
11 έντεκα (enteka)
the people dealing are already doing all they can the rest siting on the bleachers booing and bitching, need to get their heads out of their assess and help.Or at the very least try not to make things worst for us, if you're not wiling to throw in a lifesaver to the drowning men at least don't throw anvils
Yeah that's right
\- Ioannis Kapodistrias (first head of a newly independent Greece)
The ring of fire
(Or i guess Albania or Bulgaria) which is kinda already happening
Actually I didn't know it was not a common knowledge that Mussolini started his own "crusade" and on the process joint forces with Hitler or the whole Greek thing up until recently
Spelling in particular is extremely hard as we have different letter combinations that represent the same letter (like ι can be written like η, ει, and οι, all depending on the word and context)
How are there still people out there that promote the USSR’s tactics I just can’t grasp it
I don't know shit about biology though
It's hard to stay calm if one of the options is "perish."
Are you Hungry
You are arguing against cherry picking but when I pointed out that book argues masters of cherry picking cherry picked (say that three times fast) Atatürk's policies does that mean he is to blame somehow?
I like the fact that there is a road leading out of the EU and it is to the water
No good financial score might make a bank not give you a loan but no good social score might not allow you to visit a museum
These words should never come out your mouth after someone you have met says "I am from Greece":
I guess, I will come to you
Have you checked its underside
You were loyal to them, regardless if Serbs eventually had enough and revolted.
gReEk iS tHe mOtHeR oF lAnGuAGeS
Could it have been [lamb kleftiko]
Unless it's specifically stated in the agreement that whatever extra revenue is generated beyond the(0.5% for 2016) primary surplus target should be used as the troika sees fit/"pay debts"/saved(which would be infuriating in itself anyway imo), this shit is pure punishment.
I don't really get that last part.
I don't trust any of these "We've seen this before" articles.
STANDING IN QUEUES WITH 2M DISTANCE BETWEEN YOU AND THE OTHER MUMBLING GREEK
can't think of any, all are cool ancient names
Its was so popular here in Greece that were also versions in ancient Greek
Though with 50euros you can bribe (close your mouth) the DMV (Department of Motor Vehicles) and have your license in a week give or take
I live in southern suburbs and it is generally very safe here at all hours
And, as demonstrated in his very thread, in Germany a 15 year old is considered an adult as far as having sex is concerned.
In a country that tries hard to keep religion away from politics in paper, it's weird to see so much of it in the inauguration.
I've no idea why countries who hate immigrants are in EU
It also has quite simple grammar
Well the crowd is massive and i wish you the best in your campaign
Your everyday centrist liberal.
IF you need something tell me, but I guess you can easily find a Greek in Australia
lmao
Not to say it's real because what do I know
We're still thinking if we should have easter simulation or not
This is the Greek prime minister's tweet about it, saying how he's a true friend and hopes that the US-Greek relationship will become stronger now
I always thought that they had big population.
Eastern Slovenia weak /s
Maybe *there is* a union that needs taming, then!
It's actually a bad idea because he plans to steer the result to NO and use it for his own benefit, and in the process create a rift that will not heal even after he leaves.
On the other hand, I doubt Americans spark up a conversation in the elevator, the bank queue or a building's reception either.
Actually I didn't know it was not a common knowledge that Mussolini started his own "crusade" and on the process joint forces with Hitler or the whole Greek thing up until recently
Especially places that it snows in the winter
God damn, a Holy War is brewing
Its not
I would be so afraid to live in a house like that
Aegean airlines flight over the Peloponnese to celebrate the 200 years from the start of the Greek Revolution
o laos apeti,
I have close to 200kg in storage.
During my time in Belgium I realized that you kiss starting on the other cheek!!
P.S I don't live in Norway
But if it is real and the CSTO responds
> The British Museum has responded with the statement that "mistakes were made at that time
It's our superpower
And that he is unlucky,(i.e. when he was elected prime minister in July: Some time later (a week or so) there was the biggest or 2nd biggest earthquake in Greek history)
It must have been a tremendously proud day for the German people but that and what followed (Germany humiliates France(1870),France humiliates Germany(1918),Germany humiliates France (1940)) shows clearly that despite its flaws the EU is one of the best things to happen for Europeans.
Deka(10)
I like it, as long as the meat is good and it's seasoned properly
The Italians are too perfectly dressed
Regarding your first point, fair enough
I don't remember eating something that I disliked it
&#x200B;
That's why I prefer fried potatoes on pizza
It's still  6:58 AM there
Both of the saints that the Santa Claus figure was based on are from Asia Minor
Worst thing is that airports force you to dispose of your water bottles before check-in
[Frankly, it looks fucking awesome, not to mention terrifying
Aww, they delivered it to my door every September
Pro social liberalism coupled with free markets and sensible fiscal conservatism.
I am currently studying in another city alone and I do miss the noise of 2 families gathering to eat each weekend
04 wallpaper
There's only like 2 or 3 sentences that aren't funny
People in my workplace just couldn't work, they were laying around , trying to cool themselves and eating ice cream
BTW I think that today most kids "believe" to the modern version of santa klaus who brings gifts  and he is overweight, with red clothes, white beard etc
Στα ακουστικά ακούει yung Light φαντάζομαι
A very reliable engine without any of the bullshit that google has
Edit: The only thing that we don't have here from everything that has been mentioned already is this English bird pie thing
My name ends with -ellis
Aerial views of our cities literally look like wastelands if you squint your eyes
Plus the most recent and somewhat less controversial than usual.
People who litter make me sick, they're fucking degenerates
The square building is the hq, the one close to the sea is the eating hall - kitchen, and the other 3 are barracks.
Basically it's a mentality of: high school -> university-> find a job
About their culture I know that they mostly speak Spanish and secondary Portuguese (mostly Brazilians) , they are family oriented,  I know they are generally hard-working and I know some foods and music of theirs
400
Why should you blame anyone for the Balkan wars
Greece is similar, the north west in particular is not only mountaineous, it is also rather poor and with less ancient monuments than the rest of the country
>And if someone from outside of Europe asks me, I usually say that I'm German, because I'm sick and tired of talking about Kangaroos, Koalas and Australian Rule Football or whatever this is
In all seriousness we are screwed.
The government literally shot itself in the foot and gave the middle finger to all us non-smokers
But I guess at around 15C°, but sometimes higher
Practically all royalty have no real power
House has a good airflow meaning constant draft
Altough they seem (on average) a bit too brainwashed for my taste.
Also I think that kids in some countries like USA ( I think) can't just change their gender, they are seen by therapists to check if they actually have gender dysphoria or something like that
If we want people like Bannon to have less influence it is up to ourselves to solve these problems.
That's really beautiful
It is not going downwards, it has pretty much stagnated, with salaries, taxes etc remaining more or less the same the last years
Also according to your source t mean temperature between June and August is 24 at June, 29 at July and August, but the highest average temperature was above 30
Because even though you conquered half the world nobody wants to eat your food
He is also somewhat to the right
In Greece -Τελετέ Μπούκουρα- (a greek funeral service) has towels for the beach that looks like a coffin
Meanwhile in Australia you pay $100AUD to get 20mbps in copper wiring
Reminds me of the far-right party back in my country
I wonder if anyone will start talking like adults.
Seems like too much extra work
So religion was used both in support ( mainly as way to convince religious people, but I guess the same would have happened even if we had another religion as it did happen before Christianity) and  against the revolution but the official religious institutes such as the Orthodox Church was against the revolution
You can tell the world your side of the argument in ways that do not directly help a politician get re-elected
First order of business: Restore the Knights Hospitaller in the Holy Land!
I think that since you are both atheists thing are fine,  because I have the impression ( correct me if I am wrong)  like some differences ( like gender roles , religious customs etc)  that they have and we don't have exist due to Islam and (Erdogan), but I think that's mostly true for far eastern rural parts of Turkey
Politically
This is why the anglosaxon Left ( UK Labour Blairites, US Dem liberals etc.
Hello tropical weather
On a completely urelated note, Greece has the highest number of metal bands per capita outside scandinavia
Sadly similar cases have happened in Greece too more than once.
Afaik Achilles was described as having blonde hair though
We didn't lose our language when the Romans came, we didn't lose our language when the Ottomans came, I have little fear we will lose it to the Anglos
Unless there were multiple questions and these are just amalgams.
Jo Nesbø is really popular here
I'm lucky if I can find marshmallows to melt on my own
On paper that is
But for others, it took longer than that
In Greece we say Στου διαόλου την μάνα which translates at the devil's mother
It also gets quite cold where I'm from (usually -15°C although this year it hasn't even dropped below -5) but I haven't seen something like that either
It really depends on what you want though, if you just want an international luxurious experience with greek landscapes but lacking the greek culture experience etc
I have travelled in the Balkans and have seen that things could be much worse than they are now
And that Tim's work seems fine to me.
Wait, the washing eggs part is a regulation
Happy cake day
It's actually a turkish coffee towel
Above that we have 1st, 2nd etc ΟΡΟΦΟΣ.  I would say ΟΡΟΦΟΣ has an implication of being above ground level and you would never say ΟΡΟΦΟΣ 0 even if elevators assign it this number
)  Another reason might be that Goody's was already established there
Oh there's another one
If you bought all the land, yea you could, just as plenty of people own entire islands
Yay we are first
I wonder what's the criteria
Hat's off
>In short, it is kind of taboo but at the same time no one shuts up about it
Look at his abysmal approval ratings.
No one deserves to end up on an ISIS torture/execution vid.
Football matches are different.
It is estimated they generate 50 billion euros a year in the trade and they have their people spread all over Europe.
Bulgarian customs are very rich in history
Like *construction* cranes (waterlifting cranes were invented in Ancient Mesopptamia), probably the first Aquedacts[1], [Arcimedes' screw] [Cartography/maps] [gears] [the escapement] [the tumber lock] [plumbing] urban planning, showers, central heating and many more
Where I live the weather today is 23-31 C .
For the past decade and a half, the members of one parish in Athens celebrate Easter by [throwing Molotov cocktails in the road outside the church when the priest says "Christ has risen
And a car
Android is cheaper, it does the job done
Don’t Blame Us for Greek Austerity, IMF Says as Loan Talks Drag
They already have but man would a byzantine assassin be great
Thanks for letting me know
Problem number one: They are socialists.
No posh accent, really
En güzel deniz from an iconic songwriter
Then we had modern Greeks with a mixture of poetry and stories like Sepheris, Elytis, Papadiamantis etc
Ideologically hell no
Above 30 is the warmest that it gets in summer months , but not the average or the normal that it's everyday
BREAKING:Greek court finds Golden Dawn party guilty of running a criminal organization
I mean he even does not know the terms of accession of Cyprus to EU but he makes bald claims about it.
&#x200B;
There would be not a single realistic scenario where these parties would have succeded if it wasn't for the American military support.
And **no** Scandinavian countries are not socialist.
Thank you,  I will add it
Why is stating the facts about violence in this country whitewashing neonazis
For all our efforts and sacrifices the situation is steadily getting worse, with no solution in sight.
Christmas is a global high-point of travelling - thousands travel during that period.
That's why they keep bugging us with the 12mile casus belli, these uninhabited islands etc.
2nd: 330AC \~ 1453AC
We can go to Space together
Καλλιόπη = Calliope
I would love to see your playlist when its ready
Very surprised to find out it is the second largest city by population in the UK
Asterix and Lucky Luke were my first comics,love them
they milked the population quite hard to get there
I see a lot of people ( people you can't ackowledge that fact that there is a problem in Sweden ) that are really dismissive.
I saw many reports about the protests in Lebanon in the Greek media but nearly nothing about Belarus
Sure, communism in its proper definition is nothing close to the socialist totalitarian regimes we saw in reality, but those regimes were the only ones to gain power in the name of "moving towards communism" And we can see now that they sucked and the few ones that didn't suck were crushed by the terrible ones (see the end of catalonia in the Spanish Civil War and what happened in Czechoslovakia in the 60s)
Well yeah, but paying rent all your life is   .. sad
no not at all most people will actually appreciate it, but be carefull cause some pricks will try to teach you swearwords for example [this poor man] he thinks he is simply greeting people in Greek while he is actually saying "HELLO YOU WANKER (a bad word commonly used by close friends), HOW HAVE YOU BEEN YOU TESTICLE, PUSSYDOG" this video went viral in Greece and i feel very bad for this man who obviously doesn't know what he is saying
Not a word, but μεν/δε. It's kinda annoying to type the full "on one hand/on the other hand" because there isn't something better
Dare I say Mykonos
The letter
like the fact that trump would lose.
Let us hail you, oh Liberty
"we, on the contrary, shall fight for North Macedonia, and our hearts will be in it" Alexandreski Greatovic
You are not fulling anyone with the sunny sky
Up to 1950s two or more names were not used, so a new name was used being a combination of other names eg: Charalamposotirios (Charalampos + Sotirios)
The Lost Bastille
Greeks were not in such a good geographical position and generally in a state to manage to resist invasion however and unfortunately they took control here.
I've never heard that in school, thanks for the source tho
Greece for example is both Balkan and Southern European Culturally somehow
But soon after that it is normal to stop and go back to occasional drinking
(Edit: changed “beat” to “best”
Also are those people of Russian ancestry
Thessaloniki: Prettier Gray concrete
That's what happens if you want to reap the benefits but not pull your weight of your membership in the EU
You do not need to be a nuclear scientist to see that
if the punishment for stealing is to pay an equivalent amount in fines, people would steal all the time.
It's ridiculous how many of the refugees are just economic migrants in disguise.
Kyriakos Velopoulos
Oh they are definitely guilty
What can I even say about Greece
Giraffe=Καμηλοπάρδαλη (Kamilopárdali) spotted camel
So jealous
It's not like the planes are used for anything, not to mention that demand for fuel is pretty low right now
That is true, however, itis also true that the biggest evasions happen here by rich companies, many of which are international
You know what they say about dwarves
Hmmm
It means "bestie"
53%
Western Macedonia and Eastern Thrace to the north are quite sparsely populated so they are out of the average Greek's mind
I solely use it in recipes
Anyone but Le Pen if we want to be objective.
Glad we didn't change that one
Graecia & Magna Graecia (+the rest)?
How is such a community organized, what kind of jobs do they do, what about schools or hospitals
Also I even had a situation on school with one classmate which his mother put Tsipouro on his school bag instead of water
It'd be lit
There's no coverage of this at all in Greece
is good but we still prefer drinking beers from Belgium, Germany and CecchchhhchchchhTΤΣΕΧΙΑ damn it I always type it wrong
Do I care
Are we in any Hollywood movies that are made by non-Greeks
the rest sites reproduce the above pretty much
I nice song is Детство cover by michalis veos it's a sad type of song half Russian half Greek
Oh so someone is actually reporting about this incident
There is no such thing as a free lunch is a saying.
CyberPunk
If 2 people are planning and willing to become one under god, no mortal has a say on that.
RIP
Merkel/Hollande have complete power in negotiations and it might be in their interest for negotiations to go bad, both sides are not showing their cards yet.
Athens-Thessaloniki rivalry is a classic
Like, ZERO
It said it was going to happen in the weather people
Starting a family is doable, just not easy
You do realise Greek dna makes up a part of what you collectively describe as "Anatolian".
I know I would
Yes, I do have little optimism in regards to the future of the EU
Εγκέλαδος (Engelados) = Earthquake, and also a name of a Titan, son of Tartarus and Gaia, who shook the earth whenever he was pissed off
This always has had the effect of polarizing the people
you should have said "some very small islands that Greece **allegedly** took since 2004"
Maybe chicken soup (με αυγολέμονο, δε ξέρω αν έχουμε και άλλη), or spaghetti bolognese
Do the French want to give Le Pen a boost ?
But General Qassem isn't innocent
Haiti was the very first state to recognize the existence of the Greek State
They used the same tactic against his father.
The accent of Macedonia is considered beautiful but also funny
It's the people's front of twitter
Mal(a')ka \[Μαλάκα\] and Malak(a') \[Μαλακά\]
And internet bandwidth
Bulgarian customs are very rich in history
Who knows
Well
The US republicans, in general, don't seem that keen on defending the Baltics.
so we ask a local if there is something more we could see
The Greeks taste like olives with a bap of pine
I wouldn't want to be a judge in this case.
I mean did interstate borders ever close
An educated (or at least someone with any interest in education, say a student), family oriented person will likely integrate just fine here
We're too nice
Wait let me take a look outside
They said no homo before every interaction
Is it Beethoven's fault that Nazis used him as such?
It's pretty mainstream, but probably the Acropolis Museum in Athens honestly
Idk, maybe it's because I have more of a city experience than an island one
If you are against the idea of antifascism, then you are considered a fascist (spoiler: you are not so democratic)
That's awesome
Is it me or winter has finally come
I get dizzy just by looking at its picture
It's obviously pre Christian and apparently from Neolithic period
IT is not a repost, where are the other posts?
Serbian for sure
[Another one] from a different angle.
Made me curious
Ah, I thought this was some alt-right party that praised Mussolini like people do with Hitler
Although I see Fianna Fail and Finn Gael as pretty similar in most issues to be honest
Before that they couldn’t go to school because they had to work
let us celebrate ffs
Keep telling that to yourself, it's always Turks who say weird stuff like that.
Say boogieman a couple more times kai min ksehasis na tous valeis kai loulaki
They aren’t scared of people
Manchester by the sea is translated to "One city near the sea", I guess we hate Manchester or smth
Simpler is the fact that paying taxes here are a nightmare, especially on a hot summer or cold winter, because stupid and antiquated infrastructure means you have to go to the building you have to pay, and wait for a long time behind other people, although, again, the new government tries to remedy it, easing it would take money
If you do try it, let me know if you liked it
Just to make it as hectic, confusing and annoying for them as they make it for us
Nope, however, Greece has won one Euro Cup and would get 1 star on the Euro Cup Jersey, as would the Dutch.
Another fun story is the one of Zack Kostopoulos
The sirtaki from Zorbas and Zeibekiko tis Evdokias maybe
One of the few days in the last 10 years I've been proud of my country
Two years ago, the same poll had support at 36,3.
Yeah man, and you find them even cheaper, paradoxically in airports for example haha
) and take the film/videogame seriously
Don't get me wrong, regulating big data is a good thing, but it seems the Dutch only ever join when money is to be made
The Greek Deputy Minister of Health is a (not) nice example of someone unashamedly smoking whenever and wherever he feels like it.
I think you would be quite within your rights to ask if they'd mind using <language> because you'd like to practise
She was stolen a few years before the Greek revolution so I wouldn’t say she doesn’t want to go back
Dekaokto(18)
Omg he shouldn't have said stuff like that especially when he came to your country as a tourist
The meaning is more historic than religious
^(undskyld hvis jeg har lavet fejl, jeg lærer stadig:p)
That is not how a typical bedroom or office would look like
lol
Do Turks look to russia as an alternative ?
I replied "Turkish".
This one looks especially really good, good job :)
There is also the less common word **Βερβερίτσα (Ververítsa)** pronounced Ver-ver-I-tsa (where you roll the r's)
>phase out lignite by 2028
It always looks like natural causes.
That's mind-blowing
Turkey's location and shape would probably make them Mordor (it has the roughly same rectangular shape)
saying "sorry" instead of "excuse me" because they are the same word in greek
We have 1.5 m unemployed people, we need to create more jobs for them, that's why we borrow money.
They committed murders and hate crimes
How is BH south***eastern*** but Slovakia and Hungary central
And more
It's mostly due to tourism marketing
Of course, we have the 17th of November remembrance anniversary, in which we celebrate a Polytechnic students' uprising, but it's not enough
Even in the european sub we have to listen about this
Shame that people won't be able to attend (I assume)
I guess that  but in Greece nothing really
And many more
what kind of barbarian does this
Yeap, it's more logical to build skyscrapers when labor and raw materials are cheaper.
I know that's funded by EU , but I don't remember if there is a sign there
#laughs in spanish
I would prefer having a 'I don't trust any government' option
And you keep missing the whole picture and put the blame on the books?
Special unit to investigate mass sexual assaults in Austria
I do not think so
I prefer the rocky part so that I dry up faster :P
It's mostly due to tourism marketing
My guess is that immigrants (or bilinguals in general) translated the expression from their native language, and it stuck
I wish you to be able to enjoy milk again !
But that's what natural freedom means, the things that you are able to do based on your nature
Besides that, by Greek standards if you don't bathe daily you will seem like a weirdo, there are people who even wash themselves twice a day
Around 7
I have seen some videos where Americans freak out while trying to eat an octopus
Alcohol nowhere to be found
It is legal to change it at 15, but there's a with therapist and huge paperwork
No evil billionaire has enough power or gives enough shits to do what Soros is supposed to be doing
Almost nobody remembers it or even knows it existed
Not sure what your country is, but according to [this map] it would have been within the borders of Greece only
2 δύο (dio)
Many boomers can't adapt to their reduced income, they're used to having a good economy
So, we had had a military junta for seven years 1967-1974
BTW I live in southern suburbs
That is correct, sparta had already lost all power and influence by that time
You're right about that, cause the other book was Euripides Iphigenia in Tauris and it was actually much easier
Crete
During the final years of the Ottoman Empire, they did some pretty shitty things, like the [Greek] and [Armenian] genocides.
So this always gives room for some giggles
Cyprus obviously, but it feels weird to even call it a brother country, many here in Greece think of Cyprus and Greece as being one in the same
It will always be zero
Teza for any type of bug spray
Unbelievable
Νάρκισσος (Narkissos) = narcissist, and also the guy who loved admiring his reflection on the water for so long that he eventually died from it
In Greece there was "Κόμμα Ελλήνων Κυνηγών" = Party of Greek Hunters (Nature-Hunting-Fishing-Tradition) for the last 25 years . Mostly represented the rights of hunters and fishermen . At European Parliament Elections at 2014 took \~57000 votes (1%) ,  but didn't take part at any following elections .
While its the same in most cases (Professors/Teachers, Bosses, old people etc) we are slightly more relaxed in some situation.
How Germany's deportations system works
If I want to say "Mr Johnson did X men, but Mr Smith did Y de", former and latter won't be of any use
The refugee crisis is the single most likely thing that has potential to destroy the entirety of the EU, no economic crisis could do the damage this never-ending migration is causing.
Otherwise the Army if you can be accepted into the Academy
It depends on the region.Dresses varied depending on the region.From where I'm from,Crete,think something like [this]
>We've been kinda chill with Bulgaria but we sort of went to war twice in the 1900s I guess
Yuri "equality is bad cause it's not in the bible" Bezmenov
Its not about being capable,is just about having things for media to talk about, things that arent about economy
If an alternative is to be made it should be it should be as difficult, important and expressive as the boycott
8% of the world dry bulk fleet and 19
Πας στην κεντρικη σελιδα του subreddit και πατας τις 3 τςλειες πανω δεξια και πατας change user flair καπως ετσι λιεγεται
Maybe random fact but today in Milan I managed to find a big supply of antimicrobial gel in the supermarket
It's just delayed tax, it's not actually avoided.
This results in unemployment and a lot of other issues
Same here, our passport is also ranked fourth
Interrupting another leader mid sentence to comment on his remarks?
But its a step forward (?) I guess.
Most recent one was a middle aged guy who, when the door he was at didn't open, he started shouting οδηγέέέ, την πόρτα πίσω! (Which means "driveeeer, the back door
Two Greek directors in Esquire's Top movies of 2016, #1 and #13
And here over half of the working population works more than 40 hours
Hmmm it looks fishy to me, like it could be staged
Sure, one or two generations had it all, but guess how many more are being (and will keep getting) fucked because of this "golden era".
Here I think that this happens only if you have a good job or a good position, for example I know someone who is engineer in a big company and he has like 200k euros in his bank account
The cat is like "please let me go, I don't want to be here"
Growing up I started noticing things (like bitterness) within our society that pointed out to this war
I have personally met many people who have multiple first names specifically to please multiple grandparents
Everything unfortunatelly,especially in athens
I also didn't like Prague and the older Checzs in general
Reddit: mm yes D O W N V O T E
Other fora can be found all across Europe and Near East
I'd take snow over 40c° anyday
People are getting fed up of neo-nazis ruining  society
Next: greek cities founded outside greece
Athens in general as a city
I feel honored to do so as well
For the hot sauce thing you have to dig into the Italian cuisine in order to understand why it's "weird". Italian cuisine is based on the simplicity of the dishes that highlight the products themselves
-Yiago, I can hide it no longer, I have a lover
It has everything to do with the expenses
You still have to make electricity somewhere and somehow.
Σαν Αθηναίος δεν ήξερα πού και άλλα μέρη της Ελλάδας εκτός από Θεσσαλονίκη είχαν καλή εκπαίδευση λολ
What the hell people, these comments are so idiotic.
Στα αρχίδια μου (Sta archidia mou) = To my balls/testicles
Scandinavian countries: You seem too advanced and educated
Did they honestly had nobody outside checking the windows and other possible escape routes
Edit: it occurred to me that if you people have a problem with pointless flights we should just ground our airforce that pointlessly patrols the Aegean
Makes sense
That tricked they pulled in Evros failed miserably
Alexander the Great
Give us another 2 years and we'll join you
Giorgos Papandreou
If you've been to greece you'll know that most people are kind towards you if you engage them
The lyrics are exactly the same as in the English version
Honestly, I can't think of anything, it's usually pretty accurate
Perhaps when the [EuroAsia Interconnector] is completed, more renewable capacity will be able to be added to the mixture without creating problems to the local grid
Translating from the top of head, some technical terms are probably wrong but this is for meme purposes anyway
there are already too many religious conservatives in Eastern Europe governments
The methodology is dubious : they gathered a pool of 4000 persons using quotas, but then, they only used the results of the
We Greeks tend to order a lot when eating out (many appetizers in the middle for all to share, often along with main dishes for each individual)
Yea, pretty much its a monastery region with many monasteries in weird places all over.
Is there any sign to the metro/subway cause I can't remember , even thought I took it last week
It may help that I have a half Cypriot half Greek friend
Of course, a master is paid everywhere, but in the EU depending on the country it can be between zero to  €2000 per year
I think the reason people are pissed is because it is a vote to make Erdogan an official dictator.
I categorically disagree
I think that's all
The word "panic" (πανικός in greek) comes from the name of the ancient Greek God Pan
They just don't have the experience we do, you know
We have some islands over there in the Ionian Sea, feel free to sweep them towards Africa to make room for Australia.
*Lárisa too, mainly for the accent
Literally 3 hours after i left the volcano erupted and airports closed down
None except if you count Byzantine/medieval greek and ancient Greek as separate languages, then yes (In personally don't think of them as separate)
I have a dolce gusto, a nespresso, and an illy capsule coffee machines, and in my opinion nespresso makes a better tasting coffee.
EU Good
So it's not that we don't eat them, but then you are working for minimum wage and a gazillion of hours of course the average Greek won't eat Mousaka every week
it's very annoying I hate it
IN FUCKING 1974 IN A CIVILIZED GODAMN EUROPE
>From the Greeks of old whose dying
i kinda did the same with f,y and g mostly cause of maths but originaly because my teacher said my g looked like a 9 and i could get less points in my english proficiency exams (when i changed g i also did y because they have similar shapes)
Thats what I disagree about, in my opinion heroes are people who did that little extra and more, not people who are fighting cancer, or firefighters doing their job.
Even as recently as the 1970s with the invasion of Cyprus, people fear Turkey
Mentioned the taxation and bureacracy problems above that are an obstacle to do business here.
I have to admit that I absolutely love all the Turkish affectionate words
My story is not that interesting, literally all I said was that once in London I was speaking in Greek and a stranger next to me said hello in Greek
Be strong
Damn right
Almost everyone is assumed be able at least to paddle a bit in the water.
Turkish movies used to be popular here in the 80s thanks to the Videoclubs
I remember hearing in the news that they were deemed a terrorist organization but that's just a matter of definition I guess
Yeah but how will that affect politics in Germany
Some nationalists and racists call the turk "Mongols", but it's not really common, it's only used among them
Idk Dave it sounds logical
Mycenaean Greek, doesn't even use an alphabet
Socrates, Plato and Aristotle for their work
The point is to show how the USA is way more South than one living in europe would think.
of a parliamentary republic
Nope in the case of a face veil there are practical problems.
Constantinople is a remnant of the language really.
plate smashing
Not to sound like a fedora tipping Atheist, but Poland is a contemporary example of a European nation where the church has managed to amass enough power to be influential
The Turks never ceased to be Ottomans.
It's not that uncommon to display one outside your house (or on your balcony), or maybe keep one in storage for occasional use (sports events/ national holidays)
Which of the four
However, the "Hellenic-wide idea", as it was called, which was basically the first ever mention of a Greek nation that would unify all city-states, was first expressed in the 5th century BC by pre-socratic philisopher Gorgias
Golden stuff
Its a treason then
Damn, I wish you were Turkish so I..
But you are trying to hide behind accusations that i am trying to wash-off neonazis
It is not about the "triggering" of Greek nationalists.
Greece says no to Gucci fashion show at Acropolis
I find your art excellent but when I think of an average Greek home  I think of kinda ugly multi story houses( and a view of the Acropolis for extra detail) That would be more representative in my opinion, but that might be just because I grew up in Athens
Fucking Legend
Ah lol, most Greek redditors and really Athenians like me in general will agree with you
Greece was probably trying to get a loan again and didn't make it in time
but in greek there is ξ and  Ξ (capital) for some reason I write capital Ξ with a line going vertically in the middle
but I am greek I am totally biased with Serbia.
Trying to go for all 193 countries by the time I die
Do you also have waiting times
Estia for fireplace in not wrong per se, but if it happens at all it must be pretty unusual
Greek that'd be pronounced "Athine" . This means that "η" was pronounced as "e" (in fact, a long "e") instead of "i", and that "αι" was actually the diphthong "ai" instead of an "e". Now this is just one example, but you get the idea: do this with thousands of Greek loanwords to Latin, as well as to other languages, or even with words Greek borrowed from Latin, Persian, Sanskrit etc
But since it has a religious meaning I agree, because we are a republic which believes in freedom
The American police has killed at least 12 in less than a week
Edit: Albania as well
After that, probably Italy, we have very similar cultures, share history, same weather
I guess I was just misinformed
What about Catalans
I would also like to thank Italy for the amazing food,culture,history,architecture, for your beautiful country and for being nice and friendly
Their old (current
ever since quantum it's been better than chrome tbh
Boyfriend  -> friend
Hug me brotha
Accept advice, thank from the before
Is he trying to artificially lower child rape conviction numbers?
Does anyone actually report these crimes to the police?
some people celebrate it and have dinners on the 24th and exchange gifts on the 25th
Go "haring"!
Mercury = Ερμής (Ermis/Hermes)
I once told him about that, apparently he was doing it without thinking it was even obvious and was quite surprised everyone thought that was rude
Maybe more
The bulk of the opposition is not progressive or really pro-democratic
The letter "H" is one of the three "I's" in the Greek alphabet
I don't think Turkey is planning to attack Greece or something, that's just some poor conspiracy theories going on
I'm not even joking, I can remember at least a dozen off the top of my head
We live in a world when more and more idiots appear every day.
this \^
I think the Turkish one is more similar to anise flavored tsipouro they make in Volos.
Even their country’s name is an abbreviation
Unfortunately I don't think Greece is the market for these items unless you count refrigerators
Well what I meant is I have never heard a Greek say "fuck Turkey we will destroy you and take Constantinople back hurrrr durrrrr" in person,but I see it on YouTube comments frequently.
It's like e.g. you living in Portland and telling me something about Seattle and I (who btw live on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean) won't believe you cause I would prefer to hear it from someone that lives in Washington State
Tbh I cant choose but there are a lot
25+ is hot
Because when we take loans we also paid interests and we loose money
I mean for good scenery and places to go to for vacation Greece is great, but it being mountainous as shit is terrible for the economy
Albania, Bulgaria, Turkey, Germany, some jokes with French and Italians
and (little known fact:) he was of greek cypriot
Wash your butt in the toilet, mushing poop on your skin isn't sanitary
Here is the wiki article for visibility
The Temple of Apollo in Ancient Corinth [x-post from /r/Greece]
[The Black Forest (Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte)]
British museum has A TON of Greek artifacts
I think that's mostly true for countries like UAE, Saudi Arabia etc , based on my experience if they know that someone for example is Algerian then they will call them Algerian and not Arab
As for eggs, they are usually not in the fridge when in store but we refrigerate them at home if we don't intend on using them all within the next day or two
Things are not that bad like some people make them seem to be.
East Germans taste a little bitter, west Germans vary a lot
The trial was for a neo-nazis group that was proven to be a criminal organization
Glad to be of service at least for the TIL part
With hatred
Because denial always made things better.
HMM WHO COULD IT BE
Turkey could also have the Kurdish flag
After tax (yes pay) be with 200 disposable money.
The results of the last nationals elections
That means they want to get closer to Russia than say Germany or the UK
Personally not a big fan for the reasons I listed but if the Feta is not too much and the dish is done well, I like it
I'm sure it's easily proven that it isn't :)
And also in both left or right wings, conspiracy theories are very popular in Greece, and "the Jews are behind" many of them.
That's a lot of lions and eagles to be sure!
They're genetically Anatolian, not Greek.
Edit: The point the video was making was that this (young people making babies) is the primary goal of Erasmus
Yeah I thought the same
The thing is that Greece, politically, was always leaning on the right wing
Europe is far too civilised to invent something so backwards and ignorant
Is it a meteor
A second foreign language after English is obligatory and even though most kids still choose French, German should be at least 20%.
At least you've got high speed internet
It's just large scale taxation
I tried to clean my screen
Erdogan has countless tricks up his sleeves to counter a peaceful movement.
I should have used the word consensus instead.
There has to be a reason Ancient Egyptians viewed them as holy creatures .
If Turkey fulfills the requirements it would mean that the objections these countries have will no longer be valid.
Of course they would have no idea about their politics or their position on the map, though
3 times
At least they didn't ask him if he supports the NATO bombing of Agrabah.
had, they had a lot of our dept, they conned the EU from taking it of their hands so now its spread across the entire union so they wouldn't even feel it at this point.
why tho
For example Northern Florina
Tbh I also think that around 15 C is fine, especially for this period
It's human culture and heritage being lost
I, with a military income and my girlfriend who also military and gets paid the same we have enough to live with some minimum comfort like having more than one vehicles
13 euros), you couldn't spend it all in a day
Instead, they looked at me as I have offended them in some way just by asking
It's obviously not the case with Ukraine.
Yes and no
It's in [Mavrodendri] which is a small and nondescript village, but has fairly high pollution because it's right next to [two] big [coal] power stations, which are themselves next to a big open-pit coal mine.
It's great overall, but also doesn't give you access to the entire healthcare system
No, but you're commenting everywhere so it's not that hard that I noticed that comment of yours.
He fought in the war, was taken prisoner, escaped and continued to fight
I don't think we have any such laws
"I'm not going to say what I'm going to do" is like saying you are going to bomb them, everyone usually says a lie of what they are going to do even though most of the time they don't do anything
I am half Canadian and have seen the "American multiculturalism" first hand.
Enjoy your trip, you're worrying too much
The name souvlaki
The Brits seem, if anything, to want *more* globalization, so they can make better deals with countries around the world, unhampered by EU terms and regulations.
this is over
Do you think the Americans don't have internships ?
I'd never pretend that advice given to help you move around Greece would apply to moving around Sweden for example
We call it the Golden Age of Pericles and it was mainly in Athens, not necessarily the whole of Greece
So you can say 1 εικοσιτετράωρο =1 24houred, 2 24houred etc
Hahahah that’s an extreme statement
I am very supportive towards people who fight for basic human rights and freedom
I would say I know most of the names of the states, just not always where they are located
i always use butter for frying eggs didn’t know other mediterranean people literally use olive oil for everything
I think it fits very nicely to your criteria, they are awesome
UK : argument with drunk Welsh girl if being Welsh is being British (it is, British includes English, Scottich and Welsh)
\- Eleftherios Venizelos (arguably the most important politician of Modern Greece, early 20th century)
Pretty fascinating thow
Ο Ήλιος: male
If you think that the Americans are allies with Israel because of the potential coming of Christ i am sorry to inform you but you are wrong.
Having lived in many different places, this is the one that I found Southern Europe is much more "humane" than the rest : cheap rents
I have no money, no girlfriend, probably no future, and I keep matching with Russians in WoW PVP.
Well he did dress as an anglo saxon warrior to chase a neighbor down the street, man knew how to party
And where’s the volcano
But its the that people have to put up with the austerity measures
otherwise an apartment close to 200m^2 or a two-storey house with a small yard
There comes Turkey with a small invasion to protect the Turkish-Cypriots
ΓειΑ σου καληνΥχτα
While the only eating potatoes is obviously BS and famine jokes are shitty to say the least
BTW something actually positive is that we have a lot of tourists near the place that I live
holy fuck
That s really greek of him
though i couldn't find any info to your question and i (a teenager) have no idea how those work i thought the name of the supreme court is a fun fact for anyone intrested in ancient history
And we are talking about the strict definition of rape.
I don't think I'm gonna have that problem
other
But the building next door is still burning.
How come they couldn't get to Greece
This is what I am asking about
Not only the centers
They are locals that have being absorved in the propaganda and now parroting these ideas ,thinking that the thing they do is for "the greater good of the nation".
Like it's not even up for a debate
Here every small cafe and kiosk has pos
They want to kick out the "evil leftists" and support a fascist government, but they don't like it when said government practices fascism by taking away labor rights
Sounds like free enterprise to me
Almost everyone I've met age 18-45 has at the very least smoked weed a couple of times
Sykiés - Fig trees
I think so
you re right , i seem to have missed the tone of the comment
> However it is worrying that there are quite a few people who believe that someday we are going to retake it
Σε ευχαριστώ (I thank you)
Bulgaria
Hey, as long as they also have a plan to stop equipment looting, I'm all for it
Do they think that's weird
>What you describe is what corruption does, it corrodes people's honesty and morals
Yes definitely
Tria(3)
>According to LLI data, Greeks control more than 18
Congrats
It's okay
I was not even referring to the economic crisis exclusively
It doesn't make any sense to have a vote between Remain and Norway-type deal, because it's more or less the same, with Remain being the sensible option
I'd say german is more advantageous within european borders, while spanish may serve you better should you cross the atlantic
Attic Greek (400BC) I'll recognise grammar and structure along with words but it'll be fairly hard to make out a meaning
I struggle to think of european country where immigrants are colloquially identified and accepted the same way as the locals (e.g.
The eggs aren't sold refrigerated, but I put them in the fridge
He doesn't mean "neonationalism" as a reversal of globalization.
We have a lot of low cost carriers (at least pre-corona) and as others have mentioned we just need an ID for travelling inside the EU (+ some other countries) so a lot of people travel for work or leisure frequently
Before the Slavic invasions, these locals were called 'Illyrians' or something like that, can't remember.
Epirus and Ionian islands: Friendly, kind and cool
It was last applied in 1972, and the death penalty was abolished in stages between 1975 and 2005 including wartime crimes, treason that weren't covered when the death setence was first abolished etc
Whatever .
Europeans need to stop with this shit
I seriously find it cute when my female Ophthalmologist's Cypriot accent comes out by accident, in general I find different Greek accents fascinating
But you know what they say "there is no force equal to that of a determined woman", not to mention thousands of them
European Parliament presidency: the frontrunners
Jealous Western Europeans wont upvote this post!
They saw only the fat paychecks, the increase in wages and in public spending
In Athens souvlaki is a general term, it applies to both kalamaki and pitogyro
Mercator projections are stupid.
drinking sodas instead of water
Haha I wish the children thing was true here, people actually don't have money to raise kids so in the past years after the economical crisis the birth rate is lower than the death rate
(the corresponding graph for the Americas has 3 groupings that are more complex shapes)
I see
Here is my attempt at Lo-Fi Beats Girl, Greek version
The indexes are not objective at all, plus it is from the Economist who is known for some bias.
Northerners will never change, it’s only been a few dozen years since you went on a barbarian rampage
It's ongoing actually
Oh I haven't heard of that one but by its definition I can tell you Μουνόδουλος is a combination of pussywhipped and simp
Eastern Roman empire: Hagia Sofia which defined the Orthodox church's architecture, Greek fire which was a type of flamethrower that wasn't extinguished by water and we still don't know how it was made
It'd be interesting to see if this phenomenon appears in other countries too
Even if someone doesn't care about the religious aspect of it, we can say it is tradition.
Just as this one reports and sources only.
Salaries have not followed not even slightly
Time and reconciliation heals everything; your still our best bud
Spanish, Mandarin, Arabic
Bear in mind that the syllabus mentions that several courses (to the lecturer's discretion) may be offered in English
Really the guy goes through all the major events of the war
Lmao seriously dude
Also if I could, I would make the 1974 dictatorship of Greece to not trust the Americans when they promised that they would protect Cyprus
/r/europe: Haha, Americans are so upset, USA bad
>Although particularly associated with the Romans, aqueducts were likely first used by the Minoans around 2000 BCE
Too bad 90% of the population lives in cities a couple of hours  away from any of the amazing islands
I'm going to watch it later if I get some time
And if they have, what actions have been taken, where and when
Me personally, I don't even enjoy the smell of it
I wouldn't call that a problem.
Paok logo>>>olympiacos/panathinaikos logo
Like
Tomato gang assemble
a god invited someone else to crosspost it here.
Well shit, after OP pulled the pin, I was expecting the worst, but I'm happy to have found such an even-keeled response
Σαν Αθηναίος δεν ήξερα πού και άλλα μέρη της Ελλάδας εκτός από Θεσσαλονίκη είχαν καλή εκπαίδευση λολ
Mainly to prevent the destruction of the marbles you walk on and secondly to prevent you from injuring yourself, cause those ancient marbles are actually very slippery
Since we're talking handwriting here
The similarities between Greece and Romania on topics like this really show how toxic the eastern orthodox church is
Oh yes the ID card issue is huge
Turkey's location and shape would probably make them Mordor (it has the roughly same rectangular shape)
I really don't know
Like, ZERO
There is also modern Greek literature in which we learn different stories, poems and fairytales of modern and early modern Greek authors about society, war, family, history but also folk literature
one of the most followed Twitter users especially in the earlier days of twitter when he usef to have a show in Greece
People are getting fed up of neo-nazis ruining  society
Naples>Neápolis(new city)
I actually find it really amusing how they use their own mediavel mindset to allegedly "insult" us and believe it's going to work
The pattern of this can is iconic, you 'll see it doubling as a flowerpot and a designer even made a shopper bag with it
I doubt that people think that bikes are for kids, at least where I live (southern suburbs of Athens) I have never heard that or something similar
too often, i had to google translate words from english to greek, because i forgot the word, too many times
Oh, you know me so well
Ironically in Greek politics, the left side is just as xenophobic as the right side as Pasok and Syriza both hate or ridicule Germany, the UK, France, the US etc while the centre-right side only cares about money and would sell everything out
There's nothing similar in that date
Thank us later
That is what caused the economy to contract so much, the loss of trust hurt more than anything else for Greece
No offence but the German grammar doesn't sound all that better either
I guess that's on OP but it's not like I'm losing anything other than imaginary internet points
But isn't the whole point about getting rid of countries
That is what caused the economy to contract so much, the loss of trust hurt more than anything else for Greece
Nah we probably shouldn't
OK thanks
And to comfort us our teachers would say 'dont you complain, theres people taught the same texts in other countries that dont even know greek'. Yeah, f that
Every country is necessary for EU to exist
They didn't give two shits about the problems that this could cause to everyone else in the union
In addition to that,  there is a new ID which is kinda different like more advanced, but I don't know a lot about it
* NEWS247  [
Rakí in a water bottle
get real, most of the EU countries are unimportant and would be almost irrelevant outside the EU
Seems to be more of a cultural thing than a climate thing
IIRC this is a Thing with Paris specifically, the Japanese have a word for it or smth
Sorry golden dawn is a criminal organization who believe in racial purity, hates every other race and gays and dreams of war to restore past glory.
As for the Croatian guy, I bet he was clueless (I am no expert in avionics technology but I follow some news because airplanes are magical), he boarded a propeller aircraft to get from Athens to an island most likely and said the airplane was bad, the propeller aircraft use the same exact technology as jet engines but apply it differently to better match the shorter trips and speeds they use those aircrafts for, but somehow he thought it looked shady
Europeans: The evil, lazy greeks steal our money
Happens all the time when Greek Cypriots are speaking to each other and us mainland Greeks are listening
Fuck nazis and fuck people who support and  promote such ideas through propaganda and those that they radicalize  people
I wonder what really close allies the USA have besides EU?
Meanwhile, Dublin stubbornly refuses to present ANY temperature fluctuation, remaining between 10 and 15 degrees for 3 months
Edit: okay I was exaggerating a little bit, we actually have a few things to brag or to be proud about our capital
There are days that i drink more frappe than water :p
I'm not even joking, I can remember at least a dozen off the top of my head
I have also been in Tolo, but not this year
Personally I don't take sides here,  but I can't say that I support Iran or the general Qassem,  cause he was guilty
Not really but to this day you see a lot of old Lada Niva driving around
This is just awful article from the west to make us seem evil etc.
I live in Athens, I've never been to the Parthenon, or the acropolis in general
One of the more somber comments in this disaster of a thread
Όσο ποιο νότια πας τόσο πέφτουν τα νούμερα.
Φθόνος (fthónos)
Ich liebe dich
We also have the weird thing where 11 and 12 sound different than the 13-19
By the same people that orchistrated the 9/11 'attacks' using holograms and lasers.
The majority of people that  I know don't fast , but I agree that it is usually celebrated on 25th
BTW there is a reason why referendums in a representative democracy aren't and should never be binding
or the countries of USSR, since people of poorer countries are usually looked down on and are considered inferior, in some way
We do use fancy vocabulary though for that
Btw why would someone be proud of being of Illyrian origin
He is still very punctual, like when he needs to go to an agency or shop or something, but we're living in Greece so he has to wait for the Greeks to arrive late, lol
That's one of the things I like the most about Danish
I just posted it for the ridiculous title.
Approximate translation of the article:
Constantine Kanaris tried, but failed to destroy the Egyptian fleet BY SAILING TO ALEXANDRIA AND FIRING AT THE PORT
Same word , different spelling, Greek is weird :p
they just forgot
Μινημα
The biggest brothel in Greece is named after him
What does curses and curse words in your language revolve around?
With the stupid pencil however, rock and scissors have 2/4 chance of winning and pencil and paper have 2/4 chance of losing
If Cyprus can get in so can Serbia.
So yeah even tho it hasn't changed nowhere near as much as many other languages Greek has still changed quite a bit to the point where it's unintelligible, but it's a pretty clean evolution from outside interference
Greek government would like to "borrow" this system
the body parts are in demunitive
That's some next level monk-ing.
I guess the same can be said about nearly all political ideologies/theories.
Greeks are taught about it in school by its Greek name "παιδομάζωμα" - child gathering.
So teachers ask students to get extra tutoring to strengthen the knowledge that has been hastily covered in class, but also to cover topics that will never be covered but are still likely to show up in the national exams (they're a big deal)
Of course Germany had the whole genocide thing
Even in my country the social democratic party during the 90s was more liberal.
I don't think that any added value would be given to others on here with my comment basically just saying "lol same"
So maybe they process it, I am not 100 % sure based on what they are saying
That almost sounds entertaining.
It isn't exactly cheap and definitely not a good investment for people that don't travel that often
The Conservatives were really a blessing for the UK.
Lok tar ogar Europe
it's perfectly normal here if there's a lot left to eat, but usually people aks for the main dishes only and not the sides
I didn't know that
Well at least you are still on the Balkans, that's something.
[Does this count ?] Not really a translation
Δις ιζ ίβεν φάνιερ ιν Γκρικ μπικόζ οφ δε ντίφρεντ άλφαμπετ. Γκουντ λακ φίγκιουρινγκ άουτ γουατ ενι οφ δις μινς.
That's most of Europe except Germanic and Scandinavian countries to be honest
Anywhere full of tourists and business focused only to tourists
(also also english penis = penis, greek peinas = you're hungry)
It's just that we don't socially categorize people based on their birthyear the way Americans do
The whole population was like "we have rugby in Greece
Don't pay attention to this idiot, it's not worth it
To my knowledge it's originaly a South Italian saying and not a Greek one, if that answers your question
I could probably do ~ 100
Saying Bulgaria would be cheating i guess...
Dark red lettered number plates
While the island is beautiful, you spend a minimal amount of 60 euros per day, just to eat and swim
I guess as  a European country that's true,  but worldwide we are above the middle
What she/he "should" do is up to her/him
Nobody is in jail yet
I can totally relate to that
They were masculine as I thought, but according to the AdC they should take the Lo article instead of the Il article
6 off the top of my head
Fight me
Philologists here will always complain about loanwords
Egg => αυγό or αβγό
I could add that it is most commonly called Agio Oros
einai h kalypso pou thn fwnazoune litsa
Athens vs
Well the Republic of Cyprus even has a [Turkish Cypriot MEP]
The government changing doesn't mean the people change too.
I used to say back then, that among the three countries we'd visited, I'd work in Austria, retire in Slovakia, then travel to Hungary for the holidays
This one is used only for bulk, which is a typical thing to do as many people have their own groves or families/friends with groves or just prefer to get it from their/a village
I described it to another user that mentioned the same, but they are American
It's like Sicily more than Greece
Apparently bringing forth evidence or substantiating your reports are obsolete in today's journalism.
The center is alright I guess (and by Center I mean the very center like syntagma and acropolis)
Can't wait for pompey 2
[In the latest elections Greece along with Cyprus (majority greek ethnically) had the lowest votes going to far right parties in the whole of Europe]
Fuck me
I honestly think it's silly that the Greek government is counting the Macedonian border crossers who come here for less than a day to shop/visit as actual tourists
Well yeah, but that doesn't prevent us from laughing at their sticky, sweaty misery
All Greek political parties are ABSOLUTELY godawful
They should really have an election *before* triggering.
"Forever your stars will shine on a Unified Europe
A little useless place in southern europe like macedonia
In the mountains it snows quite a lot.
Some are safer than others but safe isn't a big place so I wouldn't think so
Who is going to draw the red line on what is hate speech ?
Heartbreaking
The comment isn't underrated
People would gather  to look at the so-important potatoes and soon some tried to steal them
In my experience, what surprises foreign people who learn Greek is that we use it in front of first names and surnames
I live in Greece and when i was returning home a couple of hours ago,the inside of my car was so hot,that i had to turn on the air condition
If they think they she is not a proper journalist, they should just revoke her authorization to attend those press meetings.
The opposite is true as well
I get a lot of hate for this in this subreddit but i think Fillon is a better choice.
It's more of a wishful thinking by a part of the population than a realistic idea of the majority
However, I know for a fact that in many regions here, especially mountainous, it snows a lot
Every highly populated island has nightlife as well as rowdy beach bars
i presume he/she means creating borders is in our nature.
We also use "μεϊλ" (mail) and "ναϊς" (nice) quite a bit (the diacritics are there because without them ει and αι are pronounced i (like **i**n) and e (like l**e**t) respectively)
Under these circumstances, Europe should by no means be providing free welfare any more, especially to potential workers that have so far made zero contribution to our funds
We are humbled that you went through the trouble of writing about this
I know where it originated from.
I thought every country had parades with petrol vehicles to celebrate national holidays
Like, how do people even think that the Civil War wounds are healed
Over the past months they have made comments such as "the Treaty of Laussane is negotiable" etc.
it's mostly what the old people drink honestly, most guys under 30 won't even offer it or recommend it
The sad thing is Mitsotakis is our last stand against complete sovietization.
But the word is normally only used for animal deaths so its even more demeaning (go die you dog).
That's not to say that Germans are bad people and I have anything against them, the newer generations tend to be more indifferent/neutral to German people as well and the dislike is towards the government and of course, the Germans of the 1930s-1940s.
Do they have so good milk
Yeah but the Cyrillic alphabet came from that right
there is often trouble when they play football
I would like you to explain further the Brussels question a bit if you wish.
4) Gun and ammunition control is ridiculous, but we still don't have as many gun crimes as other European nations(if any Greek question me on this, I am from Crete)
I never saw an EU flag outside of photos or television
If I actually sit down and take a good look at my english books, ohhhh boy
And I have been in many *many* places.I don't know what the guy is talking about.
The Mongols are the successors of the Genghis Khan's empire, the Brits of the British Empire, even though all these empires had multitudes of ethnicities and languages it's widely agreed who are the 'successors' trying to deny that Turkey is the successor of the Ottoman and Seljuk empires is just intellectually dishonest, as is denying the genocide
What about it ? I don't think I've heard anything about Ilia
It really bothers me though cos I don't want to - and, frankly, don't need to - carry much wait on my back daily since I already have spinal problems
I thought you meant Enkelados is interchangeable with the word seismos, which as far as I know does not happen in any context
When I went to high school they also taught about other religions too
I think I got on the wrong foot here
Guess we should start lighting the beacons
There are many reasons Greece is what it is today and 400 years of nothing are a factor, but I'm not saying it's only Ottoman years that must be "blamed"
The word comes from ασπαίρω (aspero) which means to shake with force or tremple or struggle especially like while dying
I see this as an absolute win
Apparently, we're the only country that emits CO2 to celebrate
Depending on your job you may or may not have enough time to sleep properly, but in general Greeks will go to sleep around 12am - 2am and have various waking times
A Fucking coffee costs 1.5 euro here of course they can afford to go out for a coffee once a weak, but no we have to go to the point of searching food in the trash to take an economic relief.
Greece should be 500 (because thats how much most people get)
This happened to me too
Νice tit tho
r/mapswithoutcyprus
The city of Constantinople thrived and ruled  inhabited mostly by greeks so i don't think citizens of the city of Rome would be interested
Magiritsa is fucking **delicious** tho
Brexit well deserved tbh
now it's close
He grew up with money and he thought to himself, “I don’t need education, it’s only a money-making tool
We don't generally misspell names because we name mostly after specific people and also names have specific name days (most pertaining to Christian saints who died on that day) when they are celebrated
However, countless Macedonians (mostly who live near the border) cross everyday to come shop here and what not
I want to see how donald tusk will make up for his gaffe of a tweet.
It's true, I read it on Breitbart.
I think it's more as a precaution from what I've noticed with others who do the same
Here these are the anarchists and the people against those in power
Koudounofori, bell bearers, in some places in North Greece, as well as North Macedonia and Bulgaria at the start of spring some men will dress with goatfur, masks, sticks and big bells, on the waist, looking very primal, and dance in procession through a village or town ringing the bells in the process to scare evil spirits n shit, never witnessed it myself but want up
>This honestly just feels like political propaganda meant to frame a political group as victims, in order to garner support for their radical ideology
In a more local level, I have voted for someone who genuinly seemed to want to make things better, but she didn't win
I *would of* known immediately
Also, speak for yourself, we like all of it.
In general northern Greece is really different from Southern or Central
That we are lazy
so a) its secret b) you already know that its russian c)you already know they are cheating d) and you already know its for medicine use
We love you just for calling us Hellas tbh
I always was of the opinion that the Cypriot issue should in one way or the other be over by now, but as I now understand it there is still a lot of bad blood, so I am not expecting it to be solved at least for another generation
Light blue: English
Yeah I believe a Greek Soldier's dog ran across the border and he chased after it
So I assume in the mydia saganaki you make them at home in order to add the hot sauce right
&#x200B;
Yeah because you only have the options to either pick 100 dudes or 5 billion.
* Our [maritime border with Turkey] I won't get too much into that because I've missed some of the newer updates, but it's a topic that I constantly see trending
Super Rarely
Rome alone lasted for a thousand years and it was a lot more unstable than the EU
I make some really good Frappe's, with a nice amount of milk and sugar.
You missed this part in my answer:
I have read through all of them four times in my life
We mostly drink cappuccino or espresso freddo, and frappe (instant coffee shaken with cold water and sugar, then served on ice, with or without milk)
Well fuck
Nah
You know how a word sounds,  by just reading it,  even if you have never heard of it, with very few exceptions
Do you think if Greece changes its name to Yunnanistan Turkey will be nice enough to give us our ancient borders back
I haven't visited many european countries yet so it's a bit biased
I just can't fathom the reason for the 5 year period
He is a very well educated person, his French is great too
Is there a single chart in which we are not the worst?
[actually a constructed language in its own right]
cream cheese - Philadelphia
4 tésera
First of all, I wouldn't call Sanders a populist.
It has become more popular here due to the crisis, but it remains mostly a rural thing, rarely seen in the cities
Analogy -> observation
Example: no one expects to buy a house these days
7 secs for normal dose, 10secs for a lungo
The greek one is named "Hymn to Liberty" and it was written while Greece was under turkish rule
I honestly can't think of another regular smoker in my circle of friends
I wasn't arguing, sorry if it looked as if I was being confrontational!
Sometimes people even say things they made up straight from their mind
Ααα οκ τώρα το κατάλαβα. Btw ο πολυέλαιος μεταφράζεται chandelier
Samsun = Σαμψουντα = Sampsounda
Not the cleanest stuff, to be fair
These numbers are lower than what..
Everything is easier
You may think that the two events are related, but they are really not
Let's build a nuclear reactor in Greece
It must have been totally destroyed, or hidden under a modern Christian church.
What a great day
Northern Greeks call souvlaki what the Southern Greeks call kalamaki (the  type of meat that’s on the stick) , but Southern Greeks call souvlaki the combination of pita(some type of bread) meat, sauce, fries or whatever someone puts in it
I am very curious to know
Polymeris Volgis of New York University describes how a system  of repentance was introduced as though by a “latter-day secular  Inquisition”, with confessions extracted through “endless and violent  degradation”.
I'm from the North and whenever a friend from Athens or other places from the South tells me they ordered gyros I always double check what they mean
Can someone from Poland why you don't like te ruling party
We have [Bouzouki] (spelled somth like: "booze" - "ookee") which is, from what I know, of Turkish or Anatolian origin
Interesting connection
(I don't know if it helps - it helps *me* though)
I am absolutely in love with this city <3
In Greek the car brand's name "Jeep"  is used to refer for an SUV vehicle no matter if it's an BMW, VW etc
It's the capital "η" and it is pronounced like "ee".
Ahh to be young and full of dreams!!!
A billion different kinds of budget-off-brand coca cola
&#x200B;
People hamstering food and never leaving anything on their plate
Ryanair had a similar design at the end of the wings
It can't be helped if they always oppose us in many different things
Many of you probably won't know, but we have the biggest fleet of merchant ships worldwide
My father knew the priest, they served in the army together
I haven’t seen/heard, and correct me if I am wrong here please, any single country taking some initiatives to provide affordable housing for newer generations who want to start their lives/families
2/10
they are the norm
Romania
catapult
I mean , realistically , the current anti-immigration wave is anti-islam mostly, and France is not really financially in a position to leave the EU or the Eurozone.
As a greek travelling to Zurich with some garbage in my car I had to search for somewhere to get rid of 'em and finally found a garbage bin with a broken lock (wtf) and stealthily got rid of my cheesy poofs.
When the world gives you a message you shouldn't shut your ears.
You said that they're "essentially the same" yet you brought only 3 examples.
Γαμωτο is more a "damn it"
Finnish sounds great as well
Yeah I understood that, that's why I pointed out that Brussels itself seems to taking it more seriously.
Pork, like chicken, actually ranks pretty low on the emissions scale.
[This one] did a pretty good job describing everyday life in various places
If you want technical universities, the best is National Technical School of Athens,their Civil Engineering school is 11th in Europe, their other schools are very good,too
I was going for a black joke, but I guess it fell flat.
Those re-elections were for the position of Prime Minister, this is the first time he's been elected as head of state.
In my experience, atheists who hold the the last position you outline
The one with the highest points get to go on the german dictionary
Cause we are in /r/europe, not on /r/askhistory.
Civil war, Economic Crisis & the 2015-2019 government are considered Taboo here instead
You did by borrowing 220% of your GDP
If two men can marry why can't I have two wife's if they are ok with it
The irony
Bursa = Προύσα = Prousa
Ah, nice to see some good ole Euro-banter!
I think my country has benefited greatly and has provided a good aid to EU too
Where do German tourists typically go in greece?
One of my professors in school had a university professor who was thought to be expert on the matter.
So I   doubt that I recognised a Greek just by their facial features
Good-evening
I was going in an English school but I learned English from video games, music and English news sources
I'm more surprised Americans know so many country names than anything
You also have to pay for frontistririo which is a second school, so you get to study double the amount cause our educational system is lame
There is also no "conflict", "peace talks" or a "peace deal" .
Dwdeka(12)
I know many metalheads though,depends on your acquaintances I guess
-Probably the majority of your neighbors
But their democracy is admired since the time of Alexis de tocqueville.
Greece is EE and has almost the same food and weather
The subway in Greece's second largest city, Thessaloniki
The European Union is indispensable."
And I don't really think that our dishes are similar to the Turkish ones.
Well done lad
One night we were strolling around and I stopped to check something in a shop which room a while
All three extremely different, from different parts of the world, that are spoken widely and open the most doors, or maybe Albanian cause my friend is from there idk
Ποτε δεν ειπα οτι οι Μικρασιατες και οι Ποντιοι δεν ειναι Ελληνες.
There were many bands with important leaders, that fought against the ottomans and existed throughout the ottoman occupation from the 15th to the 19th centuries
Weaker cultures always assimilate over time, the problem is how to avoid the conflict in the meantime.
Every night . Even now, as an adult, I'll buy anything I didn't manage to collect as a kid
I know it's stupid let me be happy godamnit
Larissa: Very noticeable accent, commonly joked about
Alexis Tsipras
Myzithra
Adoption is always a thing
It's all nice and well to call for the dismantle of other countries' union.
Me using racist for him is technically not correct I suppose though
1] [ex
That's a huge step you took there.
I check if my language is available but I always put it on english, not just in games, but also in movies, on my devices etc
Ο Γιάννης, περνώντας μέσα από το σκοτεινό δάσος, πηγαίνοντας στην ταβέρνα, ανακάλυψε ότι ξέχασε τα χρήματα.
Can't you just not drink anything besides water?
How is Signal better
I thought those weird brands that are with the most caffeine,
There is literally a very popular Greek bootleg of this with the same exact music, but I have no idea what it's called
And I hate that there is exclusivity on iphones
Just casually justifying theft
Popular aegean islands: Their residents are probably nonexistent
What makes them different from each other is what i meant.
It also literally means river horse (comes from greek)
Tragedies are really tragedies ;p
We will miss our islands but this is amazing :P
I think goat milk is more common in rural areas
for my family we only celebrate it on the 25th
Fuck Yeah
Do you have internet in Greece
He was let go because of a Greek minister law!
well i live in Greece so the place is pretty much filled with tourist sites, if it wasn't for school trips i would have never visited the museum of my town, the Akropolis, the ancient Athenian agora and other ancient stuff
ROFL ,good one xD.The thing is not only Danes are pale.Finnish,Germans,Brits(although they are easy to tell apart),Norwegians etc..
Oh boooy if that's not a question
*Oh, wait
Constantinople, Capital of Greece*
You get pension when you are 67 yo
Congrats
You know why
lol, I was certain I typed that wrong, googled it, then typed it wrong again, at least the spelling was right :)
My Mom was raised by her aunt
a few little pieces of the EU stand to be seriously hurt by the UK leaving - like Greece's tourism industry.
You missed Paso de Culo Negros.
And the most hated Greek politicians ever (random order):
this is what always cracks me up from my time in the army: I served as a conscript and the training camp was a huge area and we were around 1500 conscripts
The terror the mortals felt when they encountered him like this, came to be called "Panic".
Always been a mountain person
I don't know how Italians view us, but Greeks love Italians.
You simply wont accept that your side was in the wrong and perpetrator of violence which cemented the opinion of the large public in this country that the far left are simply criminal thugs that support terrorists
"Dada" with an emphasis on the a's kind of like saying yes in Slavic languages back to back
I'm currently in Hannover, and we had like 37 for 3 days straight
There are
Edit : I didn't anticipate so much hype
Greeces establishment as a state was after 1820s. The liberetion of Northern parts came only after 1910s. To add on that many refugees came from Asia minor and Pontus during that period
(Translation and link of source)
We kept much more things besides that.Anyway,my point is that the Ottoman Empire was a tragedy for the Balkans and Greece.
How come they are not popular
It's kinda hard and probably unlikely to fully understand the Homeric Greek without studying it
?sponge cloth
I hope all this is still there haven't been in 12 years :D
A map of europe but words
Because I think what you are saying would have been applicable only in 2009
2) There was a guy named Nikitaras, great warrior in the Greek war of independence, such great that in a battle, his sword stuck in his hand because his fingers were stuck and he couldn't move them
Well, Alexander never conquered Italy, which is where the discussion started from, but fair enough.
After all this, I'm sitting here thinking "They still still have the ability to unilaterally recall article 50", but nope, everyone still wants to dig the brexit grave even deeper
I'm Greek, I don't need to translate :p But maybe others will have to.
I like how macedonia is simply macedonia
There are times when Christ looks the other way to humour the old gods
Imagine thinking albanians have anything to do with ancient Illyrians
Good for you Poland
Μυνημα
They can read everything we write in FB/texts/etc, see all our pictures and videos, look at our GPS data and build algorithims which determine your most likely routes in the future.
I did not even write that the EU is the only one that is ever blamed
Somehow they are portrayed as victims of bad Serbs ONLY
Well that depends
The other lady also mentioned (in German not Greek) that there are others who speak and understand our language
Again
We're going in for the 6th year of complete economic collapse in the South and of refugees of the 'Arab spring' started coming.
It's ok south Italy,we love you
If the mother approaches, the daughter meows aggressively
Based off that fake answer/emotion people can tell how you will actually react and that answer is never enough to actually do any harm to you or them
water mill
Close to where I live there is a road for bikes close to southern suburbs of Athens ( I  this it is this one [ there is another one relatively close to me [
I guess Germanic people play football or ice hockey instead (or rugby or just drink during the winter)
But I am not sure how the Byzantines called them
I prefer the green ones usually stuffed with almonds
yup the road isn't a death pit
+ "Στην κολοπετινιτσα" haha
[actually a constructed language in its own right]
Do i need to remind you that the US is fighting 5 wars currently?
also if a student doesn't belive in god or believes in a diffrent religion their parents have to sign a paper so they can be excused from that lesson
We even have the same national anthem, did you know that
Now we need to go there and find some gold
Trust me, the people who like Russia here are the known religious fanatics and the nationalists like Golden Dawn.
Erdogan: "The Lausanne Treaty is not a sacred text" (page in turkish)
Oh and I guess we are of a major importance in the essence of European culture, crating democracy the whole advancements int arts, science and philosophy that were the basis for much of the enlightment but that is mostly symbolic
Usually as stew with shallots
9, basically 29C for warmest temperature of the day in September, according to the link that you sent me
At least in Greece there are signs pointing out that X project was funded in part by the EU
At least you guys get one of the two /s
One or twice a week in the winter at the agora.
Well in that case wouldn't it be a πλεονασμός in Greek as well
I visit family members , but very rarely (if ever) all the  family members meet together .
:) also found this:
one good thing Brexit did is unite Europe against a common enemy
- Στου διαόλου το κέρατο (on the devil's horn)
-Uh
The day I travel to Poland is the hottest day
Hot : 35°C or more
Modern Greek script:
You are welcome <3 .
My old apartment used to leave water and pet food for any neighborhood pet, it’s a common thing
I'll say Ephialtes of Trachis
Presents feta, you called for salty
Clouds, rain, chocolate, suits and ties, the EU
This teacher sound very regressive and close-minded
ο, which means "the" (singular masculine)
I need to connect myself to reality again
Although southern Italy is pretty much the same as us except for the language
I visited once and I was astonished
School ends at 14:05
I wish they would but I don't think it is a smart long-term strategy regardless.
Eh 30 degrees is manageable, it's not that bad
Quite a big one
For long distances (Paris-London) date of booking your ticket does play a role (with Eurostar for example) .
There aren't any close languages to greek you can understand, only words
Although the biggest technical hurdle is the lack of energy storage and the long distance from the rest of the European grid which Cyprus is not connected
From the history books a hundred years from now:
City rivalry in Greece is as follows: Athens vs Thessaloniki on the correct way to order souvlaki
Damn it, man
Its not all islands, we have mountains, and velouchi water, better than any other water ive seen
Very weak currency, massive inflation, inability to import goods (food included), political instability and a rapid decline in standard of living (instead of the gradual one we are experiencing).
do you think Greek culture is eating baklava and drinking coffee?
And then travel abroad and have to either stress out to find a place for dinner in our normal afternoon coffee time or spend the night on an empty stomach
Even when you take each country's population into account, the data is way different for each country
We'll probably get back to that, among other things.
That's awesome, I never thought about it that way but you're right
For what's worth, the phrase "με ένα σμπάρο δύο τρυγόνια" refers to the [turtle dove] which at some point was eaten regularly, not the more [common dove]
Please don't get offended by this
Radio stations and TV channels
Isn't Britain sticking its middle finger to EU the last two years a form of "over-extending"?
Yeah I've been in Barcelona, not for Xmas though.
First in motorcycle fatal accidents rate in EU
I remember a party when I was 13 and the girl's parents were there too
I have been in many fights with various shops about this.
They like it, because it makes them feel smarter than everyone else and "a part of the few people who know THE TRUTH" but in reality it's just a bunch of bullshit talking point that are false but exhausting to argue against so you just let them do whatever they want and they end up dying or killing people
Or Tories clamping down on abortions/sex ed?
: «είναι θέλημα Θεού η Πόλη να τουρκέψει» That means it is the will of god for the city to be Turkish and it was said by the orthodox patriarch
Yeah it is also very good with donuts and croissants
Well, we were living together for over 400 years, so you can say we are really close friends
and this [
So what does that mean?Dna has nothing to do with this
Nothing "major" will ever happen because ISPs don't want the public to know what they are doing
Ioannis -> Giannis
It's a comment on society's priorities
Something else that I would add is coca-cola and jeep
But that was a couple years ago.
I am sure no person in earth finds sitting down in the bear sand with no shade for 10+ hours remotely pleasuring
Nothing wrong with the way you wrote it
NSFW: I will just leave [this] here.
They offer only more dirt and they are pooping everywhere
In Greek there are a more than 9 letters that sound the exact same but you have a gazillion spelling and grammar rules that dictate when you use what
My thoughts exactly
Greece is different to the post-communist Balkans thanks to having access to the Marshall funds
Kiriakos Mitsotakis
This is just one of those cases that need patience and careful planning IMO
Would love to see one of your country, neighbor
That's true ,even though the official name is βασίλειο των κάτω χορών , kingdom of Netherlands
Well for starters because you probably mean "murderers", asking for murders in jail is a bit too much
That year I almost froze to death
In Greek we don't really ever use the pronouns _I, you, he/she/it, we, you, they_  since it can already be recognised by the word's ending
used to be a lot but since it became common knowledge that sunbathing can cause skin cancer a lot less
Haha I have a lgood laugh at them and do them myself, but they can be tiresome at times
It is definitively common
If nobody thought that ionians where Turkish you wouldn't have stated the obvious
Hell we consider Roman history our DLC
Eurostat is garbage if it's indeed their data.
Okto(8)
Check out your local community of Couchsurfers, go to one of their local meetups and what not.
Liako rox dude, best thing to watch after 2 am and high as fuck.
Well his social credit score would still be sub zero
It's debilitating
Are you Hungry
The irony
So basically you took 1 simple word and turned it into a whole fucking sentence
tbf no party in the parliament, except golden dawn and communists, wish for a grexit.
Ah he was on the other side of trouble then, shit
At least thats the feeling I get here in Greece, everyone is promising to save us and everyone else is a shithead that will bring us to ruin
After getting his gelato the guy turned around, looked me in the eyes with a huge grin greeted me in Greek and left
There is not much to identify with citywise, I only use this information when I want to speak about a specific thing that is relevant to my city
In fact, I couldn't find any type of cold coffee on the menus
lol this is awesome, fucking love it!
maybe the rumors are  true
Oh so this isn't exclusive in Greece xD
It is cheap and the other was well marketed
[An example]
People broke into my house 3 times
OP should now make a map of terrorist attacks since 2010 in Europe compared to USA
There are very strict gun laws
We also have good tap water
Don't know if it's poetic or not but usually in the army or old ppl call them καλλιοπες from the muse Calliope
Our school history books refer to that emperor as the Bulgarian killer (Bulgaroktonos), but I can't remember feeling ashamed of our ancestors regarding to the context of that
1946 civil war
However people that either speak a dialect or have a strong accent tend to be rather prideful of it (imo rightfully so) and would not want to alter it
Other articles on this very subject state *renewable* *energy* *sources* without going into details, the above was the most specific I could find
So propably just Italy, France (not always), Spain, Portugal, Cuprus and Malta (?)
All fascist rallies in 3 steps:
I request this also
Our metro/subway is also partially funded by EU
* Oxygen - Oxigono
edit: how do you add hashtags
Germany : I struggle to find
>Germany (ドイツ Doitsu) is viewed as a hard-working, efficient, bureaucratic, and serious man
*In the blue sea :)
Also give back the stolen Parthenon marbles
the youngest generation is very good at it even though no one learns shit at school
This sounds more like something I'd hear in a game of lol.
compressed milk - NOYNOY milk
But Turkish nationalism was starting to be a thing and some years later the nationalists formed their government in Ankara.
i got a Lazaros in my class too :D
ή θανατος
But you can travel to all EU member states,  without a passport
i dont know
Also they should have been more informed about him
Without Otto and his family there would have been no university
Edit: It would also be neat being able to understand what many weird words used in other languages really mean
IIRC there is a plan in place to completely phase out lignite by 2028, however ΔΕΗ has already invested something like €950m to Ptolemaida V power unit project so it's up for debate how that will be handled and how that will affect the residents livelihood
Apart from the 15-20% who are actually working the rest are very much leeches in the system.
The European Union is more optimistic than the International Monetary Fund (IMF) about Greece’s economic performance because the numbers for 2016 were better than expected
Your map sucks
If Lenin could see us now #RA3quotes
All the bloody time,the funny thing is that i may remember the word in English but not in Greek
True, but I think that it's not always mentioned
Some more:
[Well it's only KLA's fault I guess]
Only country in Europe I trust would help Greece in such an event would be UK.
Οταν γινεσαι μελος κανεις δηλωση ποσα βγαζεις κ σου βαζουνε μια μηνιαια συνδρομη ταριφα για τα εξοδα της εκκλησιας. Τα κτηρια τους μοιαζουνε σαν mall παρομοια με ΙΚΕΑ κλπ.
&#x200B;
[ harmless-or-racist/
Putin should have Trump on the leash instead of Assad
Emmanuel macron is way more popular than our prime minister right now
I'm amazed they even have swimsuits up there
I honesty love it when random Mexicans chime in.
It's ongoing actually
In highschool, the day starts at 8:15
And yet again, everything went smoothly
but seriously, nationalist particularly romanticize between 1453 and 1821 (The Turkish occupation)
Γεια, με λένε Γιάννη. Χάρηκα για την γνωριμία. Από που είσαι?
The US, through fierce and intense deliberation has done it again.
Really
I'm surprised that Greece is so high up on the list
TL;DR: A surprising amount
There is a small secret, Athens is a city that hates its history
Southern Italy has historical and cultural ties with Greece so I'm not surprised that there's still some Greek element over there.
Very small population and not really close to Greece really.
I am sure he could utilize his powers for the coronavirus vaccine as well
I'd say the most evidence we get is from how the Romans heard and wrote down Greek words: for example, they wrote "Athenai" for "Αθῆναι" (Athens), but in mod
cream cheese - Philadelphia
No wait, we are open to ideas, I wanna hear what he has to say about army spheres
I am sure in Croatia, there is some of this Overlap
In the future at least 100 years after now, or even 1000 years
The fighting resulted in the defeat of the DSE by the Hellenic Army
They understand us but we do not understand them
Hey, we have a better [Sokratis] now.
I don't see the connection between the Middle East and Catalonia
Then years later my mom's friend decided to do this with her daughter (she had done the other one with the αμίλητο νερό when she was younger)
That's based on what I read by some sites and some montengrin people like this
It ended up not being a big deal but looking back things could have ended up much worse
There is even a traditional "battle" using fireworks, called rouketopolemos (lit
Don't worry, he'll get to the northern regions eventually
From whom (genuinely asking, Turkey has never been occupied by foreign forces, to my knowledge)
Recent excavations for the development of the tube brought to light parts of the ancient Via Egnatia, houses and markets
You weren't born back then though
I mean, they are both under Sharia law amirite?
I wasn't "crying" about anything.
Just like you see "Hellenic" for Greek you would see "Illyrian" for Albanian.
There are health campaigns and places of business than ban it, but smoking is still popular here.
That's awesome
I highly recommend the latter
They know, and they do keep their customs, amd they are sad that the country has become such a shithole, and they always want to find the time/money to visit it.
" I hate the summer and the heat, all I want is rain and cold
I personally would love to live there myself, but I can see why people dislike the culture
Every bloody holiday thousands of Greek tourists go to Belgrade and every summer we welcome thousands of Serbian tourists.
I've been there
I was really expecting them to like RKO it or something
The Danish blødt d is represented in IPA by [ð̠ˠ]
or even used by the new western affiliated Greek government ,  which was afraid of a communist take over, and with the tacit support of the British went into a period of White terror that was the final trigger for the Greek civil war
*In the blue sea :)
I find gluhwein boring now since I tried feuerzangbowle.
Either Alexander not dying early, or having emperor Romanos winning Manzikert
The Coronoavirus is for the dick
a couple of video games (as an old head I hail from the amstrad, commodore 64 days) and TV
Many are common or similar with modern Greek but feels like a different language really
There wasn't the idea of "Europe" back then.
You got it right for Ancient Greek
And here's to hoping that the non-European Islamic dictatorship across from us that shall not be named never ever joins
Hmm depends on the crime though, I think pickpocketing is pretty common in all lines; I'm not saying it to be negative, just cause awareness is the key to avoiding it
It's the best of both worlds tbh
I still don't get why we don't market our winter tourism
It's a mixed economy, there's literally no country on earth which is a pure free-market economy
For the last 9 years my -now- husband and I speak in English even though I speak Greek to our kids and he speaks both to them too
I mean, it's a beautiful country, but over-the-top romanticization isn't a healthy mindset
Also the Byzantines called themselves and their empire Roman
Well the EURO is basically the Deutchmark.
The difference between the two is that this version has more money and spends it all buying Moët in night clubs
Dekapente(15)
In English because there aren't many games translated into Greek but I recently played God of War
Strategically I guess we are quite important but also I love the culture that evolved because of the nice warm weather
its afternoon here
Also a lot of self deprecieting, dry humour.
Also I didn't know that that was the French I thought it was the standard
Tried to restore the Byzantines a couple times but it's too damn hard
I will point out that the game's map differs a lot from the real world
Recently our government threw away taxpayer money to TV channels, newspapers, internet pages and blogs for the stay home ads during the Corona virus lock down
My eyes
It has a photo of the person who owns the ID,  their name, their last name,  the first and last names of their parents,  date of birth,  place of birth,  the municipal that they live,  it also has height but it's empty in my ID
> Bundeswehr
Also, i find it really great when my professors post material to study or the lectures themselves so we can check them out anytime
here are the stats in Europe:
Noooo, I love patatopita with tzatziki or turokauteri
It's also apparent from the way he always speaks like he's on that reality show of his or maybe some fashion police-style show
As if this is the only '"rewriting" in the history of history (pun intended)
Λετονία (Letonia, Latvia)
Or countries that started lockdown early and those that started it late
It's quite difficult for most people, especially for those ignorant of how the economy actually works, to comprehend what happened
Still a disgusting figure no matter how you look him, outside of foreign affairs
Avoid political discussions , but cool.
πνεύμα, rough (pronounced:pnévma) which means spirit, soul
In the end though, i think its just politics and the tension will drop, just like with Russian- Turkish relations that are rather good this time around.
hahaha Which Balkan countries did it show
An electric car as a city car would make great sense.
Goddammit
Compared to all others tho, damn
They don't have to change the name of their nation just to avoid triggering nationalist Greeks.
We didn't got yelled by an angry Dutchman, so I guess we succeeded, but it was *hard*.
Have you ever heard of Mallorca?
For once I'm proud to be greek
I am so jealous
I have only tasted strudel here in Greece (which, of course, I liked)
It was only after the communists took over that the Slavs started distancing themselves.
I am using the word liberal in its general sense.
Another one is "Ρε, αυτά δε θα γίνονταν με Χούντα!" (Hey, that would happen with the Junta
I like it
with that money you can buy property in the outskirts and build a nice house over 100m^2
Although the desk had something underneath it where you could put books and many students (especially those who didn't care about studying) just left them under there for the whole season
Very little
I want to thank Turkey for sending millions of refugees to Greece crippling our already bad economy even more, and calling us the bad guys when we deny passage to the refugees
Italy : having wrong tickets for the train, and inspector smilng saying it is OK you did not know, just be careful
alt n right
Generally I don't want animals in my house
That's the case in Greece as well
Its not
It's a reference to the Peloponnesian War (431-404 BC), where Athens and its allies fought against the Peloponnesian League, a coalition of some Greek city-states, among which some islands too.
Turkey, 2
This is something no one would believe happened if you told them about it, without showing them the video, and would probably be posted on /r/thatHappened
I guess it's an appropriate time to say "fair enough"!
9 ennéa
While the time *was* often quite a bad time for Greeks, it was also often a fine time for Greeks
His [facial expressions]
Yea because Jean Chrétien banned unions and put the poor in work houses.
It can be considered as an insult like stupid or something, other times it can mean a mastrubator and it can be used  as way to refer to someone , mainly between friends
Pro: There are a lot of sources in the region that are written originally in greek, (Plato, Socrates even the New Testament)
Communistic
The only European country where you can actually get fined for downloading torrents
Of course it's more complicated than that.
Wait, so Americans don't have to use a drill and a dübel to hang up a painting
pretty sure everyone thinks it's fun
4 τέσσερα (tessera)
How are jail conditions in Ireland
Sure there are many awful places when it comes to human rights in the world
Correct
There are in mongolia, where the turks emmigrated from.
We look forward to welcoming you again :)
Rather than that, they were shit at administration and brought the Balkans and Greece back to the stone age.
I always was of the opinion that the Cypriot issue should in one way or the other be over by now, but as I now understand it there is still a lot of bad blood, so I am not expecting it to be solved at least for another generation
It's just that we don't socially categorize people based on their birthyear the way Americans do
Copy-pasting from other people word by word, not even bothering to at least re-articulate what they are saying to make it less obvious
( by popular I mean that the store is full of customers when I visit it, I usually visit it on Friday and Saturday)
He stands by his views for many years and I get the feeling that he genuinely wants something better for Americans and the whole world.
The rest of the parties didn't manage to get over 3% to enter the parliament and they got 8
Even less surprising is to see that Russia is also pretty high
The son-of-a-bitch part is also based on how he was born
I'm from a village in Northern Greece, close to the North Macedonia border (Aridaia, a town near Edessa)
3 Iran
When you go from Primary to Junior High to High School and study again the same time period  the books are supposed to give more depth and detail in the events
And if that wasn't enough the military also do guard duties in train stations and central squares
Nikolaos Plastiras
Epic original joke my dude
Well Sunday midnight
But just look at the former Ottoman regions in the Balkans and you will realize why I said this.
Basis of Geometry
Greeks tend to stereotype people easily,even themselves.For example,they hear on tv that in some weddings in Crete people fire shots and they're like "Wow,Crete is like Texas".Don't give attention it's just bullshit.
Apparently only 5,i never bothered looking it up because I live 5 minutes from one
Hehe
I don't think Cyprus uses ELOT , I am only seeing Panayiotis with y.
I'm Greek it's Πορτογαλία/Portogalia, while France is Gallia, and the colour orange is πορτοκάλι/portocali
i shower daily and i take an actual bath maybe once every couple of months
Σφυρί (Sfirí) Nope
Then the northern suburbs are pretty nice (more greenery and overall richer) and the south suburbs are nice too
The accent is something similar to Spanish or Portuguese that's the only one I can think of
Yes and no
As you can understand there are many memes and jokes about gay couples
What did just write
Is this what happens when tortellini and dumplings love each other very much?
In Greece, or at least in the town I live in, it is completely normal talking about pregnancy and labor, but mostly among women
Mine too
They spoke Greek and modern evidence has suggested that they were Hellenic.
Why do I see so many feminists being pro-refugee when they know as a fact that the vast majority of those people do not believe in equality.
no one said nor implied that Trump is responsible for Greece's troubles.
For real what are you all on about, roads are incredibly useful and important infrastructure, they also allow for easy and cheap public transport
the salaries of the execs comes to 995m ?
So why have they achieved meme status in Italy
this doesn't apply to Greece and more than half of eastern Europe because we don't use the Latin alphabet
Black: Economics
Name -Surname ,dad's name- surname , moms name , DOB , Height , where you live and which police department issued the ID
I don't think Crete is any different than rest of Greece in that respect
So can you please stop whining about 1 flight buring the 200th anniversary of my country pretending as if it is going to have any impact whatsoever on the environment
I'm 189cm in the country of dwarves
Congratulations . I am not a German , but I am  a fellow European
In fact, in my opinion these rules will only be beneficial for the English language as they will help with the communication and it's understanding by people who don't already speak it
English pronunciation has changed much more in 1000 years than Greek did in 2500
Lots of guns and like family feuds
We would have an epic final together
You just have to get used to us
I understand you dude
Enteka(11)
But the 25th has become the official date of the beginning of the revolt cause tradition i guess
What do you mean by that last part
Can you find it in the linked archive
I think Greece is not really big on the "beautiful big cities" part tbh, villages / islands / smaller cities are much more worth imo
> they would have been much worse off without the EU, yet all they do is complain about austerity politics
Yugoslavia wasn't in the EU back then which I presume you mean by Europe.
Yeah, well, yes, but it was 2,500 years ago
Damn
It's either a paradise if we're talking about one of the popular islands, or a very poor and filthy country (both in how it looks but also the people)
Do you find it disgusting
I said it on a previous comment of mine earlier, I'll say it again.
How are there still people out there that promote the USSR’s tactics I just can’t grasp it
Do we know if Wilders is yet another russophilic leader of the far-right?
I would say I know most of the names of the states, just not always where they are located
"Pay debts" Like damn bro it's 2020 it's been a while since the crisis and every country is in debt
Like, none at all
Noone wants to be stranded in Greece, not even Greeks.
Yes, actually
Here is a list of American Football teams in Europe
Magiritsa is fucking **delicious** tho
I will take the question as 'my country' including the region historically (since modern Greece is only like 200 years old)
>And you should know this unless you are not living in Greece
Nobody is in jail yet
Not having the Euro actually would have worked in this case
The most difficult parts of the route were left for the end.
We need to take that symbol back
Anyway, I agree that your answer is indeed better
Watch your f$%@!+ mouth
>!It's almost always between the minimum wage and two times that, plus the children bonuses
Well Turkey violates our airspace and open refugees to our border so yeah
The Albanian parts should join Albania
Not only they are ugly, they also have inferior infrastructure.
Absolutely not annoyed, we are actually very happy when people try to speak greek
Don't worry about Greece regarding fascism, it will never be tolerated by the people
that dominated the 80's) and currently 2 teams PAO BC and OSFP (or Panathinaikos and Olympiacos as they are mostly known) have won many European championships the past 15-20 years and both are right at the top like Barcelona, Real Madrid, Maccabi Tel Aviv and CSKA Moscow.
This image could be a nice inspiration for some sort of medieval game.
So if you buy something from China it will probably be exported to NL because harbour and we export it than to you.
I feel you
Though I don't browse Greek stuff to begin with
Have you ever dated a person from a different country
Absolutely *NO* justifiably reason to reject them.
"Near" as in literally next to the thing, not in the general area.
I AM NOT DEFENDING CRIMINALS YOU ABSOLUTE DIMWIT, THAT'S YOU
Unless it's one of those rare cases where an English article about Greece itself may be better than the Greek equivalent of it
Kokoretsi
He would have been familiar with the concept
Now you can find us almost everywhere.
I instantly became indifferent, I could not hear another song about the girl that left me and that I'm all that you need and whatev
(Φιλικά πάντα και χωρίς να υποστηρίζω όσους ανέφερες ηδη)
What
Can i borrow The Beatles, Led Zeppelin and Rolling Stones
5 πέντε (pente)
In Greece, we have a plural formal.
So do you consider to go to live somewhere outside of EU like a french-speaking are of Switzerland or you jut want to leave from EU
I was born and raised in Germany and people are most of the time ignorant of the modern time Germany
I doubt that Aliagas is so famous in Greek twitter.
&#x200B;
This guy was literally shot in the ass while flashing the enemy troops alone on a rock and basically liberated central Greece
Nokia sounds pretty japanese
Apart from Greece-Turkey-Cyprus I would also say Greece and Italy
Thankfully, this does begin to change, especially as things are getting more clean with the effort of the new government and more returns for their taxes are becoming apparent, but it will take time
It's how it is called in Greece too.
maybe gyros with tzatziki
I have the gut feeling it will be like this until either Syriza loses the next elections or Greece is forced out of the Euro.
saying "sorry" instead of "excuse me" because they are the same word in greek
Nicosia= Lefkosia
Have you checked its underside
We got 2 pork chops, salads, potatoes, tzatziki, and the like for 4 people
Of course not.I was just pointing out that there is a lot of frustration in and out of the camps.And i mean the refugees and the local populace,not the neo-nazis.
I've mostly heard it used jokingly
We will be defending European home turf.
Thanks for proving my point
Where is she
Of course, some "provinces" will be richer than others, as is the case in any country, but ultimately the common identity is what pro/pan-Europeans are promoting
There is no standard way to transcribe Greek into Latin alphabet, as there are often more than one or none equivalent letters for the same phoneme
You should really see if you can, 3-5,000 $/euros could get you a car, license, and insurance for a year.
GB is the only < 8 country above that line.
> Goes to church for 3 to 4 hours a day
And all the English restaurants around the world
Just the latest in a series of attacks on my 15yo VW Polo, a car that is surely owned by a banker, politician, or the Illuminati.
Can't stand any kind of olives
OMG i also remember this commercial
I also like to make up Greek sentences with lots of δ [ð, **th**e] and θ [θ, **th**eme] just so I can hear someone without these sounds in their native language (e.g Germans) try to pronounce all of them in a row
to import the wages of china and mexico to the US.
Also, discord and reddit (heck even instagram) dont have my favorite and most useful feature of messenger, speech bubbles ( on mobile)
Our capital is probably the dirtiest in all of Europe
Αλλά όχι δεν ήταν embarrassing
no some times they'll even ask you if you want a little box to take it home with, it's considered a "sin" to throw away food
We have to stop with these panic-posts.
Friends mess with each other
Didn't you go to playgrounds when you were little, in birthdays
Albania: Mixed feelings
Exact same
Just Balkan stuff
The people of both countries get along with each other pretty well; it's the politics that's kinda heated
Can someone please explain exactly whats going on in the city
The most prominent thing is the 'Siemens Scandal', the pinnacle of (known) corruption in Greek politics
How did Greece manage to blackmail every single EU state?
For example, age plays a great role, and a shopkeeper in a small grocery store might speak to you in singular in you are the same age.
What's OMON
What I actually get from this is "You're obviously not from here if you don't see things the way I do".
Thanks for the rest of the comment though :P
\- Aris Velouchiotis (leading figure of the Greek resistance during the occupation of Greece in WW2)
One time, my Danish friend tried to cross the street on a pedestrian crossing and a car cut him off, nearly hitting him
This is terrible
I should be able to joke about everything I want, but since you are thirsty for a joke about my country then I got something for you:
We also eat a lot of octopus (it's relatively expensive though)
BTW Is that it [ ?
Get out - > "Τρέξε", meaning "run"
Salivating
No not really we wouldn't obliterate them lol, they're a bit too small
>I hope with the other greek guy in the other comment you didn’t say i was annoying because i pointed out i’m not a guy (i don’t speak greek)
Fucking stupid isn't it
I'm not going to say anything about that "orthodox brotherhood" thing because it was created by fanatic fans of Crvena Zvezda and Olympiacos, I just can't understand it.
Hahah
Γεια σου καλημερα
You have a very problematic perception of "freedom of the press".
You only realise this now
Yea but the AKP doesn't care if it alienates liberals.
the facebook profiles seem to be ironic, the [slang
To be fair refugees have also burned parts of their camp.2-3 weeks ago furstrated that their applications were taking so long they burned down the office that was processing them.Seems that noone likes the camps.
I've mostly heard it used jokingly
our government and institutions have never been Greek.
tomatos, fries, onion, tzatziki or tirokafteri sauce
I live in southern suburb of Athens
Well you should because they sound ridiculous
you know how it goes
There is that, coupled with the elimination of a strong middle class, people most likely to pay taxes and force others to, but it does not end there
it is a really really uncommon thing but the circumstances were responsible for this
we were colonizers but now are colonies are either dead or called italy and we have an awesome relationship with them
Yeah but it just sounds similar :/.
I think it's part of the general nuclear phobia that's still widespread in Greece (and the overreliance on coal for power).
Many Turks have Anatolian ancestry
I also love drinking cold milk, it is so refreshing
>“It is not as if there was a vote and Cyprus vetoed a decision,” he said
21 is ìkosi-ena
Do you really wanna play this game?
Yeah usually, in less urbanized areas you can buy milk directly from producers and it is going to be more fresh /cheap and flavorful
Mearsheimer argument for international relations.
May you be healthier soon
Beautiful city and beautiful picture
Is that thing around it supposed to be Conway's game of life
Those are the only instances you can find unattended, maybe hostile strays
I think oficially only alt-right parties propose it, but maybe there are people from other political ideologies that want it
An alien invasion would kickstart the global unification process, not just Europe.
To be fair, it's not like we aren't blaming ourselves
Not everyone likes to be hit with liver flavour
τόνος = putting emphasis on something
Or just come to the northwest buddy
*Something* breaks-> *something* is from lidl
Nope, and most of the bus drivers are assholes anyway
Honestly, imo, the only reason why most Greeks want to consider themselves Europeans, and not Asians, for instance, is because of Germany, England and other Northern and/or Western European countries that are very wealthy and powerful
Sadly they were replaced in parliament with a snake oil salesman with more or less the same ideas but without being openly Nazi
Since they are pretty similar dishes with a few base ingredients being different
And the one we use now
Now, OP, in Greece we have tons of ancient traditions that survived
Same in Greek
I am so poor, my defense budget can't afford typing anything aggressive.
I'm all in for secularization but damn it kinda gets personal when so many civilians died in Smyrna
He was just COVID-19 sensitive
That's ridiculously beautiful
Also I even had a situation on school with one classmate which his mother put Tsipouro on his school bag instead of water
Personally I know Jewish people and I like them,  so I culturally feel closer to them . But I also would like a independent state for Palestine,  but under a different government because hamas has violated human rights many times
here are the stats in Europe:
I enjoy colonizing Brazil as Portugal and fending off Euros as Iroquis
The British and the Americans are pretty close culturally.
ich hoffe unsere Beziehung wird nicht so kompliziert bleiben
Every time former PM Tsipras opened his mouth to say something in English, he's top meme material over here on this subject
Μπράβο, καλή επιτυχία!
It's a gorgeous island and the mountain is 1600m high which is quite [impressive] for a small-ish island!
The Saracens called the city Rabd al-Handaq, which means Castle of the Moat
This can be done from 15 years of age ( but with parental consent I think since the person is a minor)
I am not sure if morality matters here all that much (again, leaving out all the genocide stuff, or else the conversation would have no point)
These songs don't sound middle eastern.
On the other hand you have statements like this [“Greeks Made More Reforms than Northern Europeans”]
Ι hate ouzo, it tastes like dish soap mixed with alcohol, and I hate the sun and going to the beach cause I turn into a lobster
Nobody thinks anything of it
By 2000, there were 8640 Turks and 254 Greeks in Imvros.
No and it's deeply disappointing
That really annoy us
What i do know is that Turkey isn't fulfilling any while they where mostly ready.
We were a neighborhood of 6-7 kids, in a dirt road with plenty trees around
In some variations of the story, Charybdis was simply a large whirlpool instead of a sea monster
As in the only thing that's to the west of Portugal.
Cyprus, Korea, Civil War, Infinity War, Endgame, and a few more still unannounced Avengers probably
Feel free to get one of EU's candidate applications and fill it in
&#x200B;
Whole milk is the best
The opposition doesn't seem to be much better, based on what I read  have authoritarian, they don't have any desire for transparency and they are pro-Russia
We were allowed to drink still
Noooo, I love patatopita with tzatziki or turokauteri
1 | 135 | Germany
I really love trains and they are a very good alternative to regional aviation, but this scenario is kinda farfetched
* /o/ can be made with ο or ω
Is that correct
Slovenia is geographically in the Balkans but Slovenia and Greece are rarely considered as Balkan countries
No one would say Athens is only 664,00 people or that Thessaloniki is 354,000
Ok, amigo
Turks
How can *you* tell me with a straight face that it's bullcrap and that we don't have a neonazi problem
British museum is looking for new excibits
(Keep in mind that Athens is dense af, 3 of its 4 sectors are among the 7 most densely populated european regions)
I too have seen [13 Sins]
What about Turkey
I really want for our leaderships to get along and Erdogan does nothing but creating tensions
It's not Trump, it's the rise of Fascism throughout the US and Europe, which also affects Germany.
Perhaps when the [EuroAsia Interconnector] is completed, more renewable capacity will be able to be added to the mixture without creating problems to the local grid
He kindly says this happened because of a once in 200 years event
Young people, also, are making less money compared to their parents (in same price levels), yet have to contribute to greatly higher pensions than their parents had to
• μωρή (morí) = exclusively feminine version of "re", less commonly used, a bit more aggressive sounding
I should make a shepherd's pie at home some day
I remember some dude posting a pic from Vladivostok and that place is literally on the border with China
I was taught British English, I have watched some British movies and TV shows, but I watched many movies and TV shows in American English
Soon, rumors circulated that for the potatoes to be  so well guarded they had to be of great importance
A greek who doesn't like feta cheese
I think it's because familiarity the first thing I noticed was the evil eye, I also tried looking for the Turkish flag and it took me a few seconds to find it
We call Switzerland Ελβετία which is Elvetia
Hawk - Caliente
There were then huge protests, with the gypsy camp nearby starting to destroy property.
It's just not the topic here
Efta(7)
There comes Turkey with a small invasion to protect the Turkish-Cypriots
Switzerland isn't in the EEA, I don't think it can block Croatia's membershp.
The best they can do is keep occupied a part of the police force for a few hours
Killing
That's a thing here too
Happy birthday
She always finds either stray cats or dogs to feed them the leftovers
Oh Europe, never change
War of 1897
The people who started the trouble in the protest have or will be apprehended
Yeah but the trojans could very well be hellenistic
Because you need a strong figure and identity to unite the different peoples that live there so you avoid conflicts between them.
Edit: typo
It's been under construction since 1985
We were allowed to drink still
I know one girl who's the daughter of an antivaxxer
[Some alchemy I did to provide you with the very interesting article]
well
Guess what
- my great grandfather was cavalry captain during WWI/ Balkan wars
OCD nightmare
But then the cover is only in Greek
Island life can be tough however especially in the winter
YES
30 τριάντα (trianta)
I have yet to see someone in Greece celebrating the srebrenica genocide
