Beds and kitchen systems are way too expensive and doesn't justify prices
Oh, I remember how much of them we had
The Dutch anthem sounds depressing, Norwegian likewise.
no savings), and you have to be trying to fix your situation, which typically means you have to be actively searching for a job through the national employment agency.
You mean liberal wet Boris
For latvians it was choosing between two evils and because before this soviets sent thousands of them to Siberia the choice was obvious.
Valka is literally on the border, the city is split between Latvia and Estonia
Hoping to go there already next week (if travel restrictions are lifted)
My city, Ventspils, has a different dialect then rest of the country
Russia should pay, but only after Latvia pays for damage caused by the [Red Latvian Riflemen]#Red_Latvian_Riflemen).
Thousands
I think 2 per cent is necessary for Latvian defence and its good for our economy as well.
After you stole our potato, dear /u/autopotato
Edit: the answer is actually no because i misunderstood the question
The US is a country of immigrants, but one that is used to a great deal of control over who gets to immigrate, and today it's a difficult country to move to.
At least Putin is somewhat predictable and it's unlikely that he's going to attempt an invasion into a NATO country
And we celebrate our freedom fighters on 11th November
It was a must-have skill for [LRD]
The rich Russian, American, or Chinese plutocrat who sees Europe as a status symbol and who wants to enjoy the clean air and low strife of the social market economy only when it serves him is almost as much a danger as the ultra-orthodox Syrian Muslim.
my self-worth explanation is totally wrong....
The first question you should ask him is what class he belongs to, what is his origin, education, profession
( go ahead, downvote liberals)
What is it I'm supposed to value more
Don't worry no one wants to go to Latvia anyways
We had to book a visit months in advance, then we have to go to the place itself (which is across the entire country west-east, mind you), get that shit done and then wait for god knows how long until it arrives in my hands
As a Latvian, I share the feelings of your Estonian wife, our countries are in the same situation.
Those poles were as Polish as all English speaking Irish are Englishmen.
British just like many in the West have been living too good for too long.
Krišjānis Barons (one do the starters for the young Latvian movement and know as "Father of dainas"(Dainu tēvs) organized and systemized pretty much all dainas in Latvia hence the name)
Rye bread and lingonberry jam
Let's hope Putin also will be concerned about that.
That's because that number is wrong
Watching American movies as a kid this concept would always confuse me
According to [this] Estonia should indeed be covered by a single NUTS 2 region, but why Latvia and Lithuania aren't separated into two like Slovenia is beyond me, since NUTS2 usually have slightly above 1m inhabitants.
Sameish for Latvia
In the age of steam sales you can have 1000 games in your steam library that you don't even play
Very big island called Eurasia
For any Latvians reading, that's the northern Kurzeme part, from Ventspils to Dundaga that I find quite different, largely because of the different grammar.
Not as much as Latvian-Americans, but a lot more than African-Americans.
lv, here's an [article] from 1990 (when Latvia was not yet independent), a regional newspaper had published a helpful article on how these cash machines work and on the plans of the [still existing] Soviet Union to introduce non-cash transactions
Some based women right there
Starting a company sounds pretty cool tho
many other countries did not, such as Poland or Czechoslovakia, Soviets didn't even want to contemplate these places not being under iron fist of Moscow and their occupation
Woah, when you put it like this
Freiberga and Zatlers were very far from politics when they got appointed.
thought it meant "let's go" or smth.
Balkan nationalism is the most idiotic ever
Did you go to a school for gifted children
The system means that the political arena is inevitably reduced to only two parties.
The day you will discover German jokes about 4th reich, will be the day you die from a heart attack.
I for one accept our new Latvian Overlords.
Esotericism is a relatively big thing, as is homeopathy
I could drag on and on, but basically this is the result of post-Soviet Latvian goverment denying local Russian community citizenship which was promised in turn for supporting separation from USSR
You also arrive to the harbour area (Nyhavn) in what is a fairly good time for lunch if you're so inclined, but be aware it's going to be very expensive.
Whats where the Latvian position stands . The ''Latvian legion day'' is not a celebration day, but a day of mourning
I as a Latvian actually use some old English words like shall, hath, thou etc
I thought that it was just a banter.
Dialect discussions always make me feel boring.
And that kills the chance for participation from France.
There were talks about join Lithuanian-Latvian state after regaining independence in 1918 but it wasn't that much popular, Polish-Lithuanian war didn't help either.
I live about 100meters from that building so yeah, first time experiencing something so crazy and unexpected, considering it happened at 1:20am
And her reforms have stood the test of time - no one seriously proposes undoing any of Thatchers changes,  neither modern Labour nor LibDems nor Conservatives
Cursive, I don't think they ever taught block letters, I learned myself from my mom's writing style
The relevant part of the treaty here is the article 8, and yes, as always it was Kiev responsibility...
I've just remembered that Kurdish really is a middle east language, not one spoken in Kurzeme
We have the first two as well
wow you guys have draft, too
Is being dependent on other countries for your basic needs independence
Tried opening delfas.lt and got redirected to some facebook profile.
For females - "ija" or "īte"
Oh god, same
Consider this: in 1938, Latvia and Estonia had higher GDP per capita than Spain, Greece, Portugal, Finland, Italy, Ireland or Austria.
Might travel to Vilnius just for it next time...
Not at all
I think he means that Britain can just decide that people from for example Benelux or France can automatically get a work permit, but people from Romania or Latvia will need to conform to different rules to acquire a permit.
Should be a law mandating those in every toilet
Riga - the capital of Latvia (English version
It's pretty much become a joke that Estonia is always better than Latvia
From the outside it seems like Tartu is Estonias top tier, but I may be very, very wrong on that.
It's not the new arrivals that are the problem, at least not the big one.
We still remember the Swedes fondly, compared to the Germans, Poles, and Russians
Yes, they should be respectful to the country they have emigrated to.
This is how this happened: Gayuropean-jew-fasicts photoshopped this and sent these pictures to CIA, which as we know is run by Iluminati.
Credit card acceptance in general is very good but you could always run into a place that doesn't accept them.
I think for many young people from Latvia the answer would be yes, it's even worse for gay people since I'm pretty sure we're either top 3 or top 5 least lgbt friendly countries in Europe
If you're renting one room in a shared apartment, it would be 5000-6000 SEK (520-620 Euro roughly).
I'd day kinda like an army volunteer
Growing up in an apartment in Purvciems I dont remember having any power outages
I like how there's a Moldova fiting in Moldova and in that Moldova there is a Moldova and in that Moldova there is a Moldova...
Well, my dad spoke to a few linguists, and they've said that Latgalian is a language, where as Kurdish (Kurzeme) is still a dialect
Because that is our own fault as well.
The fact that the closest linguistic relatives to your language are Finns and Estonians is a little more outlandish
Too cold when the temperature is below -25
Well in Latvia we do eat buckwheat, so atleast one third of Balts is covered
So, there is not really a need for it
palm slap - two kids would hold out their hands palm down
It was terrible nonetheless, poverty, corruption, oppression is all my parents and grandparents are talking about.
United States of America - Amerikas savienotās valstis
First I thought that maybe it is pronounced completely different in Latvian, but no, don't think I have heard of that one
CLEAR THE LOBBY
It applies to everyone, it's EU regulation on tariffs, not some marketing campaign by some operators.
Sweden
"Ass" which means "sharp"
This view is nothing to be proud of
Like the bread soup
By what metric do you base your statement
You mean, like conservative leaning people or what exactly
Germany--Tyskland
And Nicki
This is the shit Trump got elected for.
But for some reason they teach Irish in every school
Poor little guys but I can imagine they already have pretty shitty lifes
So the cause to all of this is poverty and alchohol
That graph seems to imply that Estonia is a Baltic country through and through, while there's relatively little connecting it to Lithuania and less to Latvia than to Finland.
Lithuania is not accurate, we're much more like Latvia here.
While we sell Estonians cheap booze, we go to Lithuania and buy cheap(er) food, clothing and even cars
The whole country loves it during the summer
Still raining in Riga, heavily at that
If his poppularity starts to fall, he might pull a military stunt to back it up again......when Russia started its war against Ukraine, Putin's popularity skyrocketed, which also is a gain and victory, not only the Crimea itself.
Even my best language teacher (high school German) wasn't a native speaker, but at least spoke with complete fluency and had actually studied German at university.
Priecīgus Ziemassvētkus
they appear to be like us, but there is this underlying thing that makes me wonder if we're from the same planet
What happened there
And the movie was in English
- blame Brussels;
That way Russia tries to convince West to abandon Ukraine and Georgia, so they could keep doing anything they want without any confrontation because "no, no, no wee need to have good relationships with Russia, only idiot doesn't understand that"
Who knew she was an agent after all these years i was with her
I think it has to do not only with architecture and culture, but also lot with nature and the severe lack of mountains in our own country.
American cuisine, much like many European cuisines, is [regional] and very varied.
Actually, this is one of rare cases where the audiobook version is preferable - it's Stephen Fry himself reading, and he could read a phonebook and make it engrossing, let alone these books
An Esperanto-like language is easier to learn, and English is too irregular and in many ways too complex (not that French is much better, then I'd rather go with Spanish).
Estonia and Latvia
Finns and Lithuanians share particular genetic haplotypes which aren't shared with Estonians or Latvians...
What on earth
they even were so nice to include all the baltics
Unbreak my
Yeah, linguists probably know what constitutes as a language better than use haha
This map supports the creation of the east Prussian bay, by showing Kaliningrad oblast as a part of the Baltic sea.
Actually, I could never imagine Lithuania and Latvia in war against each other
Building 5-6 floor buildings is more manageable and cheaper and friendlier for environment
I thought you all just sat silently brooding in the sauna, listening to heavy metal and chainsmoking
8L engine with a munual, while in USA-Audi A4 220hp 2
Balkan nationalist logic is incomprehensible to me
Potatoes
a German bastard sons born due to Barons' first night right.
Really wholesome, until one of my drunk uncles brings up politics
I wouldn't say worrying for any of us though, Hungary or any of the countries I mentioned aren't in the same category as Russia for sure
They claimed they love potatoes more than us, we couldn't just not do anything
Denmark isn't any cheaper, either.
For example, I was taught “wo ist die Bahnhopf bitte
And you can still taste the wine, or by your logic, why drink wine at all?
If it's not related to any country or region, I tend to assume people are American, largely due to old habits.
All I see is Northern European master race jointly dominating the top of the tree
Want to vote and have an impact
And also I'm guessing it was brought up to question, if working with a guy who orders murders of people opposing his regime is a good idea, it doesn't address that at all.
So there isn't very big diffrence but the terretorys are Up, down, (in the past another down but little bit to the right united whit down), right (The most noticable one like good luck understanding what do they mean), left
Which is not a good thing for a Latvian, seeing how Russia is right next door.
Same problem in Latvia, but with Russians.
Heeey
Latvia is simply more like us culturally and language wise.
Are we independent now
Latvia isn't the most popular tourist destination, but the tourists that we do get mostly come to Rīga, which is understandable and right, it's the only big city and the most interesting place, with some tourists going to Sigulda.
Let's also not forget that most countries only learn their own history as a nation state, and possibly in Europe medieval states as well
I think Asians, as a single group, aren't really a concept in most of Europe.
We get really confused with Lithuania which has ia ending either
Given that this is now just a suggestion by one ALDE MEP, it's probably not worth paying much attention to.
Lithuania: We're brothers
Quick Google search suggests that their Northern most point is 57,44° that's a bit South from Valka/Valga
There are kitchen scissors that can be taken apart easily, just open them far enough and the joint can be separated, then you can wash each side just like a knife
When you're outside smoking during breaks between lectures it kinda feels a lot more natural and not forced.
Viesturs I think
Million Millionaires in Moscow happily living with hundred million of low class peasants that happily do whatever their ruling class says....
well you pretty much say that its OK and justified for EU countries to go to war in completely foreign places far away from Europe (Mali is 3000 kilometers away from France), just to protect their economic interests.......by that definition, EU could start a war with China or India because its some of its resources were in danger or something, EU would be no better than Americans or any other empire.
(speaking from Baltic perspective)
Finnish badassery, that's what happened.
Starting a company sounds pretty cool tho
Someone who wants to honeydick the electorate and keep his position at the same time?
What do you now about our army anyway?
They look very different here
Not all the way through really.
Also smaller countries eg Fiji
Why is Poland so catholic
I don't give a shit about his reputation as long he does good things now.
How do you say the "Strength needed" part in Eesti keel
Could recognize “thanks” in a few more but don’t know by heart
* Discounted phone plan (~80% off compared to regular price for that carrier)
Careful there, being too furious rases the blood pressure and can lead to heart attacks at their age.
Not just in those that are located in the Gaeltacht
Your statistics are compleately wrong, but (sort of) close to numbers that reflect people who define Russian as their native language in countries you mentioned.
Its finally happening
Stanisław Lem ("Stellaris", "The Cyberiad").
Luckily it's nothing urgent, I just hope that they would reopen at all
Or the watermelon milk
Not sure how to word it correctly
The existence of UKIP implies a lack of independence within the EU for the UK, and we're even deeper in it
It is showing your development if you are from that country
Sometimes, you just want nice weather and scenery, but not culture or even other people, so a private villa with own pool and no near neighbours, but within a larger resort for ‘in-villa’ catering and bar service, can be quite nice
One more Finnic people, the [Livonians] in Latvia [share an anthem] with Estonia and Finland.
But they don't really just use "owl" to refer to both animals, each is a different kind of owl, e.g. a horned owl or a wood owl, it's just that there's a single base name for the whole order of animals
The Balkans are classified as south-eastern
It's not me mixing them up mate.
As we don't have any mountains in my country, I'd say no
And my experience has been that there is generally a "5 year gap" between Estonians and Latvians in the sense that I would consider Latvians ca.
Even once or twice we had snow in May
Finance/legal/accounting - London
I'm sure it also depends on which country you're coming from.
But good at doing job
Yes has been for many years now
A post about Estonia a day keeps the posts about Latvia away.
Guests do the same
But USA really needs to check itself in a mirror and understand how did they manage to get a racist kid as the Free World leader
I don't think it's just me, pretty sure that actually identifying with "white" is not that common.
That's the #1 for why the baltics are high up on the list.
It's because they weren't winged at the time, dummy.
Are you from the Ukraine, Latvia, Lithuania or Estonia and very insecure about the future?
We keep having disputes with Russia regarding this.
You deleted the wrong country, fool
I think none of them had even ever set foot in Germany until now.
Macao
I, being a native, can barely pronounce it
there is nothing wrong with shitting on your country, if it actually deserves to be shit on......I too will shit talk my home if it did something bad, otherwise it's childish and hypocritical to accuse others of wrongdoings if you ignore your own.
IIRC in Lithuanian case it wouldn't apply, because the treaty was signed after they declared Independence.
Is there actually any archeological evidence to support this?
Anywhere I've been, apart from Romani/gypsy (whatever the politically correct term is) neighborhoods, was fine
So, surely, as in almost any country, especially big and diverse, there are people who live in poverty and difference in economical climate may vary from region to region
Similar to Italy, Romania, Portugal
However the case about Estonia and Latvia are as recent as 27 years.
And that's why I am complaining that the Latvian algebra course was a joke.
Yea because Russia is objectively an evil authoritarian shithole.
1990-91 in Latvian referred to as "barikāžu laiks" (Time of barricades) In which we waited for action Frome both the west and Soviets civilians constricted [barricades] to stop potential intervention
There’s a video from Latvian song and dance festival
Don’t really like guided tours or group excursions
As a guy who usually either drives or walks everywhere, this looks like my worst nightmare
Make our lands greater than theirs.
My grandparents were deported to Siberia
However they do appear to offer more expensive option (9,99€) with no data/speed limit.
They seem to equate power plants to nuclear bombs and don't care about any arguments whatsoever, they're just scared and every discussion inevitably leads to Chernobyl and Fukushima disasters.
In Courland, we do also have our own dialect, but again, still Latvian
We used to have ministry of E-affairs, which ultimatelly was merged into, along with other things
I wonder what newer theories does he have?
in Riga, Latvia, thankfully a lot of buildings are protected now, and despite USSR times seeing some demolishing, a lot of building survived well...
Peter the Great is proud of you
Germany-Audi A4 170hp 1
You either die as a hero, or live long enough to become the villain
How close to Akropole
EU and NATO publicly denounced Russian takeover of Crimea and recognizes it as part of Ukraine under occupation.....so yea
The society is both unified more than ever, but further apart as well.
It's just because country names are similar in most languages.
Croatia, Italy, Latvia, Poland and Hungary sort your shit out!
Reporting in with a complaint about Latvijas Pasts, I've got a package stuck indefinitely at the local post office
Even though that is the reality of it, they technically didn't lose citizenship, as they never had latvian citizenship, as it is a continuation of the pre WW2 citizenship.
They are not forbidden to speak Russian anywhere, if that's what you're asking.
Antivaxx I haven't heared here but some individuals there will be always
And unifying them in one branch is retarded, I can find grammar similarities within Latvian language, but Slavic languages are on whole next level of gibberish.
As opposed to ancestors of Latvians and Estonians who for around 700 years partially or completely have lived in the same country
Proportions matter, not just total numbers...
Makes me think it's people with certain political views over exaggerating
>Iceland
Our language is basically what you get if you take the ancient proto-indo-european and replace roughly two thirds of the vocabulary with German
Even possible
Property rights, fiscal freedom, business freedom, labor freedom, monetary freedom, trade freedom, investment freedom, financial freedom etc are on point.
Of course Latvian and Estonian shows don't match up with American because of funds, but people watch Russian crap anyway...
After years and years of me cooking in front of her eyes, she knows a lot now
Already beautiful as it is
We dont even need into nordic, but it would be soooo worth it.
Russian i dunno why but its really hard and i keep messing it up with latvian language rules
Never knew i need this framed on my wall
All the while, she is known to make regular trips to Moscow, which often includes meeting Mr
At least it's not "Russia" or "former soviet".
- National Geographic Society
So basically same just with little changes that comes with the language
Estonian and Latvian (and to a degree Lithuanian) peasants ate it as their main dish as they were under harsh serfdom and lacked anything better.
These people don't want to go to Latvia, Ireland, Portugal or Slovenia.
If you haven't scanned, you get 30eur fine on the spot
Come visit
I love being able to bicycle everywhere in February
Everyone seemed to have a lot of fun
I was always wondering why is it that Latvia and Lithuania have higher birth rates than other post-communists countries...whether that's a cultural thing, or some specific government policies.
We already have so much junk food and fast food - both American and Soviet, chain and indie
I've also heard smaller kids in my school talk in english to eachother.
That Latvians are not the same people as Russians
I think it's meant to poke fun at [World Economic Forum] not Trump per se
A shopkeeper will not benefit by invading houses of his clients
I believe we took the name  Igaunija from [Ugannians]
Pieņemsim and lai būtu are also similar in meaning
Marriages between Old believers and Lutherans were impossible.
Tiskādi (these 3 have a hard sound to them which sort of encapsulates the essence of Latvian language)
I love the sound of thunder
* [Canadian guy speaking perfect Latvian]
No special attitude towards black people here, except among some radical circles that unfortunately exist everywhere.
Yes there are a few forests where you won't find anyone or any buildings if you walked for hours
Yeah, right, Eastern Europeans blame the country that acctually claims to be legal successor of country at fault and continues to glorify it, not all Russian people, including those living in other countries
At first they were blocky all-caps printed letters, while you learned to actually read
Let me explain why this is such a huge technological problem
So you will have to excuse me if I am not ready to consume your bullshit.
These conditions are according to the itinerary that you fill in while applying.
Americans, what can you tell me about the place where Latvia is located?
Just about everyone in Russia knows how 28 soldiers under General Panfilov's command made a heroic last stand against a column of German tanks in November of 1941.
Even if emigration was 0, which isn't possible of course, fertility rates are below replacement levels - which means society would get older, with a larger share of the population being seniors and a larger economic load on working-age citizens.
The difference between garlic bread in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania and garlic bread in civilised countries.
You can only hear eyewitness stories from different parts of Latvia detailing the Nazis as humanists in comparison to the Red Army for so long before you start to challenge the constant background Russian drum of "russophobia, lies, Western propaganda, no proof".
So, if I want to argue with a person, I just have to give him a knife (or any other sharp object) hand to hand
This internet stranger believes in you wishes you all the best
then Ms
I use Apple products everyday, but It will be funny if they don’t include european charger and you need to buy it for 39
By 2040 there will be 130 km/h autobahn from Lithuania's border to Estonias
I suppose "Nu, labi" would be the closest, it translates to well, ok
Point is, it's much easier to decide to take some worthless nations than defending them.
Russia, obviously
It's the case for all nexon games(such as Dirty bomb) and, recently I ran into this with Black desert online.
If you feel depressed, just look at Moldova and say "that could've been us, but isn't".
That's actually pretty cool, hopefully it works out.
It's visa-free priviledge, lol.
Yes, one can probably get by fine by only knowing Russian, but I, and I'm sure many more, would not expect to be forced into using a foreign language because my neighbour of 20 years either doesn't know the local language or knows it perfectly well, but would rather speak another one, because obviously, you had it in school too, so you won't mind.
In Latvia, for example, while you can waive copyright, the law requires "collective management" of most of the works that are under CC, which
That's what she said
Suicide by three shots in the back of the head.
Probably [Laika Suns] or [Carnival Youth]
Godspeed, UK
Source: I'm Latvian
The people voted, stop pushing it back already
They exist so that Putin can look reasonable compared to them
And still no potato for Latvia...
But even 25 years going West the situation is tough for us.
Countries and their leaders are just another set of organizations so whatever applies to them applies down the line
Lithuania: We're brothers
expensive but itll be good
Probably bears, though we don’t have many (around 30 or so I think)
That is one fancy pub you are frequenting.
Saintly serbs who didn't do anything wrong.
In the 90s that regime collapsed under its own weight
Less of an origin story of our country, more of an origin story of Latvian mentality:
Movie industry was pretty dead, but in recent years there have been some semi-decent films, however most marketed ones are produced by one team that always employs very American plot cliches, but unfortunately tries to apply it to things were it doesn't fit well (mostly events from Latvian history).
But no, refugee status is generally not the same as other resident status (and refugee status is defined internationally), even if it gives some of the same rights.
heh, there are some contraditions there.....first of, some countries in EU like France and Britain are not so reluctant to ''not interfere'' in other countries.
Fun fact: 11
Groceries are not electronics which I can buy in the next city or order online.
I would still argue that positive freedom is only possible when negative freedom exists.
Latvians are still Latvians even if they're living in London, Dublin, or Stockholm
Why Eesti into Nordic if Finland can into Baltic?
"Damn, Estonia just out-depressed us both with that one
Speaking of Latvia, they've created a system where Latvian speaking part of the population(62%) has held 90%+ government official positions and political power for the past 25 years.
2 million Latvians can't agree how to divide the budget - and we generally share a language, cultural norms.
That's a way how to get pneumonia son
>Latvia is such a pain though and it really slows you down
It must be earned, and its not only Russians who must do it, its everyone who emigrated here.
Urine does
Omon opens fier In the Baltic States (here's a [Lithuania man getting run over]
I always thought it was our own special brand of stupid
Its not even that different from Obama or Bush.
Living in the desert would suck as well, and the desert is a hellhole as well.
Yeah, well, it doesn't work like that.
he would have also gotten the disillusioned working class white
I decided to try again last year and I can't
EU has appropriated it, and Belgium is almost never mentioned in context
And understanding language is the only way that languages are learned
-Hungarian
I think it's quite smart answer to all this huge African poverty nonsense, but unfortunately not symmetrical in terms of the volume
I see you are from former Russian province Grand Duchy of Finland.
OK genius, since you seem to think you have all the answers, tell me this - what orders would the RF armed forces staff give to the 106th Guards Airborne division if Lukashenko would be in immediate danger of being removed from power by elements deemed to be aligned with or supported by western interests?
Hopefully my work sends me there again when wether is better and sun doesn't set by the time I get back from office.
If any ambassador coming to Latvia is not able to take off her hijab in front of a man - that ambassador obviously has no respect for Latvian values of gender equality, hence that person has no place in Latvia at all.
And in 1918-19 it was an all-round chaos that had elements of civil war(s) as well, and Latvians at least were over-represented among the Bolshevik forces.
You are not supposed to say that dummy if you ever hope to become Nordic.
There wasn't much difference, considering there were Soviet troops inside all countries and all three were *de facto* independent in most affairs by then.
I'm blown away by the participation rates in Sweden.
With a big appetite for eating other Latvians without salt
I hiked along the entire Latvian-Estonian border line a couple of years ago (~350 km) and within that border alone there were plenty of tiny "international" bridges in all shapes and conditions
Young people don't hold them in high regard and don't know how to celebrate them.
As you travel further north and east, the kisses for greetings exponentially decrease.
......do you know what a dictator even is???
Just like in my Latvia also in whole EU middle class is getting weaker we have to find a way how we increase their welfare but it must be done not by more subsidies etc., but by providing more opportunities for younger generation to rise.
And here I was thinking I could trump you both, turns out our [bridge] is the third largest :(
Whenever news hit that Germans are, for example, not so willing to have their vaccine my husband stares at TV in disbelief saying - not the Germans too, they are the most civil country and even they are turning
That simultaneous feeling of it sounding very familiar while still not being at all understandable...
Absolutely necessary
Worst of all, she represents Latvia in the European Parliament
Just drain Finnish bay into Peipus then you'll have neighbour you want and sea between you and the neighbour you dislike
Yeah, first heard about it when someone asked about it on /r/Latvia like a month ago, seemed like urban legend, the only thing that made me stop for a bit was that in variation told there teens were being coerced to play by threathening their families, which I imagine might work younger/naiver kids.
Poland and Estonia meet the threshold.
The task was just too big to manage in a few decades...
Sweden has the highest rate with more than 54 per cent of its energy coming from renewable sources in 2015, following by Finland on just under 40 per cent and Latvia on 39 per cent.
So far as a poor student, I've taken trips to Latvia about twice a year and to Finland, Lithuania and Poland about every two years.
About as much as Trump likes tall, slim blondes.
Brits are officially metric, have been for quite a while now
Personally, I dislike it, however it's good to "spice up" mulled wine during the winter season
Mate, I've heard stories about Russian "feta" and "cheese" in general.
I'm not one to jump in and disclose how much I earn right away, but I don't perceive it as rude
Your imaginary scenario that the country becomes empty is just laughable.
While here in the west, nearly all of them gets away with all that bullshit
That idea wouldn't really sell in Estonia, despite good relations with Latvia.
It wasn't the current Russians that did that
Even in apartment buildings people mostly don't greet each other, except for maybe in villages where everybody knows everybody
I'm sure Russia rather enjoys the idea that it's making everyone tremble in fear, but mainly it's just creepy, disgusting and sad
Abortation is something to thing about in country level, not individual thing
Most of Greek Cypriots that I know would never cross "border" of North Cyprus
I was recently in Macedonia (really nice country, btw!) and I felt like a God!
Completing the Baltic circle of flags
I’d say that it would be Sweden
Not true
Exactly the same here, idk why
Those parties are populists thought and no one would vote for them if ruling politicians would actually bother to listen to their electorate for once.
How in seven hells did Estonia and Latvia choose to let Russisns in during a foreign occupation??
It is very conceivable that NATO attacks Russia because NATO is consisted of countries utterly obsessed about hating Russia such as Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia and Poland.
It's not because of some widespread animosity against Norway, the story was spun by Russian propagandists because there was a Russian family in Norway where children were taken away by the Norwegian CPS, and as a matter of policy, the Norwegians couldn't and wouldn't comment anything on the case (to protect the children and their privacy
depends entirely on your personal opinion
Idk I've been to kaunas and Vilnius and I thought they were both quite charming - maybe no straight up monuments or big sights bit nice places to wander around.
There are three tones in Latvian:
Agiotage is outdated as a borrowing in English, often used in Russian.
Living (t)here - it's annoying but somewhat amusing
If you're the kind of person who can work in Silicon Valley, you can walk out any time you want and get a better deal.
Do you realize how small is our cultural "safe space"?
It's a contemporary map, with war still continuing in some places and not all new countries recognised at that time they couldn't have known for certain what the borders are going to be during the interwar period
Worked out for me pretty well in that sense.
I wonder if aliens are watching and having fun on their alien reddit, discussing our blind measly attempts at doing something they consider to be ancient imbecile-worthy "tech"
For Latvia it would be the
I would very much like to see better funding.
Commas
Across the river in a straight line
London will still be the prime ground for laundering your Russian dollar, if that's what you're asking.
Yep
Unlike Norway and Switzerland the UK is not even in Schengen area, for example
Oh come on, it's a part of the national identity.
Not these exact scissors but most of my gardening tools are made by Fiskars
This is the kind of thinking that will damn us all.
Nope - a bad joke of a president, oligarchs and mafia running the country and then the economy collapsed
That looks like Malta
We address them as "teacher" (there's a diffrent name for it at university level, and there some might also use tiles, I guess, but essentialy same principles apply) and with formal pronouns
If Québec becomes independent one day, hopefully they'll let me be the first ambassador to Slovenia too.
Jānis, izgājis cauri tumšajam mežam, bija pienācis pie kroga, tikai lai uzzinātu ka viņš aizmirsa paņemt līdzi naudu
Like no one responsible for this decision has seen USSR statistics regarding demography, birthrate and women's health when abortions were illegal
You mean put salt on your skin and rub it with an ice cube
6th grade is 13 years old though
In Latvian generic word for any celebration/holiday is something like "festivities" and name for Christmas happens to be Winter's festivities, with no Christian connection implied, so normal Christmas greeting is roughly Merry Winter's festivities!
* [Jānis Pliekšāns ''Rainis'']
Yes, that's what I was saying - you can be Polish national, but ethnically not Polish, but nationality can both equal citizenship or be defined by some other way of belonging to a nation, which can include ethnicity, while ethnicity and citizenship are distinct concepts, so it's possible citizenship = nationality, ethnicity = nationality, but citizenship =/= ethnicity
Ah madloba, I remember that one now
It was mostly phones and communication equipment, but apparently they made computers too.
Ukraine,
Countries with high turnout for national elections exhibit a mediocre EU turnout, countries with a poor national turnout display horrible EU turnout.
In several of my comments here I said that I it was a terrible crime against humanity commited by Soviet government.
Whether someone wants to patrol an area is personal and does not make the area a no-go zone.
then Ms
Valka(Valga) on the Estonian-Latvian border
Im getting wasted to have a courage to face family dinner in one hour, so when I counted I got 7 in front, 0 in the back.
Ādolfs, Vilhelms and Jurjāns for males
Let's go 160 mph instead of 80
A lot more of them East than West
First off elite by its definition is a minority, so its more like one wolf and twenty sheep voting for dinner.
We're too preoccupied with the veterans of ww2 becoming more numerous every year for the rally of the (soviet) victory day
Karogs (flag), valsts karogs (state flag), Latvijas karogs (flag of Latvia), Sarkanbaltsarkanais karogs (the red-white-red flag)
Completely agree about Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, one of the rare cases where Hollywood gets it right; The Girl in the Spider's Web (movie) was straight up trash, though
Maybe it represents the giant epic mining trucks they make there
I hope the White House Staff (I imagine there is something like that) will teach him how to convey his ideas in a more or less universally understandable manner.
It's hard because the meanings of crown dependencies, overseas territories and such is unclear.
Yeah, it's cool
Maybe it's shown through Finnish and through Latvian connections, for reasons I do not know.
Im Latvian, and all my friends support Hilary over Trump
Palestine is not a country, Ukraine is
glorios Yurop
The picture clearly shows at least 200 people
Shit
Ok so I already know 2 languages fluently so I would definitely want to learn German, Korean and Japanese
I can see how they want to secure what they have but I think selling your country to the highest bidder eventually will bite you in the behind when you have all these people with no loyalty to social democracy moving in without any requirement to assimilate.
The Polish Government is messed up
* [Albert of Riga]
And if I’m in a place where no one knows where Latvia is, I’m still gonna say “next to Russia” anyway
So, for lulz, there were some who could not get on the bridges.
Yup
Maybe also Ukraine
I do t think we are important to EU
Also reddit: yeah supporting communism and posting hammers & sickles and denying genocides commited in communist countries is fine
Yeah just a bunch o trees and stuff
I live closer to Gotland than I do to Riga, I use a Swedish bank, half of our media are owned by Swedish companies, and I think our internet comes from across the Baltic in Sweden
I'm missing on the list Portugal, Ireland, Latvia/Lithuania/Estonia, Finland, Belgium, Denmark, Slovakia.
What happened there
Could be worse: you could be Latvia, who lost to the Faroes.
Folk dancing and choir, I'm quite sure this is the same for most Latvians
In high school I actually participated in one
Also, I think it was fairly honest about foreign locales, with comedic exaggerations, of course
I've come, especially in the recent years, to feel very European.
I think Quisling is used much more widely than English
Yes, that would make you a target for conscription, though the 2 year figure is wrong - conscription in Greece is for 9 months (Army) or 12 months (other branches).
I agree, if you have good education and enough skill to get a good job there is not much you won't have that you had before.
I've checked this [wiki] which might explain a bit, but it seems that there's an unclear origin
OMON literally means Special Purpose Militia Unit
Our media is surprisingly lenient on Russia.
Same if looking at American wages.
There wasn't anyone called Tsar Vyatka as far as I know.
Most of them are from the natural decay of the road.
We are the only genuine pro European, pro NATO, pro Western party.
Not what I wanted/expected tho ;-;
Visited: [Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium, Czechia, Austria, Hungary, Italy, Spain, Portugal, UK.] (17)
Business lunches are pretty popular, especially in central Riga, and that's normally some cheap Latvian dish for like €3 a portion or something
The rural countryside had a lot of similarities, and the cities felt a lot like large English towns or small cities
If I need some information relayed by text, I'll send her a whatsapp message
Well, [why not] Sweden is favourite former overlord.
It cannot be justified in any way, nor is it understandable except for a very narrow definition of "understandable", as in, it's indeed not too difficult to understand the motivation behind the attacks.
In some ways they are closer to us Balts, than Ukrainians for example.
I don't think so, there is no law against burning flags, but it's illegal to treat the national flag with disrespect and the procedure for disposal is cutting it into separate strips, which individuay don't look like the flag
I traveled through Lithuania and Latvia and pretty much no one outside the hostel spoke English or German, but they all spoke fluent Russian.
It seems more like they try to portray themselves as true nation's Patriots and defenders against evil foreign things
They may be very anti-Kremlin by default, but will backpedal as soon as it affects their wealth.
Are there no Romanians in Latvia?
Jesus, man, we **want** you here, we appreciate your support, and this is what we get?
Your arrogance of your ignorance is admirable.
It’s pretty common for a few subjects to be taught in English outside of English or American school, and in my fiancées school she even had a few subjects in French also
It's Āmurs
Just check how the US imposes a lot of rules via various trade agreements on it.
In each foot of the wall there were several bullet holes.
Sadly trade deals take way more time than 2 years.
I agree, I haven't even watched 4 and 5, still if someone thinks there are 3, there are 5
Those who left for America didn't leave huge mark in the overall age structure in various European states.
Essentially, then, data could and should have been more granular, but you can't call it misleading exactly.
You can also purchase paper ticket for one ride from the driver (and IIRC at places where you'd normally buy or load cards as well)
Such a weird place
Never hear of anything other than at
It should also hold at least until next week, since the temperatures are going to be mostly negative.
I think they have vastly different cultures
1 dead and 6 injured, 2 with minor wounds
The part that was taken from Latvia (which was smaller than the whole Abrene district) *was* mostly Russian - about 85%.
UK people don’t know right wing
dog = suns
And thanks to western woke leftists - it's going to stay that way
And after that, we went to McDonald's or some pizza restaurant (I don't remember it well)
You don't need a job as long as you can support yourself.
Pretty rare, but noticable, because people with two names usually insist on using them
And honestly, how ever sweet the memories are, Latvia treats us much nicer.
No, it's not
Curiously enough, Estonia is often brought as an example for Latvians as a country that does NOT have an overly dominating capital.
we never had any history with countries like Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, etc.
Russia justifies its actions by saying that NATO is encroaching on it and some analysts seem to agree to extent that US and EU perhaps failed to understand what Russia is like
Latvia has 3 hydro powerplants on river Daugava.
Nah, that's too strong, it could keep standing after a storm
I only see the welsh flag on Rugby days
Oberführer Adolf Ax, commander of the 15th Division, reported on 27 January 1945: "They are first and foremost Latvians.
Very interesting about Latvian schools- I love hearing about different cultures.
good God almighty.....I cant even
Nouns have six declension classes, three for masculine nouns, three for feminine nouns
pro-Kremlin puppets, as in the Donbass).
To prevent piracy in the first few months or weeks
Not to mention, Latvia already has half the people we have and it's still a country.
Yeah, like the good ol "Fuck the Jews" European culture, or the older "Fuck the women" Culture, which one you like more?
Luxembourg is 2,586 so they are both rounded to 25.
First two because we get a lot of visitors from Finland, especially for hockey games because the tickets and beer are a lot cheaper in Latvia
never stop because the dynamic these days is overly emotional to which I say the 5 sacred Gs: good god, get a grip girl
As for independence, what is it exactly
We'll probably soon be near the top in Europe per capita
For kids it was fun at some point - we never knew anything different, toys, cartoons were the same for everyone from Baltics to China borders, parents were always employed, health care and education was for free, that is if we talk about 60s and beyond
I thought cottaging was gay dogging ?  Maybe I’m doing it wrong
Highest point in this contrie isnt even 300m high
I meant the "/" as in some non-euro people choose to see Spain, some Italy when it comes to  what they consider the typical "sunny vacation destination" European countries
They all sound American to me
Soviets didn't build anything that we wouldn't have built ourselves
I think you might be onto something right there
It is sad for me, that you and your country is not seeing that.
There's also other kinds of civil engineering and industrial systems whose MO heavily relies on the existence of hot water district heating
How can they want to move there when there is a glorious Latvian Nationalistic administrations in every other town and city...
Are the letters in Latvian with with commas under them not palatalised consonants?
Stereotypes about Gypsies are significantly less flattering.
I guess around 80% of the population are fluent in or can speak good Russian, keep in mind that about a third of the population speaks Russian natively.
Stop pretending
Yes
Same in our pagan mythology (pretty similar to Norse/Germanic) - the Sun is a major female goddess, the Moon is a somewhat lesser male deity
We also ban drugs, even though many drug addicts choose to use them...
Latvian generally doesn't have words ending in **-as** (except in some grammatical cases iirc).
If I had to regularly attend meetings, I'd bring a laptop for that
HOW DO THESE THINGS CORRELATE
Not in todays germany
My method is, in Euro countries, to mostly pay with bills (except the really cheap stuff), and then by the end of my trip I'll have saved up enough coins so I use them on my last day for lunch at the airport or something like that.
What really irks me is the measurements - not even ounces and pounds, those can be converted but fucking cups as a measurement
Hoping to go there already next week (if travel restrictions are lifted)
racism and claims of racism are overblown nowadays, and anyone can be an idiot depending on who is judging
Aww you rich capitalists Spaniards.
The Latvian Naval forces are headquartered in Liepāja, I think everything else is in Riga
Revolut cards use Visa, no one can track you
Funny how people use to consider Germany discount Austria
I don't think that division is relevant in any other way, like, say, for culture, it's way too large and diverse region for things like that
History teacher said that Prussia existed before 16th century
So the Red Army marched as bunch gentlemen in the East Germany?
What if the ferries start to go directly to Latvia?
.....why do you presume actual ossetian opinion on this thing matters???
I apolagise about this, I don't know what our government is thinking
russia
Kosovo is not a part of Serbia
If you're voting for a person, you're voting for everything he stands for.
Northern European food best food.
as I speak the local Swedish and English, I can comfortably communicate with almost everyone I meet so there's no problem.
The name Suomi (Finnish for "Finland") has uncertain origins, but a candidate for a source is the Proto-Baltic word *źemē, meaning "land".
Not sure what is even there to do on next two days, except getting together with relatives to exchange gifts
the political intrigues of a NATO task force fucked us over completely
Germany - Vācija
He's trying to finally calm her down as the rest of us get off the bus, and we can't take it anymore
I'd say that all my friends feel about Estonians the same
But Latvia never has had sea islands before, so it can be confusing
I've been working in international companies all my life, and my friend groups have also been international
Both cards are given only to registered residents of the city,thou in Riga you can buy a small amount of these cards,even if you are not a resident of the city
* [Jānis Čakste]
Same in Latvia
At least, driver got free parking in the city center
Few months back I visited Gozo just to see the Azure Window.
I don't know where that screenshot is from in your second link but even if (especially if) it's from some official source, it says that a sticker alone isn't enough to charge with petty hooliganism
This isn’t just in Latvia, but also in Lithuania, Estonia and quite a few Slavic countries too, but [Kvass]
Wow that first one, what a disgusting fucking graph.
There are two very important conditions for asylum in a situation that's not a war.
I know what that is, but again, they kind of had a special situation going on there that allowed them to be in that possiton to begin with
Didn't think much of it
I don't think Russia is particularly tied to Germany, but there is some recent history.
Do we need to worry with visa to enter these places?
Well Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania have a prohibition of alcohol consumption in public places AFAIK.
I do t think we are important to EU
Riga city council is corrupt as fuck and does things that only suit them or their electorate (i.e.
The balls must fly in all directions
The federalisation itself is not in question right now, this is a discussion that came up from some people's arguments against it
Terminal will show how many rides are left on your e-talons
That's why Lithuania is on the list and Latvia is kinda...
99 or something like that
Another aspect is that corrupt officials rarely get public reprecussions - e.g.
Then CIA simply hacked the newspaper and published this to make glorious Russia look bad and to make children gay.
In Finland it's fairly common to go to Estonia to buy your alcohol drinks in bulk.
I've seen this said a few times and every time I think - ah, there's the difference in mentality
It's a very ceremonial office indeed.
Which would also get flattened by Russia.
"No
Atleast the landscape around it made the town look nice
Plus there's a possibility that the virus will mutate into something new by the next season - why do you think flu and the common cold keep coming back every year
For example - I'd rather vote for a pile of shit than any of the leading parties.
It's funny how the more conservative a region is, the more they tout their women's virtues as a point of pride for the whole country
> People are already saying that 2020 isn't giving up till the last second
Europe is much less religious in general, with the exception of a couple places like Poland and Italy.
My step sister did the same thing - moved to France after higschool
She just "raises awareness"? I have enough of awareness raised, I don't need kids skipping school to make me understand that climate change exists
They are the rapists, they are the bad ones, they are the occupants.
When I moved from Latvia to Sweden, I asked myself similar questions quite often.
Whatever it is, it can't be worth it
For the EU, a proper federal state.
In Latvia they say that one will end up digging trenches
I've been amazed looking at some US city maps where suburbs have hardly any public transport stops.
And how many of those countries are actually in Europe?
Also - you mentioned Germany
There are 8 EU MPs from Latvia, out of 751.
19 - deviņpadsmit
Indoors entertainment
they are winning this new Cold War though
Latgale
I really, really do love both the Finnish culture and the language.
Well, WWI enabled us to have foreign relations, and WWII disabled that particular feature for 50 years, so yeah
Low-wage job is better than no job or living on unemployment benefits.
It was ridiculous, I laughed all the way through
He does seem unusually honest for a politician, and his policies are about bringing some semblance of social democracy to the country.
You can be one without the other.
And that is concerning a different shooting in January, not the day when all hell broke loose on the 20th of February.
Unless they shoot missiles (which are very expensive, cannot be fired while the tank is moving, and Russia has relatively few of them) , they are a huge disadvantage against Abrams or Leopard at long range.
Don’t really like guided tours or group excursions
Anyways I am not talking about 90s only.
Genderelezes
I figured that If I tell to look for links, it's not hard to spot large blue letters saying HERE in a short article.
We removed all USSR monuments as fast as we got our independence
And you’ve split the Baltic States between North and East, when they are lined up directly North South of each other
Thanks <3
In Latvia they [crossed the border just few days before invasion of 1940 and murdered some border guards and their family members] without any obvious reason
I believe many Estonians don't know that [mass song festivals] are a thing in Latvia and (to a certain degree) in Lithuania as well.
The interwar Republic of Latvia had a government in exile and the current republic is considered a direct continuation of the prewar state
And guess what ? those cars don't have to pay import tax
Latvia is ruled by latvian nationalists (I don't call them fascists or nazis) whose dream is to make monoethnic Latvia.
I had forgotten that, thanks for reminding me, seriously
I think it comes, like a lot of current names, from the Romans who reffered to the tribes living in the Eastern Baltic coast as [Aesti] though might be wrong.
( Like a garbage business )
Huh, that means that due to State succession they are stateless and second-class citizen.
Not sure if 160 or 200 km/h counts as high speed, though.
There was quite a bit of electronics produced in Latvia.
founded on the 18th of November, 1918 :)
Does Russia have a list with their client states as well
There have been some crisis situations in last few years, in which it would have made sense for EU to have a common strategy and coordination was attempted, but it mostly fell apart.
This was epic, reminds me of my childhood.
All Baltic countries (especially Estonia and Latvia) were then repopulated with imported workers, reducing the local population to 50-60%.
Are you trying to say it is a good thing?
I think that some countries require shops to accept swipe-only cards if they do accept cards in the first place, but you'd be better off asking store employees if they can deal with a non-PIN card.
I can agree with this
Yeah, he was a tyrant and not a good guy
Vaaverae
We look at comments on the local news sites and the one with the most vile and hateful author is chosen as the de facto brown cardinal who occupies the mind of anyone living here
It is not like cyclists/drivers/pedestrians come from different parts of society
For me, the ugliest buildings in Latvia are three "skyscrapers" 100 meter tall each, built in the soviet times, absolutely generic
If Putin can waltz into Crimea and get it annexed, where does it stop?
We still have non-citizens here who refuse to take naturalization exam or learn the language properly
No sensible person would consider it a pinnacle of wine culture, and I certainly hope no one would waste actually good wine on that but it's ok sometimes when you want something light and refreshing.
And Latvians were the part of that victory, there were many Latvians in Red Army as well as Ukrainians, Belarusians, Kazakhs...
Yeah, I know, it's sad
Thankfully both me and my husband hate it
I guess "ej tu skaista meitene" is a popular one, meaning "hey you beautiful girl", but it's a line from a really famous Latvian punk song (think Latvia's version of The Clash) so it might be a bit weird if she doesn't know the song, lol
This, of course, applies to all of us
More important - better than Eesti.
Funny to hear about me being on the right in the US for at least some issue, as I think I'm far to the left of the American mainstream politics.
many other countries did not, such as Poland or Czechoslovakia, Soviets didn't even want to contemplate these places not being under iron fist of Moscow
There are some obtuse people who would like us to reconquer Trinidad and Tobago, and The Gambia
Nothing has changed since then
The ministry of enviorment and regional development, VARAM for short, which just happens to stand for "we can" in Latvian, they're website  lists everything they can on the right hand side, but suffice to say, you might never have expected that you would need to call for tech support to ministry of the enviroment, which is curently very busy with redrawing borders of our regions
Then we had a funny scandal because of that 1-2 years ago with implication that no one has the right to demand knowledge of Russian for a job
Poor little guys but I can imagine they already have pretty shitty lifes
people of Latvia
* [Jacob Kettler]
\>bregzit bad
Latvia with 37.6%, Australia with 33%, and Denmark with 30.8%
It's an advertisement for a tariff plan.
Well it makes me crazy anyway
>citizens, who works in Italy
It would be political suicide in eastern Europe to have welfare money handed out to non-nationals on the scale and scamming as its done in western Europe by Germany, Sweden, UK etc.
Ok, the article you linked implied he was communicating in Russian and English but not Latvian.
She likes how she lives, if I was her I would be miserable
Dutch and German Troops Training in Poland
Why would You do that
Lithuania, Latvia, Moldova, Slovenia, Albania, Bulgaria
I understand it's a hard time for you
I found that 70% number in some paid papers' abstract
I always thought that only the "poor ones" can't meet the goal.
Latvian history is full of learning new languages.
I'd say Russian is more available in commercial sector
And your relatives are going to believe comments on the Internet?
This is giving me eurovision vibes
The amazing thing here is that his last name "Vējonis" derives from "vējš", which means "wind".
There is a key difference between the two: there are very few athletes who earn lots of money while there are significantly more scientists
Accommodation and food are also affordable here.
The amazing thing here is that his last name "Vējonis" derives from "vējš", which means "wind".
As much as I am strongly pro-integration, I have to recognize that the average Czech is completely uninformed on Italian politics and unable to properly vote.
But they sleep during the day and have 10 course meals really late at night, so they have their own problems
There's always two sides in every conflict
If there was no MAD then I don't see why not, if there was, then a war wouldn't have happened at all.
In May they united with council of officers of the same army (see?
So, would be interesting to hear your opinions on[The national library of Latvia] Designed by [Gunārs Birkerts] an architect known for designing multiple buildings in the US it was his gift to his Homeland
I think that could be a good reason to switch host families
[This one]#/photos/latvijas_armija/sets/72157670630479030/) stood out, though
When talking about the colonies, there were some lessons about Columbus and the subsequent events - the Spanish conquest of the Aztecs, and the like.
In comparison we have not just two but three different base words for owl species - apogs, ūpis un pūce (apogs would be a kind of buho in Spanish
Lithuania has least Nordic influence, our culture is closest to Polish and German.
You definitely have some stiffness, that's making talking to you a pleasure, btw
Personal thoughts seem to be the best reviews.
Just refer to Porziņģis' comments, where he said ''who the fuck wants to learn Latvian?''
Once a year for dentist (fix things if there anything to fix) and once a year for hygenist (to deep clean)
>I had some person earlier tell me how these SS units weren't Nazis
So you'll be applying at a Russian embassy in Estonia or whatever country you're studying in.
They took away the citizenship/political rights of their minority upon gaining independence and require them to go through a 'naturalization' test to become citizens.
- Spēkonis (The Strong-One)
Anything significantly more than 10% means you had an exceptionally good time.
I feel quite qualified to answer after living in Sweden - PIZZA!
>Did not this heights began in Munich with your Chamberlain and their Mussolini and Daladier
History of Latvia is generally understood to be history of lands within it, usually starting from about 13th century due to lack of written sources about earlier times (that video that was on r/Europe today shows this approach nicely, even though it doesn't cover everything).
You weren't born in a tram
Maybe Russia longs for the lost empire, I don't know, but Moscow keeps funding politicians, NGO's, journalists here.
The Republic of Poland shall be the common good of all its citizens.
Why have like 4 fucking gradient transition colours in your map?
Guns are allowed in most European countries, but they come with fairly strict licensing requirements.
I have always hated writing and reading cursive, and I will avoid it in all cases where there are viable alternatives
Latvians do that to hide their sixth toe.
In Barcelona almost everything is closed.
Only the people in the UK want to make a big polarised tribal argument out of it
Joke on you, currently [this] is only currently open KGB franchise in US
Especially since most of those are tertiary sexual issues, solved by either (worst case) abstinence, and best case - usage of condoms.
Sometimes it feels like people driving cars think that they are still sitting in those carnival bumper cars instead of piloting a ton of steel at a speed that can kill
No - a much worse regime that started the worst war in history and murdered millions
French for me so far
We also had these very thin notebooks for homework
Nazis=Knife
Cobllestone collapsed, since there was hidraulyc tests under it
Extremely boring and inefficient
I don't think it gets better internationally than 2%
Ich hab' sie beide gehört lang bevor Ich dieses Post geöffnet hatte
But I agree that something is off with this map, it could be more insightful if it showed the levels in the biggest cities and rural areas separately
That's interesting, didn't know it, thanks
Latvia and Lithuania better increase their spending then.
The book has been translated into several different languages and published in most former Soviet block countries
- blame Brussels;
[It's all over news] but obviously they're [in latvian] so yall probably wont get too much info out of it
By 2040 there will be 130 km/h autobahn from Lithuania's border to Estonias
im dumb, sorry
Fuck blizzard
Damn, imagining just having your own island there
And 1 of the reasons there have been no wars or real military conflicts in Europe after WW2.
I still believe that our voter and we as a party will find the strength to deliver trust and practical solutions to Latvians.
Likewise a reformation within Islam could create their own version of the "priesthood of all believers" and cut ties with Mecca and Kaba,
But people in general want more than 1 child if they have decided to have children.
Today I can gladly say my taste has expanded significantly and I can see Charles would be a great prince to marry
Russia is not going to send anybody in Latvia except for standard spies.
Nah, the South is used for glorious gene pools due to inbreeding with the Latvians.
And they might give that control to someone worse than Putin
I’m also a former exchange student (went to Germany, too) and I also have worked later for an organisation that does exchange programs
Latvia is an independent democratic republic
To me, American culture feels quite different, but still often very familiar.
Maybe you have a virtual num pad on your notebooks keyboard, some notebooks do.
Same Turkish deal only on larger scale and more expensive.
2 - divi
You know, a fairly low-population, low-density city by European standards.
I might be biased because I live near the Latvian border and I have Latvian blood, some guy from Vilnius or Kaunas might feel a deeper connection with Poland, I don't know.
Talking shit about the British
Hope they make more and closer to me
When Obama was first elected I was actually worried that democrat would be weak against Russia and stuff like that, but now, damn, left seems a better way forward
If you might as well ship straight to the Polish and German ports, why are there trucks taking Finnish goods through Latvia to Poland and other European countries then?
Russia always goes in circles
It's akin to saying that sausage stands are the staple of German cuisine when each have much more to offer.
The only oned i can think of At the top of my head is “Mēnesis” which means both moon and month, And “bise” which is  supposed to mean shotgun, but I’ve heard people use it to mean rifle
If you drive too fast in Malta, you can fly off of the island
60EU difference which could easily be explained by Lithuania's huge shadow economy.
Wales is part of the UK tho
We had literally the same shit about Norway making the rounds about 3 or 4 years ago
But is it like semi-legal arrest of someone who perhaps does not like Lukashenko's government or do they e.g. take random persons from streets to woods for no reason connected to being police/regime other than it giving them more ability to do so
Really don't know much about Latvia - Estonia relations, but I'd put it like three cousins ​​that gets in touch when in need.
Not uncommon to, for example, see a pro-Russian Polack who speaks Belarussian in Lithuania or some other bizarre mix.
Ton of Latvian, 3 German, 2 Austrian, 1 each Lithuanian, Belgian, Irish, Finnish, Dutch.
Baltic (Latvia, Lithuania & Kaliningrad Oblast)
KFC is the last fast food joint I'll go
The reason they didn't place Latvia in northern S.
Is sad stori
You still should get supplements even if you get enough sun all year long
They say that one day in land not so far a way all the councils shall come together and form a glourious Union of Councils that would eventually make whole humanity live happily ever after represented in councils, but that's a story for another year.
Since when is Latvia 110
It's such a backwards way of charging for public transport
Who knew
as if Russians didnt arm Serbs too
I hope he does this because the majority of the city he's meant to represent agrees with this and not jsut cause he feels like it
A student's exam results, and which universities they applied to, is their private information so cannot be posted due to privacy laws.
Why there is Latvian Polandball in thumbnail?
So there's actual evidence that piracy negatively affects sales
yea try again mate , not even close
*Edit:* Apparantly the newest info from experts is that it wasn't a gas explosion, which is very curious
Germany/HRE
She has compared Latvia to Nazi Germany in international press in an attempt to gain support
And the Estonian space program
In the same year, in peaceful Latvia (population: 2 million), terrorism did not kill anybody.
Latvia is a historically ethnically homogeneous territory.
My contribution: Prime Minster of Latvia [Krišjānis Kariņš] cycling to work everyday
Probably get our food and go the living room to play video games with Lithuania, Estonia and anyone else who'd join us
Definitely not
Went out for a smoke barefeet and wearing a T-shirt last night.
Politically, well, I dislike tax havens that essentially survive and thrive on the basis of fucking over the rest of us economically, but, they don't seem to be going anywhere
EU paying others to save them from "refugees".
We try to help our physically disabled citizens even if it's a net loss to economic productivity - from a utilitarian perspective, it might be more useful to pull a Soviet and just essentially keep them locked up.
I hate public transport
Is there no light in Latvia or are you people still using camera phones from 2005?
Most people choose androids because of the specs and the price too
Warm: 25-30C
Even if not sad from their mouths - being their young days - you can feel the anger and the pain.
Actually not really, Northern Latvia&Estonia is in 'medium danger' zone.
Latvia — some weird mix between the two
My point from my original comment is that the Poles should remember their history when they were refugees and migrants and therefore be a little more compassionate and willing to help refugees and migrants today.
And easy to accomplish
Basically every time a road crosses a border, since most of the border line is marked by a ditch
Its just a walled town
Little, but has and depends on personality :) Some people do depend on the feedback and perception of others, so, if such person use more gestures and and other non-verbal things speaking another language, they  may receive another feedback and start reflect on themselves differently
Thirdly, I don't really understand what are you laughing at, being almost exactly the same: in Lithuanian it's "Ričardas Gyras", in Latvian "Ričards Gīrs".
Sorry if I sound snappy though, that's not my intention - but I should mention that Sweden/Switzerland do get mixed up fairly often.
In the streets or other random places, just approach a younger person and they will most likely be able to at least hold a simple conversation.
And potatoes feature in many cuisines, they have become one of the major staple foods in the World, nothing particular about them here like, say, with Ireland and their famine
If USA is out of equation - France and Germany will not risk civil war in their own land over Greek-Turkish conflict.
Plus - as I said - they can only go so far with us.
hi neighbor
TL; DR: Lots and lots of commieblocks
meanwhile most of Russian cities look like shit
That's such a nice culture sharing thing.
Yeah, and make Latvia pay for it!
virtually a millennium of shared history with Latvians
What could possibly go wrong
I don’t think the OP was particularly talking about only in the street
Latvia used to have extreme anti-German sentiment in the interwar period, due to the extreme damage caused by Germans invading, but after WW2 and the Soviet occupation, Latvians for the most part just kind of guided our anti-German sentiment towards the Russians, so now Latvia has quite a bit of anti-Russia sentiment
Idaho would be to the west of where Latvia is placed.
Finally, not a culture shock per se, because this wouldn't be common in the EU either, just a very sweet moment in general - when I first arrived in Orlando, the Uber driver picking me up was this kinda old-ish Latino man who spent the whole 30 min drive to my Airbnb just completely jamming out to Mozart
Meanwhile in Riga, Latvia
Highway here in Latvia is some road with 90 km/h limit
There are quite a few profiles on him in western media, all of them agree on that even if they disagree with Russia's actions.
Life is better here for me - less uncertainty.
I don't want to replace it with water :(
As for pre-13th century, we learn about tools and life in the bronze age, the territories of the tribes and then we go to christianization, IIRC.
0 people
He really puts the Aryan in yoga
They are included in the menu deals.
Russia: The most threatening, but I doubt that they'll do anything to us, because we're in NATO
Causes unemployment, wage depression and social tension?
The European ones have normal sugar, not HFCS
Generally the same as anyone responding here - "its for lazy people or grannies".
r/blessedimages
Latvia is similar in how the pagan traditions are still maintained.
See [community rules & guidelines](/r/Europe/wiki/community_rules).
(Slight gap in corruption level)
I think European Union finally started to pay attention to this issue
But Latvia can
Thousands
we have to learn basically every sport in school pe but we don't have to learn rugby
My grandma is very nostalgic but she is also not a very bright person, the Soviet era taught her how to survive without anything and how to preserve the food you've got
The same hasn't been the case with Latvia and Lithuania, who have lost people mostly to the UK and Ireland, which are too far to comfortably return once in a while.
Business lunches are pretty popular, especially in central Riga, and that's normally some cheap Latvian dish for like €3 a portion or something
But, of course, you can't expect that small, flat country will have as large dialectal variety as large or mountainous one.
Or at least that was the case some years ago before he blocked me, haven't really followed since.
The same for eggs
I'm rather sure you're the one that doesn't understand - this is a clear cut legal issue that most other countries agree with, but it might be difficult to understand for an avarage person who never has heard about it: illegal actions don't create legal comsequences and forcing state join another state against the will of its people is illegal, therefore legaly these countries were not part of Soviet Union and still are the same countries as prior to WWII, not successor states of Soviet Union as countries that were established after Soviet Union collapsed, each case creates different real life consequences, it's not a case of someone being offended or not wanting to talk about history, it's about using correct terminology, so that there are no misunderstandings about our legal status
I'm from Latvia
I think the Baltic states being lumped in with Central Europe, but because they aren’t very similar to Northern or Eastern Europe, can’t you just call them North Eastern Europe
It was its cultural and economic strength.
I also moved into a new flat recently
Which one
> since this is the original false flag that gave them the casus belli
* Roberts Ēķis was instrumental in [the repression of "kulaks in Siberia]
Le Pen is the only not-in-power politician that scares me more than Trump.
The sovereignty of the Latvian state belongs to the Latvian nation
American TV fast food commercials make it sure that almost every minority is included there.
The impression I get is that there's been a lot of undercutting northern Europe by, say, Estonians working for less than Finns, Poles working for less than Dutch, and Lithuanians working for less than Brits and Irish.
So what do you think you're avoiding, what is that the opposite option creates?
Yeah and there's no border between Estonia and Latvia so it's easy
It's a byproduct of both Soviet era ''blatisms'' - where you scratched someones back, and they scratched yours, and an influx of Western capitalism (money)-based corruption.
3 other European states (Finland, France and Netherlands), and I've returned back to Latvia anyways.
It is not a red scare when the threat is real.
Was looking whether someone had already posted this
STOP BEING FRIENDS WITH LATVIA and
Not much, but  the old town is really something
Lastname
I'm not Serbian, but can relate as my mother language is Russian
I know what that is, but again, they kind of had a special situation going on there that allowed them to be in that possiton to begin with
A little tip: Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are in alphabetic order from top to bottom.
Nowhere in the world does any great depth of history in high school
Right wing
You're meant to buy a card somewhere in the city, top it up, and scan it when you enter the bus
Because I'm from Latvia with a Russian ancestry and Russian name.
They believe all whites are the same and have no culture so we need to embrace the diversity from Muslim countries that have completely alien culture and behavior that will never fit in any civilized country without Islam going trough bunch of reforms over hundreds of years.
And most of "polish groceries" here are called "local groceries".
man what a language trip that is
AT4 can't do a shit frontally against Russian tanks.
Also carrying and gifting postcards really help.
Not long ago I heard story from my Latvian compatriot that old lady called him fascist because he didn't respond to her in Russian.
Love you, Iceland
well there was no Soviet union yet also
If Russia suffers 100x more, then Russia will have nothing else to loose.
Besides its not always monarch names.
that we have in the states, and yet were accepted into the EU without fully converging politically.
Jānis Čakste (first president of Latvia)
From someone using the language correctly, it would be!
Thank you
I would personally be more than willing to pay a higher income tax if it went into the healthcare system.
I think Latvia has the 4th fastest internet speed in the world.Baltics did something right.INTERNET
Even for a small personal project, you never know when it could grow into something more that you share on GitHub
Bidet showers
- Miervaldis (The Peace-Ruler)
Who are the cute guys in Turkey and Latvia?
Would be a major plot twist if you won though.
Just Ukraine being Ukraine
Latvian SSR
[Valka/Valga] on the Latvian/Estonian border
palikti = to leave (in LT)
Yet it shows so many French people agree with LePen, or are at least willing to ignore her whoring out to the Russians, in order to quench their bloodlust for a government pushback against Islamism.
Excellent examples of a lack of consistency.
Riga (Latvian capital) also belonged to Hansa trade league and was important trade port in the region (ruled pretty much by Germans if I am not wrong)
You can have anything that is legal in the first place.
For others it could be a specialization college or an Institute / University after which you'd be proposed with a job position sometimes even in another part of USSR
This is definitely where I got my English skills from
The book has been translated into several different languages and published in most former Soviet block countries
It seems the country has been heavily influenced by Christian sects
If somebody says hi to you, you assume they know you somehow and then spend the rest of the day thinking, who they were
> but also the Baltic states
According to this
but in 90s, after denationalization, some dishonest new owners left historic building that were in bad'ish shape to rot, and people to move out, to then be labeled as condemned and demolished, since the land was more expensive...
Hong Kong was only given away in 1999
It was more of an ethnic cleansing the other way around.
Latvia also kind of messes with your nerves with their road quality.
barely, a bit in december and exactly one night this month (and it melted in less than a day)
Saule is sun, which is female, and Mēness is the moon, which is male
If anything, that’s a Swedish thing
I'm not familiar with any other names, besides /u/CreepyOctopus.
Funny, because while the max speed is 110, we have no roads to have it
Estonia Lithuania did the same I. Different dates
In terms of History and wars and stuff, Latvians have much better ties to Estonians than they do with with their proper ethnic brothers Lithuanians down south.
You don't get to pick and choose what viewpoints you agree on, if you cast your vote for him, you're tacitly approving all his views.
This is already the case - I notice that, if I travel to Southern Europe, then the people who do speak English use a somewhat simpler form of it.
In Latvia, those are not common, but one opened in Riga around 20 years ago, and it was quite good, but disappeared after a few years.
I mean yes there was Arājs commando who where like what 200 guys in 2,5 mil country, but thats about it.
"Pretpulksteņrādītājvirziens" (counter-clockwise), "Šaursliežu dzelzceļš" (narrow gauge railroad) or "šis žagaru saišķis nav mans žagaru saišķis ( this bundle of twigs is not my bundle of twigs), but even the latter is quite the challange for native speakers
Oh look, Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania came in bottom 3 and Russia won.
If they wouldn't have forced communism on us we would be as rich as Western Europe.
Which part of that is supposed to sound appealing
Nono, you got it wrong, everyone knows Latvia have no potato.
lol, this is about right
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is local crime.
It's almost the same as minimal net wage :D
Baisically the law here is that you are citizen, if you or your ancestor were citizen before Soviet occupation (i.e.
It can get worse, much worse, Gulf Stream is heating the UK and the rest of the Northern Europe up.
The people I mentioned in the post above mostly come from this group, along with other Bolshevik sympathizers and others simply running from the law and finding solace in a new place
Those words are not the same
What about Philippos Andreou of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderberg-Glücksburg Prince of Greece and Denmark
Do you guys call Estonia lil sister or something
I dunno about Lithuanian, but in Latvian there's no grammar rule permitting two vv's.
Every Latvian has a different opinion on that, depending on how well they understand Latgalian, which would definitely complicate matter in moving the capital there
"Man pie dirsas" - By my ass
Are we independent now
And when I was in Croatia Plitvice lakes a lot of tourists where feeding the ducks and fish(a lot of signs indicate that it's forbidden) by throwing bread in crystal clear lakes
I just cannot get over how strange it is to listen to Lithuanian.
Any invasion or "insurgency" will be met with overwhelming hostility.
Why do Finns calls Lietuua just like in Latvia expect we call Lietuva
Could be familiar to some Catalonians as well
More like
Yeah, you absolutely do, as well as Russian car insurance (at least a few years back it was needed), and also add a couple of hours for the border crossing.
They just didn't make nearly enough of them, so the standard was scrapped and they went to the old shitty ones
QWERTY
Yes, the "surrendering French" stereotype may or may not be funny, but it could not be more wrong.
Liberal democracy
But if you don't like it, of course, that's also fine
Can we all just use kelvin, Dalton and other unknown mesurment units
It was popular no matter your or anybody else's opinion :D
But a serious comparison to Hitler is not warranted now.
Some people also drive north to buy snus from Sweden or take a boat there.
Used to some 10 years ago, but I don't think we do anymore
I only see the welsh flag on Rugby days
Moldova,
Is there any mingling between young ethnic Russians and young ethnic Latvians, or do they keep to themselves?
varvast viskama - "to throw a toe", meaning "to leave";
Yeah because countries like Estonia,Lithuania and Latvia were such a powerhouse at that time that Russia couldn't even touch them.
Yes that’s true, but for me Brexit is “only” about membership of the EU
In a year i will probably think of forgiving them
Fluently
Do I have any perception of the Dutch tolerance model (doesn't influence me - not my problem)?
It's also better for transportation
In Latvia when a teen is squatting on a huge tower and falls down they count it as a suicide.
(To be honest, in my opinion, the post-Larsson books are, too, Spider's Web especially, like some shitty Tom Clancy fanfiction set in Sweden
It's been around
It's popular in Latvia, top 3 winter sport for sure.
I’m bad at being a Latvian: I can’t sing, I don’t tend to the cemetery, my room is not laid out according to *āderes* but I do believe that *caurvējš* can get you sick
So - HA, WE WIN at this irrelevant and silly competition
Which if you think about it the cars aren't the same, the regulation,preference for car and emission standards are different
You're right, we should just ban all vices that I don't like, that worked out so well every time it's happened before
Yeah, the part that doesn't border russia.
There was a good thread about this here recently.
and Finland < Funland
Also means nothing
Wages in GBP nominal, I assume?
So since I'm too old to have had both subjects, what is it like now?
Prostitution is legal
Baltics have had variation of about ten places in this index for last ten years and Lithuania is doing worse this year than previous year.
Sweden
The women in the photo for example is[ Larisa Borisovna Serguhina]Сергухина,_Лариса_Борисовна) she is a director of couple of big companies in Novgorod.
In Latvian "ass" means sharp or spicy
If your vote is "should we be independent", or "should we join/leave the EU", or "should we abolish the monarchy", or something like that, those are binary choices that are inevitably going to leave many people unhappy if the vote is close.
Also there are plans for another one in Kaliningrad.
From my experience from talking with women in several countries in Europe (Portugal, Spain, Latvia, UK, Bulgaria) there are two views.
''Baltic states'' and ''Baltic people'' has become more of a political term, than a actual ethnic one......Latvians and Estonians are ''Balts'' in a sense that they have been together in their mayor historical events and usually try to achieve the same goal (after World war 1, it was a common goal to fight of Russian communists and German mercenaries who wanted to rule here, after World war 2 it was a common goal to brake free from the Soviets and join Western side).
But they have a right to bring their children up in Lithuania speaking only Russian and not Lithuanian, right
What I found helpfull in terms of immersion was Runescape and the option to examine every object in the game for explanation on what it is
Probably this shit will die down quickly, but, boy, will it be used and abused in all kinds of propaganda.
This
I decided to try again last year and I can't
Sometimes I feel like I would be much more fit somewhere else
Poetically it's Kangars (a poetic synonym in Latvian language for "traitor"), a fictional character from a national epic, a pagan holy man who sold out to the christian crusaders to replace old gods with christianity.
But I do, I can't get myself to day Czechia at all
That kind of people, which would go into it regardless of the political situation in the country, and would loudly express their support for the dominant political force
My name is Pedro and me and my family will be going for a small trip at mid July.
Then learn idk what there's lots of other grammar rules
I think that things we accept from other countries trough media are similar enough to our own cultures and it's not American-specific, people might as well consume British, German or whatever media and news about other foreign countries, giving them some interest and opinon about thouse countries.
I still dont see how its Europe's fault.
Even if they overthrow Putin - whatever replaces him will still think that we are Nazis and Crimea will not be returned to Ukraine
Please, don't curse it
Did Latvia take your potato again?
Isn't the Center Party Estonia's Russian party?
So saying ''just be like Finland'' is naive, most simply even have such a choice
Either way, even the lesser ones are still pretty damn good.
A simple bike (as in bicycle) that I haven't quite gotten into the habit of using.
I heard recently Latvia or Lithuania was first, US second in laundering Russian money.
I mean, it's only got Belarus being a visa-requiring douche country in the way otherwise it'd be only a little bit longer a drive than Poland
Russia still uses T-72 as their main battle tank.....so Abrams is more than good enough
You are not a smart person, are you?
And fantasy books written by Russian authors are so good
Not a film, but a tv show
To be honest, I don't think it's even legal to be naked in public
As well as having an actual say in what's going on, and the knowledge that you chose to enter the agreement without a foreign army knocking on your front door
I was getting rather insulted until I saw Papal States
Technological factors will prevent dropping gas or other fosilie fuels from providing the district heating needs
I suppose [Lāčplēsis] slayer) is the national epic that every one knows  and has to read it and is important to Latvian culture
QWERTY & ЙЦУКЕН
And if it's none of these four major teams, then Iceland.
Marriage is not about equal rights.
You cant just burst into countries and intervene in shit.
Yes, I will make one for Slovenia
Put it as plain Latvian and Estonian?
Ich will in der Zukunft in Deutschland leben
EU issued passports work of make sense only when EU is more federalised
I've heard a lot of people saying he wishes all Russians should be killed, my grandpa said it often.
Some people fall under influence of drugs, others fall under influence of religion...
Didn't Turkish prime minister confirmed that letter expressed apology?
Almost no one denies climat change
May I suggest [this one] as well?
It flows into the sea next to a city called "Jūrmala" - seaside
And recognising Soviet occupation and giving back Abrene will also be political suicides
I think it's your subjective opinions talk again...
Peter's church] and the third is Southern tower of [Z-towers](
Nothing really
Most young people are at least conversational in English, many are quite fluent, but the older someone is, the less likely they are to speak English, people aged 40 and over are likely to have very basic or no English.
A Latvian that doesn’t eat rye bread
[This is ash brown.] I am not obsessed or anything, it's just weird that every nationality gets their people and we get Kazakh.
The government isn't controlling the economy, isn't "concentrating wealth" in Riga, only government institutions.
wow you guys have draft, too
I do get the hate Russians receive
A quick search shows that the current limit is -20C for younger students and -25C for older ones.
Sources:
Oh - people go full retard on the first snowfall in Latvia like they do here?
Okay what kind of shitposting is this now
Called nacionalnost in Russian, but it's not nationality.
look at battle of Debalseva, plenty of Russian T-72's were visible there.
Just to provide more information, Latvian corps still do that, while Estonian corps don't.
So some kind of time requirement would be needed - don't forget also that every country's political discourse happens in the national language.
>Saving them from war
How many terror attacks there have been in the post communist European Union?
It's not 'everything that's important' NATO is a common defence pact.
That's a good attitude
they never received any money and eventually forced us to be their children instead
It's terrible thoo ;-;
Could use a bike but i'd get run over, and if i didnt someone would steal it
Yes, Hatari were amazing and that is exactly how I started learning more about Iceland and it became my favorite country
Eswatini
**Italian mob would like to know your location**
It might have something to do with discussions about civil partnerships in past few years and general unpopularity of marrige, which is part of reason why we are having these discussions, say, a respondent might think that all people need this new partnership thing, but marriages would be something left to church and therefore say they don't support same-sex marriage even though they're not particularly homophobic
Also Scots
Simple cut welfare for immigrants.
The differences are gargantuan.
The school but the kids probably learn stuff from friends before that
We happen to inhabit a vital coastline
yet Putin live like a Tsar
Isnt it used for months
Some of the weird Swedish pizzas aren't at all bad, but they definitely are wrong.
Making things space worthy is extremely valuable
I think a caricature of the perception is something like: Poor, socially conservative, corrupt.
Honestly, with how crap my uni experience was, and how crap most of my friends uni experience has been, I'm not even mad at Latvia being behind Lithuania and Estonia
I'm tired of Estonians getting all the benefits of a rich, friendly neighbor.
I remember - that Cinema was in Sony Center Berlin
An entire generation lost like that is a fucking mess
I assume they perceive Ukrainians to be in a sort of war of independence against Russia
Not very often, dark skinned Muslims seem to shop in shoping centres in my area, though
They put another dictator in power in 2000 and he's been running the country ever since
European Las Vegas ? Fuck no
So, we all get on and stick together and have fun with it I suppose
In Latvia a bag of chips used to cost
Holy shit, I remember these
* 14 June (in mourning) — In memory of victims of communist genocide
Our names for Latvia and Lithuania confuse me all the time.
You're insane if you think being a 'petty auxillary' is better than joining the fanatics who slaughter people
Yeah, its like an hour by train from Eindhoven and has quite the character.
Being in the Baltics, this would definitely remind me of the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact.
The goverment is at least vocally opposing this Nuclear power plant and pushes EU to not buy energy from it.
Almost everyone has one here in Finland, how common is it for you?
I always thought that the service in Latvia is also mandatory.
That should not come as a surprise.
Thieves are regular criminals, so the process with them is the same as with any other criminal - arrest, charges, trial, conviction, sentence, if it all goes all the way.
* [Krišjānis Barons]
Why are we required to care about Africa?
I can barely work from home now
In countries like Armenia, Georgia and Kazakhstan English is gaining ground fast, of course, but it mostly means that younger generation is getting more proficient in three languages rather than two.
No, if they apply for asylum in Germany and get relocated to Latvia 'because there's space'
I doubt that Denmark pays unemployment benefits to people in prisons, or to convicted felons who are yet to be caught.
In a way, the ones who didn't have children the last 5-6 years may now be having them as the country finds itself in a period of relative prosperity.
There are also lots of traditional folklore beliefs about that bread, it's definitely an important element of the culture.
We have the state police doing all the serious stuff everywhere + road traffic policing; and then in the cities there's municipal police taking care of drunks, minor hooligans, parking, stuff like that
"Full independence" was restored for all three only after the August coup.
Absolutely necessary
They have their own language/dialect, most even more of the population is Russian than in Riga, and basically their own music, arts, cultural scene as well
It’s literally pig fat - not the good bits, just the fat which is supposed to be slow cooked away - served cold on rye bread
From where you are
No that isn't Latvian accent, video sounds Slavic to me
I wanted to buy a lock to lock it but it took too long to arrive and the next year they got rid of them
On 9th of May Russia and several other post-soviet states celebrate Victory day, which was heavily popularized in USSR by Breznem (I think), thus the reason for sudden surge of Soviet military posts
if it weren't for the signs you literally wouldn't even notice that you've entered a different country
I am pro-American, but the Iraq War was a disaster on most counts.
In Latvia, it's Latgale (Lettigallia), mostly because russians are in majority there
r/vexilologycirclejerk
Guyana
Well, all my grandparents are dead and I don't have any uncles/aunts/cousins/siblings, so family gathering is whenever I visit my mom, I guess
Unlike Estonia, where a pro-Russian party is likely to gain power in the coming weeks, Latvia has locked its equivalent party out of government, despite it regularly topping the polls.
I was searching for this comment lol
They put another dictator in power in 2000 and he's been running the country ever since
ez kid, fat dub
Yeah
We have the first two as well
Fuck it, Chelyabinsk for new capital
Yet still I was looked upon because I'm Russian.
It would be the holy grail of Europe's energy question;
As hateful, disgraceful and plain stupid as it seems, is there any chance that the photo caught him in an awkward, unintentional moment and/or angle
I speak little Russian and now this makes so much sense
A translator who has lived in Germany since the 1990s has revealed that Muslim migrants believe “Germany should be Islamised”
we don't have mountains but on trails we just smile awkwardly and nod
We're in the pot with the Netherlands, fuck yeaaa
There are no EU tech companies, there are German, Swedish, Swiss, French etc.
There power outages are a rare thing
Estonia, though, is very cold both climaticaly and socially
We have a bridge in the capital Riga called "Deglava tilts" it was deemed unsafe for loads over 30 tonnes, so they decided to rebuild it, along with a new road for pedestrians
I mean it probably works if one's ultimate goal is to prepare the kids to be resilient when their land is ravaged by one side or another every generation or so; it's mightily depressing if you want to have well-adjusted people in the peacetime
>With the exception of recently released blockbusters, **there is no evidence to support the idea that online copyright infringement displaces sales
>So you never scribble down notes in a meeting
:) There are idiots mixing the names though, like they are mixing Slovakia and Slovenia or Latvia and Lithuania.
Actually, snow can snow at + degrees, since it's colder in the sky, but it will melt quickly once it reaches the ground.
thats where the world got that word, from Azimov
Yes
Really the war my country started against drunk driving was one of the better decisions that have been made.
I have never been to Lithuania, but in 2014 I had the pleasure of visiting Latvia and Estonia.
In Latvia it became huge
The former Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of Defence for Latvia!
Equality and civil rights for all
Uh, no
All the while, she is known to make regular trips to Moscow, which often includes meeting Mr
There is a deep rooted fear for the Russian state here.
Sure, there are so many regions in the World that have better living conditions than EU.
Actually, I don't know whether it's correct or not.
Did they scrap all the old buses which let the passengers out in the middle of the street
That's way off, immigration stats show it should be Poland, UK and Latvia/Lithuania.
First of all I never spoke ONLY Russian in Latvia.
OK Latvia, I thought we were brothers (*braliukas*, remember??)?
Eh, it's meme even outside the Internet - the flag was modeled after a one-line description in a Medieval chronicle that doesn't explain the colors
they are economically collapsing thanks to us and eu sanctions.
I have no respect for him whatsoever, in addition to disagreeing politically.
They're not part of the UK, but are not sovereign, and are seen as the UK's responsibility in international law.
Our Curonians morphed into Samogitians and yours into whatever people live on the Latvian part of the Baltic coastline
Yes, that's indeed, normal
every few hours this is going to be played out till they are bored of accussing russia and move on to the next thing that they can
"Sasodīts" is pretty pg, translated it means "damned". If you wanted to be more hip you'd definitely use something like "bļa" which as you might guess is just the translitered Russian "blyat". We use a lot of Russian swear words
Love them
Elīna Garanča, Brainstorm (Prāta vētra)
I think he refers to safety requirements on the roads regarding using lights in the daytime
aren't you ashamed of yourself you pig?
This is why countries exist, because we each have our own values and traditions
It's very interesting that the Nazis who hated Slavs the most like Hitler, Himmler or Goebbels looked the least "Aryan".
Dreary national literature from the 19th century national awakening and the interwar period that, without exception, is chosen to inflict on the children that a Latvian's life is one of suffering and pain, and if anything good happens to one, they'll pay for it later, with interest
With pot I ment something like [this]
* They can allready and haven't
You can also see The Sun logo, which renders the whole paper useless.
You seem to have a chip on shoulder regarding English
so a "sharp knife" is "ass nazis"
Identity is a different thing, it's always about culture, not bloodline, if people have noticably different cultures, they gave different identities, if someone grew up with different culture than their parents (or has integrated really well) they will be orecived as member of that culture even if none of their family are; the trouble people sometimes have with Americans is that they don't actually share the culture they identify with, plus it seems that in some countries it is associated with Nazi-like ideas (they had theories about people beeing Jews and therefore racialy impure, if one ancestor is Jew and such shit)
1990-91 in Latvian referred to as "barikāžu laiks" (Time of barricades) In which we waited for action Frome both the west and Soviets civilians constricted [barricades] to stop potential intervention
Was there any animosity or tension between younger ethnic Russians and younger ethnic Latvians during the Ukraine conflict?
Finland and Russia had horrible relations for most of the time Finland has existed as independent country (Soviet Moscow's view was that Finland as a state is a temporary mistake that will be fixed soon, just like the Baltic states), only reason it changed was Cold war made it risky for Soviets to keep this hostility and ''we want to destroy you, just you wait'' attitude due to fear that NATO could use that against them, so they pretended that they are on good terms
So all they could give him was the drink
Wow cool okay good night then buddy
Other times I took the Brusselseweg because I used to bike to the AH and Jumbo at Brusselsepoort, but that road is somewhat inclined when going to the city center.
> You don't need any apps when you have Lembergs and Saskaņā to tell you how great things are
I found these definitions once somewhere on Wikipedia, seem to sum up nicely both what integration is and what might occur instead of it:
How far east (and South or North) do you want to go?
Maybe refugees have bought into this whole "Estonia is nordic" thing.
* Māris is poor and can afford to eat only cabbage
Learned Swedish anthem inspired by a Volvo ad starring Zlatan, but the main motivation behind it was to get 10 in my uni class
Three whispered words every lover wants to hear
I can't remember, but only a small sum for sure.
Sorry, I didn't mean to sound condescending in my reply!
The Netherlands reduced their debt-to-GDP ratio by 1.3 percentage points between 2012 and 2015.
Thus is a really weird way to practice generational curses
Please, it's a medicine for sore throat, it's nobody's fault that you taste it out
We built a tower on top of our hill to surpass the Estonians, but the tower was later demolished because of safety risks
No, over here they're generally famous for peeing on every public landmark and monument
I probably know more than I should about American politics, and may well know more than the average American.
I looked at the weather forecast for that day and it said 24°C. Nothing special
Also means nothing
When I was dating a guy who is also Russian, quite soon I inderstood that I cannot remember basic words in Russian and it is a bit hard to communicate in my native language
It's so bs that they trow it out
i anestlī dount laik za latvijan akscent, it saunds verī vierd
Those are communists
I’m also not used to google other people
Human Development Index
Where the hell did you get 250M?
What would be in Latvia
UK flag is seen as global brand, so begins to be disassociated with the actual nation state a little no ?
at home no because we don't have any
You could get a building roughly 400 m2 in size in the very center of the town
they can, but why should they if they can buy them from Germans and not deal with the problems
The business is big, but produced part of the green energy -small
They asked what I was doing and how I liked it in Finland, and then moved on
the UK is extremely visited by other countries.
But what did come after
EHCI is good research, that /u/Argyrius links to, the WHO did a study that was comprehensive and good, but that was in 2000 so it's outdated by now.
"Pretpulksteņrādītājvirziens" (counter-clockwise), "Šaursliežu dzelzceļš" (narrow gauge railroad) or "šis žagaru saišķis nav mans žagaru saišķis ( this bundle of twigs is not my bundle of twigs), but even the latter is quite the challange for native speakers
Isn’t there a difference between Nordic and Northern
They really don't have any justification to bitch and complain here.
Jesus christ my country is red
That of the Soviet Republics was a common effort.
The territory of Latvia has been under German, Polish, Swedish and Russian rule
Goes like this mostly: " so you live in Russia
When you buy a case key in CS:GO, you are actually betting $2
I don't think that people realise how profound this is.
>Iceland
Look, when Britain taxed our tea, we got frisky
I choose to believe that in present day its all about money.
Wikipedia says Portugal has 33k in active service.
Sort of
Kaip sekasi
And Ukraine and what's going on in Donbass perfectly shows how successful he's managed to destabilise a neighbour without rolling in whole divisions of Russian tanks, he only needs to arm local ethnic Russians and send in a few unmarked special forces groups; NATO will find it difficult justifying gunning down disgruntled ethnic Russians who are also legal Estonian or Latvian citizens.
I know that Latvian rifleman battalions were instrumental for Bolshevik victory(and I'd guess the same for Estonian and Lithuanian), so you probably shouldn't just blame them for that whole communism fiasco.
And I thought it was CS:GO reference lol
The roof of the store colapsed killing 54 people
"Pūķis" is word used for both
There are terminals where you can refill them (but I'm not sure if you can buy one-time tickets in them)
Exactly the same for my husband
Is this a list of countries with common sense
We have a town called Ogre
Since then it has just gotten progressively worse, and yet even before the 2014 WC some were seriously discussing if England was a title contender.
Because USA manufactured cars don't reach the minimum level of CO2 emissions, liter of fuel per 100 km, and overall they are to clunky for everyday use
Are you sure you're a real region
[Looking at a comparison] it seems to me Russia is just slightly ahead of the UK.
If the UK pulls out of EU and EEA, and doesn't sign any comparable treaty, then Brits would require residence/work permits just like, say, Americans do now.
Not in Daugavpils, not in Rēzekne or even Ludza.
In Latvia they say that one will end up digging trenches
d some sort of PPP type of GDP
Saying the ukrainians were targeted does not exclude the targeting of other groups of people.
I think the reason is usually to dissuade the homeless, junkies and others, helping keep the toilet cleaner.
I do not think there are that many Chinese or Asians in Latvia.
I think around 100 people maybe speak it to a reasonable degree
Cause during WW2 Latvia as a country was already occupied...
Complaining that whoever’s cooking on the barbecue is doing it wrong
The three Prime Ministers of Latvia, Latvia and Estonia [...]
Unless intimidation was their reason
It's a shame, that they never get much votes
And what did the Russians learn from all that
We have this thing (but I think many do) that you don't gift knives or other sharp things, period
No matter the dates I look, I can only see them for 590$ lowest D:
I went to a school with all sorts of European languages, but I attended the French courses, and they taught us cursive as our first way of writing, I write in cursive by default, it’s actually quite hard to write in “printed-like” for me
I wish the Nazis and Soviets would have respected my country’s neutrality in WW2, historians estimate about ⅛-1/6 of Latvia’s population was lost
It's even worse than Germans liking Angela, German left wing parties have grown massively in popularity, while right wing/populists keep losing %
The UK now would be a very different place without the Thatcher years and I don’t assume 100% “better”.
This is one of the reasons why I oppose a supranational EU.
(Medium gap in corruption level)
cant wait to hear next weeks news when an incurable super bug starts making rounds
MAKE AMERICAN PROSTITUTES BEST AGAIN !!!
Lithuanian from the capital would need to spend additionally more than 8 hours in the bus (which was more before we were accepted to the Schengen area, due to the border controls on the both sides of Latvia), which isn't comfortable.
No, and if someone who speaks Croatian and Bulgarian wrote that they know Croatian, Serbian, Montenegrin, Bosnian, Bulgarian and Macedonian, I'd just find that obnoxious.
Leek-eating sheep shaggers
It's not quite obligatory, but is generally expected unless the bill specifies that there's a service charge included.
In some ways CS:GO is worse than EA games, since what you get is transferable, therefore sellable for real money
I really don't know, but I really like how Estonian sound
It cant be *that* bad
Poles in Lithuania are as much Polish as all English speaking Irish and Scots are English.
Kaldabruņa (to me this name sounds like the name of an old lady)
There one that comes to mind
Which is one of the problems with learning history in school, your are in 5th grade, learning stuff that happened 15 years ago, or whatever book you government approved most recently, but since you don't delve into politics on your free time - everything that happened after that flies above your head until you are older and take an interest
Want to say ''We Nazis is oke because 70 years ago other Nazis did it too
Regarding the refugee crisis, I think we should provide help to people who really need it, but there are too many people who are best described as economic migrants, and the whole situation has been handled badly by the authorities.
It's white bread, with butter and lots of sugar sprinkled on top
Context is needed
It doesn't state you need conscription or even a set number of troops.
Hoping not that hot bcuz my thermometer kinda on sun says 33°C but probably it's lower
That means I lucked out and went to visit the good museum :)
Kasteel really isn't on the same level as Delirium or Draak, though.
" It basically means hit your ass against the ground and is said in situations when a person doesnt want to eat or wear something
I don't eat potatoes
I asked him to drive to the Hesburger and get himself a free meal
They are somewhere in the middle.
any time now...they are gonna be here soon.
I was looking up some stuff mentioned here on Latvian Wikipedia and there was a note that some Russian historian says that at the time Red army soldiers just called all non-Russian Bolsheviks Latvians
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia sign Rail Baltica agreement
Oh, certainly, no arguing that
Living in Latvia, can confirm flags are everywhere, all the time
Dear Southern Europeans, this is how an river blocked with ice looks like
The worst part is that most people think that cynicism equals intelligence - "look at me I'm so smart I know that life is shit, ~~wubalubadubdub~~"
Indeed it seems we have completely different expectations of a justice system.
Sweden has less annual sunlight hours than Alaska does, much less continental USA
living in that pit, with only bars covering us from the elements of outside
Let's completely exclude them from the government even though the only party which ever advocates for their rights won the elections...
France was occupied by the Nazis fairly easily in the last major war France fought, but throughout history France has one of the most impressive military records.
Change local bank or just transfer your paycheck to a Revo card
thousand
Then the Nazi come establishes foreign as divisions for Latvia and Estonia and then do Nazi shit the area
The Holocaust in Latvia - our country did, for sure, suffer very badly in WW2, and maybe because of that neither our government nor society has been quite ready to talk about the Holocaust.
How the hell is it acceptable for a leader of a movement to not have an answer or solution to a problem the movement is protesting
Russian is a Slavic language, is it not
Jeans and the Christmas tree
I’m honestly curious about why they seem to think this
Who knew
Switch to electric heating will require systems that seasonally should be able to give out upwards to x10 (probably more) the nominal power consumption, specially in extra cold weather
Most still incorporate latvian-ized english terms, but some do go 100% latvian, with new terms invented by linguists and such.
That was pretty cool since I random carried actual euro coins around
* Roberts Ēķis was instrumental in [the repression of "kulaks in Siberia]
Why don't you show your fellow mates?
Because it is Latvia and last I checked we had monstrous ugly blob called Russia next door where Russian language and culture can flourish.
We don't go to New Years events draped in body armor and safety goggles.
Kode = biter (a different kind of moth)
So they created a bit of fake news just to create outrage at Russia over nothing
A court may of course strip parents of custody in certain circumstances, but children cannot be disowned.
Whatever it is, it can't be worth it
Besides why would Latvian speakers think of Ukraine as Putin's bitch anyway?
<Something, something> Russia has never started a war!
We enjoy a bit of friendly rivalry with Estonia
Well maybe you grew up lucky not seeing poverty but trust me my friend poverty is much more common than wealth here, most people i know lived very poor since im from the countryside in Zemgale
In all fairness though, the court only made the decision that the right to marry does not apply to gays because so many members of the ECHR would not apply it and the court's jurisdiction would be deemed a farce.
Road broke
Einigkeit und Recht und Freiheit
Again rather random as Estonian has like [40% Germanic word roots] and only about 5% Latvian/Baltic (+ vice versa influences).
Both sides are stupid those who think that World will end because of Trump and those who think it would have if Hillary won.
Really wholesome, until one of my drunk uncles brings up politics
Well, for what it's worth, I've lived in Riga until a couple of years ago, and never really had major safety concerns in the city or the country.
The evil green activists want your money
12 - divpadsmit
As a Latvian studying Lithuanian language I can say that the languages are really different and further than Dutch is to German
Switch to electricity as the main source of heat will require the revamp of all electrical grids, in many cases a complete replacement will be required
You can probably buy the whole town with that kind of money where I'm from
In Latvia yesterday was made the decision to close all schools, kindergartens and Universities from today
That happened to only metallurgical plant in Latvia, which lose competitiveness to Chinese steel, because our tariff on electricity contain part which are used to support green energy and that was too much
Its just what they do
Yeah, linguists probably know what constitutes as a language better than use haha
None law
Maybe it's different in some countries (Germany comes to mind)
Here in Latvia we have several funding organizations that are collecting money for people that have rare diseases or costly surgeries that families cant pay for themselves and then they reportedly cover all costs for medical treatment elsewhere or wherever necessary...
So technically we could rename this sub into Sausage fest?
To be fair, Juan Carlos sounds much better than John Charles
I think it was on 11/9
For sit-down restaurants with table service, it has become common to leave an approximately 10% tip.
My native language is Russian and I consider English to be by far the easiest language to learn out of all languages that I encountered
Fiskars mostly sells Garden tools here, though, I'd expect to buy them at construction and/or gardening supply store, not pharmacy
Or young kids
Raiskums (also others ending with "-ums" such as "Tukums", "Ķegums")
You still should get supplements even if you get enough sun all year long
Brooklyn Nine-Nine has an episode named "Captain Latvia" where one of the characters and Boyle speak Latvian for a bit, though I cannot understand most of what they are saying
Nationality is called British
Adaptation is possibly the most human thing ever
I think LMT reduces speed at some point and Bite limits to 150GB.
Most of his accounts are blocked and everyone is trying to get him to like step down from mayor but can't because he has good connections
So i guess the answer to the original question is no
How is promotion of liberal values and ideas a political activity
Genghis Khan: not well beloved by some
There is no Captain Latvia toy in real life and they talk about Latvia like it’s a dump full of people too poor to do anything
everyone recognized the joke, problem is, the joke is so played out that it is not funny in the slightest my guy
* [Peter von Biron]
If we're moving towards a federation - why not?
Or knew at least, I don't think any of them are still alive.
I love this comment
Is it weight, is it volume
Piss on the freedom monument
I would certainly prefer a better name, but I am very much in favour of the concept.
I've got russian friends (we talk in Latvian), and I know how many wonderful people are on "the other side" of the language barrier.
I just hope that as soon as he starts doing dumb shit people in US won't stay quiet and will go out and protest by millions.
In general if you use it i think most adults who don't know anything about it would consider you a junkie
We used be such giant, poop dicks after the WWW1.
I mostly use WiFi, but IIRC the one I have is certain amount for free and then you get message offering to buy more, pick diffrent plan and a small lettering option to keep using without paying anything with 8x!
No, they didn't. Pirates are pieces of shit
And they are noticeably more corrupt than the next 4 countries which are about equally corrupt with Albania and Bosnia & Herzegovina being a little more corrupt than the other 2 which are North Macedonia and Kosovo
In 1931, the Merriam-Webster dictionary adopted the word "Rube Goldberg" as an adjective defined as accomplishing something simple through complicated means.
In Courland, we do also have our own dialect, but again, still Latvian
Estonia and Latvia had a German upper class for about 700 years, while Lithuania didn't.
So what if it was a part of Ukraine before?
So what makes anyone think that after getting rid of this dictator there finally be liberal democracy in Russia and not something much worse than Putin
Most common to bring is some chocolate or baked treats that can be shared, flowers are also okay if there's a woman.
if we'd cut Bulgaria, Romania, Lithuania, Latvia and Slovakia out of the EU we'd actually have pretty much the same disparity US does..
Can the goddamn weather calm down?
Considering that a lot of our country is occupied by forests, yes
One would think anyone with basic knowledge of economic history of Europe would also understand that current diffrences were caused mainly by having different economic systems during the Cold War and that Estonia and Slovenia are doing much better economically than Albania and Belarus, plus these countries are located on opposite sides of the continent and have nothing in common besides having been comunist (and even then under different regimes)
Is Latvia really falling down to almost level of Russia?
As for foreign foods - I've seen recipes being published around this time of year for British Christmass cake
Esotericism is a relatively big thing, as is homeopathy
Latvia is the smallest colonial power in the history of the World
Latvian is the only alive language left that's similar to ours :p
That stuff with the basic calculus - derivatives, simple integrals - was no longer part of the curriculum here even 20 years ago.
I guess that is just not possible
From what I understand the sterotypically redneck states are not that high on population size, and for a nation of 300 millions it is probably just a drop in a sea.
If you wanna talk to someone just DM me
A bit hard to see it in overall context when it used to be tied to ethnical stuff all the time
The thing is that statements like that are always simmilar, but only superficially.
I'm of Lithuanian nationality, so I'm not really interested in pure-bred Latvian country at all.
In Latvian we have "pūķis", which means both kite and dragon
Anyone want to join me and my girlfriend for a game of myster room in Riga, Latvia this weekend?
I'd never really fit into Japan if I migrated, and my children wouldn't either.
Or at least they were before Trump.
We don't really finish the words we say like we would say a  word and just toss a few letters out so it sound kinda simpler
Brave people
I would not more to US permanently, because there are way too many dealbreakers and annoyances
Why are people so salty about territorial integrity, just in general btw, if Scots want to be free from the UK then they have the right, if the UK wants to leave the EU, then they have the right.
Still European
So it makes sense to go for the lowest hanging fruit.
And all that for a war we haven't even started but were called to arms because we honored our alliance with Austria.
Latvian and Lithuanian are a weird pair because they are very similar grammatically, but very different in terms of pronunciation and most vocabulary.
So the outcome of the war is still a touchy subject.
[New movie about the future of Europe, coming soon]
Balts(Lithuanians, Latvians,Prussians) in the north mostly protestant, Eastern Slavs (Ukrainians, Belarusians mostly orthodox and muslim Tartars in the East, Germans in the North-west again protestant, Poles, Mazovians hard core Catholics, Jews all over the place with their religion and culture...
Might be used as a way describing an idiot
Lesotho
First the reform then the border.
Not even the night gives respite
I understand it's a hard time for you
Often prefixed with "the terrorist group" or "the terrorist movement" and also commonly "the jihadi movement".
Anyone here from Slovenia, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Latvia or Lithuania who can tell us about their countries?
Lithuanians don't have f or h!?
Colapse of Maxima supermarket in Riga
but Ukraine will be probably (and Baltics maybe) sold, for russian support against China
But of course some stupid troll has it on Reddit too...
Right wing
Austiņas - ears(in diminutive) (headphones)
Macedonia - it's rather obvious from the context I am talking about a current country and not an ancient province.
Sweden has less annual sunlight hours than Alaska does, much less continental USA
I know my country, neighbouring countries, France and Ukraine, and kind of remember Finland and Poland
Some European leaders like Hollande have been very lukewarm in their reactions to Trump though of course none will go that far.
Thanks for the clarification, I take my words back
You are not supozed to, It is in fact against international law.
I really don't know either
Speaking of American games, I haven't understand why they are using round bats in baseball
Yeah, together with maybe Latvia nad Kosovo, it was the weirdest one.
I expected German subtitles, but there weren't any
He could use some pants though.
But for the west its totally ok for states to leave Russia to weaken and destroy Russia but its never ok for any region to join Russia.
I thought I should perhaps translate it as was well when I saw where it was taken, but in the end Brāļukas understood it anyway.
Zemgale: do you even exist
aka Philip Mountbatten-Windsor
For example, for Latvia the kisses are only for good friends and never male on male.
For females - "ija" or "īte"
Not only Scandinavian, Baltic and Belarus forests are absent, but also there are not forests in the mountains of Carpats, Balkans and Caucasus
Well living in a small country it's completely different.
Well, as a result of WW2, our nation got destroyed and annexed by the Soviet Union (basically Russia), they fucked up the economy, in 2 mass deportations sent over 57 thousand people from Latvia to gulags in the middle of nowhere, and during the 50 years of occupation heavily russified the area.
They can think of whatever rationalization they want but we're still talking about a country where one of the most popular proverbs is "бьет, значит, любит" - "beats therefore loves," as in, if he beats his wife/girlfriend, it means he loves her (if he didn't care about her, he wouldn't bother trying to discipline her.)
If you want to learn Latvian, the first step would be to forget every language you've ever known
Isn’t it hi-purr-bowley
Gorbachev in his time it seems
I'm more disturbed by lady in her finest years wearing leather trousers then by price.
Also an argument could be made that some ragtag militia form backwater bumblefuck would not even dare to attack if some determination to resist had been demonstrated
Saule
India under the Brittish empire really did flour-ish.
She can call literally everybody a "kid". I wonder what her reddit username would be
The biggest problem I see with the Russian businessman is the corruption he seeps in through him - I've only got anecdotal evidence, but I have heard no single ''fair'' business story from my acquaintances who've dealt with the Eastern countries.
Is it because that area is a very complicated area inherently, or is there some complicated side to Latvia's relationship with that area?
The polls were conducted in 2014.
It is amazing how 1 person is destroying more than half a century long relationships between countries
[Curd snacks] ([inside] are extremely popular in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
they are portrayed as ''heroes'' here, but as victims who for more than 50 years were judged guilty of things they had no influence over
Those who are under 20 went to school after Russian was no longer obligatory.
In the United States at least, Latvians are second by income, Russians third, Lithuanians fifth out of entire US's melting pot of nationalities.
If you decide to fight for it, that's going directly against Russia and their soldiers.
We don't really have the "th" sound, so depending on the word, s/z/d is the closest approximation
We still remember the Swedes fondly, compared to the Germans, Poles, and Russians
However, 1) the police officer might not be a law scholar and is overstepping his bounds or 2) is letting him off easy and not charging him for something else
Easily Aivars Lembergs, mayor of the city of Ventspils.
>citizens, who works in Italy
But none of the slavic words for Christmas are even vaguely winter related, while Latvian word has no Christian connotations?
I made that a little too confusing, basically the most corrupt countries in Europe go like this:
But so far so good
As soon as Latvian is one of official Russian Federation languages.
Estonia and Latvia
I keep my wingers crossed for a happy ending, hopefully the CEO will find a job with a horsecock up his ass.
A real eye-opener on how to tell if TripAdvisor reviews are accurate or not
Not only do I know of it, it has a cult film status among many of my friends and acquaintances
Average day in Denmark
All of the (US) Americans I've met
It's the company's property and it's up to you to use their services.
A lot of people I know who would have been religious are instead into some weird esoteric stuff or a choose-your-own-adventure style of exploration into Eastern stuff, or some other random crap, like they're "not religious but spiritual," etc
The interwar Republic of Latvia had a government in exile and the current republic is considered a direct continuation of the prewar state
Russia has massive influence over energy and transport sectors in Latvia and I believe that is the case for other ex-Soviet countries.
Unfortunately, results for Jan-Feb 2017 are 200 births down on Jan-Feb 2016.
I don't know the language as it's not an official one, but I live in Latgale
This man gets it, he is reasonable
It's still a meme here
On funny level we say that there's soap, when there's a big trouble and call situations and things that are hard to comprehend, and sometimes troubling, butter
is a bucket
By your metrics [Nigeria] is a better economy than any of those three countries, nonexistent external debt, services only 54% of economy, export is 200% of import :\^)
We'll probably soon be near the top in Europe per capita
If you allow your population to shoot fireworks freely some idiots will always use them irresponsibly,
theres not actually a lot of blondes here
To me it's kinda like we have 3 national teams
I don't see how it's an issue with capitalism
Latgale, Kurzeme and Zemgale
Warm 20-25
And why would you need so many different sounds for the same letters
There are a lot Russian speakers, that refuse to speak any other language.
Such massive infrastructure objects take a long time, especially if it requires cooperation between multiple countries and I'd be seriously surprised if it were built before 2030.
Yeah, 3kW would have me running into the limit almost daily.
Being gay is only alright here if you live in a closet.
yet Putin live like a Tsar
) versions
GTA knew - that is how prophecies are made
Yes we spell it exactly as it sounds
So the wind turbines and solar panels may be a bit misleading
Some 12,000 former red riflemen returned to Latvia post-war, on the promise of amnesty (upheld 100%), while many others didn't share their optimism (they were branded as traitors by the riflemen in Latvia) and elected to stay in Russia, using the contacts they made during the war and rising through the ranks
Trikāta
Spanish adults are drunk at home not in the street
To prevent Russian from being picked as the first language.
I love the American name Harper, but I know that if I'd name my kid like that she'd be called Herpes at school
Estonia - *cough* Igaunija *cough*
All of the occupied countries would be way, way better off without the sickness that the rabid communist dictators brought onto this world
Honestly, I'm still not completely sure
Hell yeah, federation all the way
Wait, what are you guys protesting now?
I do visit my friends and family and make some dentist appointments there once a year
Just look at the fucking history.
Zero interest in visiting Las Vegas or Dubai (although I have been to visit friends who live in Dubai, staying at their home)
The third oldest in the whole world, actually
Thank you, bralukas, I feel better.
What does "studying in Denmark" mean?
I would understand Finland, and the Baltic nations with that stereotype but not England
Russia and the Baltic states go back way before Russia and Crimea...
It was like living on planned economics and common being over personal, if you're from a city or a town you were born most likely in maternity unit, went to nearest childrengarden, then in school, in USSR 2nd graders would be organized into Octobrist organization, from like fifth you'd be taken to Pioneers Youth organization with some ideological rituals, about 8th-10th grade you'd be proposed to enter Komsomol organization, which had specific requirements for your morals and deeds
The anti-EU elderly then most commonly said that the EU is a threat to Latvian farmers, a good showcase for the general attitude of the elderly - they're quite concerned about farmers, even the city-dwellers, and think the agricultural sector is the most important.
Ass=sharp
To give that name today would mean the child would be teased at school
Vāvere
Let's be honest, no military intervention against USA is possible.
And when I was in Croatia Plitvice lakes a lot of tourists where feeding the ducks and fish(a lot of signs indicate that it's forbidden) by throwing bread in crystal clear lakes
Krūtsgals - chest end (nipple)
Western Europe had totalitarianism too (although IIRC not Sweden)
48 hours in Riga, Latvia [Repost from /r/Latvia]
In Latgale in eastern Latvia some people speak [Latgalian] which is close enough to Latvian that some people say it's a dialect.
Just to note that several Eastern European countries are within the Eurozone - Estonia, Latvia, & Lithuania.
You do realize how simple it is to acquire Latvian and Estonian citizen to ethnic Russians that live inside the country, knowing basic official language and history of respected countries, and you're good to go.
>all 3
Džon mejd iz vej tu a tāvern frū da dork fārest, onlī tu faind aut det hī forgāt da mānij
They're everywhere here
I remember it being extremely Latvia-centric in the 5th and 6th grade, then a lot of European history with less Latvian, and then starting over in high school.
Trying to briefly explain the differences between Latvian and Russian speakers politically, here are approximately the main areas where there are disagreements:
Paskat means look in Latvian, but apparently shit in Finnish
You brought all the boring ones
Aside from San Marino, they're all mega expensive as destinations to visit, and not really worth the money - as someone who's visited every country in Europe
>Saving them from war
It's Rīga with a [diacritic mark] not [some stupid heart] that clearly represents a dot and therefore makes it [literally cyrillic]
Maybe unless the person has no fridge and eats the eggs straight away
Yes, but it wasn't them marching across the border.
Germany--Tyskland
Stranger : where are you from
Is anyone seriously doubting the US would balk at Article 5?
Think about the ratio of those who voted for and against Russian as an official national language in the 2012 referendum - 25% for and 75% against.
Which would have been very bad.
UK and Ireland are part of the continent of Europe (but maybe not continental Europe, if you see what I mean)
Can someone send another EU money train?
They are just low quality photos, not intentionally pixelated, as you can tell by the fact that his face is clearly identifiable.
Is making fools of ourselves to be called ''Nordic'' worth losing our unique identity over?
There's Ogre, Ape and Madona
we had more snow in november than december and january combined
Ethnicity is taken very seriously by many people, and it is strongly tied to language and culture, and the very idea of nationality.
Each person can chop 1 tree for free
WHAT
In its beginning the Declaration establishes several historical facts and on the basis of these facts concludes that the Republic of Latvia de jure is a sovereign country.
And then the Empire struck back.
Is it worse
That's just one of the reasons why a total switch to electricity, when compare to the circulating insulated hot water systems, has huge technological challenges, and why some form of burning fuel will always be desired
The older people probably don't even know  system since it came here  rather recantly from english language
We negotiated an opt out and had no say in the quota proposals(which won't work).
I have seen very little, it did not grab me.
We were told that in Norwegian all letters are pronounced
*In early September it came, a war unknown to the world
Eventually, you just get used to it, and when you go to other countries, you realise how nice it is to not have to bother with exchanging currency
Because of the Latvian grammar rules his Russian Orthodox surname (which already bears resemblance to Greek Orthodox names) was latvianized with the -s in a way that many people assumed he was Greek.
A girl looks like a 2/10 to me and guys go like "Uhh look at that, wife material"
Its the forest roughly between Aizkraukle, Valle and Sproģi. And the surrounding forests around that one are also quite large and empty, well when it comes to Humans or human build structures, there are plenty of Wolves and Lynx in that area
They risked their lives during barricades alongside with ethnic Latvians
Felt like Catalonia more than France or Spain.
Or cleaning the table with my hand and not a cloth will also mean I will have no money
It's really bad as it means we are dying out .
Classifications that put the Baltics in Eastern Europe:
I doubt it's written down in any regulations, more like if you are polite towards the police officer, they're likely to let you off with a warning, in part maybe that it's more of a hassle writing up a ~~foreigner~~ fellow EU citizen for something trivial
If you're an EU citizen, you have great access to education in Europe, and your primarily difficulty is going to be language.
Well by almost every metric Russia is the most corrupt country in Europe, and then after that it's pretty much Ukraine, Moldova
Ahh right, try to ethnically cleanse whole regions of people they didn't like
Could be worse: you could be Latvia, who lost to the Faroes.
This overblown idea that one day we'll send 'em all to camps or whatever the fuck your propaganda media is burning into your brains is not only stupid, it's dangerous.
Maybe unless the person has no fridge and eats the eggs straight away
Plus most of the fighting in which Latvian state was involved in and the main opponents of its independence was not actually ''Russians'', but instead it was German forces.
#!ctype=l&strail=false&bcs=d&nselm=h&met_y=ny_gdp_pcap_kd_zg&scale_y=lin&ind_y=false&rdim=region&idim=country:LVA:BLR:RUS:LTU&ifdim=region&hl=en_US&dl=en&ind=false there is no big difference even counting billions of EU aid
Example ka iet
Well, we're currently marking the centenary of [Christmas battles]
There's no difference between the USSR and Nazi Germany
This makes sense for a small country like Latvia - with a population of 2 million, there's certainly no need to split the country into provinces that have a different tax code or education standards or labor law.
Looks correct to me
Russian i dunno why but its really hard and i keep messing it up with latvian language rules
There are some Latvian people (and maybe Lithuanian) who say that Moscow is ours because some extinct Eastern Baltic tribes conquered it from the local Slavs
I wish it wouldn't be this hot
The names u/FRAX1001 mentioned are of German origin (except 'Jurjāns')
[Map] which points out Latvia is a hub for Russian organised crime into Europe
Came here to write exactly this
It's way cheaper than electricity and for now also than low temperature district heating, which is achieved with wasted heat and heat pumps, which comes with its own challanges
nice try Anakin Skywalker
[TV tower] according to Wikipedia article linked it's also tallest in EU.
Every time I visit Daugavpils I feel like I'm in Irkutsk or Chelyabinsk, not in Latvia
I don't know where that screenshot is from in your second link but even if (especially if) it's from some official source, it says that a sticker alone isn't enough to charge with petty hooliganism
We have this thing (but I think many do) that you don't gift knives or other sharp things, period
lol I live here in Latvia, and I have been to Turkey myself too
His/UKIP Brexit campaigning was misleading to such an extent that it had to be intentional.
I didn't even mentioned Latvia, m8
We introduced the euro a year earlier
We have four traditional regions but those are largely for cultural, statistical and traditional purposes.
I hiked along the entire Latvian-Estonian border line a couple of years ago (~350 km) and within that border alone there were plenty of tiny "international" bridges in all shapes and conditions
Dubbed versions are a last-resort thing for me, only for stuff that I want to watch but cannot find subs in any language I understand.
So Ukrainian massacre of Poles is separate to the issue of Latvians being conscripted into German army.
Although I try not to consciously make those assumptions in the absence of any indicators.
Also those muslims don't want to go to Eastern Europe.
To me, somebody talking about their ancestry in fractions, like they're 1/8th Polish or whatever, is really fucking creepy - it really reminds me of [Nazi racial charts] pretty much the main foundation of Nazi racism was that race was extremely important, and that a person's race can be exactly determined and measured through their ancestry.
Last time it ended up in extremely impoverished and degraded country...
My Lithuanian friend told me that most of the Polish in Lithuania are just Polonized Lithuanians.
Is there a version without captions
And that's basically the main advantage and disadvantage in the same time
Perspective has changed, hasn't it?
"the oldest alliance in the world"
What are the principal shortcomings of the famas vs such a more or less "traditional" rifle as the HK?
Though I will say this doesn't look like the most efficient way of cutting wood considering the energy consumption.
Then learn grammatical cases and other stuff
We have a ton of shared history both with Estonians and Lithuanians, especially in the past 100 years, and we love them both very much
I guess the closest thing would be the so called "landguards" where you do and help with all kinds of army stuff except, from what I understand, you still count as a civilian and you don't have to be 18 years of age to get accepted, also ofc you don't get paid I think
But there is a bigger population of people who believe in superstition
I know old people like that
Nouns have six declension classes, three for masculine nouns, three for feminine nouns
It could spark there *even without Russian interference* to some degree and until, you know, Russia does take the risk and supports the rebels.
Baisically we share a lot of our history, but speak different languages.
Clearly tree's are the main tread.
But it is unlikely if one gets a refferendum and it fails.
A lot more of them East than West
If you think that living in a country where certain ethnicities are systematically exterminated is not that bad as long as it's not your ethnicity, then I don't really have much to discuss with you.
Wast majority of the people arguing here are not nazis, yet the salt, swears and downvotes are just bonkers
I finally did learn in my early thirties, but I pretty much never use it anyway
In such a small but still sparsely populated country, I don't really see how strong local governments could make much sense and not need too many people to be remotely effective.
For exaple, an ethnic Russian can be a Latvian citizen, or an ethnic Latvian can be a German citizen.
In fact, I'm entirely boycotting them (alongside a bunch of other companies for their pro-Beijing bullshit)
Memorial is a deeply political organisation and continues to work.
They did the pedestrian part in 2 years, TWO YEARS
There was a news story about this and at the and no one really knew why this number is so high and where it comes from
Yea  sorry about that wrote that on my phone, thanks
Building walls and fences does not work.
They're our lovely overachieving cousins.
Same for Latvia and the prices are lower too.
Poland was involved in fighting in Eastern Latvia, because it was close to their border back then, not sure about Lithuania, probably the same
Territory is the same as Ireland, but more than twice as less in population
( Like a garbage business )
Also, 1/3 of our population lives in Riga
No you cant and that is by Russian design.
Austroungārijas impērija
Hesburger is good
And the economy here is steadily improving since 2008, aided greatly by foreign investment.
Zapte means jam (the preserve), špannungs - electricity, šlāgeris - old people music
Lies, Latvia and Estonia don't have any too.
Knowing how crazy pizza gets in France, Sweden and even Italy, we have very traditional pizza with nothing special added and no dipping sauces
It seems thats something a lot of people seem to not understand
How dare I expect sense of duty, courage and integrity from soldiers
If prevention of repeat offences are the whole point of punishment, why do criminal law has harsher punishments for rape or murder then theft?
So if Russia captures Latvia tomorrow, Latvians become "native to Russian Federation"?
Very low key, very friendly people.
(It's pretty common to wear slippers indoors, though, but well, those are strictly indoor footwear and are usually very comfy)
Everything in one palce
May the next 100 years be much better than the first ones
I had to fill a questionnare before my exchange where I had to state everything about me like hobbies, school and medical stuff, so my host family would know something about me and the host family had to do the same, people from the organization went to their home to check whether they actually can host exchange students, so I was sure that everything will be alright
My morning coffee usually helps me relieve any blockade I'm facing
Although judging by the other replies to your post, it might be a personal preference thing
We have a brand of baby diapers called "Pamper" and by thid point a lot of people don't even know that pamperi is not the actual word for diapers
This is neat, I looked on one of the largest news sites, there's a recent article about EU critisizing Russian propoganda and a ton of comments with one theme, one of them even wrote in English:
You had very rich upbringing and had great time, while i had strict, but in the end much better family than our previous one
Maybe it would be good to write off Greek debt for future growth and prosperity, but its not some kind of moral imperative.
Though I don't have any statistical data.
I think to actually to that job you have to be a sociopath
There is no road, only suffering
Oh my how wrong that memer was
1 - viens
And I also know that Estonians and Latvians will agree with me
Does a Frenchman understand the deeply rooted national trauma which came from Russian occupations?
- Maigonis (The Delicate-One)
Mao: Mildly inconvenient
Bidet showers
This is why Denuvo and other DRM solutions are used
Dude, at this point Reddit is just lost if you want moderate discussion, don't bother.
After some time I was hiking in my country along beautiful river in our national park Gauja, sent them some photos and they still asked me WHY YOU DIDN'T TAKE PHOTOS WITH MOUNTAINS
French puppet in Mali asks for French help.
Then it was only cursive
That saif organizations too have leaders that in turn need to keep their supporters loyal and would inevitably have to to turn to yet further organizations
Sour and green ones
Kinder surprise eggs
I've been there once maybe
Not in our lifetime, but it will and should happen at some point in the future.
The more wealthy are far more likely to have a higher education.
Many people genuinely seem not to understand we are completely different cultures with different historical expieriences other than communism, I even seen some Western media and politicians use Eastern Europe when they talk about few or even just one country, I'm guessing they probably hear very little about these countries besides some problem issues, so those get blown out of proportion and becomes associated to Eastern Europe in their minds even when it's something that happens everywhere or on the contrary in much smaller region.
Having moved to another country, it's very rare for me to encounter somebody who speaks my language.
27 euro
They and other xi dick sucking corporations are clear remainders that rich people doesn't give a fuck about regimes as long as they are good
* [Jānis Pliekšāns ''Rainis'']
Vaira Vike Freiberga was born in Canada, I reckon, but Raimonds Vejonis was born in Russia
Or a dog
If it's dark as the original tale then yes
Are you seriously saying that the USSR didn't invade and invade where they weren't invited?
You know, I don't remember it that vividly but I can still relate even if it wasn't that specific spot
Im assuming now that you're all like that right ??
Latvia apparently has an American Football federation, the first team appearing in 2010, and the first junior team in 2015.
Exactly the same here
It's better
I don't mind them using a loophole if there is one
honestly for me (Latvian) the favourite city for me would be Pļaviņas cause it just has such a lovely atmosphere
100€ Diesel fuel for a car full tank
You still haven't started the official process and are still part of EU, though
Your country has annexed the territory of your neibghoors and supported armed militants in number of them.
There is a military police but it only handles matters internal to the military
And most of the stuff she hoards is old Soviet junk nobody will ever use again - old, but never used sheets (that once used to be white, but now are yellowish), old plates, glasses and God knows what else are in those cupboards, that has not seen the daylight in more than a decade
Funny, I have the exact same argument but with summer time and how the extra light in the evenings would be beneficial for people coming from work
That doesn't exclude the possibility that the apartment had their own portable gas cylinder
I think it's because protestantism introduced much more religous freedom and questioning of religion, which is also why it quickly branched out into various sub-types.
Just wanted to mention the same here haha
We learnt cursive and then moved to the UK and no one could read my handwriting because they cnt read cursive
Also, we take a LOT of influence from other languages (swedish, finnish, german, russian), so sometimes we can understand sort of what they're talking about, especially Lithuanians, because we have a very similar language in general
I have always thought it is crappy metaphor.
The guy is exactly what you'd expect from the profile pic too.
I have to admit to becoming a terribly horrible insanely poorly badly sucking trench digger as I have unsurprisingly little strength in my arms for someone who works at the computer and
Thank you for the info
But it's still just as wrong as stealing
we're at most two or three years away from another devastating crisis
Certainly not cousins and uncles.
Most other places can hope for low-temperature district heating at best by using a hybrid of heat pumps and solar arrays, with some electric and fossil backup
Hi, me [they] call John, [I am] glad to-get-familiar
And if not that, it's just more comfortable without shoes
That was pretty cool since I random carried actual euro coins around
Swedes do brew pretty strong coffee, but it's the same in some other countries.
It was the same ideological system, while being Octobrist I was chosen as a head of our "star" (group of 5 kids, allusion to 5-pointed soviet red star - I tell you it was just like a sect from your day 1) and my duty was to organize our group to collect, store and pass money for the starving kids in African countries
Well I don't know why for many it's viewed as cheap
When you buy a case key in CS:GO, you are actually betting $2
Investigation is ongoing
Green energy is more expensive, so production plants, which are using much electricity or heat will loose competitiveness to other countries, which is no so green
[Here are the rules in Latvian] but only some key laws have translations available into other languages.
Also I think you misspelled Russia as Germany
A promise of "workers freed from chains" resonated quite well
If current gov plans work out, we'll soon be going to Latvia and Poland for our needs.
* Jānis is rich and eats only steaks
I don't want my country to once against drop 20 years in progress because of stupid reasons, I want us to prosper and catch up to the North and West.
Same for the Dutch language, usually called holandiešu.
The things I have seen cyclists do (high speed corner cutting without knowing what is behind the corner; having no concept of what the specific traffic sign means while being completely sure they are in the right; driving in the opposite direction of the traffic etc
I have never read any of the "Fall of Numeror" books nor have managed to watch any of the movies to the end
Farming in a field with a German baron yelling at me
By the way of digression, you need to be able to convince the immigration officers that you'll leave within 90 days when you first arrive.
In Latvia it's legal, and our national airline [allow Bitcoin payments] when booking flights.
I swear in the future there will be a comedy series about Brexit and it's aftermath
For most of the time seems people have very little knowledge about us and depictions mostly miss.
The situation with American police does seem somewhat crazy from here (in terms of them being trigger-happy and in terms of extremely low requirements to join the police) but I have no idea how the Dallas and Louisiana killings can be termed "popular resistance".
The second main contender i can think of is a forest which as far as I know isn't named, so I will just explain its location
I enjoy living in Sweden a lot, but I can of course come up with some potential reasons not to live here, although most of these are actually good things for me.
Why sacrifice relations with Russia for small countries such as Estonia and Latvia?
Its pretty much breeding grounds for extremism exports.
Those are new cars, and electric cars last less and replacing the battery is quite expensive and in older ones even impossible
A rule for many years : When you see "Ainaži" don't sip your coffee
No, if Poles and Czechs get to be Central Europe, we get to be Northern Europe.
In Latvia, a large part of our politics has been about the ethnic division among Latvians and Russophones in the country.
Edit 2: I might be wrong – after reading the Wikipedia article more closely (my Swedish skills are rather basic), I see that the company is older than it appeared at first glance
On the other hand, American policy failures in the 20s were not too unlike Europe's.
We're really boring in this regard.
In the Middle ages, lefthand vs righthand had the same connotations as homosexuality now.
Without their help Latvian independence war could've ended disastrous for Latvians
Only to the point where sovereign state identity still exists.
But on govermental and higher-education level sometimes I feel like Russian is non-existent
They sing mostly in Latvian but have songs in English and Lithuanian as well, would recommend to anyone interested in folk rock/metal
This is how cheap cigarettes are brought to Europe
But I don't have conversations about kites often, so it might be just me
There was some Russian newspaper back a few months ago claiming COVID was developed by the EU in Latvia in order to kill off the ageing population of Italy, or something like that
Yes, they should be respectful to the country they have emigrated to.
This is why Denuvo and other DRM solutions are used
I would get Russians not wanting to change the Kaliningrad to Konigsberg since it kinda underlines that it is not Russian land, but what is the reasoning to not give Russian cities back their Russian names?
I've been on this Earth for far less time than you, but I'm sure that you will make the right choice
Nope, either you sign it off before you receive it or you get a paper saying that you have to go to the post office to pick it up
Latvia has many Russian speaking non-citizens, so the result is not a surprise - non-citizens cannot vote.
If they googled me, then I would expect them to not tell that to me
And i knoe you are 100% bullshitting if you say you dont know anyone that is poor
I heard that advertising towards kids was illegal in Sweden and Finland
Am I a joke to you
This is quite unrealistic, the UK has too much resistance to anything like that.
Baltic languages, especially Lithuanian, are supposedly some of the most archaic IE languages, retaining the most proto-indo-european features, and in both Latvian and Lithuanian the Sun is feminine and the Moon masculine
Latvians choice is understandable, I wont judge you guys for it.
In Latvia we've been using the Euro for just 2 years, but it feels like an eternity, after maybe 3-6 months everybody was used to it.
Check out youtube, a guy called ''Caspian Report''.
I wonder who made this and if they had any agenda behind it.
I guess now she is leader of the free world.
Circus performance of the day
It would be political suicide
I can't tell you _when_ the situation will stabilise, but it _will_ for sure in the coming decades.
Yes, that's indeed, normal
Nonetheless people are people, not economic automatons, so social and factual influence (NGOs, scientists, celebrities, etc
Niva still popular out in rural areas
Tbh, looks like followers might be botted/fake too.
You'll be very solvent in little jars on Hanz's shelf over there.
You can apparently extend it, but then the burden is on you to prove extraordinary circumstances.
Yes and
It's a safety thing these days, so one more excuse for that
Really looking to get a unique cultural experience as well as see beautiful and unique landscapes.
Latvians see the USSR as a time of suffering loss and repression because we were occupied by it, but many Russians want it back because they want to regain the power and glory they once had as a country
As long as you won't take UK and USA mantle of who can trumph who(no pun intended ), and do something stupid, like a Le Pen, we will be fine, hopefully
Коробейники is, from what I understand, much less known as the song's name.
But I don’t think we use poppies to do that
Yup, the first five for Latvia as well.
The rest is the same
You are still our favorite overlord.
[Not in this case] - unless we count material of humor shows a valid source (the clip is presented around 2:35, but I saw no point in linking just that part).
Feminists in Russia are either mythical or at the bottom of a lake.
Some countries corruption levels arent accurate in my opinion, for example from what I've heard I would put Bosnia and herzegovina a bit lower down maybe closer to Moldovas level, though not at that level, and my own country of Latvia I would put a bit lower at probably the high 40s instead of 56
That age group you mentioned,, it is everyone including people who have Russian as native language?
they are portrayed as ''heroes'' here, but as victims who for more than 50 years were judged guilty of things they had no influence over
It's a pure hypothetical, impossible to say one way or another.
And as much as many things are better in Western Europe (yes, working conditions are better by almost any measure), it doesn't mean the grass is so obviously greener on this side.
I come from Latvia.....so I know quite a lot about our former ''motherland'' and their practises thought history.....let's just say my view on their leadership policy, current and former, are not very positive.
Laime Pilnīga, this is my favorite one:
And also the absence of difference between Latvia and that savvy Estonia, the prettiest of all Baltic sisters.
We have nothing to do with you guys.
I always thought it was just lack of people to settle those lands.
Italians and French are natural enemies
How about I eat your waffles and smell your tulips?
It is definitely a subculture in Germany, Poland, Estonia and Latvia.
Pick and choose
It was at max in 1989, because there was high immigration from elsewhere in the Soviet Union, resulting in much higher population than ever in recorded history, when Soviet Union collapsed all these people then either returned to their homelands or emigrated for even better life in the West.
[Hi!] Straight from the [horses mouth] at that!
Honestly, I see them the same
*if i missed, included too much or over-valued something, correct me please*
Agreed
Divritenis - two wheels (bicycle)
Is the British soldier going to face a Latvian court, or is he above the law in Latvia?
> If such a word is placed on a car, and isn't otherwise promoted, for example, by shouting or otherwise expressing, such writing isn't suitable basis for sanctioning
I guess it's that time of the year again when Latvians and Estonians are Nazis and the great Red Army was the bringer-of-freedom.
We removed all USSR monuments as fast as we got our independence
Highways - 90km/h limit
I thy lord said ''let there be Wifi'', and it became so
In Latvia, it's viewed very positively and as one of the most important international involvements.
I've interacted with mostly Neo-Lithuania and RePublica.
Imagine that there probably was a family ready to celebrate new years in one of those apartments
It is a very selected group, but Eritreans are the only non-Latvia/Poland foreigners I have any experience.
I wouldn't say that it's any ugly, I really like the looks tbh, but I've heard a lot that this building is really tasteless and not at all attractive
Limiting the rights of some minority is exactly the type of "solution" that populists come up with, and I am not certain that it's impossible, under the worst circumstances.
In Latvia it’s the opposite but I grew up in UK where they do it the same as you, so I use them interchangeably without realising it, to the annoyance of everyone else
Most of Latvia's Jewish minority was killed, and today Jews with Latvian roots are a minority among the country's Jewish minority.
Zapte means jam (the preserve), špannungs - electricity, šlāgeris - old people music
It determines social groups in the country more than geography or some other concept like religion (though religion is part of the ethnicity).
A few years back, I used to vote for a Latvian Political part called "Visu Latvijai!" (All for Latvia!).
But yes, it matter sometimes
Take off the burkas and niqabs and everyone will treat you like family.
Lithuania/PL Commonwealth
That's the level of Stockholm, and that's expensive.
Well there's also [this song] it's become a bit of a meme
Where is your proof that Latvian Waffen SS **combat** divisions took part in crimes against humanity?
Soviet Union wished the same thing when Lithuania declared independence in 1990, before the collapse of former.
I am totally russophobic Latvian and I think so too.
I cant remember any, probably some explosions during WW2
The story is that one of the major chieftains was severely wounded in battle and was laid down on white cloth that was stained by his blood.
Artuss Kaimiņš - he's hipocritical and has a very high ego
Most Latvians can understand a bit of Lithuanian, but the two languages aren't mutually intelligible
For Latvia I would say that "Saule, Pērkons, Daugava" , this song is essentially our unofficial second anthem, some people prefer it to the anthem
To be fair I think the history teachers are a bit biased, they do teach us to hate Russians in a way
Not that I am against the judgement, but isn't the general principal in law such, that the punishement can't be increased in appeal?
I want to drop hope for the Ukrainians, because it's rough to hope for my country even, but it's silly to do so, honestly.
Drunk british tourists pissing on our freedom monument
It's easy for us ;) we use our tears which we get from looking at other statistics comparisons between us and you
So, now 1 year and few month later, there are 9 more holes dug out and poorly repaved.
Turkey probably
If I tell another European I'm Latvian, then there's an almost-equal chance that they will mention Tallinn, Riga or Vilnius.
I've heard that a favorite tactic is putting stuff indirectly related to defense under the defense budget.
He supports Putin's aggressive foreign policy and thinks that Crimea belongs to Russia
I haven't lived in Lithuania, harder to compare, they have similar language, however their history and religous background is different
Ha now I know where you live :D
Black balsam, I would recommend the black currant one, it's amazing
Well, we have an openly gay foreign minister.
We are closer to Finland and have a lot of Scandinavian influences.
They'd laugh in your face for suggesting we'd respect and like the Germans.
Or Iceland
Partitioning countries would be very easy if that was allowed.
You can pitch a tent almost anywhere, and the exceptions are obvious through common sense, such as you can't camp in someone's backyard.
In Latvian you basically have the ability to deminutise (make small/cute) every word
Usually is, when follow-to-followed by ratio is very close to 1:1.
No shit, yesterday I wandered on to TVNET and they had article about some guy complaining that his kid's kindergarten is throwing bread in trash along with 100+ comments arguing if it's disrespectfull or not, probably the most Latvian flame war ever.
But Latvia
depends on what exactly you mean by it
palm slap - two kids would hold out their hands palm down
But seriously what are you doing there?
the emblem in picture above belongs to a revival of pre-WWII fascist party that has like one visible member now, who, ironically, is half Russian, but of course Russians will prefer to use picture of him to represent the whole event
Can I just ask, if you're holding a remembrance day for Latvian soldiers, why are there members of Right Sector taking party in these rallies?
I've been on this Earth for far less time than you, but I'm sure that you will make the right choice
France will be probably out of defense of NATO Eastern flank effective May 2017, for example.
Equality and civil rights for all
Our military actually still uses [the desert camouflage]
r/vexilologycirclejerk
money = nauda
And - there's also the sexy Russian-Latvian accents, which I've found irresistible on women.
I'm more baffled that one of my country's representatives voted No on the directive but at the same time voted No on possible amendments
Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia -> Baltic 1, Baltic 2, Baltic 3.
The Netherlands is missing a lot of them
Even all the refugees (at one point) who were allocated here under the EU quota scheme said: "fuck it, we might be running away from war, but sure as hell we won't live in Latvia" and went away.
I think it's a specific marketing tool to ensuate feelings of youth, modernity and adherence to Western European norms.
In Zurich, keep in mind that German is the sole official language, not French.
Should an inappropriate name be selected, the custody court will vehemently argue with the parents about the consequences in the child's life
**Belgium:**
I’m honestly curious about why they seem to think this
Our countries then *regained* de facto (but not de iure, because de iure we were still independent-but-illegally-occupied by the Soviet Union) independence in 1989-1990.
I'm out
You're just karma-whoring, m8
Because Roman Empire (and even all previous neighboring civilizations) was based on Mediterranean sea trade and cultural/political/economical connections.
The general perception for a while was that Poland is a bit economically worse off than Latvia and eastern Poland was the place to go to buy cheap goods.
Okay, it matters for efficiancy, but it was argued that they don't have places where to build them
- Skaidra (The Clear-One)
Meanwhile people from here go to Norway to do the same, only relative to us.
- Spodris (The Clean-One)
geologist can have a real hard time distinguishing between 'decades' and 'tomorrow'
I think it's not only like that with Latvia
Sour and green ones
Yeah just a bunch o trees and stuff
Our Supreme Court can overturn laws, but there haven't been any particularly interesting cases.
A Cypriot is completely different from an Irishman, who is completely different from a Latvian.
if you wanna get rid of Catholics, first start with those pesky Muslims
i think less than 100 people died all in all in those Spetznaz actions there
They all sound American to me
Their numbers are too low, and historically death rates have always been higher as in any other semi-nomadic societies.
It is still possible to stumble in forests to remains of wartime equipment and in same forest to stumble on rock formation predating crusades (my ex-wife found some German and soviet helmets half buried right next to rock pile from much older times), rarer is to find money deposits
Yeah, one bastard somehow got inside my fifth floor apartment during the night and bit me
Unless Russia finds Jesus suddenly or something like that.
The world is theater and men and women are merely players
I wonder how are those two going to make the World great again?
3) would you recommend carrying actual money, or is it as common in Europe as it in the US to use debit / credit cards for eating out etc.?
You could gift us Roņu sala...
Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia (you could add Ukraine, Georgia and the 'stans I suppose) were all SSRs and they all "won" (the 'stans to a much lesser extent sadly) when the Kremlin's control over them collapsed.
I've been working in international companies all my life, and my friend groups have also been international
>Anything to do with the Baltic States during before, during and after soviet occupation
I haven't been to San Marino but I think it's fascinating historically.
I mean, you can load cars on to train cars?
It rains quite often, so that's cool
The title is wrong
So - boo to the Pole, and boo to the Russian.
ok but why tf does lithuania have higher passport power rank than any of the baltics
I've felt it during conversations
"Very very slowly"... I see what you did there
So we should exterminate every single of them and put them in a mass grave
And West Virginia is north of Virginia
* Free internet (I work for an ISP)
*looks at Russia*, nevermind
Average driving speed in morning was 10km/h.
Much love, cheers
Ignalina AES has been decommisioned since late 2009 and it was a part of an agreement to join EU, not NATO actually.
When corona just started in Latvia, he got sick but continued going to work, although he had symptoms and lied to doctors about meeting someone infected and being abroad
why not just immediately tackle the issue?
That doesn't mean it was good, or it's better in general
The Sun- Saule(language, female), Saule(mythology, goddess)
I'd say among my generation there's probably no one watching TV channels except occasional news
A castle would have a central keep of sorts
Boys from the same neighborhood usually was saving many together to buy one table for themselves
Of course, that all depends on whether the fuckers in charge can quell their infighting over pointless crap for long enough to actually receive the EU funding.
I've lived in Finland, spent my fair share of time in Estonia, there is no **major** difference between Latvia and Estonia.
UK flag says “Great Britain”, so Northern Ireland doged the bullet
The mayor of of Valka actually is quite enthusiastic about this despite the public backlash,so it's bound to continue.
There is a huge shadow economy in Ukraine, Latvia, Lithuania...
Confiscation of the car
yes, sure
In reality, it's an initiative by a private organization, it's a one-week campaign, intended mostly for awareness, and they're suggesting people call with questions on how to better promote gender equality in the workplace and discuss it, it's not a "report the behaviour" line primarily.
Russia is a federation and has given its federal subjects various amounts of autonomy depending on the subject.
Umm, I like pigeons too, but I must say you are being kinda weird.
Classifications that put the Baltics in Northern Europe:
In Latvia they [crossed the border just few days before invasion of 1940 and murdered some border guards and their family members] without any obvious reason
This is a totalitarian system that was desperate for any fighting men it could get at all costs by 1942 already
Grow your hair long and google some awesome hairstyles, burn those fake adidas sweatpants, buy some jeans, go workout.
And no matter wat you think about Red Army, USSR, Russians or whomever, I think it's hard to defend a point that the defeat of Nazis is not a worthy occasion for celebration.
We are safe, our average football match attendance is like 47 people
The other says that people get killed by Americans, we don't even know what Americans or who they killed, so we don't know why, in what circumstances and, if it was justified or not - there's nothing further to compare.
Yeah it can in places like Netherlands, Germany etc, but it can't be dealt in places like Eastern Europe, or even in 3rd world countries its worse
nobudy says Baltic SS legions were "liberators" , and only the early units were volunteer based (which why they were very small in size, they grew into whole legions only after people were being forcefully conscripted)
;) I really enjoy studying about lesser-known countries in Europe or like regions within them (like Slovenia, Bosnia, Basque Country, Belarus, Latvia, Lithuania, Montenegro) but Slovenia just captured my heart when I read about it.
Like lauzt which means break
Lithuania's relationship with Poland is ...
Honestly, I'm still not completely sure
Those words are not the same
A first name and a last name
Countries with no civil or political rights whatsoever, severe penalties (or death penalty) for apostasy, slavery, and many other problems along those lines.
>Thinking we are Russians
Those metrics have nothing to do with 'cultural closeness'.
This is fucked up
Mandatory medical checkup s. New license again from 0
Well, does she speak Latvian
So in total about 20% to healthcare.
Funny how the Trade will be focused around EU and China and the peripheries, not the country which could have easily become the leader...
well it seems we might have a far-right Russian puppet running for president in France now......how lovely
Poles made great decision to cancel.
In Latvian like in Lithuanian there is also "is".
Neutral faces that sink into nothingness, as if the soul itself relives the continuing pain of our previous generations in the deep subconsciousness.
In Latvian it’s ‘Budapešta’. The caron above the ‘s’ makes it an sh sound
The last really strong England team was in 1996.
You have to appreciate the article at least for that.
Thus, even annual increase in TFR will provide only the same or smaller number of children.
General provisions
If it is stupid, but it works it ain't stupid.
Steam and other services made stealing obsolete
In Latvia are there activist groups that will file lawsuit against the government to try to bring about change?
Yeah, I think we just stick to our own alcohol mostly.
Jēkabs Ketlers (duke of Kurzeme and Zemgale established colonies and knew Latvian)
I've been to parts of Paris where I feared my life more than I have ever feared for it in the shittiest parts of Latvia.
October and February are a bit better, but still dark.
Only thing I hated about it was those long black and white cinematics in between
It specifically says "the nation of Latvia" and has lawyers fawning over it for such an enlightened, all-inclusive thinking for 1920s, when there weren't 25% Russians living in Latvia
I do not honestly understand what you think such policies accomplish.
yeah, we love it here
I went to Orlando FL and stayed in the suburbs (not even that far out though) and the nearest public transport stop for getting to the city center was almost a 2h walk
And its not like modern day Russia has done anything to help the situation and succefuly integrete these people into Baltic societies, Russia hasnt given any funding or anything......in fact, I am pretty sure they love that there are ''non-citizens'' here because it gives Kremlin some kind of excuse to bitch and complain about the evil Fascists in Pri-Baltica.
Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania were occupied by the Soviet Union for almost 50 years.
I've had trouble speaking to Latvians in English, even if they're fluent in English, because my accent is so different
Try saying "*Visneiedomājamākais šaursliežu dzelzceļš*".
The benevolent liberal socialist society of today, as represented by both the Labour and Conservative parties, was partly shaped by Thatcher - certainly the freedoms enjoyed by individuals and private enterprises to stand on their own feet and demand more from Government, rather than simply accept their place as a cog in the wheels of the state run society, and a condescendingly patriarchal society at that
They plan to rise alcohol prices a lot.
The headline and the introduction sound like Sweden has a national hotline to report this, similar to hotlines for suicide or other major problems.
Once I'm out of my sick bed, I'll uninstall overwatch and their launcher too
happy independence day
[An actual image of a Polish villager.
From all the people in the world a Latvian surely does not know how "normal" language sounds ^^^I ^^^love ^^^to ^^^poke ^^^Latvians ^^^with ^^^a ^^^stick ^^^over ^^^the ^^^internet ^^^when ^^^I ^^^see ^^^them ^^^:)
I visited Latvia with a Latvian friend last year and loved it.
Maybe some Lithuanian redditor can tell us more
I know it's not current, and it probably doesn't count as a foreign movie about the Netherlands but it seemed somewhat international, production-wise
Nope what
I dont get it, are they Boxers or something else?
It's not crazy popular (I blame the bland kindergarten/school lunches) but it's quite common here
It's likely that, if the trends continue, in something like 50 years, there won't be much to oppress.
There are some things which protesters are ignoring
Cheers mate
In Latvia this winter we had no snow
Winter War best year of life..?
Of course it's rubbish and a similar joke could probably be made with lots of other countries and foods.
But who’s keeping score
Secondly, eating one sheep for dinner might be better then missing dinner altogether or appointing crocodile to be a new chef.
We have articles in major news outlets even upon a throwaway mention of our country
Nothing really
Yellowstone national park is cool, I just hope there are no tornadoes though
Aragon > Castille
The Freedom Monument for sure is the symbol of Latvija
If you want can do the same for Latvia I the Russian empire
Maybe France mainly has UHT milk that has no bacteria that could spoil it in it while unopen
It seems that after us Finns the next most Finnic, even more than Estonians and Latvians.
I don't have a specific reason other than it is a clear upgrade on almost all parameters, plus I really like the culture and language
Which none really knows or cares about.
Literally everything
Suggest others to do the same and join politics.
Oh, you have a picture of u/3v42069 and your girlfriend, got it
Brecon beacons were lovely, coming from a very flat place it was a tough hike up the Pen y fan, but the views were so worth it
lol
Except the youngest generation of ethnic Latvians, pretty much everyone speaks Russian, and the language is prevalent enough that even many of those who don't actively speak Russian still understand a lot of it.
I will
how stupid must you be to do such a thing
It's been about 7 hours since this happened and things are finally calm, no firefighters or medics outside and just people taking care of the rubble
How anyone can think there's any way it will be better after Brexit is baffling
The propaganda is in deliberately confusing who's victim and who's bully, so, in this case Swedish, people would start to think "hey, really, what if it's really our fault, I should vote for pro-Putin party maybe it will solve this conflict"
My point is that such videos are no case for a failed immigration policy or whatever.
Left Latvia to study in a UK college because there are more job opportunities in the UK
Decreasing your currency value decreases the price of your products out of your country and increases the prices of the things you import, both the things help the local companies.
Russian for instance has address forms ты/вы, similar to tú/usted in Spanish, and you have to do a lot of inflection on words.
How Romania has developed from 1990 to 2020
Although it saddens me to say this, but the Finnish, Estonian, Latvian and other unjustly lost territories are just not worth the downsides.
The languages are closely related but not mutually intelligible
Lietussargs - rain guard (umbrella)
This kind of important question should be taken up with the people responsible, and not on Reddit.
This explains so much
Does it count
Yup - and still thinks that Crimea belongs to Russia
They know, they changed symbols around, but then decided they liked Soviet better and to pretend nothing has changed
We don't have anything nearly like Texas - huge, hot, and empty.
So yeah, gas is here to stay, all we can do is diversify, insulate and renovate buildings, make hybrid systems
10€ A good meal in a bistro (self service) type restaurant
No - a much worse regime that started the worst war in history and murdered millions
It seems that was far more important in their decision-making than talk about some reforms in the far-off Brussels.
You're probably right then, I vaguely remember it from, I think, my Latvian teacher who's a linguist and from that neck of the woods
It's no wonder they're so influential.
> In 1933 Bukh publicly expressed his allegiance to the National Socialist cause and its aim of improving the health of the Aryan race through gymnastics
Or like a mix of the two
No, in very rare cases it is also possible to have ending that mostly is associated with feminine gender and confuse the shit out of fellow babies
would you say the same if you were in Estonia, Latvia, Finland or especially Ukraine?
Well, he at least was an active member of a political party...
I find that in the current year, learning cursive is pointless for most people
I love this distinction by Isaiah Berlin by the way, I think it's very important to understand.
**Estonia:**
Not even guilty pleasure but one of the most popular Lavian songs : Bruģis - Kaija
Can't have so much strength
5 of real money with the ability to win anywhere between ten cents and a few hundred dollars of real money
We also have an independence day and restoration of independence
They're more likely to mirror Ukraine; smuggle in weapons to arm disgruntled ethnic Russians who are Estonian or Latvian citizens and send in special forces units for support.
Russian 34%, Latgalian 8.8% and the rest Latvian and may be some smaller language minorities.
"Estonians know how to distribute their wealth around the country" from 4 hours ago.
Some words are the same but mostly i dont understand the other languages
IKEA for me is a place where I can go safely with my kids and shop at the same time, and a place where I can get everything for home without running around other 50 stores in my city
Currywurst
[Here's]#issue:/g_001_0308033653|issueType:B) one of her works in Latvian for free
For example, euro has been a complete disaster for many member states, and most Latvians didn't want it (mostly for sentimental reasons, but whatever), yet it was forced onto us.
-Estonian
Real reason why most people still use gas stoves is because gas is way cheaper than electricity
" :)
Jersika
I don't know really
I am not even considering Trump as a possibility for US President, if he does get the nomination then I would still be prepared to bet a large sum on him losing versus either possible Democratic nominee.
Yeah, everybody had a shit job, shit housing, shit food and a small amount of useless money
Stop ruining my vodka you psychopath fucks
There was a fire in a landfill in Latvia [last year] (link in latvian, at least there's a video), as it later turned out, it had some ''irregularities'' in regards to what and how much was stored there, everyone was quite panicked
Tell me exactly how those who were forcefully mobilized by Soviets forces are ''Heros'', and those who were forcefully mobilized by Nazis forces ''Evil monsters''???
umm
News, not history
Latvia is an independent democratic republic
I have one sandwich i feel guilty for liking because it's really unhealthy
Who is this person
Lithuania cannot into Nordics
The language is Latvian
I would really like to think that this is true, but I also lack such certainty.
The last attempt to sign a border treaty ended with the Estonian Parliament adding a preamble that mentioned the original border treaty, which included the Soviet-era change of the [previous] legal border.
Ours would be: TŪKSTOŠIEM GADU VAIRAS VĀRDA LAI DEG UTAINO SUŅI PĒRKONA UGUNĪM!
Everyone can have guns and take heroin
Eat out, with the locals, but look for quieter restaurants or un-crowded beach bars
I'm sure several people voted like that and overall the result of the first vote could be different
Finland, Estonia and Latvia all border Russia proper and Lithuania and Poland border the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad.
The older generations are highly against it.
The FAMAS is really an oddball.
Good thing there is no terrorism in Latvia.
Our neighbors often cross the border to buy cheaper booze
It may be hard if you try to build on what you know already, apply the logic and structures of your native language but that only makes it harder
Lithuania is on the way though, but it may still take many years for them to meet the minimum.
Yes, Lavrov is generally considered to be a great diplomat.
Latgalian
I don't like living in Latvia and would like to move to Finland
Started biking again seriously after I moved to the Netherlands, nearly 10 years later
In latvia, we have the regular qwerty keyboard, but for letters like ā, š or ļ ect
In fact a lot of countries in this region (except mine lol, Latvia) have military conscription (Finland, Estonia also since creation of their state, Sweden, Norway, Lithuania too)
They robbed all the Central and Eastern European states after WW2 as ''reparations'', took anything that was valuable back to USSR and left their ''Warsaw pact allies'' with crap
We made cake for [Estonia] [Finland] and [Lithuania] on their respective 100-year independence anniversaries
Degunradzis = Nose-horn (Rhinoceros)
Road broke
But we could literally go out now and buy a relatively good takeaway food for competitive price in 7 to 10 minutes
pro-Kremlin parties, as in Belarus) or are them (e.g.
Fridge
I think Gevalia tastes like shit.
See if there are any secondary markings on the keys that you use by pressing the Fn key.
Maybe every time i buy frozen pizza in local shop - I embrace something of Italian culture?
Unless try try getting to work in the morning.
Because I really cant pick up anything from it other than few times she said Latviešu (how do you spell Latvian?) and the last word which was "bey" and only because we have the same word.
It is one of the best connected airports in Europe, you can hop onto a metro train (departs every few minutes) and you're in central Copenhagen 15 minutes later.
Cool little Latvian town there as well (also called Sigulda), which is a great place to grab a beer or two while you wait for the bus or train back to Riga.
At my school European History and Global Studies (the history and politics of South America, Africa, and Asia) were required.
Mainly three reasons:
man what a language trip that is
and everyone else
Then there is split - who loves it and use occasionally or who dislikes it and stays with drinking
Non-German here
And hey, look, they had elected a major in the capital where percentage of ethnic Russians is 38% (percentage of ethnic Latvians is 46%)...
Zemgale: do you even exist
"the oldest alliance in the world"
Lithuania had to get a restraining order several decades ago...
Macedonia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Czechia, Georgia: Impressive!
It wasn't a seperate country at that point, so it doesn't count.
A simple Rev card costs is like 7 euro for 5 years
Also, I am not sure why you thought you need a precision to 3 decimal points there
I would gladly have an income tax that's 1.5% or even 2% more, if that went into health care.
Oh, I don't know about you, but for me, Russia's opinion has zero value anyway.
What year is this
You are welcome
A lot of schools before a few years ago taught primarily in Russian, until they passed a law declaring all schools had to be at least 50% in Latvian
it sort of does
The bridge just has that sharp center part that makes it [look like mirrored]
16 - sešpadsmit
The beatings, shouting
A little bit of Google search - apperently it's only known from reports of other persons, but it seems he went against the norms of society, questioned state authority and democracy, and was associated (but not neccesarilly acctually advocating for it himself) with people phisically abusing their elderly parents, masturbating in public and shitting on streets.
If they're annoyingly (even perhaps wilfully) ignorant or stubbornly cling to their habit, I find that it's useful to be annoyingly pedantic about it.
Since when Great Britain is called England?
It's not riot police specifically but more like a SWAT team
Chilly 0-10
But grammar I'd say is fucked, even most natives don't get everything right
Hell, even Juncker already admitted that they can't get the migrants board planes to other destinations than Germany.
Nah, didn't you know, Merkel literally sucked the life out of the Greek economy for the German manufacturing, Italy and Spain are next on the chopping block, how long until it's the UK, France?
A third\*
Latvian also sounds a bit "whinier".
That is kinda weird
It was quickly traced back to a Russian propaganda organization (no surprise there) but there are still believers holding out to this very day
Basically coming to Riga and acting like the city is a nightclub where the locals, being poorer, have no dignity.
I do not think so, although there are a few issues with the system.
Stāmeriena
We also did the sticker slapping game, but mostly used the wrappers from the ["Love is" chewing gum]
Whats where the Latvian position stands . The ''Latvian legion day'' is not a celebration day, but a day of mourning
''oppressed by the patriarchy'.
We don't need fighting value - we need to keep Putin away.
Funny how Latvia and Lithuania are on top, because cats were "imported" here just a couple hundred years ago by other Europeans.
* [American girl learned Latvian in almost a year] Starts at 1:14
I love when discussion between Estonian and Polish confirms to stereotypes :)
The first and the last, I don't get what's so interesting about them, though
aka Paris of the North;
and at least to me represents Latvian stereotypes more then Latvian one
better yet leave the planet entirely
Krišjānis Valdemārs (one of the starters and leader for the young Latvian movement (first Latvian awakening) )
Also the Termini train station, but somehow every large European city has shady people around train stations, and Rome is better than Brussels or Paris in this regard.
It make driving a chore and when you have people trying to do 140+, tailgating, rapid lane changes, etc then it's a chore and its dangerous.
So I still think it's at least a little bit disrespectful
Well I don't know why for many it's viewed as cheap
If you had shown yourself as reliable comrade you'd be proposed to enter to the Communist party
Exact same situation here, too
It comes in 1,5L plastic bottles and 0,5L glass ones.
It just shows that the state is afraid of what they have to say
But, to be honest, not something I would want to eat *every* day
The Latvian right wing party only like Russians due to their conservative values, otherwise they hate them.
If Russia tries to annex Latvia, then there are immediately two allied states - Estonia and Lithuania - from which to launch a counter-strike
I personally have never thought of Austrians as posh Germans.
As I've seen in Lithuania I saw a lot čeburekai stands
While we resent many Russians who refuse to learn Latvian, we treat them like humans and many of them are just as big patriots as we are.
I don't think they're a majority on any regional level though
On the national level, I think the Latvian democracy works fairly well, all things considered.
Many Russia border European nation ARE in both EU and NATO tho.
And there cant be incentive if by virtue of identical packaging consumers cant differentiate between good enough and good product.
Your data point of one is a sensible basis for policy.
Is it weight, is it volume
And take out money for free All over the Europe 50 times a year or something like that
In Soviet Russian school kids are telling the teacher about what their parents were doing in WW2 and all have great stories of helping the war effort.
This flat actually has an AC, which I didn't want to use because I thought it seemed useless after the cold spring we had this year
comparing today to 1989, it is better life.....that's all that matters to them
No idea because there STILL isnt one here
But long will sun-light day last on 17th of January
Not only that, but transfers that take longer need more deltaV( more relative velocity- more fuel )
Was sleeping on the streets, almost froze to death
Well of course Yugoslavia and Latvia cases are not comparable.
Czechs before WW2 were richer than like 99% non-slavs of the World.
Some years February - April were very snowy
It's something I've been wondering, what is a Luxembourgish identity like?
Please show me where race has any basis in biology and genetics.
Unless they would do it somehow peacefully they would care, because then the next country after them would be the Frontline, which would be terrible from a strategic standpoint.
And most Latvians just want to let the people celebrate what they want.
They speak a dialect that's barely intelligible and are predominately Russian Orthodox
Tesla uses CCS for Model 3 and includes a CCS adapter by default with others
Starting a company sounds pretty cool tho
What about Swedish language, do you have any other synonyms you would use besides 'bankomat'?
Kind of ironic in a sense, since Latvian and Estonian languages for example are absolutely not similar in anyway what so ever, like it's completely foreign to us and yet they are our ''brothers'' from history and all the major battles our nation has been involved in.
That's the thing though, for the eastern countries the GDP/P in capitals is roughly similar, Riga is at $40k, and Iceland being mostly concentrated around Reikjavik isn't that much richer.
We have developed internet platforms
Prosecution is a **legal** action/process.
But I guess that's the circle of life - you can't get what you love.
"Gatavs(i) vai nē, es eju meklēt!"
The only dictator in the history of independent Latvia is [Kārlis Ulmanis]ārlis_Ulmanis), first a politician and Prime Minister in a free republic, who then staged a coup in 1934 and seized all power in the country.
It woudn't be very controversial since 2 of our formers presidents were born outside Latvia
16 - sešpadsmit
Well, it's not my fault that your kocks are weird
The guy who invented jeans moved to America and invented them with the help of some American dude
Now that nobody in the civilized world recognizes Crimea as part of Russia, it would be huge if the US did, and would embolden Putin way more than I am comfortable with.
While Russia had a brief period of democracy and could have moved in any direction, Belarus was almost immediately taken over by Lukashenko, who was from the start against dissolving the USSR.
This is the first time I've heard this
Putin was in Helsinki for bilateral talks just half a year ago.
Ah but you'd have an unsolvable dilemma on your hands - enfore the Reinheitsgebot or have the best beer in the world.
A music group called "Singapūras satīns" from my country
Russians
So, today we celebrate this turning point, while the end of WWI is put in the background
The Dutch can now experience the problems Estonia & Latvia had with some 2/3 gen Russian minorities.
The same in Latvia, except that dual prices were only shown for a few months before the transition.
German, have been learning it for the 3rd year and I cant even make basic sentences, but I started learning Norwegian since summer and i seem to be able to figure out many things right now
Have you read his last tweets
To me it's kinda like we have 3 national teams
Even if a part of the immigrants don't learn the language it fucks up the society since you get a huge part which cannot communicate with others in no reasonable way.
It's not gay if the balls don't touch
Showing dubbed Estonian or Latvian tv shows would serve entertainment purpose only.
As far as media, there is going on fragmentation of information and fragmentation of society.
oh yes throw those **PEOPLE** into war zone, good job.
How much do you know about history of that region?
kebab and burgers
It was the same ideological system, while being Octobrist I was chosen as a head of our "star" (group of 5 kids, allusion to 5-pointed soviet red star - I tell you it was just like a sect from your day 1) and my duty was to organize our group to collect, store and pass money for the starving kids in African countries
Or the watermelon milk
But brexit happened regardless.
Latvian is a drunk Lithuanian, can't speak normally, mostly uses jargon and russian words.
We have disputed waters with Latvia too...
Be honest, you love it only because of cepelinai and beer.
* asshole, taking shit and other places to go and things to do
I had Norwegian lessons in Trondheim on Erasmus
The biggest difference between European countries is whether organ donation is opt-in or opt-out (USA is only opt-in across all states, I think?).
Former Nazi and Italian trisection of Slovenia?
I was going to be disappointed that Estonia has no medals but then I noticed Finland and Latvia aren't in the table either.
At one point we will find people just making unions for legal reasons alone
Somebody downvoted me, though, so apperently I was getting somewhere with this
In that house had only one apartment connected to the gas, and that apartment was on the other side of the house and the gas infrastructure doesn't seem to be damaged
You're not joining any European military without being a citizen, except the French Foreign Legion - a foreign citizen can go to France, apply for the Foreign Legion, and eventually gain French citizenship by serving in it.
I actually found that for rough measurements feet are just right
To me Sydney “felt” a lot like California (so did Vladivostok in Russia for that matter, another big Pacific city)
Very common in everyday language, but shouldn’t be used in a proffesional environment
The education would also be free for you, as I take your "I'm Scottish" to mean that you're a citizen of the UK.
Latvia is better at hockey and when Latvians and Lithuanians start to have a drinking contest, that shit can end dangerously :D
Still European
Russia - Krievija
Apperently "Keep calm and come to [my swamp]ģisks-rīts-ķemeru-nacionālais-parks-purva-laipa-930x600.jpg)" doesn't translate well
5 years younger than me to be equally pro-LGBT than Estonians of my generation.
Complicated but show how our relations are build.
So Somalia have some power to stop pirates attacking European ships I presume
We're just waiting until the sea freezes.
Don't overestimate influence of a media.
Chinese in border regions can listen to foreign radio because signals travel across borders.
Even if you are looking at Russian duchies, the ones making up current Latvia already had woman voting and right to be elected by 1905.
But I honestly identify myself as a Latvian and equally a European
House of the Blackheads - Riga, Latvia is a hidden gem in Europe!
Or just most [līvi] songs
This is something that can potentially work out very well as refugees who learn Swedish and get jobs could become permanent residents, but others wouldn't so easily.
There was a propsal of a bus service going straight from the Tallinn port to Alko1000 in Valka, Latvia.
>Nobody ever won, we got bored and stopped after a few weeks when we realised hurting each other is dumb
That’s 26 including English I think
I am also quite sure significant number of population of Estonia was also against independence.
I wouldn’t say so, they were a government composed of the German aristocratic ruling class, ruling over the Latvian and Estonian peasantry
And you have a different sense of what is blond hair.
Short distances, for example a room
To further elaborate on CS in Sweden, your main choices would probably be:
A lot of judging from this one picture
Live fast, die young
So no, UK is not even the same group
European space agency
I would be talking to my American friends and I would tell them what a word is in Latvian but right after I use the Latvian word my brain just switches to Latvian
Any of them
But it doesn't automatically mean that cheapest labour is always the main factor in hiring someone, you may also want job to be done well and such
* Item 1
naive or not thats not the point, the point is the initiative of volunteers that were ready to die for their country and let me assure you, most of them did die for Latvia, not for nazis and that is the only reason why people still remember them and honor those people.
4000 euro penalty
Our prime minister was born in US, but he is latvian iirc
It is possible, but very hard to achieve.
No, it's weird and cute at the same time, burrying shards of glass seems dangerous, though - someone might accidentally cut themselves
It's not that I never buy or use it, it's just a comparatively rare occurance.
What legal that should be illegal
I noticed that they now also have given this trwatment to ASoIaF, which doesn't even make sense for the most part - there is no way you'd think that's a book for children, which needs to be dumbed down
dont worry, Russia will make you to *want* it regardless if your previous desires.....they have a way of *convincing* people
For [the practical Latvian] no solution is too weird
Nobody suggests that you are [Baltic as in Baltic ethnicity] (Lithuanians, Latvians and Prussians) you are [Baltic as in part of the Baltic States] something like the BeNeLux, and you people always getting super defensive about it makes it feel like you think of us as some inferior sub-humans to your glorious finno-ugric master race.
Have you ever been in a supermarket in Latvia?
But I cannot think why you'd believe you'd have more in common with an unelected leader over the ocean, and why he would defend you.
Riga, but to be more specific, the Pardaugava part of the city
Latvia is a province of Spain now
where Russians or Serbs can be cast as the "bad guys" and all the old stereotypes get thrown around
(Also, yay, potato
Our neighbors often cross the border to buy cheaper booze
The only thing I could mention is that while watching it all happen from my window, firefighters came in last
World tension too low to fab :(
Also smaller countries eg Fiji
The divide between ethnic Latvians and Russians in Latvia is primarily based in WW2.
"Credit cards" is the usual term in speech but they're actually debit cards.
But the hymn-style anthem mostly sound like funeral songs, not so much like praising the country but mourning it.
yep
You can definitely buy cheaper furniture in other stores
What was the reason why Belgium separated from Netherlands?
So what ? Execute who needs to be executed, but this was good old medieval type display to satisfy the crowd
Impressive engineering, I must say.
Well, at least in Latvia - yes.
Soviet Union was never true communism, it was just at stage one - socialism.
Although it could be easily overwhelmed, and even in successful interception you will still have a nuclear explosion...
exports so "much" in comparison to Greece, only because many Czech companies are owned by Germans or function as manufacturers of some components, from which the final product is made in Germany anyway.
No age restrictions either
Can we find any fascism in Easter?
The Girocard doesn't even work in most online stores (non-German) as far as I know.
Spain, I think, offers the fastest spousal citizenship after just one year but again, that's in Spain for Spanish citizens.
Tips seem a bit odd for me
thats Serbian opinion on things
Looks a lot to me like the Riga cannal.
Bigger trigger would be if we were in Russias/Soviet colours
I was thinking of mentioning the one you call "kohuke" and we call "biezpiena sieriņš", but looks like I am late.
latvijas valsts meži has an app
Eeey ofc we do
I would be cooking if I would be outside and it is like 40°C or more and we are in countryside so cooling isn't the best, only ones that come up to mind are: we have 2 fans, I can go swimming or just cool off with that ¿thing what makes water to mist
Something my country desperately needs, a healthy look at history unclouded by nostalgia and mystified origins of the nation
Yeah, I should qualify that by saying the internationally recognized neighbours that are Spain and France, as Catalonia of course a neighbour of Andorra.
The part where you can't even be bothered to not eat Nutella, to not drink Sprite or to not eat fish sticks.
Look at how high that thing is!
Beautiful countryside with mountains, forests and rivers and 15 advertisement signs in front of it all
Really, requiring visa sponsorship (as Americans need in the EU) is NOT a small obstacle.
Mind you that the North tower actually did catch fire for a time
That is barbarism, and I think it should be called out.
Ah yes my bad
Well, we call all countries differently in out language, at least with a different pronunciation, but here are some of the most different ones that come to mind
Our prime minister was born in US, but he is latvian iirc
Nope, NZ
Fillon would have been able not only to take all the votes from the left and centre (as they would definitely not support Le Pen) but also some of the right votes who would prefer a right candidate just someone less radical.
Or how the Estonian-ubermensch cannot be labeled as a Baltic country.
More than half a millennia is a lot of time for people to change
This "Estonia and Poland and Lithuania" is a little misleading - all these countries was involved in fights on Latvian side.
It's amazing how even Turks hate him and yet sadly there's nothing you can do about it
Regarding the benefits Germany received
The former was PM of the only parliament that has been dismissed by the President, and the latter's crimes and the parliaments refusal to permit a search of his property were the reason for said dismissal
Who needs propaganda when you've got lads?
So I called my colleague who's was still at work
- Ilgonis (The One-Who-Yearns)
Even possible
No one Russian politician would return Crimea to Ukraine soon
Latvia is an independent democratic republic
Did they scrap all the old buses which let the passengers out in the middle of the street
Our flexible word order and declension/conjugation grammar leaves very little room for language based jokes, e.g. puns, homonyms, unexpected word order, etc
Opinions about this vary a lot, and some people expect assimilation more than integration.
From Latvia to Lettland, since we were called like that before WW2
Killing Jews was a necessary evil?
Navalny wants Western prosperity and Russian imperialism
I would like to hear more opinions though, since it's hard to look at your language from a non-speaker point of view
Nothing of it actually addresses the actions of your country or of others in the past twenty years.
But drinking more than one glass of red with dinner and you get funny looks
3 days later: /u/notreallytbhdesu found dead.
Everything should be at first arranged bilaterally (mainly between Germany and Poland) with those willing to contribute.
I don't understand those russians who continue living in fascist Estonia and Latvia when they can easily move to Russia and live there under genius ruling of Mr.
Isn't that mainly because of how the citizenship policy of Latvia seems to have ethnic cleansing in mind though?
Reddit: 17k upvotes for a singular retard who raized his hand
Latvia is not scared, it will fight Russia to the last Estonian (or Lithuanian).
I think it was an actual Mexican running it.
There is almost the same amount of Francophones in Belgium - 40%.
sure, but that is not what I am trying to oppose
Damn, I never knew that Germany is so rich...
Saatana
Latvia isn’t finally next to Russia, so i’d call that an upgrade
Would you feel comfortable if your child was in a relationship with ___?
You have several refueling planes, aircraft carriers, while I don't think UK or France have those, haven't payed interest about those countries military capabilities.
is latvian the most handsome or does it seem like that only because I am latvian myself
Rye bread actually is one of our national foods, we even put it in desserts.
Mine, too, and I'm not even any of the nationalities portrayed
They [have] probably its the same as with Latvian - F and H is only in loan words.
Do you guys call Estonia lil sister or something
The Karelian exiles are ones which can relate to us.
My mum's been getting by on the bike and hasn't been run over by a car yet, so that's good
[Kārlis Ulmanis]ārlis_Ulmanis) - a prominent politician who played a major role in establishing the country, established an authoritarian regime in 1930s, which had some creepy bits by modern standards, but generally was pretty civilised and most contemporaries regarded it positively even decades later, he also decided not to resist Soviets and people can't agree, if that saved us from being complitely wiped out or things would have been better, if there had been resistance
Remember there's a lot of countries that are not members...the UK, Norway, Switzerland for example.
Thats just silly - I dont have to prove my ..
Well i did see some snow but no longer than half a day
In Latvian there are two words for it : *sliedes* (track) and *dzelzs ceļš* (iron road)
Then the prime minister has the most de facto power
This is one source that I could give you, it's not perfect though, but it gives a somewhat realistic picture of how corrupt each country is
Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia were Soviet republics for more than forty.
* Jēkabs Alksnis was the [commander of the Red Army Air Forces from 1931 to 1937]
I remember my mom telling me stories of the so called "pasta-caliber" where the USSR designed factories, which could switch over to military production in a heartbeat.
Food prouduction, for a example Lithuania imports milk from Latvia, makes cheese out of it and sends it back.
Russia should stop trying to compete with the US, when they clearly don't have the money and economy to back it.
There are lots, but my favourite is:"Sit dirsu pret zemi
It really should be in Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Irish, Italian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Maltese, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Slovak, Slovene, Spanish and Swedish
And why would you need so many different sounds for the same letters
*Piedzimis tramvajā* - Born on a tram = To forget to close the door.
I’m pretty sure Latvia has about 3-4 dialects/accents
TBH they would have to give some official status to our language, so I would see no problem with staying here.
TV tower check
First thing you should learn is that Estonians (Finnics) and Latvians/Lithuanians (Balts) do not belong in same language group.
This was around 20 years ago, but our Italian tour guide told us to avoid the restaurants that were packed with Japanese and American tourists
LOL Somalia is not post WWII Germany or Japan, or even south Korea.
There are pagan traditions still observed regarding funerals or commemoration of the dead.
Despite your positive comment, most Latvians actually consider us the  least improved country of the 3 Baltic states
Being potatoe is fine
I hope they're lying for marketing's sake or that's an E.Coli outbreak waiting to happen
The moustache, too
Here I've seen only kitchen scissors (my family has them) and special ones for gardening
Saw some street artists playing drums, but drums are plastic barrels
In that case the map should be coloured differently.
And they are noticeably more corrupt than the next 4 countries which are about equally corrupt with Albania and Bosnia & Herzegovina being a little more corrupt than the other 2 which are North Macedonia and Kosovo
Arcanum anyone
Fascinating person, very mixed feelings.
- Maybe you should contact them if there is.
and don't try to force it into something it's not, it's not hard
Poland has Silesian and Kashubian, Latvia has Livonian (another Finnic language), and there are too many limes to hold onto once you see how many regional languages exist in Spain, France, and Italy.
There's Ogre, Ape and Madona
It is a miracle I still haven't caught a cold/flu.
Lots of reasons, but the main one is that I get irrationally angry just by thinking about Latvia in one union with Russia.
One matched
For crying out loud, the number of NATO troops here is what?
Lutefisk
Also I find it funny that one of our spy agencies is called Constitution Protection Bureau
Our culture and philosophy is just as nuanced and deep as any other.
I saw at least 1 guy with only his front wheels actually working.
Ukraine actually had the world's third biggest nuclear arsenal.
Eventually I outgrew that bike and for obvious reasons didn't get a new one (there wasn't really any need for me to have a bicycle anyway), so at least as a kid and teen I never learned
It's crazy
Meet the real puppet masters, lol?
Still I must say you have a very low annoyance threshold.
A bit ironic to go supporting the same people now, don't you think?
[Because it was abnormally large to begin with ]
You can buy paper ticket from driver, I believe, but I've never seen someone doing it
So the fortress is worth a visit!
Hey, that's a very similar backstory to the Latvian flag, where Lačplėšis was soaked in blood so hard after a battle that the cloth he was covered in was almost all stained except for the belt.
Only half of British food is made in the UK, according to [this chart
In Latvia there are clases with 30 people and some with 10 in the same city
I think those people who would rather fuck a doll then a prostitute probably have specific fetishes.
If you want can do the same for Latvia I the Russian empire
An American may find that slightly strange, but such looks should be interpreted as well-intentioned curiosity and not hostility.
To be fair I think the history teachers are a bit biased, they do teach us to hate Russians in a way
Practically every country in Europe has been invaded, conquered, defended, been the invader, been the 'bad guy', been the 'good guy' etc.
No, you don't, but getting an EHIC card is a breeze and should be done whenever planning on traveling around the EU as at least a minimal precaution.
It's efficient
The national symphonic orchestra is performing in a lovely but cramped 19th century building (Lielā Ģilde) in the Old Town and no government can come to an agreement where to build the new one and they've been looking for a location for at least 10 years now
Nope, unfortunately that's a norm nowadays...
Probably one of the biggest fuck ups company could do
Like Latvia but with worse red.
Money too is both the game of influencial people as well as political campaigns
I am simple latvian
what did they do to deserve that
There are of course significant differences between the US Fed and the Eurosystem, in part due to the Eurozone consisting of 19 sovereign states with their own governments, and also due to other reasons.
Divritenis - two wheels (bicycle)
I find it quite reasonable, its shameful that countries for years and years can't allocate 2% budget for military after promising to do so.
Three in the front and two in the back!
I don't even want to know how bad it is in actual large cities.
What's the point
No kurienes jūs esat
It's not really about "issues".
According to latest ratings - local soap operas
But I find it unrealistic that Vikings were pillaging and trading all over the place, but somehow had little connection to lands right at their doorstep, unless they had some good reason not to
Tech jobs in Sweden/Netherlands/Denmark for instance are available even if you only speak English, but with finance, that's far less likely.
Last month there was a [mass methanol poisoning in Irkutsk] from bath lotion.
You will still drive a new car, have iPhone in your pocket and visiting dentist without insurance won't cost you your arm and leg.
I was confused too
It feels nice hearing all your stories from times you've been in Latvia or just these thoughts
Not all of these are cities and towns per se but here it goes
-20°C. At that point it feels like your face is being stung by little tiny needles
I can't say Scandinavia or Ireland were popular at first too; as far as I remember the UK and maybe Spain were the first ones to go to, and all that multiplied especially after the accession to the EU.
What the hell is wrong with you
It's located in former East Germany
WW2 was just a heated gaming moment for Hitler
Happy independace day braliukai
I don't know the language as it's not an official one, but I live in Latgale
Puerto Rico
(Don't get mad, there are people over here that do that, too
Change local bank or just transfer your paycheck to a Revo card
Yep
''American presence in Korea averted another Korean war from braking out'' doesnt sound as appealing as their invasion of Iraq, even though it's just as or even more important .
Other than that it was common in first grades in Latvian and probably also in Music (lyrics)
Doesn’t really matter which country you are in
It's not about pride, it's about sence of belonging and safety of the familiar about traditions (even crappy ones) and continuity.
Not in terms of deaths, but in the way it was done.
I think the Baltic states being lumped in with Central Europe, but because they aren’t very similar to Northern or Eastern Europe, can’t you just call them North Eastern Europe
There's always two sides in every conflict
Please tell me what where the material benefits for UK and France from the Munich deal as opposed to what the Soviets gained from Molotov Ribentrop act
Japanese takoyaki (something like fried dumplings with octopus inside) are the best
there will be some idiots throwing stuff in the crowd
* 11 November — Lāčplēsis Day
Not to mention that in their heyday those historic districts usually had all kinds of commercial activity happening there some of it smelly and cheap.
Latvians must apologize for this shameful act and stop glorify criminal part of their history.
It is extremely rude and they had no right to do that especially when you were with guests
Dont want to be nitpicky, but this isnt a castle
Hey now
Soviet union was destroyed country, who had just lost 20 million people in the biggest war ever, who had to help countries to which Second world war was the most disastrous(Eastern Europe).
My guess is that since you have the Polish citizenship then that would automatically give you EU citizenship and thus make you an EU student.
Showing off also sometimes happens, but I don't think it's done on relevant holidays or at least it's not important enough part of the celebration to have caught my attention
Interwar period Latvia in 1934 has a coup and establishes a dictatorship
achberlin
Nope
The Polish Government is messed up
In Latvia, the public transport system relies on these people that I call the "Ticket gestapo".
In school, teachers wouldn't accept anything in printed letters, or at least shouldn't.
they dont have their own special day, but they are remembered in 18th of november, the ''independence day'' of Latvia, as well as ''Christmas battle'' events where riflemen had their biggest battle.
Going back to Brexit, don't forget that Latvian and Lithuanian emigrants had a noticeable share in the immigrant-hostile sentiment that influenced them to step out of EU.
Covid 19 - masks
Was sleeping on the streets, almost froze to death
But this is a guess, I can't be sure without some numbers.
This view is nothing to be proud of
As far as I can tell, these words have no other meaning for us
Imo, cursive is so much more faster to write
A USD/EUR peg would also subject the US to Eurozone's market shocks without really bringing any of the advantages, so I don't really see why the US would want something like that.
Not that the rest of the traffic participants are any better
Latvian "tītars" is gray in this map, but the word comes from translating "little Turk" in Latvian.
I haven't stayed for long in Estonia and Latvia, but Lithuania feels pretty post-Soviet when I've been last time there (2016-2017).
So many useless degrees, or ones that you do just to get the paper saying you did them, not because of the knowledge you gain
Oh my how wrong that memer was
Yet the Latvian Evangelical Church is part (observer, but still) of the [Porvoo Communion] where e.g.
Varka
It was quite literally the best kvass I've ever drank.
I had a tricycle and later a bicycle with a helper wheels as a kid, but I never learned how to ride it without the helper wheels
Why wouldn't the UK be able to hold its own against Russia?
lol, fake news is recent trend only in the west, we've been dealing with shit like that since 1991
Putin is a strongman, his reputation rest on the fact that he is ''macho'' and ''strong'' and ''powerful'' and that he will restore Russian glory and might in this World.
AFAIK, it was just a guideline till 2014, when it became a unified goal.
What a win
A large pit had been dug by the very wall of the manor, which the Bolsheviks hadn't yet managed to fill with their victims [..] Some other pits had been only partially filled in.
On 31 December 1600, the Queen granted a Royal Charter to "George, Earl of Cumberland, and 215 Knights, Aldermen, and Burgesses" under the name, Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading with the East Indies
The Latvian* one is funny: "Women with moustaches"...
Half of the Latvians believe it should be pronounced as Novembrees (with straight thick O), while the other half (including me :) believes it should be pronounced Nuovembrees . Basically, there's no rule for how to pronounce this word and both pronunciations are correct
It's a shitty and complicated issue.
Latvians joined Bolshevik revolution before it even happened?
diffrence between freezing and boiling points of water is 100 degrees on Celsius scale, but 180 on Fahrenheit scale), but in every day life one degree doesn't make that much difference and if you really need precision, you can divide degree by ten just like all other metric units of measurment
*Sees latvia on the list*
* 4 May — Restoration of Independence (1990)
Richer then most if not all EE countries.
cough cough because I've always found it weird how we call Estonia Igaunija
Americans are culturally highly optimistic and positive in general.
For example, French Resnais [ʁɛnɛ] becomes Renē [rene:], instead of being written as in French and pronounced as [resnɑis], which just happens to mean the fat one
I meet Latvian speakers in all sorts of places
I've lived in both Western and Eastern Europe.
Although Latvia does have its Russian minority in the east.
I had forgotten that, thanks for reminding me, seriously
Doesn't mean we seriously equate Gambia and Tobago as our lost colonies.
I'm elevating pencils, not shovels xd
It's not about denying being part of Soviet Union, it's about not legitimizing it, which has been the mainstream policy in the West ever since WWII and therefore representing the situation otherwise is historical revisionism, not the other way around
- Veldze (Refreshment)
And at Covid
She has compared Latvia to Nazi Germany in international press in an attempt to gain support
* 17 June (in mourning) — Beginning of the Soviet occupation in Latvia
That is how my friends family is in Latvia.
Finns do have this shy habit of lacking confidence - "oh, sorry, my English isn't very good" - but will then actually talk fluently.
It's simply about media perception.
I can't understand how you could do such brutality, against your own neighbors....fucking monsters
They have Baltid face type, light hair/eyes and all that.
They're planning to open up to a hundred in Germany.
Some people call it a dialect but it's a lot too different for that
well Soviets strongly tried to minimize ethnic differences between its people......they even tried to ban Latvian summer festival, because they saw it as ''nationalistic''
None of your links show that the Swastika was a popular symbol across Europe.
You can probably buy the whole town with that kind of money where I'm from
I'm very nervous when it come to public speaking and I tend to stumble over my words when I'm nervous as well
Exageration of an event, but it doesn't change th truth of the fact.
There is one latvian guy who is almost in every comment section science related, talking about flat earth
I had already seen the difference earlier when traveling, but it feels more pronounced after moving.
To be fair, Germany has been a integral part of the traditional NATO block for much, much longer than it has ever been a threat, that a adequate defence build-up should not (and probably would not) be seen as anything more than a important investment in self defence and the defence of Germanys partners (so, literally, us).
Eswatini
They can't tell Lithuanian from Latvian...
Nemtsov was different, but they killed him
And NATO action did actually end the war and put a end to all this
What kind of vehicles do they drive?
The world is theater and men and women are merely players
Valka(Valga) on the Estonian-Latvian border
What unity might I feel with a Greek?
They were loyal to the Provisional government untill October revolution, then Bolsheviks who supported [Iskolat] took over.
Pretty cool that you even know what it is XD
Why do Finns calls Lietuua just like in Latvia expect we call Lietuva
What can you do people watch MSM showing them Putin s tanks on the way all the time...
We know you exist, we just don't really care that much (but if "proper Russia" goes probing your butt, don't worry, we'll care then).
For a Latvian you *really* seem to like a nearby foreign parasite who wishes to conquer.
It rains quite often, so that's cool
In English "nationally" has a certain meaning.
Yes, this trippy Latvian cartoon was actually meant for kids
Drunk british tourists pissing on our freedom monument
I'd be happy if a Latvian holiday got world-wide renown.
The man and his relatives describe it as an unprovoked attack.
To them practicility was everything, good looking acrhitecture was for **''Western Imperialists who spend hard earned money of proletariat on worthless trinkets''**.
And also not from my country but from Iceland- Hatari
One kids hands would be over the others
At least in Scandinavia, they're definitely not calling themselves socialist.
Eh, it's meme even outside the Internet - the flag was modeled after a one-line description in a Medieval chronicle that doesn't explain the colors
The word that I somehow keep forgetting is "watermelon
I think jaywalking is prohibited in some places, if I'm not mistaken.
Motives and justification same as Serbian crime, just the numbers are different
I'm all for the 2% spending goal.
If we talk slowly and really choose our words, then we can understand some of each other's language.
If we keep this up we will make into nordic before them.
Same about the Macgyver episode set in Latvia
The streets get full of drunk and partying russians
In Latvia he might be part of the socially liberal wing of the ruling party.
If you come to Estonia or any of the Baltic states you must be willing to put aside a little bit of your multiculturalism.
We played this too, when it was only boys the penalty for missing a catch was a kick in the ass
We are the country that gives the most gifts to other people
Meanwhile in Latvia few people even remember that saying and history textbook uses it to argue that Sweden is overrated
Prague is my favorite city so far, so I have to go with Czechia as the best one.
- Koknesis (The Tree-Bringer)
It's invention / interpretation, lots of games have square table and pockets on the corners
That’s a nice looking Christmas tree
It's actually ephebophilia
I hope there is no Esperanto resurgence or anything like that, even though I'm actually quite positive towards Esperanto.
We have some political pro-Russian parties, but one of them is just meh, would never vote for them, and another one always turned out to be in opposition despite gathering the biggest amount of voice
I've never seen the show, all I've seen of it is just this [scene] in which they speak Latvian
Protestant master race
Personally I think its just what Russians call *с жиру бесится* something richer societies do just because they are rich and dont have a more pressing issues to attend to so they can indulge themselves and bask in self importance over non issues.
There are five
Jamaica
My first trip abroad was a school excursion in 5th grade to Riga, Latvia.
How could you get more manly than FUCKING ANOTHER MAN IN THE ASS?
Germany has much uglier buildings than that
When I make an online purchase with Verified by Visa, I punch in a personal code on my phone to conclude the purchase.
we too had Russian military bases here with a shit load of Russians soldiers just like Crimea, but using the disarray of recent USSR collapse and help from Balts living in USA, our politicians were able to make deals with Bill Clinton and Yeltsin that made sure Russians would leave, permanently, and would have no influence over those 3 little countries by military means
More often than not for liberals
Riga and Cēsis, Latvia [24 photos] [OC]
Let's also not forget that most countries only learn their own history as a nation state, and possibly in Europe medieval states as well
Interestingly enough, interest in these subjects is mostly prevalent in younger, decently educated and well-off people
For Latvia:
It doesn't show that yet, apparently we need to wait on the Council to vote
I was expecting that once we get to Norway and Svalbard, they'd start complaining about their Southerners
Hm, Latvians are for drug trafficking, go figure.
Only the people in the UK want to make a big polarised tribal argument out of it
* [Albert of Riga]
i have never met a person who knows how to play it
That's why even in Latvia the biggest bleeding hearts are urban professionals and office plankton.
She likes how she lives, if I was her I would be miserable
Would latvian service hire pro-russian journalists?
For example
I'll probably choose between Poland or Latvia but I'm not really sure.
Find me someone who praises the actions of Araja Kommando in this country, and I'll buy you a beer.
Nils Usakovs, the leader of [the pro-Russian] party, Concord, [..] pointed to research saying Latvia is one of the hardest hit by EU sanctions on Russia because of reduced cross-border trade and investment.
Do you consider China, or any of the Gulf states, or any other non-democratic state, to be better governed than the bulk of Western democratic nations?
What are we supposed to do in the mean time?
Antivaxx I haven't heared here but some individuals there will be always
Thank you
Yeah, I'm not quite sure either.
I didn't get into any argument - you responded to me and I told you right away I am not interested.
I got a speeding ticket in Estonia for going 56 in 50, I am still salty about it
Always easier to blame "populists" then sacred and sovereign "people".
Also unregulated, obviously
by like a pretty big chunk
We cover Latvian history in detail - medieval warlords and kings, the differences of our periods of being vassals, Christianity coming to the area and then the Reformation, and so on.
and Finland < Funland
Yeah, let's swap Russia with Canada, [everyone will finally be happy]
He also tells young people to fuck off and read a book for once
EE food > Southern European food
Here's [a local news source in English
So the entire southern Wales knew someone whose kid died in that
Basically, I don't think that this map was for aiming for that.
True independence is impossible, because it would require a national self sufficiency
Vāvere
Well there are like 150 less economically free countries than yours.
They leave right away to Germany.
As a Latvian, I get you perfectly and can feel your pain
Leadership from Kiev that doesn't want or can't speak the language of Crimea's majority?
Americans, because no one from Europe really ever  says "Europe".
not that i know of
Glad that the Irish didn't understand him as well :D
No, I don't want all the Sealandian workers coming and taking our jobs.
QWERTY
Latvia did not have a revolution though.
It's more secure as anyone can leave a house fast in case of emergency
There was actually a burger restaurant (can't remember the name but I think you have a few of them
And 3 where should you base this eu army in the Frontline to a possible enemy, or in the middle of Europe, which then would defeat the purpose of it kinda.
We don't have a pan-European secret police run from Brussels that arrests and tortures people to death in the basements of the local cheka house or sent to labour camps in Mordovia or Magadan.
Sveiki, mani sauc Jānis, priecājos iepazīties
But some people may have no idea where it is.
The list includes regular nurses, emergency care nurses and psychiatric care nurses so there's definitely a shortage of nurses.
Sounds vaguely similar in Swedish and I was sure they couldn't have said fries, because who puts fries on a pizza?
Sauna and fantastic beer party, guys!
If Portugese were indians, Iberian peninsula would still be called Iberian peninsula.
We basically substitute toes to feet
Chilling on their empty beaches feels very good.
This is the way
This 40% Russians doesn't make ethnic Latvians any more like Russians, while according to his stereotype, Bulgarians as a whole are like Russians.
Still, a guy who portrays Hannibal Lecter.
Because state language, duh
I could say that I'm fluent in English, native in Lithuanian, almost fluent in Russian, have a basic understanding of German and Swedish, and learning Latin and Latvian right now.
Europe also seemed like it would be at peace after a devastating World War, and things weren't going too bad, but mistakes were made, the economy tanked eventually.
I had a tricycle and later a bicycle with a helper wheels as a kid, but I never learned how to ride it without the helper wheels
The last big hubbub was about the introduction 5G mobile networks
Turned out Novuss, very popular game in Latvia is in fact Latvian-Estonian invention (similar games known in some other Nothern European countries though) and hardly ever heard anywhere else
You need to understand that they genuinely can be a problem, not all of them, for example, in my country many gypsies are integrated into society very well, but still there are groups that live very isolated, anti-social lifestyle - they refuse to educate their children and make living at best by unqualified labour like picking berries, begging or selling junk, but that often is supplemented by criminal activities like scaming, stealing or selling drugs.
No its not the whole purpose of punishment.
I can assure you we have many islands in lakes and rivers, although visiting them is not something I keep track of and apperently nobody has cared to count them for statistics either, all anyone has cared to count is which lake has the most islands, apperently Ežezers wins not only in Latvia, but within Baltics as well
Ignoring vital interests of your neighbours is a silly thing to do.
Local women aren't used to be treated like ladies, but they would very much like to be
If Donald and Vladimir become close, who will Russia blame for it's misfortunes.
Arrest them or gun them down if they resist, end of story.
The UN has reclassified Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania as Northern European countries instead of Eastern European
You might see someone on the street who was a Soviet era migrant.
I really hope it works out in France.
Germany is [capped] as it is anyway, but, yeah sure lesgo.
What even is American Las Vegas for
Well, I mean, when you visited us last time it didn't went very good
The number of times you can retry depends on the professor but one is the minimum.
So it's gonna be what a 5 minute day
I am Artis Pabriks MEP, the former Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of Defence for Latvia, AMA!
How long did it take for the right-hand-side cars to be phased out/rebuilt
A lot of Ukrainians moved to Latvia after Chernobyl and whatnot
1918-1040 - Independence from Russia after WW1
7649th dimension
It's a really nice looking flag.
No idea because there STILL isnt one here
Create stability and economic opportunity, and then only the ones we want (highly educated) will bother coming!
Our slave-owning founding fathers are responsible for our uniquely shitty electoral system.
That's like asking, if people learning German are all Nazi, you're confusing political leanings, which might indeed promt someone to learn language of country related to the ideology they like, to language learning in general, which is a normal everyday occurance that might happen for large number of reasons
what about that island though
So let us just abandon international law and all political reality now?
After fall of USSR, it had 2.7 million people.
Though realistically they aren't big enough to get completely lost in
In Latvia you have to go to driving school.
Just joking, Georgians probably have no Latvian products at all.
One of the smallest countries in Europe and we've also got a really old flag
If situation changes, I don't know if anybody at all would help Greece apart from some odd Serbian volunteers.
They need to be locked out of NATO and other alliances because this kind of behaviour is unacceptable
Latvian vocabulary is more modern, Lithuanian is more classical/archaic.
The Rouble was the main currency in the region for more then a year now.
They killed Ms
Though I guess some kind of decentralized "civil war" is likely in western Europe in future, considering the undergoing demographic changes there
Of course you can buy it in old-fashioned way too
What stupid games did you play when you were kids
Expected every country to be "potato", except Latvia & Ireland "no potato"
Meanwhile in Riga, Latvia
I find it highly unlikely that could have happened (and would have helped, rather than making everything even worse).
You don't quite seem to understand why it's different when it's paid by taxes.
Russian border ends when people on the other side start shooting bullets at them
yea yea, Merkel is literally Hitler, bla bla bla.....fuck off mate.
In reality, if UK had some of the really right wing parties from other European countries then they would really have something to complain about
Hmm really a hard question
If either all Latvians learn Latvian or all Latvians learn Russians then the country would benefit tremendously due to: 1) more possibilities for comfortable interaction, 2) more opportunities to create families and raise children, 3) a more united nation that's willing to tackle major problems.
I didn't even rememer Brussels was in Belgium
Bums, teens, drunks ... No private space
Actually the fact that Eastern European states are in EU, is because of US strategy and policy post cold war.
But it you look at canned meats, canned deer is twice as expensive, as good quality canned beef
In Latvia, it's the pronunciation of November (Novembris in Latvian)
I seriously doubt they 100% commit to that policy
Even tho Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth is dead for years now
The only 2 countries that we could possibly unite with is Latvia (cause related) and Myanmar
- Committee for International Cooperation in National Research in Demography
Also we have places called "kafejnīca" which is kinda somewhere that's a cafe in the daytime, and a bar in the evening
The Latvian lat was more expensive than the Euro, so everything seemed more expensive at the start, and people, including myself, were confused about the costs of a few things
I put on some 4 kilos in 2 weeks while there despite doing a lots of walking up and down the hills in merciless heat most of the time
Not only the kleptocrats are hypocrites, but also a lot of Russian people it seems.
And there is a single power that likes to mess with multiple NATO and EU members (like Canada, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Montenegro and Turkey), I'll let you guess what power I'm referring to.
As a kid I used to really respect this, however lately I've been fed up with old ladies that will take a seat on a packed bus and use the seat next to them to put their 100 grocery bags on, pester you about giving up your seat (verbally or by standing and staring at you) even though there are a ton of free seats, or those who can stand fine yet will use their age as an excuse to not give up their seat to someone younger who'd have objectively harder time standing due to obvious medical injury/condition
If you want a citizenship for your wife, your only quick option is to stay in the UK.
as they are afraid of what could come out of recognizing occupation
Hot: 27 C plus
Yes, it is the point, it's about not using terms that legitimize illegal acts, not actual history
It does of course pale in comparison to American football with its 30-minute halves consistently taking more than twice that long.
"Pūķis" is word used for both
Everyone just busy about their day, and wouldn't want anything to change.
Also worth noting that the lessons were strictly language lessons, the culture aspects were pretty much ignored.
But on the other hand, how can you expect The US to spend money and have troops die defending Latvia, when Latvia is unwilling to spend even the bare minimum 2% GDP on military to defend itself.
Love you, Iceland
But if I spoke to a native English speaker outside of Latvia, they would not be able to tell I'm Latvian
They're not going to go to war just because they get slightly offended, if they even care - it would be strange to start propaganda campaign and not expect any counterreaction.
I mean it was one of the largest and most populous countries at the time and extremely diverse.
Also i said outside europe, we in europe kinda get each other to some extent
Nobody remembers Belarus (also Latvia, Estonia, and....
Also know parts of USSR/Russian anthem due to the fact that it's so catchy
As I understand it's because Fahrenheit uses smaler increments (e.g.
It isn't even close to evening out.
It's not about being butthurt, you're just trying to find connections where there aren't any.
I am fully aware that there are people like yourself who find all of those actions positive, but there is a limit of how far into a hole you can live without noticing that other people don't share your point.
I'll be in Belgrade for super short time, what should I bring home from there?
For males:
How about they invest in us now?
to save others from wasting time here is his /r/IWantOut post
No one in this "union" will want to be seen as having a smaller dick.
Even if all european countries did their part, the relocation mechanism would still not work, since all the migrants relocated to EE or SE would just move to Germany/Sweden.
So - HA, WE WIN at this irrelevant and silly competition
25 amazing things you probably didn't know about Latvia
Underpaid but more than competent.
We have this in Latvia, it's beloved by most people but I hate it for some reason IDK why
I have never read any of the "Fall of Numeror" books nor have managed to watch any of the movies to the end
Deutschland house
Latvia is the best and the worst in Europe at the same thing :D
As long as a country can not devaluate its currency
we have it too
where
* the territory of Latvia was ravaged during WW1, people had no food, no medicine and no infrastructure
Gay rights are now pushed as some global European right, though I completely disagree with that notion, even if I support gay rights.
There are people who follow biathlon events even if latvians are not performing well.
Of course it also means that you can't change the rules to fit your cousin or whatever candidate favored for "unrelated" reasons
Church weddings are fairly common but so are purely civil ceremonies.
> These units were still ran by Nazis
We have one chain called Lido which kinda does that thing, they aren't so cheap as they used to be
Everyone in Europe Needs to Take a Deep, Calming Breath
Would much rather see something original
There's no league because there are only two teams in the country so they organize games and mini-tournaments with similar teams from nearby countries, or play against American military deployed here.
They were super friendly, and obviously we were talking in English with them
They made the typical mistake of assuming that Eastern Europe = Russian
No, an American isn't affected by those new rules.
Some Latvians were very eager participants in the killings, but this dark part of history largely gets glossed over.
Then I had to pronounce "studenter samfundet" and found out that the previous sentence was a lie
No real need for it, I prefer to go for a walk
If they are not citizens they can't and that's that way it should be.
Internet Trolling as a hybrid warfare tool: the case of Latvia
You have a "reasonable use" clause in the contract, which allows them to legally throttle the speed if they think you are "abusing" your unlimited internet but I don't know anyone who would have encountered such action.
East German communists and their friends being afraid of losing their power and privileges I presume (which of course they did)
My American friends have said that the only noticeable thing in my accent is that I force my t's and sometimes pronounce silent letters
" and most of the time we would be very happy, but sometimes this Estonian can be a Finland simp that thinks that they above us or something and don't belong to Baltic States at all
There are ukrainians that come to my country (Latvia) to earn more money in 2 months of picking berries than they would make in a year in their home country.
It looks like you live in your own little reality.
Nowadays it's TV 3 but it account only for like 9% of all viewers, and it's news, a couple of shows and stuff for kids mainly
First thing that was picked up was the point of ''how to ensure anonymity for this data so that in no humane way it was possible to breach individual privacy, while still retaining access to the big, meta data (or testing data)''.
Reminds me when an F1 driver (I think Nico Rosberg (now retired)) splashed champagne on the podium, on Vladimir Putin, and many in the racing world said the same
Putting flags next to country named : Cool
There power outages are a rare thing
Are you sure you're a real region
I mean - literal century against all odds
Most people won't go out of their way to get the best shampoo possible so we will be buying "good enough" versions unless there is incentive for retailers to sell best available variety of the product.
They're also mentioning health system, which seems to have issues, and education where schools sometimes get very insistent on parents pitching in (it's legal if it's voluntary donation, but in some cases it's made hard to refuse)
having authoritarian leader who is not wanted by the people tends to have similar results across the board
I'm guessing Iceland
There is also deterrence and retribution.
Latvian red riflemen helped Lenin keep in power, there's that for one specific country in one specific time-frame
Other things could also impact perception of sweetness like lower acid level or whatever
Same in our pagan mythology (pretty similar to Norse/Germanic) - the Sun is a major female goddess, the Moon is a somewhat lesser male deity
I've always understood that Latvian and Lithuanian are a bit more similar to each other than Finnish and Estonian.
Austria has this weird rule where a vignette purchased online can be valid only after 18 days (based on the EU rule that online purchases can be cancelled within 14 day period)
OK, just trying to keep it straight !
You and me both brother :(
Not necessary a genocide, pogroms would be sufficient, like your country already did with jews during WWII.
Whichever way you do it, someone will disagree
You answered your question in the very same comment
I know you don't have Right Sector in Latvia, if you could please read my comment again.
IKEA for me is a place where I can go safely with my kids and shop at the same time, and a place where I can get everything for home without running around other 50 stores in my city
His election chances are very slim, and even if he wins there's no chance of a million-scale deportation.
They are AFAIK ethnically Russian, Soviet-born Lithuanians (and Estonians, Latvians).
So for us in the Baltics, a straight land route to the rest of the Europe is unfortunately not possible.
As I already replied in another comment:
During the economic crisis of 2008 there was firm in Latvia that would give 1000 USD in exchange for customers souls
Interesting, in Latvia Hesburger is usually seen as the ghetto version of maccies
same for latvians
I think Quisling is used much more widely than English
It's a completely harmless but widespread cultural difference that can be seen oh so often.
Men should starve while making homes
Good question, I don't think any of them would really help the invader, most would run away like anyone else.
Will you just randomly post more replies to my comment
Estonians are free to view any other nationality as they like.
There are some other chemicals right now that are used instead, but none of them are as good as boric acid.
Our current head of state (prime minister) was born in another country (US
People there are nice tho, at least the ones I've met
The latter could be seen as going into panic mode (but still understandable, seeing how it was obviously an emotional moment), but the former was just an honest reply at the time when the fire was the biggest and they didn't know if they could even contaminate it
I think that's an illustration of my point.
Edit 2: I might be wrong – after reading the Wikipedia article more closely (my Swedish skills are rather basic), I see that the company is older than it appeared at first glance
No need to waste time beating around the bush, when you could just be direct
Lastname
I'm 19M and I had a lot of female friends and my bff is female
Not only does it have the seaside, it also has ski and wellness resorts with mineral water
So, no, most of the time it's not one man, because there probably were dozens of men with the same views supporting him, who would have more or less done the same thing, but it's also not fault of entire nation, especially not decades later when wartime generation is allready dead, because individual members of that nation can have different views than majority of their compatriots or ancestors, however a country is a [legal person] and if a previous government caused some mess it is still responsible for it.
Good thing Serbia is not in EU.
Now that's courage
Jackbooted thugs rouse you from your slumber and drag you by the scruff of the neck to the nearest polling station
I might have taken a different route, but as I recall when we crossed the border from Lithuania into Latvia a few years ago there was a remarkable difference.
If you go to sleep before dawn on the summer solstice you’ll have a year of bad luck
I think the idea is that he got his "lesson".
While "gaisa pūķis" is absolutely correct, it feels *so* weird to say it
Flag stealers because we have a very similar flag, and the time machine because yours technically was the first one.
Yes and
Cheers
It has alienated not just Latvia but pretty much everyone.
Guyana
In Latvian, it is also 99% of the time
&#x200B;
I would be nice if Poland developed defense industry and manufacturing in expense of some.
I seriously doubt they 100% commit to that policy
Or, if they actually did something, once faced with Western technology, standards and requirements, suddenly realized how useless all of their education or experience is
In Latvia 3 times: somewhere in November, then on 1st of December (we had hope that snowy winter have started) and on 2nd of January a little bit
Note Belarus's attitude towards the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and the recent defense agreement between Latvia and Belarus.
Latvia is 64,589 sq km, Lithuania 65,300.
5 of real money with the ability to win anywhere between ten cents and a few hundred dollars of real money
κάτι τρέχει στα γύφτικα
I've taken part in multiple Erasmus+ programmes and am fascinated by our individual and shared cultures, there is a lot to learn
An insane explosion happened right across the street from my house, Latvia
German does some "unique" things with grammar, but that it can be very straightforward if you try not to think about how complicated it can be
Here is the short one, it has Latvian voice-over but you can hear English in the background -
It sounds like everyone gets something nice, but Latvia gets United Baltic Duchy for birthday :(
What do you think
Davis] who is actually the person responsible for inventing jeans in the first place.
Spain, Latvia and France's placements were...
Was surprised as well
It probably is your flair that is triggering a little bit.
Latvia used to have extreme anti-German sentiment in the interwar period, due to the extreme damage caused by Germans invading, but after WW2 and the Soviet occupation, Latvians for the most part just kind of guided our anti-German sentiment towards the Russians, so now Latvia has quite a bit of anti-Russia sentiment
Just visited my wife's family in Latvia, and a few Chinese people have bought houses down the road from them - her dad refers to that part of the street as 'Chinatown'.
You don't want to contaminate food with dirty leftovers from in between the mechanism
Isn't the main problem here that he lied under oath about not having any contact with the Russians?
* Jēkabs Alksnis was the [commander of the Red Army Air Forces from 1931 to 1937]
Maybe that's why the languages split in the beginning?
Big projects are happening, but otherwise it's just a shitshow.
Don't worry, it is the same for the Latvians!
On satellite, it looks different from Estonia and Latvia but no different from surrounding oblasts.
I understand it's a hard time for you
No way, that is a trigger of all triggers for us
Spineless fuckers
First of all, what mountans
I would like my country to adopt remote work wherever reasonable
So much land, resources and military just sitting there, up for grabs
Germany - Vācija
Making a personal embargo to Poland
Well the Swiss Allseas group was already contracted to build the first part of the Turkstream in December.
that place is like a little mini Kremlin
Russia doesn't care about DNR/LNR, it cares about having a 100% certainty that Ukraine will never join NATO.
Also, at the time of the Russian empire, they were more integrated within Russia being a part of the Pskov region
"Damn, Estonia just out-depressed us both with that one
I would understand Finland, and the Baltic nations with that stereotype but not England
Kurdish is not something used for Kur/Courland, Kurdish is an Iranic language spoken by the Kurds in Turkey/Syria/Iran
The EU doesn't talk about it, because UK doesn't want to talk about it.
Sometimes, it just a habit now
I'm from Latvia and our country is super flat, no mountains at all and the highest point is 312 m above water which we also call "mountain" in out language
Only for girls through 5th to 7th grade
Habits are changing, yes
Eh, I don't know
If he is Latvian, I support him, if he is a Swede, not sure...
yes in some aspects, no in others......They use different ammunition, but the gun is the same 125mm with the same accuracy problems as the ones Iraqis were using.
Cheers
In Latvia there are also many women who believe in horoscopes
Latvians from outside Riga must be complete morons to move to Riga.
We were supposed to pay a fine of 50 euros, because we were driving 90 kph when we were supposed to drive 80
Let's begin with the military - we don't really need a particularly large one, so perhaps we can ask the US for help there, or NATO.
How about a greek jew that had 3 kids before marrying my heir?
white
We have only one true Kristaps!
Country is called UK
The streets get full of drunk and partying russians
I was travelling through Siaulia, there's a lot of them
But they sleep during the day and have 10 course meals really late at night, so they have their own problems
All of the *new* apartment complexes I've seen are very modern, adhering to principles of green living, space saving and maximum utilisation.
In the Swedish software industry, 6 months for a new grad, but probably 3 with some experience.
Actually, I've got an impression from traveling to Estonia, Latvia, and Czechia (but not from Austria) that people there have much older cars than Russians and just don't care about them being old.
> "We are not fighting against single individuals
cesu alus
His weaponized [crossbow panzer] is way more German then this.
Or a dog
I'd be fine if it was just -10 or +10 for the whole duration, but it's been nothing but
Basketball
[Saule, Pekons, Daugava - Sun, Thunder, Daugava]
A descendant of slaves brought from Angola in the 18th century is placed into the same "black" group as a descendant of Caribbean immigrants around the time of the Civil War, although they likely have very different backgrounds.
* Item 2
I saw the comment and was like, "what's so funny".
Why do you give half a shit about some stupid person mixing you up with someone else?
I sleep with my window open as low as -10 outside
On the first you trust their conclusion despite having seen nothing
All that "I am winning" whining is hilarious
It's really weird, cuz before elections they were leading un polls, but now they're smallest party supported just by 1%.
welcome global warming :D
If Russia *tries* to annex Latvia, then there are immediately two allied states - Estonia and Lithuania - from which to launch a counter-strike.
It's kind of the same with some of the older Poles.
It literally means a dragon
As you can see [here]#Map), the effects of communism are still being significantly felt over here, however there is another divide within the east between EU and non-EU countries.
Is it true, that Putin gets a lot of legit votes from seniors, who are used to seeing genseks in power for decades
One does not survive winter without clever deals.
Time to design their own Times Third Roman to increase self-reliance, Independence and stability, perhaps?
As usual media loves to take small bits and blow them out of proportion, Lavrov was simply describing the way USSR dissolved and that Russia made no attempts to force any republics to stay during the transition.
Only ones I still have trouble with are Moldova and Andorra.
The NATO designation for it is AT-16.
We'd put a kid between two matresses and walk over him, called it the massage
Ukrainians are really, **really** trying their best to get rid of any sympathy we have for them.
I do
The point was not that they don't have opinion, but that it is not represented by parties, it could be different, if people were more active, but it's not, so all voting acomplishes is that they vote for people not representing their interests, so naturally they're later disappointed and may choose not to vote next time, because they feel their vote didn't change anything
And I would guess that this is responsible for half the stories of the French being rude to tourists.
White socks, sandals, cargo pants, a backpack or fanny pack plus a baseball cap.
The difference is that Latvia remains Latvia, even if we have a large Russian minority
There are five
Sanders is the only candidate I like.
Japanese takoyaki (something like fried dumplings with octopus inside) are the best
AFAIK Latvia does not have a speed limit at 110km/h anymore.
Where I live, there's a marketplace where older immigrants from former USSR countries (Latvia, Kazakhstan etc.) work and they all communicate in Russian.
The US is the strongest nation on the face of this planet and now they have a leader that is, well frankly, reckless.
Latvia is super tolerant towards their Russian minority.
Took while to find out that ā≠ä, before that lot of lols why all those Latvians are [Jänis.]
I think its the ruling system
achberlin
90% of your coasts are a swampy mess.
[It is used, but the practice is dying out]
Literally, a single bear and we share him with Estonia
[His actual thought at the moment]
For a country with over a billion people, I'm amazed how rarely it gets mentioned here in any context.
here is a good video about this subject
It’s not something Latvians would shout about though, for obvious reasons
Anyway, I say one at my new place 2 years ago
No, this year has kinda made want to become an ecofascist unironically
Potatoes and Russians aren't everywhere you see here
Holy fuck
I heard more Maltese during 2 weeks that I spent in Malta than Irish during 4 years that I spent in Ireland
Sorry, but the very notion that Latvians or Lithuanians could be organising something in Belarus seems fucking laughable.
I share your frustration, but it is not for you or me, or anyone, to judge whether someone is being decieved or genuinely believes that it's best for their country.
The shamelessness of these evil clowns of the false Russian propaganda is astonishing
its true
You and me both
increasing wages and living conditions!
Like removing mods or something
Currywurst
Sounds about right, don't you think?
Included them because of geography
Its actually roman salute
tends to be added, but official names tend to be like Place name + saint name + denomination+church (or cathedral or basilica or whatever) and it's something rarely remembered
I certainly prefer a centralized health, education, labor and police system for a country this size, while local governments get to deal with truly local issues like the bus lines of a city, or a water treatment plant, and so on.
I refridgerate both
There is not a lot of political discussions there at all.
Latvian and Lithuanian have a lot of things in common with Slavic languages whether you like that or not.
- So where are you from
I'd like to see them join the EU to be held to the same standards as other countries and contribute their fair share instead of just reaping the benefits of Schengen, also
There was no unemployed people, moreover if you were caught in a working day on the street doing nothing  - you'd be checked for skipping the duties
I've been enjoying buckwheat lately
>Thinking we are Russians
I also believe Latvia is Latvia, but this is a stereotypes map..
This period is even called 'Good Swedish Times' in parts of Latvia, where swedes ruled at the time.
The only problem we have with Belorussians is the cigarette smuggling, and some pollution in the Daugava river.
We are not in WW2 anymore - you cannot simply convert a car factory to produce T-34 instead of Ladas.
We're talking about an engineer working in America vs Latvia.
I would like my country to adopt remote work wherever reasonable
Here in Latvia it's passport, drivers license or get lost!
Of course not
No, it is not enough, why would it be?
de jure Euro might be Unions's currency, but de facto it is a German one.
Ass in Latvian means sharp or axis
Then few days after that it came up in a personal conversation in which it was suggested that it rather plays on ignorance (IIRC the gist of it was "stick your head into oven and open gas and blue whale will come to you").
Fingers and feet swell, nose hurts from wiping, cant even use a normal car in some parts of the country.
There's also [extraction] and [another apparent consequence of the pipe tests]
In Latvian envy is skaudība and jealousy - greizsirdība (literally crooked-heartedness)
Honestly, I think even Russia wouldn't turn this into a shit show.
Holy shit, I remember these
/u/executivemonkey has another account?
This is equivalent to cutting out people's tongues in the middle ages
Like there's a lot of people from the Baltic states go study in Denmark?
You're gonna need it
There is some controversy, so we cling to the narrative we like best.
In Latvia's defence, they are by far the best at hockey of the Baltic states.
Well ladies and gentlemen......gib guns to Baltics plz, looks like we will have one hell of a adventure soon
[Where] [do] [I] [start]
Nowhere in the world does any great depth of history in high school
SETI will be a footnote in page 15, with global corruption on a massive scale exposed in a few paragraphs just above that.
Latvia should be Neville Longbottom, nobody takes us seriously, but you'll be thankful when we save everyone in the end
Yeah
I assumed the Russians have their own equivalent of Bureau International des Poids et Mesures, except with all measurements based not on a block of cesium but on a 700ml bottle of vodka
It would be strange to try and shield children from seeing a naked pair of breasts - you wouldn't show them sex scenes, but this highlights the difference.
And Estonians also celebrate independance and regaining of independence
again, I think it's sarcastic map -not an opinion poll.
Wouldn't being christian, any confession, suffice to gain favor with religiously minded people in a country as irreligious as Estonia?
This would not only prevent them from receiving benefits but will also lead to their arrest if they ever step within EU borders again...
We hate Russian flag, tho Russia didnt really do anything bad to our nation
I believe we took the name  Igaunija from [Ugannians]
Is this just a structutal integration or might Germany also supply tech for affordable prices?
Even in the Eurozone (which at least shares a currency), the economies are vastly different.
- Dzidra (The Clear-One) - yes, these are synonyms
If you mean socially, it's not particularly accepted, though it could be better or worse depending on how you phrase it.
I've moved to another country in Europe, so sure, there's getting myself registered with the national health insurance, the tax authority and such, but none of that is more difficult than filling out a few forms.
Reminds me when an F1 driver (I think Nico Rosberg (now retired)) splashed champagne on the podium, on Vladimir Putin, and many in the racing world said the same
Some of the most funny memes I have seen in my life were Latvian
I also really want to explore the city more, I felt like it was a place for me
Really weird experience
The key difference is disposable income and not expenses as a percentage of income
- test etc
I did the same except I was leaving via Romania and they warned me in Transnistria that the guards on that border get funny about not having an entry stamp, so we went to Chisinau airport and explained to the first security guard we saw that we needed a stamp, and he took us back to the head of security's office; he then had to call the foreign ministry to get permission to give us stamps for coming in through Transnistria
everyone recognized the joke, problem is, the joke is so played out that it is not funny in the slightest my guy
There are different implications between the two
Why do you resort to insults when people ask you to back up your claims?
Putin himself
Duchy of Courland, specifically - the West one third of current day Latvia
If Lithuanians are like brothers then Estonians are like friendly rivals
No, only times you should talk to a driver in public transport if you need a ticket or if there is an emergency
public opinion and lack of interest
It just seems like a stupid thing that people say when they hear the word ''Latvia'', but I'm not gonna cry racism or xenophobia, or whatever just because it's said.
Although I guess I'm cheating by using a prefix "ie"
Which is an okayish salary for Latvia.
And of course we loaned the German word and have turned it into "špikot" - to cheat/copy and "špikeris" - the cheat sheet
Yeah it can in places like Netherlands, Germany etc, but it can't be dealt in places like Eastern Europe, or even in 3rd world countries its worse
It's in one of the most extreme biomes in the world, it's not meant as a ''Russia is mordor''.
> not fried here, it’s raw
When I need to say an English word in a Latvian sentence, I always say it with a thick Latvian accent, and my brain doesn't really switch to English
Cēsis or Kuldīga for me
No licence for 5 years
A lot of people in Russia still praise Lenin and Stalin
A man of culture
But gas will still be there in 20, 30, even 50 years, just hopefully at a smaller role
It's like a Latvian pretending to be Portuguese or Moroccan.
<0 cold —  0-10 chilly — 10-25 warm — 25 < hot
We know English pretty damn well, and we're cheap as all hell.
This is giving me eurovision vibes
Guess you were born in the wrong country.
That is not something that can be taken back now though
3 - trīs
From where you are
Aldis Gobzems - terrorises other politicians during work and posts everything on his tik tok
France would never accept Latvia vetoing an intervention in West Africa, or what have you.
I cant really see a problem with this "same label = same content" rule despite some people arguing for opposite.
Today, on 1918 the Republic of Latvia declared independence from the Russian Empire.
Could someone explain how Transnistria would be handled.
All I am saying is don't fucking protest for a cause of you don't have a solution for
Tax is the money you never see anyway unless you are self-employed.
Latvia here, no speed limit regardless of the amount used.
For Latvia and Estonia, they're more likely to just try to project soft power and manipulate the populace as they see fit.
We have to start pushing for Latvia into Nordic because then we look all benevolent and ultimately, if Latvia can into Nordic, then Estonia is a no-brainer!
Does this mean cheaper PlayStations in the EU
Or, as many outside of Finland say, Finland doesn't exist at all
They're illegal in my country
An intellectual and a career-soldier, very professional, with a no-bullshit attitude!
When it comes to minimum wage adjusted for prices in a given country(PPS), Latvia is at the bottom of the EU, so if you say there is not a lot of poverty in Latvia that is a complete and utter lie
Personaly I don't see why who politician sleeps with should be scrutinized by public, it has no relevance to what happens to the country, maybe if they suck at their job it's just icing on the cake for critics, but if they work well then it's just dumb
Baltic states escaped this fate in the chaos of 1990's, Baltic politicians of that era were quick enough in grabbing the opportunity to brake away while Russia was busy with their own problems
In Latvian the ladybug is usually called bizbizmārīte, which could be literally translated as 'buzz buzz little Mary
Being Latvian, can confirm that people from places near border with Russia and Belarus get cheaper booze from those countries (have a feeling I'll get a taste of those in few weeks :D )
Or go exploring, walk, cycle, hire car
Pretty much every western European military company is involved in some kind of bribery scandals when they sell their products to poorer country without any industry of their own.
Kings have been absolute rulers most of the time, overthrowing a king has almost always been very bloody.
That reminded me - we played "the corpse", where you float face down for as long as possible, "the axe", where you try to sink to the bottom of the sea and stay as long as possible (we'd do this in shallow water), and "the moonrise", where you dive, do a somersault underwater while pulling down your pants, and then surface naked ass-first
Sometimes, I think it's more of shared genetic traits thing, so probably these similarities don't apply to all people from country, but perhaps they're from the same region, but mostly it takes seeing a lot of those people to start noticing, unless it's a common knowledge that has been pointed out, say, like that Southern Europeans have darker skin
My grandfather and my grandmother are both born in 1929.
I will second the suggestion of Rome.
I like it
We don't need your christian flags!
It has very simple grammar (no gender, no cases, fixed word order), and that allows anyone with a dictionary and time to understand everything
Not all of these are cities and towns per se but here it goes
I am not talking about the already existing day/nigh electrical use disparity which will become even more evident
Why the BBC covers it is a mystery to me.
I agree that it is better if we cooperate, but the question is how.
The next year was good, but then Russians came back
What is the point of showing turkish tv shows or anime with dubbing in Lithuanian?
To achieve any reasonable degree of fluency in a language, you need to practice it a fair amount, and for that you need motivation.
Odds wouldn't be in your favour.
meh, I look at how most people use it.
You get what you pay for
I wonder why you like blue-white..
to fuck her
If someone breaks in, they're not getting caught.
You've left out Slovākija and Moldova
At least in Latvia the goal is indifference, so that gay people could live undisturbed and in open, without judgmental attitude and sometimes harassment.
I don't think my graduate class was particularly unusual, and we had someone passionate for literature, another with a strong interest in chemistry, a girl who had aimed for med school since starting high school, a guy who wanted to become an officer in the military.
Why exactly is it any different from other post-communist countries?
So the solution is for every country to take in turns trying to conquer the planet
* [Oskars Kalpaks]
More than I can count: Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus (N+S), Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, England, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Scotland, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, Vatican, Wales
The longer the border, the more disputes, apparently.
But from what I've seen it's not worth to argue with you about this and I'm not in mood to troll you, so let's not.
Don't eat in the most touristy area.
V4 is only Poland, Czechia, Slovakia and Hungary!
But I have seen angry Latvian grandpa berating a Russian girl for asking him a polite question in Russian and that was kinda embarrassing.
Culture and language should be defined by, well, culture and language, not border controls
A random citizen will get their request denied
I also love my fajitas and enchiladas and good burger of course.
Thats mainly what I remember - walking, eating and being in a state of mild but perpetual drunkenness
I took the information from wiki(Latvia).
Most polls and experts predicted a Stay vote and a Clinton win right up until the actual voting, and look how that turned out.
As if that was most derogatory thing
Well, I can mainly talk about Bulgaria
Let the Russians fester in them.
Please stop it, get some help
- Saulcerīte ( The-One-Who-Hopes-For-Sun)
They are planning to team up with russia, a +- working health care system being trashed and being replaced by bigly words, racism, sexism, is going to be on a huge rise, + the incompetence of the police force there is amazing, religion fanatism still, for example abortion bans, even thought the republicans, pro-life don't give a shit about the kid when it is born, and overall bad education system has made all this shit possible
Recently I've been saying veči a lot, translates to guys or old men
For a bit there I wasn't really sure if you meant Mussolini or Berlusconi
To be honest - ain't nothing wrong with that.
They're our ''shield'' against Russia, and it makes me appreciate them like nothing else.
This Czech Lidl case is nothing exceptional.
The proper scientific term for hill in Latvian is 'paugurs'.
No matter where you live, you're supposed to never claim any country has better looking women than Latvia.
**Germany:**
Haha read my first and last sentences.
Not unless Gordon Ramsey is cooking and is the head chef
The Latvian military went fully professional in 2007 and had been phasing out conscription for a few years before that.
We had politics and rights in highschool and another subject in 9th grade that now seems to be incorporated into social sciences, which apparently covers many other topics over several years.
The territory of the State of Latvia, within the borders
The politburo stuff on /r/LatvianJokes, I wouldn't imagine a Latvian having an issue with.
Why
Of these Tatjana Ždanoka is still politicaly active, she's a MEP, but I'm not sure, if she's acctually ideologically communist, I think she's more pro-Kremlin
One of the smallest countries in Europe and we've also got a really old flag
They call it "Stop and calm down" Basically they get a choice either pay the usual fine or just stand at the side of the road for some time
They ruined Russia
" Person 1: "Tad sit dirsu pret zemi
Who knows
Plenty of shit protestant countries and rich catholic ones, e.g.
Current military equipment is quite sophisticated, increasing capacity won't be that easy.
Italy alone has more deaths than China
I mean I'm all for opportunities to seek better lives elsewhere, but at the same time I feel like rural regions get abandoned by the young and the old die out
Here at least LotR somehow closely followed Harry Potter in being translated, but Hobbit was translated earlier than that
Therefore from their roots they are already not aligned with the interests of Latvia.
Ultimately two Soviet Republics (Ukraine and Byelorussia) were admitted as full members of the UN, so between 1945 and 1991, the Soviet Union was represented by three seats in the United Nations."
Brāļukas- probably what the Lithuanians say
I was getting rather insulted until I saw Papal States
Do Estonians in Valga often speak Latvian?
In space *nothing* is easy
Living (t)here - it's annoying but somewhat amusing
The blond hair thing is very common around the Baltic Sea(Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Lithauania, Latvia, and Sweden) and in Norway.
Unless that genocidal foreign power is the Nazis 'saving' you from the USSR genocide and later the USSR 'saves' you from the Nazi genocide.
Latvians do like hockey, no clue if they are good.
Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was like the poorest country in Europe with worst administration...
With the weird crap floating around today, who knows
I find the idea kinda repulsing
And about them always being first - Estonia is sometimes considered the most advanced country from the Baltic trio.
Plus, rural Estonia and Latvia aren't really Russified at all.
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it doesn't use a credible source.
Plus there are several hundreds of western citizens living in Eastern Europe, not including the military personal.
It's those who have been born in the West, but who have somehow soaked up all that Islamic bullshit - either in mosques or online.
They know that the EU is good for them, and other than grumbling over the refugee issue, there is almost no anti-EU sentiment.
Even if you disagree with such garbage, you still get influenced by it in every day life
If you gave the Russian concentrations in Latvia the option to "rejoin" Russia, you could well see similar results.
Not in the list, but if a Lithuanian spoke really slowly, I think I could understand most of what they were saying
Two, you're of fucking dicks
He also said that any map shown on the channel was strictly in accordance with Russian law, which names Crimea as part of Russia.
I didn't study art, however, studies  involved other kinds of projects that could be copyrighted and we were asked to sign copyrights over for work done during the studies
[Baltic Assembly]
They're slowly eradicating themselves by emigrating more and having **way** less children than latvians.
TIL Belgium is to the Netherlands what Latvia is to Estonia.
If you want to give a knife to someone, they pay you, even if it's just a single cent
It was fun the other way around tho :)
Also if you're into museums, you can easily spend an entire day in some of Berlin's museums, the Museum Island is amazing for ancient civilization stuff, and Checkpoint Charlie for a history of the Berlin Wall and US/Soviet rivalry in the area.
The trick in this case is to keep the momentum going as now the 90's generation (which is tiny compared to those before it) become the childbearers.
And probably most popular swearword is Блядь.
We even have a table in our university
Latvia and Belarus to sign defense agreement
Jes, vī hiar at Latvia dū azvell.
Just because them and the Germans fought among themselves doesn't put them on the right side of history.
Latvian has macrons for every vowel besides "o".
One Latvian goddess is usually shown in the form of a potato: Bhoomi (ভূমি).
Regarding Russians - you rarely will see them in the countryside as most of those, like 99%, are living in the largest cities.
1 high school in the country and a TON of super smart kids with bright futures did it, so yeah, not a big deal here
Such as that bus robberies stopped in 2009 because the [helicopter robbers]ästberga_helicopter_robbery) were actually bus robbers that upgraded.
My only negative encounters were in the city with some petty crime.
Fine if it’s once a year, but is it ever
Sweden, Finland and Latvia all declare war on Estonia, but Russia comes in to protect us.
I've been on this Earth for far less time than you, but I'm sure that you will make the right choice
You do know Social media is extremelly powerful for marketing?
Note that in Bavaria, it is now legal to charge tuition fees.
There are also excellent, but definitely depressing, sites to learn more about the Nazi period.
I don't think it would be that hard for non-native speakers
But this exact variant was shaped in Estonia and Latvia
- Laimnesis (The Luck-Bringer)
The guy's got 560k post karma in a little under 6 months.
I see no problem with recreational shooting - my strongly anti-gun stance (by American standards) is in opposition to other types of gun use.
Dunno it seems like a cool tradition at this point.
WW1 and WW2 battles are covered in some detail.
Akenstaka
Not true
What the hell is going on in Latvia.
winter tires are mandatory from 1st of December.
It's just a different approach, I was pointing *that* out
Our current head of state (prime minister) was born in another country (US
difference is - we're not in Russia, they were in Latvia.
I don't want to replace it with water :(
Same in other countries, most Lenins were removed.
Edit: When I talk about 'we', I mean society at large, not just those speaking Latvian
They say that the war was also going on in Asia, that the US got involved after Japan attacked Pearl Harbour, and that WW2 ended with the Japanese surrender shortly after the US dropped two nukes.
Riga is the only place in Latvia where that's not the case, and also the only place with growing economy, population and job market...
A lot of ways to divide (and at the same time unite) Estonia and Latvia.
Shoppings malls and cinemas, bowling, bars etc
I wish them all the luck possible
They can’t change geography with a referendum, UK will always be part of Europe, no one can take that away
It's as close to being Latvian, but improved.
I is the most difficult thing to hit the round ball with a round bat
Spain to send 300 soldiers to Latvia
Third largest economy in the World at the time covering 17% of World's mass.
You sometimes can get up to 4-5 times higher salary working exactly the same job, just by moving to another country and having right qualifications...
And linguistically it's as different from other European languages as possible.
This is a problem because, for example, if you look at a decade like the 60s where USSR was doing nothing worse than sending people to work camps, torturing them in KGB basements and arresting people for listening to rock'n'roll, and claim that it was as bad Nazis - well, it just wasn't, the amount of people killed, tortured and put in camps was much lower
I don't think there is much now either, and there's no semester system.
So I called my colleague who's was still at work
According to OECD (and other organizations) no discrimination against ethnic Russians has been found, but the campaign has succeeded somehow to install the image that Latvians (and Estonians and Lithuanians) are oppressing Russians and they are forced to live as "second class" citizens (or are denied citizenship altogether based on their nationality).
But then Russian Family decided to kidnap us
(almost r/okbuddyretard shit
It's part of ["NATO’s forward presence in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland"]
We are exterminating the bourgeoisie as a class
Saules zaķītis = sun rabbit (it's not an "official" word in the Latvian language, but it means a ray of light that has reflected off of some surface)
Bridges or smth
And Latvia is hoping for threesome with Estonia - that stuck up bitch who appearently is too good for that and wants to jump in bed with Nordic boys.
However, I'd also say there's an East/West divide there too, a great part of that reason being that the Nazis and Soviets tried to stamp a lot of it out and exterminated the arts and culture scene in a lot of areas - cooking included
Pretty much the same here, except it’s more the go-to for furniture and supplies but not luxury, and we have only one in the country
Lithuania is about to join the glorious Spirit Road.
Putting Latvian flag instead of Austrian flag :
Does that imply that basically all 6% of people are living on welfare?
Biggest crock of shit I've heard!
For example, one of the mainstays of the curriculum, if I recall correctly, read in about 6th or 7th grade, is called "In the shadow of death" and it is basically a story about fishermen on an ice floe slowly succumbing to death
Latgale, it is the poorest region in the baltics(as far as I know) and one of the poorest in all of the EU's Eastern countries, highest unemployment in Latvia, often disregarded by tourists while having some beautiful sights
So yeah, they're basically like those abandoned houses people would go to explore, and it would probably cost 3x as much to make it livable (and most likely already was/would be turned into an apartment building)
Of course, then she starts a big rant that she's not walking across town to the hotel with her stupidly big bag, her boyfriend either needs to find someone to carry it or arrange a taxi or something
Lmao
I wonder what her reddit username would be.
Thanks for the clarification, I take my words back
Sweden has allemansrätten, a law that essentially gives you the right to be most places in the nature as long as you're not destroying anything.
How about freedom to work hours you are contractually obligated to work and mind your own business in the free time?
I've been there, beautiful city
Very unfortunate name for such a beautiful place
Wow, there are people, who have been living here for 50 years and still don't even know a word in Latvian/10^/s
Yeah, of course
It's weird I was in the Netherlands in 2017, and when I shopped in local Jumbo the price for a bottle of water was 1
Almost as if women were property, like a prize pig
There are few upsides, tho
Those were gruesome 10 months
Ha ha, you can no longer make fun of us not having islands.
Don’t forget to say that when we built the tower they built a slightly taller one, then we lengthened ours, then they, back and forth like that, until the aforementioned demolition
I agree with you about attitudes regarding gays in Latvia.
As I like to say, you can take Latvia out of Eastern Europe, but you can't take Eastern Europe out of Latvia
Whenever news hit that Germans are, for example, not so willing to have their vaccine my husband stares at TV in disbelief saying - not the Germans too, they are the most civil country and even they are turning
So that pretty much evens out
who work, they add s to third person singular (he/she/it), I remeber it took me some time to figure this one out
Said he assumed that the "Open Skies" agreement would be gone...again indicating he's not looked into it at all.
Here in Guernsey, we had a wave of Latvian immigration when you guys joined the EU.
It has three different forms which sound exactly the same but are spelled different: lauzt, laust, lauzst
>The Schuman plan is one of the main reasons for the long peace, with the economic integration of Europe war is now unthinkable in Europe and the relations between Germany and France have never been higher
people are not happy when US is intervening in places where it's uncalled for......This however, is a different matter entirely.
He has also gotten in bar fights and is very disrespectful
I like Hesburger because they usually have a more diverse menu than McD, and you also have them all over the country, as opposed to McD which is in Riga and only one or two outside of it
TLDR: Pro-Russian woman that denounces Latvia as a fascist state
It was our only island and Estonia already has so many
This is a classic case of torn graph #Truncated_graph
The Baltics may not have it well in terms of statistics, but it's still safe here.
Unless everyone settles for self-funded small community farm settlements the way Latvians have lived for centuries before
I wanted to make some jokes, but realized that I actually don't hate any EU country...
It's hard for me to give advice as I've never experienced anything like this, but I can just say I'm sorry for your situation
No wonder we can't subdue Taiwan - even the mighty Latvian empire can't touch them.
No, I did postgraduate stuff abroad, but for my Bachelors I stayed in Riga, which is my home city.
There is only one way for them to credibly replace that alliance and that is nuclear weapons on a hair trigger ready to be launched the moment Estonia, Latvia, or Lithuania can't be defended anymore by conventional means.
I prefer LSSR flag
This thing can be refilled, and you can load more advanced tickets to it, for example, month ticket
and this is something that isn't very well understood in Eastern Europe
Well, I'm sorry about what happened to your friends.
Kurzeme: Forests everywhere
Even for 1 ride you need to buy e-talons
In Sweden, there's a "försörjningsstöd" - minimum level of welfare that people can get to live a "reasonable" life.
We're skipping Plitvice, taking a longer day in Krka.
If you have information on the wanted person that is important, you could possibly negotiate.
Read the full story here (google translated from russian):
The man called the entire nation of Mexico rapists and criminals.
Extending the 90 days in Schengen is not possible under most circumstances.
Seems like an awful lot of work.
We get really confused with Lithuania which has ia ending either
All other Romes were run by little girls
I think I like marches, but I imagine something poetic might be better for national identity
I'm starting to like this Swe-country
I've been there numerous times - it's a small Latvian village.
They went even as far as to claim that [the Latvian citizens murdered by Soviet secret police] after invasion of 1940 were actually victims of "Fascists".
Give me my infinite money to rewrite the history books, ffs already
Even NATO in its current form agrees it cannot hold the Baltic in a war with Russia, within 48 hours Lithuania,Latvia,and Estonia will fall.
November 1919 was a turning point in Latvian independence fights
Not OP but we also joined the Eurozone ~~at the same time~~ a year earlier
From what I've learned myself, Latvia and Ukraine are night and day in terms of language politics(for the most part).
If you wish to have the really old, seldomly-used Latvian names, then, of course, these would be the pre-Christian ones like Namejs, Kaupo, Vetseke, Lokers etc
When country is founded then usually everyone living in it is given its citizenship.
Russia is the main orthodox country now, but in the older times I guess it would be Greece.
Voice pitch gets higher for some reason
Yeah, we got that other one where a Dutch navy sailor was beat into a coma in Ventspils, he later died btw.
Unless intimidation was their reason
Turns out that without government regulation scams and thievery run rampant
Back then birthrates were high and people didn't live that long, no social security, pensions and all that stuff.
That's interesting
Firstly you need to gegraphicaly localize most ethnic russians in some part of country; then you need to wait for several generations of russians to born in that area and become a significant part of country's population.
I thought I'll never got hooked because I didn't really enjoy smoking.
Latvia is not sending us the best potatoes.
Defense Secretary Mattis issues new ultimatum to NATO allies on defense spending
u/stevothepedo Ireland does not have the resources for its 5 million people to be self sustaining, not without massive rebuilding of the entire country and losing a lot of the comforts that the people currently experience
As a consultant who writes dozens of pages each week - I vomited a bit.
In the first case, it would not be punished at all, since it is no longer illegal for private persons to not display the national flag on national holidays, and it is also not illegal to fly a foreign flag (to my knowledge)
Which is silly anyway, because it's his right as a British and European citizen to express his opinion about his country's - and the wider region's - politics.
The moustache, too
He is the next POTUS of course it is a big deal, he isn't some average Joe from the street, a person can't get to his position, unless majority of people want him there(not this time by a majority, but by an old system), so it wouldn't be incorrect for me to listen to him and be amazed, what stupid shit he thinks of today
Stranger : Oh so you’re like Russian right
They definitely changed a recipe very recently.
There was no unemployed people, moreover if you were caught in a working day on the street doing nothing  - you'd be checked for skipping the duties
Boric acid easily available and cheap in any pharmacy in that time was used to polish the table
Afghanistan was as unavoidable as death and taxes and at the time everyone supported it, even Russia did, I think.
You are slowed down Estonian, and Estonian you are slowed down Latvian.
I am not talking about the campaign in Germany and the potential disinformation campaign as a part of the war effort by the Germans.
By saying that you are implying that it's not really her problem, but the problem of the state
Post ww1 Baltic States win their wars of independence (Lithuania losses viļņus)
It's pretty much become a joke that Estonia is always better than Latvia
We allready have a human bear hybrid who gets superstrenght from his bear ears
Back when we hoped to have a common nuclear plant with Latvia and Lithuania.
Russia is quite huge
Well maybe you grew up lucky not seeing poverty but trust me my friend poverty is much more common than wealth here, most people i know lived very poor since im from the countryside in Zemgale
I mean
You mean like refering to them as landmarks in everyday speech?
I'm pretty sure people have done dumb shit with fireworks in Latvia as well.
I think people don't know what nazi means, there are other words to describe extremists, but go to one is nazi because it is the scary word
If parents wanna be really fancy they can ofc give as many names as they like or maybe have 2 last names (for them upon marriage or for their child) for some reason, however this is quite rare
The leader has no clue what she is talking about and has no real suggestions for the governing bodies rather than "reeeeee".
It's basically the government (municipal, regional or national, depends on the location) wanting to make some more money from tourism.
Apart from the small roasters, of the more widely available brands it has to be the Costa Rican [Britt] Illy is also ok
No matter who rules over Russia - they all think that Latvia must be annexed to Russia
It's Horvātija in Latvian
Even tho Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth is dead for years now
Your final paragraph literally makes no sense.
Sorry for touching on the subject of your god-prince Lavrov.
for some reason seems disgusting to me
I'm not sure if it counts as in history, as he's still alive, but it's Alfrēds Rubiks, probably
this won't be a simple majority decision.
To be Latvians, they first have to identify themselves as such.
But how hard is it to say "We recognize Croatia as a country"?
Belarusians and Ukrainians have some Baltic blood, they could join too, they just have to convert to Protestantism or Catholicism.
It was like driving in fridge during winter
Two black coffees and I'm ready for anything!
I, too, like to speak a million sentences without actually saying anything
Started biking again seriously after I moved to the Netherlands, nearly 10 years later
It'll be like 3 extra seconds per item in the supermarket just to check if it's not made in Poland, or designed in Poland, but until the ruling party changes, I'm willing to make that sacrifice
I just guess franca would really be lingua franca then
The one popular with non natives are the potato memes
We don't sing praises to the Latvians who did take part in the Holocaust or mass murder.
The thing is, I'm pretty sure that was the reason why Morocco was rejected in 1987.
Yes, milk definetly would go bad faster in warmer conditions, not sure about eggs
Other good options are Latvia, Ireland and southern Poland.
Turns out I was not wrong - Latvia got 23 quota refugees, and a month ago local news reported that only 2 were left and the rest are in Germany.
I'm a Latvian who doesn't like fish and especially sprats
I've only seen them at the riga marathon
It'll be like 3 extra seconds per item in the supermarket just to check if it's not made in Poland, or designed in Poland, but until the ruling party changes, I'm willing to make that sacrifice
I am Artis Pabriks MEP, Rapporteur for CETA ; the former Defence and Foreign Affairs' Minister of Latvia, AMA!
You think it's "statistically simple to solve" a home break in?
is latvian the most handsome or does it seem like that only because I am latvian myself
Finland is mostly a wild territory without much civilians around.....so they can go full house if war brakes out.
- EuroVoc
It is not European cooperation, but international capitalism.
People in Russia definitely aren't  bad only part of them is influenced by one sided propaganda
Bosnia and Herzegovina definetly isn't the most corrupt country in Europe so not fully true
Love you fellow Europeans
5km, so a 20 minute walk
Person 1:"Here i made you an omelette". Person 2: "I dont want it
Mono-national industrial states with common identity and history.
I looked at some videos of it on youtube after learning about the practice and, yeah, creepy.
8 - astoņi
I found some universities in Poland and Latvia that is affordable, do you have any other recommendations or experiences in these countries?
And Kosovo closer to Nigeria than to Serbia.
She can call literally everybody a "kid".
You realize that they're almost always debit cards, right?
Both Latvia and Estonia have a lot of Russians to skew up this chart though, so this is only the average and says absolutely nothing about Estonians and Latvians.
Georgia is doing better this year, but in 2013 and 2014 it was in top 10, although they've indeed made impresive change compared to mid-2000s And Greece has made huge improvement over past five years - it was around 100th place before 2013
In Latvian there are two words for it : *sliedes* (track) and *dzelzs ceļš* (iron road)
I've rather enjoyed visits to both, but I prefer Berlin.
So the US cannot afford a situation where Russian tanks roll into a NATO country and the US does nothing.
But I would say - no, they are not mutually intelligible.
That's really awesome
Well, at least the audible range.
Yeah your Mägi is a low hill in Finnish and Kungas is "kynnäs" aka very low but long moreine ridge or long sand bar (like Kuurin kynnäs in Latvia/Lithuania), usually between waterways.
We both still have strong pagan traditions, song festivals like [here] or [here] and are generally the last two Baltic countries on earth, now that the Prussians, Curonians and the sort are gone.
I think that people from Baltics generally don't know or don't care about stuff happening on Balkans.
Half of my office is empty, because people stayed at home with their children
My Swedish wasn't that good at the time, and I thought they said Parmesan, not fries.
That said, I believe we can co-exist with the right laws in place in our country, like learning Latvian mandatory
We have the state police doing all the serious stuff everywhere + road traffic policing; and then in the cities there's municipal police taking care of drunks, minor hooligans, parking, stuff like that
To further comment, I wrote my original post from mostly a Swedish perspective, and Sweden is an excellent example of how countries can choose what exactly refugee status entails.
can I tell you about the good word of our lord and savior - Latvian language?
I've checked this [wiki] which might explain a bit, but it seems that there's an unclear origin
Did a couple of carthwheels while braking before my father loosened the tension wires
Don't judge dude, he might be, he might not be
Well I wasn’t speaking as a political scientist
And you will be the one who volunteers first into this new EU wide defense force and will fight in African civil wars in the side backed by French corporations and political elite?
Oh, no, not really, the packages have Latvian as well.
Starting a company sounds pretty cool tho
Russia, Amerika, Latvija itself.
Lithuania and Estonia
I can vote, I can run for office and I can work in public sector.
Yeah, I also don't know how Ukraine could possibly have more corruption that the PRoC
Have I said anything like that?
Which one is deep fried Mars bars
Japan actions also were usually mentioned just briefly
It says nothing about any financial aspect.
Yaaawn
Probably my favourite Polish city I've been to so far!
It might have something to do with the fact that Russian was lingua franca in the USSR.
Historically he's based on 13th century Livonian warlord [Caupo of Turaida] who sort of did all that, but maybe wasn't all bad, because he might have established a successful christianised kingdom like Mindaugas the Great did in Lithuania, but nobody knows exactly as it never happened.
if they support those things I wrote there yes......but I don't really understand why you put Americans in here, Americans are not Europeans, they are not my concern.
And everything aside - Germany has the greatest capability both monetarily and (especially) technologically to have a quite effective and powerful military force on this continent.
Ah, fuck I could write down contents of history book as others have allready tried - if you care to know an entire year is dedicated to 20th century in elementery and then again in high school in a very analytical, matter of fact way - but the truth is that "Soviet" stands for everything that ever could be wrong with the world, even if someone has found memories about some features, they would never want that era to return and if someone actually does they're going to be an outcast in our society
If they do then they make a shitty job showing it.
It's funny really, our three countries are basically interchangeable unknowns for most others, it seems, but we share less similarities than Norway/Sweden/Denmark.
Top selling, presumably ignoring the second-hand market?
The rest of Northern Europe would then be in Northwestern Europe, which would be Scandinavia and Iceland basically.
People can be pressured into doing something against their will by threatening them, their family, friends or whatever.
From now on it's "When they go low, we punch them in their face"
I'm pretty sure [hemp butter] also is rare outside of Latvia.
So for most Finns it's just ''normal'' part of life and how it should be and how it always has been
Not to mention that we actually are Europeans.
Almost no one denies climat change
I've seen this said a few times and every time I think - ah, there's the difference in mentality
Well, not in Latvia, but Latvian-born immigrant Jacob Davis invented jeans and then partnered with Levi Strauss to mass produce them
I'd say Russian is more available in commercial sector
may the Jesus be with you, I fear thats the only thing that can help you now
I barely get Latvian ones still, but I do see a disproportionate amount of Irish ones around here, in my opinion.
So technically, very technically, you can call Latvia, Lithuania and Poland colonial powers :)
I've always been surprised by the subjects they consider fitting for conversations with strangers, and how they think and talk about things
70 rate means we are dying out even without emigration
It is in Russian, but has English subtitles on CC
right i've heard eastern, i've heard northern, i've heard north-eastern, this is a fucking new one wow
The point isn't specific cultural and geopolitical environment of the 1930s but long term cultural relationships.
Baswd countries
And before anyone wants to get pedantic - I know Finnish, Hungarian, Turkish, and Estonian aren’t “technically” European languages
Commas
You're talking about Crimea as a little pawn that doesn't have their own opinion.
Hot 25-30
The latter two
Croatia - Horvātija
Someone with a German flair is not the one to lecture about building compassion and friendship over centuries.
I'm planning on going to Latvia next year, so thanks for the post!
The statement would have been correct it instead of "Russian immigrants" it said "Soviet immigrants" or something to that effect (e.g.
Given that the US is very involved in international affairs and Russia is acting opposite to US interests basically everywhere where it's involved, there's definitely things they could negotiate.
For Latvia: Prime Minister is main man/womann in country
Around 60% for parliament in last 10 years
River Narva which forms the Estonian-Russian border has one dam but the powerstation itself is completely on Russian side so we have 0 share.
The sovereign power of the State of Latvia is vested in the
Well, in last century it completely changed their entire political system twice and changed leaders many more times.
Looking at this thread, it seems like pretty much everyone disagreeing with this POV are specifically Lithuanian while Estonians and Latvians don't seem to care as much.
- Ilgonis (The One-Who-Yearns)
They exist so that Putin can look reasonable compared to them
It would be a empty gesture, but our teams are usually prominent in these events.
Well the Iraq invasion was sketchy at best
I mean, the average west german is definitely richer, by how is the question though.
Of course the irony is that Turkey is not there, even though Turks have actually attacked and killed Russian soldiers and their allies in the last few years, and multiple times at that
cant wait to hear next weeks news when an incurable super bug starts making rounds
Latvian: Svētā Romas impērija
What people have said about religious people being looked at as weirdos really depends on how religion relates to the conversation.
And London Gatwick
As replied elsewhere lines only represent languages that were compared.
Sport stars, pewdiepie and attractive women...and WTF Latvia?
You are not familiar with such thing as "reductio ad absurdum", perhaps "hyperbole"...
They provide it's services in these language to ensure that the new immigrants can integrate.
except that wolf is real and he ate Ukraine's left leg.....
Doesn't help that half the population are idiots subscribing to some conspiracy theory or other
It takes even less time for prejudice.
I feel like a lot of people want the word genocide to only apply to Nazi Germany.
Was I the only one who got that vibe?
But it's still just as wrong as stealing
The pain that is passed down generation to generation is something one from the West would never understand.
"Shut up you russian kid" "im latvian" "its the same thing"
Something my country desperately needs, a healthy look at history unclouded by nostalgia and mystified origins of the nation
Aging societies don't fight wars
- Spodris (The Clean-One)
[like this]#q=cursive+handwriting&tbm=isch)
* This unties work from place
My mum's been getting by on the bike and hasn't been run over by a car yet, so that's good
- Do you mean Lithuania
Northern, Eastern, who gives a shit what label anyone wants to put on it, we’re here on the map, done
If your father was born a citizen in Greece, and still had his citizenship when you were born, then you have the right to Greek citizenship and can apply for it.
I have to admit to becoming a terribly horrible insanely poorly badly sucking trench digger as I have unsurprisingly little strength in my arms for someone who works at the computer and
since they sound bit more better
We didn't get our flag from a student organization, it comes from an old Medieval chronicle, a student noticed this description and apperently even offered his coorporation to adopt these colors, but they couldn't have same color twice, so they changed one to yellow and then in 1880s switched to color scheme without either red or white, because apperently the government started disliking red
That's right Latvia, we call you Letonia.
I express my sympathy in him having to deal with idiots
Nationality; the status of belonging to a particular nation, whether by birth or naturalization
You make good points, of course.
Better than spending those 500+ on Terrorists from middle east who will be an issue for next hundreds of years.
They actually made several pretty good produced videos, including choir songs in support of people Nothern Europe
Is this because of history book
If a person speaks Russian and understands Russian culture, he is Russian.
Most attention is given to events in Latvia, and Europe in general, with other areas having far less.
Sveiki, mani sauc Jānis, priecājos iepazīties
But I refridgarate both, it's conveniet
I don't know what's so crazy about things people like Özdemir, Habeck, Göring-Eckardt or Kretschmann say.
I don't know about Baltic states tho
Scandinavians don't need it anymore, church is not able to offer them answers and it doesn't meet their needs.
ok Ive never heard the latvian version
I'm a Latvian who doesn't like fish and especially sprats
Once I graduated college, I haven't written a single full sentence on paper, all I ever did was fill and sign forms
Better economic growth, healthier political climate, safer roads, mostly better technology, much better public image.
The Baltic country experiences a very cold winter this year."
But Berlin is far more affordable, and a more manageable size.
It's easier to be funny
This seems accurate to me
I actually have to think for a second about what the Latvian translation of "cursive writing" is.
But the app lagged out and ordered to the closest Hesburger to my work not my place
Latvian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has a pretty torough [article]( detailing country's official position on this.
German "obsession" has never been to lead Europe, but to lead Germany.
That con is why I love Germany
What I found helpfull in terms of immersion was Runescape and the option to examine every object in the game for explanation on what it is
Seems like Latvia adopted the concept of Africa from the French.
But with the new mayor, I hope the situation will change
Because EU stands by its members and shows that everyone is in this together?
Unsurprising, Romania looks like a real life equivalent of Mad Max
Germany will probably be the only remaining enthusiastic country for turning EU into a federation.
Obviously the only reason you support Ušakovs is because of his ethnicty.
There's a very small village called Egypt.
Not sure how should I answer it since I don't know the official language of the country I was born in and a citizen of
*Sorts by controversial*
I wanted to say hate, but hate is a strong word and i didnt want to offend anyone:D
>or pen a message to your mum
They have their own language that's actually being spoken by the people
I know
This could be the key I've been searching for to easily distinguish (written) Latvian from Lithuanian, and one that is even possible to remember (LT is next to PL, ogonek and slash-l didn't spread further north, + of course shared history&religion).
And instability afterwards was only logical continuation to having extremly corrupt country with collapsing economy and people glorifying the West they hadn't even been allowed to visit, but on other hand not knowing how that other system works.
Without those this chart is little skewed to push some agenda
"Tas mani nerausta" - It's not tuggin / pulling me
I wish I could still believe this, but LePen..
"You should be grateful, and show respect!!!" is not a great way to talk to your population.
As a Canadian (I moved to Portugal), I would like to point out that Latvia is already in a super cool club.
(Haven't clicked the link yet): Latvians or Lithuanians?
In Latvia it's a group of deep subdialects in a region that has strong local identity due to them being Catholic and historically having been dominated by Poles for a long time, while rest of the country mostly used to be Lutheran and historically had Baltic German elite
TL;DR: It's not a figure head thing, start by avoiding politicians who only travel in circles you find questionable
It’s literally pig fat - not the good bits, just the fat which is supposed to be slow cooked away - served cold on rye bread
If you had such direct ancestors, you might be eligible for citizenship by the way of family background, in some countries.
And people are still planning NY parties even with the curfew in effect
Here in Latvia it's passport, drivers license or get lost!
New Zealand - Jaunzēlande
One would think that at least in Germany police would go apeshit over such behaviour.
Hey, you know how we have a minority constituting a quarter of population.
I think for many young people from Latvia the answer would be yes, it's even worse for gay people since I'm pretty sure we're either top 3 or top 5 least lgbt friendly countries in Europe
Race term existed but was only used in scientific/biological sense
I believe that Lithuania and Latvia* are crazy about basketball.
In Latvia anyone can chop down a singe tree for their home, if it's a state owned firest
For example for me as Slovak it would be impossible to tell apart Latvian from Lithuanian speaking English when I have heard only few times Lithuanian or Latvian languages so there is no way I would be able to see/hear differences in English between them.
Europeanism is not an answer to globalism.
More like UK and others not wanting part is second world ("the enemy") and swing states are third world ("undecided")
In the 80's, you could see a novuss table in every yard during summer
Russia keeps Finland alone now, because Finnish military has grown so strong in the last 30 years that Russia cant afford to bully them anymore how they used to
Russia removed tons of Lenin statues, including from the Red Square, Parliament building, etc.
France is never refered to as the former French State of the German Reich.
The Latvian ones are far superior!
However Jaan would be the quite similar cognate in Estonia.
In addition, it is estimated that by 2015 around 2 million additional jobs will be generated due to these levels of investment.
We are exterminating the bourgeoisie as a class
Galva, pleci, ceļi, pēdas, ceļi, pēdas
Speed bump of the Europe
The end result might be essentially the same, it may be changed a little or it may also result in significant change, for better or worse, down the line as that mess plays itself out
And I went to a school that taught 5 languages as options, so I can’t imagine how bad it must be in a school that can barely source a French teacher
Also - you mentioned Germany
Generally, no, I try to answer, if I understand and if not *ja ņi gavarju pa ruskij*
My biggest annoyance with ice hockey is how the play stops often, American football is much worse in this regard.
Lithuania, Latvia are closer in a lot of ways to Poland, Slovakia, North-Western Russia than to Sweden or Finland.
aka Philip Mountbatten-Windsor
I don't know what you are talking about, my involvement in /r/russia is limited to on occasion helping people with Russian language.
Tips seem a bit odd for me
Would the solution be *final*?
Nowadays you can just go to one of the bureaus, fill out an application form and get the card in a matter of minutes.
- Koknesis (The Tree-Bringer)
One of the biggest rivers in Latvia is called "Lielupe" - big River
Paldies (LV), Paļdis (Latgalian), Ačiu (Lithuanian), Спасибо (Russian), Kiitos (Finnish), Tak (Danish/Swedish/Norwegian), Dankeschön (German), Denk u val (Dutch), Merci (French/Romanian), Gracias (Spanish), Obrigado (Portuguese), Grazie (Italian), Hvala (Croatian/Slovenian/Bosnian/Serbian/Montenegro), Я благодарю (Bulgarian), Köszönom (Hungarian), Džekuje (Polish/Slovakian/Czech)
flag of Latvia shall be red with a band of
Actually no, Trump is indeed ass.
Since childhood everyone memorizes keyboard and can type both Latin or Cyrillic letters without looking on keyboard
And yes I would take them (not all ofcourse) from Latvia, because honestly I really think that Russian minority (and Kremlins ability to influence them) is a reason why Latvia is doing a bit more poorly compared to Estonia or Lithuania
But with any good thing, the unintended consequences may always be worse, which is what happened.
funny you say that.....I have never seen a single Czech soldier in any exercises in Baltic states
- Skaidra (The Clear-One)
Finnish language is so hard that you get your first book to study it from the day you were born.
As long as base is used for NATO operations I'm fine, apart from that I would not want them anywhere near
The Latvian president can fire parliament.
pre 2008 NATO was scared of doing anything that would antagonize Russia, back then NATO would never allow combat troops to be deployed in Baltic states and Poland like they have done now.
Most if not all of the similarities in that text are also present in proto-indoeuropean and so doesnt really mean much in terms of similarity of baltic/slavic.
"don't rock the boat kid, I'm comfortably sitting here so let's keep it this way"
What‘s funny is I’ve noticed that most people that say that the EU is trash, done for, and practically on the brink of destruction are almost always from either a Balkan country, or Central European Slavic country
- Saulvedis (The Sun-Bringer)
I have a typical kettle that's 2200W, so it would mean just 800W available while boiling some water...
Really good idea for how "nice" this week have been
The anti-EU elderly then most commonly said that the EU is a threat to Latvian farmers
German is an official language there so it makes perfect sense
Every person under 30 usually speaks at least some level of English.
I put on some 4 kilos in 2 weeks while there despite doing a lots of walking up and down the hills in merciless heat most of the time
In the bad areas of Riga, there won't be stones thrown at the police or attacks against police cars, and the fire brigade doesn't need a police escort there.
But if he is wrong, why say that makes him an Englishman
From what I understand, some of these shooting ranges are used to foreign tourists, and you'd be allowed to target shoot as long as you have some ID and the staff are satisfied that you're not under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
Or Iceland
Unlike Estonia, where a pro-Russian party is likely to gain power in the coming weeks, Latvia has locked its equivalent party out of government, despite it regularly topping the polls.
Now, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia all have a lot more other NATO country soldiers, because after the Crimean events and war in Donbass, they asked for it.
Most of abortations is done due not wanting to keep you legs shut
Sugar and wheat
Hah, I did the Trans-Siberian a few years ago; that was an eye opener
It's kinda evolving as the days go on, but that was the initial flashpoint
Well I suppose if you meant as in the name isnt common in all Slavic languages, then I misunderstood you, I apologize
If you're employed in your home state, you can probably get a job in another state, and you don't need a visa sponsorship for that, and you're not completely screwed if you end up not liking it.
Probably bears, though we don’t have many (around 30 or so I think)
They say that for them, Turkish people occupied their land
Even old simple Soviet Mi-8 is superior in its paraments.
Whoever described him like that should take a look at party leaders across Europe
This seems less embarrasing
Speaking of American games, I haven't understand why they are using round bats in baseball
Vittu
Free speech, though limited in cases of seperatism, is free speech here.
I remember - that Cinema was in Sony Center Berlin
I do not know much about shooting ranges but seems like they would be a fairly safe place, with responsible shooters, instructors, and safety considerations.
I'm not sure if it counts as in history, as he's still alive, but it's Alfrēds Rubiks, probably
If you want to get to know a local woman and have some time, just be a gentleman
In France, generally we kiss the cheeks of women co-workers to say hello
They're not foreigners, they're locals, although often not well-integrated.
Latvia is several times smaller than Moscow alone, the demand must be lower there.
Though we maek our "sour bread" with honey and call it sweet-sour bread
And so I'm constantly trying to figure out whether they are speaking English and I don't understand for some reason or German, and then I'm like "oh wait, Dutch".
Are we considered
The two are the first refugee couple that Latvia took in, with the husband working at the asylum centre as an interpreter.
Editorial from national media news portal.
You need to add a double line break (press Enter twice) for reddit to actually move it to the next line
Yes, this, absolutely this
In addition to the close relatives of Finnish (the Finnic languages), this name is also used in the Baltic languages Latvian and Lithuanian.
People pirate, because they want to get shit without paying
Latvian: Svētā Romas impērija
Damn, imagining just having your own island there
Cheapest way to get to Europe w/o going through U.S.?
Still I love my home
Damn, I wish you were Turkish so I could ask you was your capital Ankara or Antarctica?
Who yells through all the bus a quick thanks
Long story short
We started off with this one, but it quickly devolved in to a pain tolerance contest
Needs 550 thousand in the army before that though.
Or, probably, people agreeing to make random translations online
Don't take everything too seriously.
None of this would be a problem if you would just man up and stop pretending that the most powerful country in Europe can live in a pacifistic La La Land.
All That We Share - A video by Danish TV 2
answers to that will differ so widely from person to person that it's almost meaningless to ask
biggest economy, and so it also has the biggest interest for its nearby countries to not fucking die and go bankrupt since thats German markets where they make money
you are saying we won't have any more rainy days as well?
Somewhat of a defensive problem indeed, but those are still decent players in the defence line.
That part of older generation that looks back on it fondly do it because that's when they were young and everything is better when you're young
A new Swedish law entered into force last week that now gives refugees temporary right of residence for 3 years.
Up to this day Latgalians identify themselves as a distinct baltic ethnic group.
Pegging the currency means you're mostly giving up fiscal control though.
The countries with troops in Mali and Afganistan!?
People on minimum wage should try to rent below average price.
I am by no means elite, but this populist trend deeply worries me anyway.
But there is not potato in it, only rock.
You're not worried about it, even a little bit?
Afghanistan was not knee jerk reaction.
In addition to stipulations of non-aggression, the treaty included a secret protocol that divided territories of Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Finland, and Romania, into German and Soviet "spheres of influence"
Yes thank you that was exactly my point
) This, however, let the enraged parents come up with the wildest claims and no one could say anything to disprove it
We enjoy a bit of friendly rivalry with Estonia
Is being dependent on other countries for your basic needs independence
Seeing some of my coworkers' lunches and the state of the prepackaged sandwich shelves in shops, I beg to disagree
I'm not him, but I'll say that Latvia has no military-industrial base for the production of tanks or planes.
UK people don’t know right wing
NATO training in Baltics sounds like Erasmus for adults
Freezing <-15C, cold <0C, Chilly <10C, Nice <15C, warm <23C, otherwise hot
I love the pretty much free education tho
A couple of years ago black currant and cranberry flavored variations came out
For someone who grew up in a large area 700k city, that amount of people in that small of territory makes me anxious
How did Latvia became THAT
Inb4 booze cruises straight from Finland to Latvia.
Well, all my grandparents are dead and I don't have any uncles/aunts/cousins/siblings, so family gathering is whenever I visit my mom, I guess
Move towards either christening them or making them non-believers altogether.
Knife wielding drunks
Where are you from
Worst case scenario, you may just be denied entry and forced to take a return flight to USA.
The only thing I could mention is that while watching it all happen from my window, firefighters came in last
My city, Ventspils, has a different dialect then rest of the country
Went to Palanga this summer in some on one of the hottest weekends, it was crouded as fuck, but the receptionist at the camp site spoke decent latvian and there was a nice boardwalk, so I rate 8/10.
It's much darker in Sweden than US
I've been thinking about exploring the Baltic States for quite a long time, only managed to visit Lithuania.
Officially Estonia agrees to change the legal border (as Latvia already did).
Only for girls through 5th to 7th grade
It definitely seems like a northern/eastern Europe thing...there are basically none in Iberia.
It should be renamed ''list of countries that are convenient to hate for Putin at this moment, might change every 5 minutes depending on circumstances and corruption''
For example there is Mārupe and Jaunmārupe
the % of bulgarians is the lowest compared to ALL eastern european countries on your foggy island.
So, there is not really a need for it
There are some pretty important in Baltic words in Finnish language which are essentially same also in Lithuanian or Latvian like: kirves - axe, seinä - wall and metsä - forest.
Then a day or two later media caught up to it and sensationalised a bit, authorities pointed out they see no connection with actual suecidal teen cases and child safety people got to talk about their cause - generally it all was on "let's be safe just in case" level.
And politicians don't really reflect the mood of the country that well.
I'm sorry, dear Latvians, I just couldn't resist.
Ironically, the Swedish occupation in Latvia is regarded fondly and the Russian Empire is when it all went (back) to shit
Jeans and citric-acid
κάτι τρέχει στα γύφτικα
Today in Romania the average salary is higher than in Russia.
Finland still maintains massive military, biggest artillery force in Northern Europe and full on conscription for all of its males age 18+, and its no secret towards who its all aimed at
It's not about evil Russians resenting Latvia and secretly wishing Russia took over.
more or less fine
It uses the word "tauta", which has ethnic and linguistic connotations
Does this include laptops
What about that Michiel de Ruyter film
For Latvia it’s when the tzar times broke up and we got independence for like a few years and made a stable country, but then the USSR formed and we were part of the Russians again
Very few people are moving to Latvia, in 2013 there were just under 50k permanent residents from outside the EU, most of these from Russia.
The rule of the Germans seems to them to be the lesser of two evils."[13] This perspective resulted in part from the Soviet occupation between 1940 and 1941, called "The Year of Terror" (Latvian: Baigais gads) during which tens of thousands of Latvian families were executed or deported to Siberia with men separated from the women and children to break down resistance.
founded on the 18th of November, 1918 :)
Out of two totalitarian regimes murdering those of our people that didn't suit their ideologies and coercing our men to fight each other, which were the good guys?
It's alternative name for Livonia, I doubt Lithuania is included
Most people outside of Sweden know her for her books about Pippi Longstocking
We may be a puppet state but I'm fine with that
Second you could learn Lithuanian as it is one of the IE languages the changed least and is closest Baltic language to old Prussian.
Personaly something showing up in TV shop is strong reason to never consider buying it - everything in those ads seems so gimmicky, stupid and overpriced
Vast majority of places have budged spots (completely free) + paid spots that you can choose to apply for (and pay for) if your grades, from grade school, ware not good enough to compete with others for the budget spots (best grades gets first spot, second best grades gets second spot and so on until all the budget spots are taken).
Our culture is sort of two-fold.
To be fair Lithuania was doing very well when Ignalina was still working and in Latvia Daugava really is a pretty big river.
If you completely exclude victims of all other ethnicities then yes, it was most certainly a genocide.
Or everyone is working and prepearing a well constructed response, rather than an emotion driven one.
I know
Politically, well, I dislike tax havens that essentially survive and thrive on the basis of fucking over the rest of us economically, but, they don't seem to be going anywhere
First of all I would like to see the list because I suspect bullshit
The Singing Revolution sort of stems from the song festivals, which started in Estonia in 1869 and in Latvia in 1873, and was later adopted in Lithuania in 1924.
Only Poland and Czech republic.
That's an important cultural aspect, willingness to help and to chat isn't the same thing.
Why the fuck are we (Lithuanians, also Estonians and Latvians) showed as part of USSR?
Even if they overthrow Putin - whatever replaces him will still think that we are Nazis and Crimea will not be returned to Ukraine
IIRC the whole idea was that Aesti were Balts, not Estonians, and therefore could have had name related to Indoeuropean root meaning East, so that's the same theory
] He got there due to being "recognized by his superiors for his work in pursuing, arresting, and liquidating Russian sailors after the Bolshevik suppression of the Kronstadt rebellion in March 1921".
How can you have common European army if EU doesn't have common foreign policy (which would require extreme centralization), common taxation, common energy policies?
Then we had a funny scandal because of that 1-2 years ago with implication that no one has the right to demand knowledge of Russian for a job
No matter where he goes, Douglas Murray always appears to be the smartest man in the room.
I suppose it is ever more shadowy organizations controlling the leaders of the previous organizations
If that's so, it could be solved (not easily, mind you) by education and reducing income inequality.
Putting flags next to country named : Cool
(hopo's' ipit gopoiping)
But as much as I dislike Trump, he has not currently done anything to warrant a comparison to Hitler.
Albert Heijn in the Netherlands used to sell/give away a special key chain with an AH coin that fits in their carts
Lol do Latvians also have this obsession with blonde hair?
Next thing to learn — now to swim
All this half-assed attempt at a compromise does is show how deluded these politicians are.
A beautiful country, the towns look nice
There hasn't been a huge movement of destroying those symbols, but still, they got removed from the government at least.
Regular Latvians from outside of Latgale region understand it only a little better than Lithuanian
is a bucket
It was Вышинский who then asked to include Latvia in the USSR.
Also went to a self service car wash the other day and left with a thick layer of ice on my car because everything freezes almost instantly in this weather
Its the opposite of going in sauna and being embraced by the heat, maybe I am just a weirdo.
Of course, I would love a united Baltic country
You even say that negotiation and dialogue training of European police is not about policing, whereas I would say those are the primary tools of the police, and something every cop should be expected to do regularly, while at the same time the expectation should be that most cops (SWAT-like special units aside) don't even pull their weapons in the course of their career.
Kūkas (literally: "cakes", however, in a dialect it means "spirits of the bog")
I want my children to be proud of the small, rich Latvia they live in.
If they understand Europe is not actually a country and are knowingly talking or asking in a general way, that's okay.
Like there a bunch of useless demonstration against "Issue X"
We do things based on general principle, not in a purely utilitarian way.
Yes, I was raised to change when getting home, I buy fleece jackets and sweatpants for this
So 17...18, if you count the Vatican, and 20 (take away UK, add England, Wales, Scotland) if you count the constituent countries of the UK (though I don't think that's fare)
That's almost as early as France was founded!
I rhought BMW stereotype was only in Latvia :)
I’d say that it would be Sweden
It's just that a fair bit of people I know hate it because of past experience
I believe this was tried in USSR if you want to research the various issues involved .....
In public discourse, they're all often just called Russians.
Perfect: 10-20 C
First one is easy to combat - pretty much bash to death every mosque that even squeals a peep of extremism associated with traditional Muslim beliefs (yes, that means looking at Islam and seriously criticizing it, an action many Europeans are afraid to do), the second one - impossible.
That depends on the municipality.
He was tapping along to faster pieces, sometimes even conducting along; visibly moved by the slower pieces and just generally obviously loving it
Did I told you to go back to school or something?
Probably Kosovo, Latvia and Montenegro.
In Donbas war artillery accounts for 80-90% casualties, not tanks or infantry firearms.
I am so tired of this endless anti-gun propaganda.
I don't think they're a majority on any regional level though
You dont need religion to treat women as property and raped women as damaged goods.
I have seen American forces cheered in Vilnius, and never heard or read one word of resentment in Latvia about them.
yeah, well it's quite naive to think EU and USA will be friends forever......similar ideologies and views of life aside, everyone fights for his own.
I do visit my friends and family and make some dentist appointments there once a year
yeah, the system is very chaotic but i think the most popular surnames end with -iņš -iņa (diminutive) and are weirdly very nature based
Wales is part of the UK tho
You're exaggerating, cursive is quite common, but it's not unusual to use printed letters and it's often required when filling out forms.
Because it wasn't. When people think about communism, they think the USSR or Warsaw Pact, and compared to that, Yugoslavia was a paradise
We haven't had any in the last 20 years.
Well, I'm not 30 yet and I can afford a house.
To be fair, Juan Carlos sounds much better than John Charles
Previously, families would sometimes be asked to consent and sometimes donation wouldn't proceed if the family objected, because the donor's choice wasn't legally binding.
Exactly that kind of thing - all the Baltic peoples have eachother’s backs and we recognise that we’re all in pretty similar positions after the history of the last 100 years or so
Similar developments are taking place in the very powerful Riga municipality, where the rather corrupt mayor has been ousted (funnily enough, the former mayor has now lost a court case against an oposition politician who had called him the face of corruption)
Once a year for dentist (fix things if there anything to fix) and once a year for hygenist (to deep clean)
Is there a version without captions
This is the essence of the Red Terror
What I meant by poorer is that they have less expendable income today than they did in 2014(@eqviv.
atleast for a year for Latvia`s 100th birthday!
In my country all movies have subtitles in Latvian and Russian
Generally South America is up for a good time and wowzers Mexico there is only one reason to invent tequila
Hey now
I also thought of *eastern European* countries like Latvia, Estonia,..
An EU citizen is an EU citizen, it doesn't matter where you live now, you have the right to live, work and study in any EU country.
Farming in a field with a German baron yelling at me
no need for a call, did you forget that NSA spies on her?
People of NATO countries (especially Latvia, Estonia and Poland) – do your government and mass media spread propaganda against Russia?
There's no official cause yet, but people suspect a gas leak explosion
Its just a walled town
Think of it as of "national personality" and it's part of every member
Regular Latvians from outside of Latgale region understand it only a little better than Lithuanian
Just a decade ago the first Pride was recieved by protestors throwing actual shit to gays.
To lessen government spending and not loose efficiency of this day
1) Ok, so do you think that the economies of countries like Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Cyprus, Malta etc etc will ever be comparable in size to Germany's?
True independence is impossible, because it would require a national self sufficiency
Cannot blame you for having a slightly different idea because a lot has changed recently in this regard.
Before the change we had one of the more valuable currencies at 0.70 LVL=1 EUR so it wasn't that big of a change.
Winter In Latvia - Life In Riga
* most land in Latvia back then was owned by [Baltic German nobles] and Latvians were used as labor
To me your friends story sounds like standard procedure for citizen of another country immigrating, here we have a case of a stateless person who has lived in the country for at least three decades.
I don't think we really have stereotypes about most of the European countries.
I'm 19M and I had a lot of female friends and my bff is female
The problem is, we are too different and the EU is too far away emotionally.
Cold -25-0
What's your opinion on Latvian Song and Dance Festival parade?
I'm from Latvia
If they wish so, and can govern themselves, and coexist peacefullly in an international framework, why not?
I was searching for this comment lol
They just didn't make nearly enough of them, so the standard was scrapped and they went to the old shitty ones
10 years ago there were a couple hundred black people living in the country, most of them foreign.
Common Law is supposedly one of the factors which made us (arguably) more advanced than the rest of Europe for centuries, there is a lot of scholarship around it.
I cannot support clever, intelligent people being squandered to dig a hole in Ādaži forest.
It differs a lot between the countries what "reserve personnel" means.
So clearly based on "facts as they happened to me", democracy is way worse then communism.
I hope unemployed dose not mean homeless too.
Why should you be the EU's special snowflake?
As is ours, it was suspended in '34 and reinstated in '90 partially and '93 fully
Just a thought of that was unimanginable in 90ties and extremely unlikely even 10 years ago.
Plus I know this sort of thought experiments, next question is what if you have to kill them yourself, which most peole refuse, but then it's pointed out that it's the same exact thing, you're still killing peole even, if someone else acts according to your choices
And what about Bulgarians/Romanians?
Awesome, I hate cold :D
I think by now all you're doing is extending the problem.
Most of Latvia's renewable energy comes from hydroelectric dams
This particular song because you asked of a national instrument - the strings you hear at the beginning is one of our traditional instruments [kokle] (pronounced kuokle)
Birth rates are steadily increasing, and as the economy improves emigration decreases and some emigrants come back.
I mean, I'm probably as active on /r/russia as I am in /r/ukraina which is not a lot...
Rape of Europe or a Petri Cup Continent
I still have that image of Paris in my mind and I’m not going to Paris to keep it that way
Still dislike rusophobic Latvians tho.
Itself borrowed to Latvian from the now-extinct Livonian.
Well, we were the ones oppressed, so not really awkward from my side
Same shit in Latvia
Just go to an cosplay and meet with weeaboos and ask do they feel closer to japanese or Lithuanians, or some other baltic country...
The Eiffel Tower would be getting blown up instead of the Statue of Liberty.
Ah, doh - you're correct of course, although it's not that common anymore (last example I could find when Estonia and Latvia were definitely icebound was ['10-'11] - map shows maximum extent of ice); I guess I'm still living in the cold war!
I'm saying there will be a way for countries that were (re)born out of the collapse of the Soviet Union to have allegiance to both Russia and the European Union which will benefit and please both.
Gas ovens and stoves are the best
So unless you want to make +- the same mistake UK and France did in WW2, Western countries should care what Russia is doing.
Riga's tourism website had [this]
I'm glad someone gave you a more comprehensive answer
You actually can, put slashes before the ( )
Bonus points if you can make a joke you have to know two languages for!
What did Serbian actions did
SARS immunity was at most 6 months after recovery
Indeed, when I see others write on paper, it's cursive (except when print is required), but I can easily fail to notice how many others write, looking at someone's handwriting is not that common anymore.
And we did this ourselves over the years, no blaming anyone else.
Soon You may be able to photograph also the Baltics
I thought our national food was gray peas, but here we are, talking about bean salad ;-;
The main event is on the 24th, you would normally go and visit family on the 25th and 26th
In Latvia, when people think we speak Russian
It doesnt look to good now does it
The clarification helps, but others are right.
Latvians see the USSR as a time of suffering loss and repression because we were occupied by it, but many Russians want it back because they want to regain the power and glory they once had as a country
If they lived somewhere in Eastern Europe they would probably be picked on for being Gypsies or something.
It does exist
Germany and France would be top positions
And furthermore most Latvians probably dislike all those things that the new Ukrainian government dislikes as well.
I dunno about Latvia, but in Poland export grew in 90s.
Only the Dutch have sandwiches
A "pull your weight ir gtfo" approach would completely diminish the point of NATO right now.
Idiots are everywhere
is not of importance comrade....blame the Latvians to be sure
Both would be really happy
A criminal investigation has begun
Over here oyster sauce is widely available in the Asian section in any semi-decent store
Nordic countries got rich by those pesky "leftist" policies
1 - Latvia, five or six weeks mostly over weekend trips, plus lived there for a week.
It’s like a national summer pastime
Imagine for a moment that you're the Ukraine, or Estonia, or Latvia.
As for other locations, Vienna
As for Georgian riches in soviet times, That money still went to Communist party officials.
From now on I only get up if the bus is completely full and the person really looks like they have difficulty standing
I'd say it's spot on, except for Denmark, witch has a stereotype of very expensive chairs.
Even if it's just to say that you're okay with the current ruling party, it says something.
But Finno-Ugric languages are a big wtf - it's like listening to aliens speaking.
Whereas for them it seems like there is no perception about it other than stereotypes, we actually both interact with Russians and live in comparable conditions.
getting freedom then getting occupied by ussr then by Nazis then by ussr
1 in 10-15k(And those were the most optimistic numbers) of those "refugees" had ties with ISIS
We almost had our own "civil" war here like in Finland, but due to other factions involved Baltic Germans and Estonians - Latvians didn't have to fight among themselves.
I approve this new addition of land to our glorious country.
Riga has zero decent concert halls to be labelled national concert hall
Oh for sure, there were emergency services, firefighters and cops all around
I can't recall a single Russian speaking minister.
We already have a split society.
For Germany, of course
Oh jeez, I feel you
In your model, Denmark is in North, but Latvia which is almost entirely north of Denmark is in East
In latvia, we have the regular qwerty keyboard, but for letters like ā, š or ļ ect
Beds and kitchen systems are way too expensive and doesn't justify prices
Not saying the sound necessarily reminds a Slavic language, but it's just more complicated if compared to the relatively melodic Latvian.
oh, what's that - the crazy nazi baltic states have no populism to speak of?
Yeah, after more violence, which might as well be far more severe, very encouraging for the victim
I love the sound of thunder
Lutefisk
It doesn't get any more human then that.
Hot 25-30
He's from America so thinking of it that way I'm sure we can agree that if an average American engineer moved to Latvia and became an average Latvian engineer they would be quite shocked at how much poorer they would be
With beer like ours, why would we even look elsewhere?
My favorite was the Kebab burger with chilly sauce
The last native speaker died a while back but there have been efforts to revive it recently
Then there's Russia with roughly the same population as Japan
Not everything branded racism, sexism or homophobia is truly it - hurt feelings are trumping real racism cases.
* [Jacob Kettler]
Maybe she knew and wanted to fall in
You don't have a chance of doing that when your reasoning is basically "we'd like to stay for longer".
Is this a list of countries with common sense
Liberal democracy
I’m pretty sure there’s an island in Estonia almost exclusively populated by the Sàmi
Poland sends a letter to Latvia during World War II..
Fast internet in cities has absolutely nothing to do with the government, same as education quality and jobs, it's basic economy, you can pay 100k to do something that covers 10k people(city) or pay 100k to cover 100 people(rural), which one are you going to do as a business/government.
Next you're gonna tell us that the communists burned down the Reichstag.
Also gopniks, and 12 year old gangsters going around with scooters
We've had some rough seasons recently, but other than that we're pretty good, dare I say.
What about “blackout”? Someone does couple of squats and then someone else takes a scarf or a jacket sleeve and applies moderate pressure to their neck area untill they pass out
I think it is quite popular but not too often used by teenagers 14-18 years old and young adults too
Estonians, Latvians, and Lithuanians are still mostly described in the Danish public sphere as criminal gangs.
Can always google about places
They invaded/annexed Crimea and got the sanctions.
Latvia
They cannot explicitly force you to do it, nor is it forbidden by law to have such a sticker
Everything is cheaper
On other hand when it comes to things that are not simmilar it either flies over your head or seems weird.
Over here oyster sauce is widely available in the Asian section in any semi-decent store
I couldn't find any sort of ceremonial re-transfer of authority after independence from the USSR, so I think that in effect, the sovereign authority over it were just transferred to the respective Baltic delegations that the US [recognized as holding sovereign power of the state]#Diplomacy):
i... i cant talk about this anymore
[They even held a referendum in 2012] whether to include Russian as official language.
> Yeah
It was only well after finishing school that I learned that at least now you apparently can learn more fun stuff with boys instead, if you push for it, apparently it now vounts as single subject with 'textile' or 'woodworking' group choice, instead of being stright up sexist
Army announced Thursday that it will deploy about 4,000 soldiers from 3rd Armored Brigade Combat Team to Europe in winter in support of Operation Atlantic Resolve - to help deter possible Russian aggression.[23] The brigade will arrive in Poland and will fan out across the continent, one battalion with M1 Abrams tanks will cover the Baltic region of Estonia and Latvia, while another will operate in Germany.
Similar idea here
Why, Baden-Württemberg, of course.
They probably just meant that pickup is somewhat a stereotypical American car since it's not that common in Europe, a cowboy is usually understood to be a stock character in Westerns
And while your at it here were the policies in place for
Not surprising my country out of all 3 would have the most porn stars, ofcourse we are the most depressed, we have the worst education system, and those Estonians and Lithuanians are saying their life is shit
I'm sure most people who stay at a 5-star hotel wouldn't change their plans for 2 Euro a day.
Don't lie, there are plenty of jobs which you can't get in Riga if you simply have a Russian name.
America's on the wrong side /s
Yeah I've seen a lot of people (including me) wear them here
For me I'd say that written latgalian is mostly understandable but spoken is like 90% complete gibberish
if you are forced to fight, are you also part of that philosophy
I've been on this Earth for far less time than you, but I'm sure that you will make the right choice
In my language, and in most other countries I know, "Asian" instead usually refers to East Asians, that is the region you mentioned.
They're testing us again to see how we'll react
By denying climate change, by fighting political oppositions, supporting dictatorships, how?
Oh, no, you're definitely right.
Our capital or at least parts of it should have Russian language zoning though.
I was in Venice again this summer and it was pretty empty.
Russians are actually quite different from all other Slavs.
They got a few names and translations right, better than some other shows, but that's it
The thing is that they can start a war, it doesn't take much, they probably can't win, but that doesn't mean they understand that, especially, if they're eating up their own propaganda
It definitely means they know Russian.
txt
But in general look at what it says about cultures you know well - in general at yellow end you've got East Asians which reportedly are extremly formal and polite, at red end you've got Slavic, Latin and Sub-Saharan cultures which are usually described as very social and emotionally expressive and on blue end you've mostly got Germanic cultures that mostly seem to be considered cold and precise, so it would suggest that Czechs and Latvians also are like that, but the former are a bit more warmer and friendlier and the later are a bit more into following rules and behaving good
Why do I find it hard to believe Estonia is suddenly Western Europe tier here, ahead of Slovenia, Czech Republic or even UK and strongly ahead of Latvia and Lithuania?
France is the same name, some people are just slow at learning how to say f
I've met a few, they're extremelly respectful towards locals and are a nice bunch.
(Don't get mad, there are people over here that do that, too
Well, there's this one time some foreigners rolled into the country with tanks, then killed and imprisoned many locals.
I started my political career because I hated that somebody takes decisions on my behalf without asking me.
Well I was just rather surprised, plus I guess I didn't get the meaning of italicized text.
This is not mean as sarcasm or negativity.
The 'translatable' Latvian ones are hardly used for people born in Post-Soviet era
-Saami
But Latvians and Lithuanians are not Slavic, Estonians are not even Indo-European...
Thanks
A gang of five well-armed people robbed a casino.
Latvia isn’t finally next to Russia, so i’d call that an upgrade
God, forbid I would ever walk home intoxicated with those lights on.
France, anywhere coastal, I don't think I could live without the sea
Finland - Somija
No taxation without representation!!!
Do Estonians and Latvians consider themselves much more closely related culturally than to Lithuanians?
In the US there are apparently other factors contributing to the weakness of third parties - all of them are basically insignificant - but I don't feel confident guessing what those factors may be.
A card without a PIN is more or less equivalent to a swipe-only card without a chip.
Your children get the "irrevocable part" of inheritance, and you can only disinherit them if they committed a serious crime against you (like tried to kill you), and a few even more special circumstances - if they tried to prevent you from writing a will, if they signed a contract with somebody else involving their eventual inheritance without your consent, or in the vague case where your children "have led a wasteful or corrupt life", which in practice means they must have a significant history of trouble.
And I'll never understand wtf is a middle name
What could possibly go wrong
As you can see [here]#/media/File:2014_Gini_Index_World_Map,_income_inequality_distribution_by_country_per_World_Bank.svg) Latvia is much more equal than Russia, which more than makes up for the small difference in the per capita GDP.
I want hot summer
Sure - it's more comparable to sneaking into cinema or concert hall without paying
Which so weird, cause the Italians had the best rifles in WWI, they started standardising on an excellent rifle for both infantry and cavalry, which was new
Soviets invaded Poland, so what you are saying is blatantly false
> Well, sometimes bikers seem to feel like THEY are the ones sitting in a 2 ton truck, industructible by human means
thats why all our history books are from the perspective that germans were assholes that conquered our tribespeople for really no reason
No matter who rules over Russia - they all think that Latvia must be annexed to Russia
I looked at the weather forecast for that day and it said 24°C. Nothing special
We will not move politically towards Russia in any case.
Which if you think about it the cars aren't the same, the regulation,preference for car and emission standards are different
> These units were still ran by Nazis
And London Gatwick
8 degrees cause I’m so used to the cold weather that I’d die of heatstroke
Same in Latvian
One of my history teachers once said that something realy becomes history after 50 years have passed
It sort of correct to us, but I really expected better from Albanians...
United Arab Emirates file a complaint against Latvia for disrespecting islamic traditions by ''undressing'' the ambassador
Wealthfare model from the Nordic countries and a stable nordic government with no corruption and a vision for the future
I think Putin's Bitches was Pre-Maidan stereotype.
I, being a native, can barely pronounce it
The older people probably don't even know  system since it came here  rather recantly from english language
I'm not sure
I know it's not current, and it probably doesn't count as a foreign movie about the Netherlands but it seemed somewhat international, production-wise
It's always good to have more information before forming your opinion.
If you haven't scanned, you get 30eur fine on the spot
We all know your opinion
The context **for the symbol** obviously is nationalist - but the fact is, like it or not, Latvia is way more nationalistic and into traditional, neo-pagan symbols than the rest of Europe.
Ohh Ich liebe beide Major Tom-Versionen, und Der Komissar
Poverty and alcohol
If Eesti can be of Scandinavia, what abouts Latvias
Well it depends on each person, I always refer to Latvia as Eastern Europe because I have noticed it makes more sense to group us with EE countries for economic, cultural, linguistic, historical reasons and so on
Not much more than can be gained by googling, so here are some links:
So wait, the loophole is that if you just rotate forces, it isn't ''permanent stationing'' ?
I live about 100meters from that building so yeah, first time experiencing something so crazy and unexpected, considering it happened at 1:20am
Now I use it anyway, I just need to get myself an air humidifier because my skin is drying out from the AC dehumidifying the house
So basically your everyday medieval shit
There are quotes that describe man, ones that describe groups and then there are ones that resonate through the whole nation.
There is no need for Russians to have goodwill against us - it would neither fit their internal propaganda, nor is there any point otherwise.
But in some parts of Germany - it's apparently not necessary - why
We learnt cursive and then moved to the UK and no one could read my handwriting because they cnt read cursive
Living in denial like Ukraine does now will not get it anywhere...
Everybody knows there is no sex in marriage so I don't see a problem with my reasoning
It's just a part of negotiations.
For someone who grew up in a large area 700k city, that amount of people in that small of territory makes me anxious
The state language in the Latvian Republic is Latvian
Hah were ahead of you in something after all!
[Here on YouTube you can see a short video] highlighting some absurd claims in regards of a particular propaganda broadcast related to Latvia some years ago
This is why countries exist, because we each have our own values and traditions
Refugees are supposed to be provided asylum - safety.
There is lot of controversy of using white models in marketing in Africa and Asia.
I recognize the Holocaust, I recognize the human suffering, but I also plead for understanding that the crimes against humanity of the Soviets against peoples other than Germans cannot be excused.
It is a common trait in Baltics
It's a bit more than I'd like, but then I remember the -20 we're probably going to get in January and all of a sudden I'm good with this
Yeah, all of those mentioned are good countries
They're everywhere here
You will be welcome then, as our government holds the view of Švejk:
Latvia is an independent country and doesn't needs anyone's permission.
That being said, school was the only place where I used that skill
This is unusual only because it’s like that now
Do you speak Russian
As a Canadian, I wish I could fly to Denmark get off the plane and say fuck you I'm staying with no papers......
A hole-in-the-ground in place of a toilet was the least surprising - we had the same during Soviet times in public toilets.
what about that island though
Likewise, most politicians grew up under the Soviet regime, and despite all of that, we have a fairly functional, if not very effective, democracy.
As a foreigner who last visited Vienna 6 years ago, and other Austrian cities even longer ago than that, I would say the Hofburg or Karlskirche were the two buildings I associate most with Austria
Estonia - *cough* Igaunija *cough*
Even if it comes to nuclear weapons, nobody wants to end their entire existence.
12-13th century, during the northern crusade
I think they have vastly different cultures
to achieve numbers like that, you would need to reintroduce conscription........and yeah, people are not OK with EU army even as a concept right now, they sure as hell wont be OK with being forced to serve in it against their will.
Some places opt for some form of legal route that doesn't label it as marriage
Those that survived the purges in 1937 came back to Latvia in 1940 alongside the Soviet Army to start the occupation.
Parisians will be pissed off anyway, no matter what you do.
I mean, the EU institutions already have hundreds of professional interpreters and translators who have reached mother tongue level at their target language and are almost perfect at understanding and translating everything that is spoken.
Plus barely any Latgalians move to other parts of the country, even Riga
Sad of course, but then again it was sort of expected
But in a very friendly way, no matter where I would find a fellow from the Baltics, I would instantly feel a good connection
Poland is like China of Europe when it comes to groceries, as such it's usually branded goods by multinational cooperations or unprocessed agricultural products that are imported from Poland without advertising the fact much (there was a funny video several years ago, where salespeople at market claim everyone has Polish strawberies, except for them)
I still love my country but sadly there just isn’t as many job opportunities as I would like and the government is quite corrupt ,and it just looks like they are milking the county for their own interest and don’t care about the people
He reminds me of myself when, while drunk, I discreetly moved bar mat closer to myself, rolled it slowly and put it in my jacket while talking to friends
He still doesn't understand that the annexation of Crimea and his imprisonment have the same roots
You know that Latvians and Russians often have a natural hatred between them, not me personally but most of my family hates Russians for example
Russia has some cool nature and all
- Do you mean Lithuania
to fuck her
We can take the Greeks as refugees, long as you don't push Orthodoxy or your food on us ;)
Are you promising to sell EU nations to Russia?
In school, we also study German, and I don’t understand a single word
There is an article at anti-Russian news site meduza.
It's not a Latvian operation (and I agree that Latvians and the whole Baltics can be quite overboard).
Yes, Latvian has a lot of German influence in it's language.
And forgot all the hardcore names such as:
Is that the origin of your username
People, who were involved with the Communists are disliked here, so we don't have them in the open
I know in Latvia they are building the Baltic Rail to unite the Baltics with central Europe and I've definitely heard about train projects all over Europe to connect to the bigger countries
If you are unmarried and sit on the corner of the table you are not going to get married for the next 7 years
Why would NATO troops be taking part in active military operations there?
Džon mejd iz vej tu a tāvern frū da dork fārest, onlī tu faind aut det hī forgāt da mānij
because, you know, Russia is right there and its such a ''good'' and ''friendly'' neighbor
They found the guy like after 15 minutes
It is amazing how 1 person is destroying more than half a century long relationships between countries.
"Sasodīts" is what a Ned Flanders character would say, something along the lines of "gosh darn it". In no way is it similar to actual speech patterns of real people
1011 - tūkstoš vienpadsmit
A friend of mine pronounced queue as "kveevoo".
Where I am going to get new inspiration now that the Russians don't look after their songs?
the politics and minimum wage are fucked up
I've been researching about this for a while however most universities have high tuition fees for non-EU citizens.
Especially considering you will earn signficiantly less in Latvia than in these coutnries.
meanwhile most of Russian cities look like shit
I can't imagine what it takes for Russians to be out on the streets of Moscow protesting
I dont have a problem with cold weather but my cars doors were frozen shut at -19C which is annoying
I did, and thank you, I just couldn't resist from adding a bit of subreddit-drama :)
Right
Well it wouldn't surprise me, because of the strong USA air force.
Seems like your xenophobes don't discriminate between different flavors of *other*.
As for the limited exchange, I think that is a realistic scenario.
I really think that the holiday is the one i look most forward to
Cesspit including those
It's just my lack of potatoes, komrad.
We have the same in Latvia
He is compensating for the rest of the Finnish population.
Coming from a country that is completely unknown even in many places in Europe (mistaken for Lithuania at best), when traveling further abroad I would always carry a small map with my country highlited and its name written in their language.
Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong
Some of the most funny memes I have seen in my life were Latvian
It's really sucks to play unpolished table, but substitutes for the acid were kinda lame and really hard to find at least for a few years
Pretty awesome in my book
A lot of hypocrites here
Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Greece, Cyprus, Montenegro, Kosovo, Slovenia, Austria, Slovakia, Germany, Italy, San Marino, Vatican, Malta, Portugal, Spain, Andorra, Monaco, France, Belgium, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Ireland all use only Euro and for the sake of simplicity I'd exchange into Euros.
Man the Latvians really like Austria considering all those Austrian flags there :^)
But there are a couple more places that are less visited but interesting.
Because when you expect a certain amount at a certain day every week/month, then I call it "rent" no matter where the money goes after
Might be used as a way describing an idiot
There is Latvian dark bread if I'm not mistaken.
Not sure about the pronounciation, since I haven't really met many people who would speak it as a foreign language
Kinda funny, since this constitution was applied in 1922 but in 1934 we became a dictatorship
*Chuckles* I'm in danger
IDK about Latvia, but Lithuania's 3.7 is without Soviet army and stuff.
Russian is cool too, it has a gigantic vocabulary
nobudy has ever said it wasnt , it was part of SS of course it was
One that comes to mind is "riktīgs" (Latvian meaning true, proper), coming from *richtig*. You could say
>This power distribution, and the way it is supported, is what defines capitalism
Anyway the difference between Latvia and Lithuania is that while Latvia was under German rule (up until XX century), Lithuania managed to have a country of its own.
Nice job nevertheless, especially Turkey.
* Jānis Rudzutaks was a [member of the Politburo] and was thought to be one of the candidates for Chairmanship
Its not for West but for Russia.
When we voted whether to join the EU in 2003, the "yes" vote was higher among younger voter groups.
Now historical figures who aren't Latvian but are still widely known in the nation
Vidzeme: 90% of the land is taken by national parks
Fuuck I just want normal snow again
~~Four twenty nineteen~~ Four twenty ten nine
the Baltic States and Poland, and refuting it that ''you sell yourselves to everyone'' is a hilariously deflective statement.
Non-German here
Latvians are people who are born in Latvia and/or grew up there, they may not speak Latvian like it or not.
Why not then just drain the whole baltic sea
Riga atm
I used to bike across the border all the time, sometimes even several times a day because the shops were better in the Netherlands.
In East Ribbentrop is not seen as warmonger but as a German who sold us out in shady dealings with Russians.
A Japanese or Vietnamese person is a foreigner, but a Swede with Vietnamese roots is a Swede, a German with Chinese roots is German.
Meanwhile Estonia is trying to crash your party and we're constantly dragging him away so he don't embarrass himself even more
It's not particularly weird if you just think of it as a part of Soviet Union that never changed.
and then you say: damn Latvia really is a small place
Both are dicks and think that they can get their message through by terrorising others and posting it on social media
In Paris, local resistance were the first to engage occupation forces in combat, before the arrival of proper military.
Also I was paying for all of that, therefore I thought I have no reasons to google them
A Latvian journalist from US actually sneaked in Afghanistan to make a movie about their fight against our common oppressor, and tried to convince to release Latvian POW's.
My step sister did the same thing - moved to France after higschool
* Jānis Rudzutaks was a [member of the Politburo] and was thought to be one of the candidates for Chairmanship
[Baltic Assembly]
It's the same mental disease that conspiracy theorists have.
A small reference in an article on wikipedia doesn't indicate that anyone cries about anything.
Conservatives right wing, LOL
Because there are not enough translated resources
That might not even be the case:
And that long route through Poland won't be a lot of fun, either especially between Wroclaw and Lodz and then Warsaw to Bialystok.
This is easily explained: Latvians don't know how to speak properly.
You mean liberal wet Boris
I would say though that not prioritizing ends over means is also a large part of what our (Western, especially European) societies are based on.
Schlieffen
I wonder how many of those jurisdictions acknowledge Creative Commons.
Southern Europe pretends they are too grown up for this eg Italy, Spain, Greece
But due to political pressure, no president has ever decided to be very active in state policy.
Meanwhile here I am knowing Latvian and bits and pieces of Finnish...
Latgaliešu (Latgalian)
With such huge difference in wages and value of currency it will loose huge chunk of it's productive population and the big chunk of the rest of the economy will be based on remittances (which according to EU double taxation laws can't be taxed in Ukraine)
And i thought my country elected some stupid people in European parliament.
There's polish sections in tesco evert ere and there's many Polish shops
they call it [''Russian world''] see myself out now....
So much singing, we have a festival for that every 5 years
As far as I know there is shortage of qualified engineers.
Whistling indoors is bad luck
If not, when are you willing to send the nukes?
But since you probably just want to listen to music, it used to be [Tik un tā]
A more hardcore version was holding your hands in fists and rapping the knuckles
*Sorts by controversial*
There is empathy, but there is less will to go around and pick up issues to be distraught over.
How anyone can think there's any way it will be better after Brexit is baffling
I dispise more than that corrupt demagogue.
Latvia came up in this subreddit, so I was curious what it has to offer.
If you dont close the door she will say:
Is this because of history book
Anything that is not past Russia's Europe to the East
In latvian showel is Lāpsta, pronounce- Laapsta
For example Ireland has the same colouring as England, we all know that English is spoken by 95%+ natively there, but English doesn't have status of an official language.
So what makes anyone think that after getting rid of this dictator there finally be liberal democracy in Russia and not something much worse than Putin
Not as cool as it's backstory though
Jesus, talk about being a traitor.....
Even europe could outproduce russia.
The interpretation is for those newly arriving who do not immediately get asylum.
Same for Latvian
I think around 100 people maybe speak it to a reasonable degree
We don't dislike Riga, I believe
A Briton, a Russian and a Latvian are flying in a plane when it suddenly starts losing altitude.
Latvian, Lithuanian and Estonian: USSRentry.
Fuck, I'd watch that TV series.
When we have a good arsenal, put the nuclear tipped missiles on a hair trigger in Estonia, Latvia and Poland.
Then it happened again, and after not too long, once more.
I don't like when I need to spend time to figure out what's going on before I can even begin playing, so I almost always pick early starts with relatively small nations.
Like saying "Politbiuro much generous" when friend got a raise in his job.
Thanks
If somebody says hi to you, you assume they know you somehow and then spend the rest of the day thinking, who they were
There is no way Latvian has more vowels than Estonian, it looks like they're counting long vowels as separate phonemes for Latvian, but not for Estonian, which in fact has three distinct vowel lengths.
The definition is provided lower down the thread by /u/19me I fully agree with that.
many other countries did not, such as Poland or Czechoslovakia, Soviets didn't even want to contemplate these places not being under iron fist of Moscow
Officially, in all the [maps] we are shown as speaking in the Samogitian dialect but that is simply not true, from my own point of view, It's kind of like Lithuanian mixed with some Latvian.
What happens when you want to buy carved elephant tusk from the black market?
</sarcasm>
Well it makes me crazy anyway
After several skips you might get administrative due - money fine or public works
Could use a bike but i'd get run over, and if i didnt someone would steal it
Latgale / Letigallia
Don't know about EU, but Germany will recover faster, because they are umh...
I agree, but it worked and I never said “okay” in her class again
Also trial employees get the same benefits and other working conditions as permanent employees do, it's not allowed to limit that.
I've been on this Earth for far less time than you, but I'm sure that you will make the right choice
Nike's, Levi's, an expensive car, huge TV, plane tickets to Tahiti etc?
This is one source that I could give you, it's not perfect though, but it gives a somewhat realistic picture of how corrupt each country is
He reminds me of myself when, while drunk, I discreetly moved bar mat closer to myself, rolled it slowly and put it in my jacket while talking to friends
For example back in Sovet Union, at some point, newly weds would get x amount of boxes of vodka from government so my dad's first student "marriage" was to just get free stuff
Someone stole my bicycle and the police immediately sent 2 patrol cars to search for it in the direction where this moron drove
Estonians and Lithuanians - we finally have the *casus belli* to invade Latvia, divide it along the Daugava River line and bring bagged milk to their stores!
Democracy and Krimnashism aren't compatible - pick one or the other
I'm not that great at remembering things off the top of my head, but here are some I found online: Amats (Amt), bomis (Baum), brilles (Brille), dienests (Dienst), ēvele (Hövel), flīģelis (Flügel), glazūra (Glasur), glāze (Glas), kaste (Kasten), klucis (Kloz), krogs (Krõgh), kleita (Kleid), ķirsis (Kirsche), panna (Pfanne), pudele (Buddel), pīpe (Pipe), spainis (Span), stārķis (Storch), smēre (Schmiere), spēle (Spiel), stunda (Stunde), telts (Telt), zāģis (Säge), ziepes (Seife)
Guess good looks played no role in the genetics in this part of Europe.
) also matters a great deal
There is no effective way to prevent them from doing that in Schengen and this has been proved by many cases happening in Czechia, Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Bulgaria, Romania or Portugal.
Mongolia
" Or "Your capital is Vilnus right
We have a town called Ogre
Just scant memories from my decade and a half old university course in criminal law.
Eat out, with the locals, but look for quieter restaurants or un-crowded beach bars
He also provoked a war with the Estonians.
On an another note, I wouldn't be suprised if both Lithuania (already has imo) and Latvia will pass us..
He has a great video on the geopolitical ambitions of Russia due to their geography.
Barankas
United States
When Andris Bērziņš was elected people though: Ohh, we don't even need a president
He supports Putin's aggressive foreign policy and thinks that Crimea belongs to Russia
Our issues couldn't be more similar!
They have their own language/dialect, most even more of the population is Russian than in Riga, and basically their own music, arts, cultural scene as well
Such a move would face massive, and I mean MASSIVE opposition.
Are those the  same 1,120 people
[The giant black shit] [360 view from other side for full appreciation] unfortunately it's now supposed to be a monument of moderinst architecture or something
Normal packing is cartons, but some companies also have plastic bottles and jugs
The only time I have seen something like this was in our new National library.
But there is also “veseris,” probably from the same root, which does mean a large hammer
If you read the freedom of movement treaty, there's nothing contradicing such a tax.
We can only hope that the minimum wage will increase without causing too much inflation.
Edit: since everyone was comparing  the count with Burger King's and McDonald's we have like 12 McDonalds and none of Burger Kings, although at least 2 are opening very soon this year
I thought cottaging was gay dogging ?  Maybe I’m doing it wrong
Both as in Eastern and Northern Europe
* Mārtiņš Lācis was a staunch communist, [a member of the "cheka"] among other things and thought up this "wonderful" bit:
The title is wrong
We also have a piece of land still taken by Russia.
Estonia (and Latvia) are in Schengen.
Clinton will win the election, possibly by a landslide, and there is no way she would cut back on NATO involvement - she's the ultimate status quo candidate, and probably more hawkish than Obama.
This internet stranger believes in you wishes you all the best
There is actually a rest of the country that is worth seeing outside of Rīga
Casinos are a mystery, who the fuck wants to go there
The balls must fly in all directions
I've copied the article below.*
Good question
Sweden
No, it is because of mortality rates, I just looked up my country out of curiosity and it's the same situation in both 2016 and 1990 before large scale migration had started - there are more males in age groups up to 30s and then number of females gets increasingly larger increase and among elderly in particular it seems there are like twice as many women as men
I hope that was the last time we hit 37
In the years after WWII our grandparents waited for the "British and Americans" to come and save us from Russians.
Aren't there usually quotas for the amount you can homebrew, with bans for commercial production?
Then come visit Europe on a vacation.
Would've expected something more like Sweden.
My favourite joke goes like this: (it's not about the current leader tho, haven't heard any about him)
What
Occasionally UTC offset times, though rarely.
I don't know if it's literally true about the 500m or not, but I loved how the metro in Paris was everywhere.
hey man, what's with the drive-by here?
We would most likely contribute by buying goods instead of transferring money
I think people don't know what nazi means, there are other words to describe extremists, but go to one is nazi because it is the scary word
You can buy paper ticket from driver, I believe, but I've never seen someone doing it
For starters, recognize Baltic states as they are, not some kind of post-Soviet creations.
> it wasn't any kind of Stalinist oppression
No need for Heckler & Koch weapons anymore.
That, though, looks like somebody researched his genealogy, not claiming that he himself is African
Haven't the Ukrainians already blown up Russian tanks in Ukraine?
Ukraine because there's a lot of Russians in Latvia with Ukrainian heritage, and a lot of Latvians with Ukrainian heritage for that matter
Even in those countries, most people identify with Catholicism, but don't actually go to church much or otherwise practice the religion in their daily lives.
Are Latvia and Lithuania interbreeding to produce a super-woman?
From Latvia to Lettland, since we were called like that before WW2
Of course the language itself is more complex.
Petersburg (Russia) by train and then we'll get a bus to Tallinn (Estonia).
My party is in bad shape because we made number of mistakes.
Like be super worried about GMO's or random brown people.
Firstly, isolate them from host countries society until...
Also according to Snowden leaks NSA spied on at least 69 senior officials in Germany.
Well I wasn’t speaking as a political scientist
I have never met your grandpa and *I* can tell you at least 10 reasons why *his life* was better in communism
I dont think Merkel / Ribbentrop is meant as warmonger.
And in 1918-19 it was an all-round chaos that had elements of civil war(s) as well, and Latvians at least were over-represented among the Bolshevik forces.
* [Oskars Kalpaks]
A Latvian that doesn’t eat rye bread
Pro-EU in Poland means ( so I guess in the rest of E.Europe too) access to EU structural funds .
I would expect them to be slightly more "germanized" than us (after all that what Nazis believed, but that's another story :D) Estonians and Latvians both are protestant rather than Catholic, Both ruled by germans for couple centuries.
At least use legit latvian words :P
We just say "et", so there isn't a fun meaning behind it
Not as impressive as [this
~~Four twenty nineteen~~ Four twenty ten nine
Does Joseph Stalin count
(I am from Latvia) I think it was similar like when people from UK, Germany, Norway are visiting Latvia and spending a lot of
"I've met that weird looking guy from Iceland that gave me this card" probably is a story that guy from, say, rural China will continue to tell many times and probably will be eager to learn more about it.
Poland can into Central Europe as much as Esti can into Nordic.
And, bizarrely, Buenos Aires - last month I got an internal flight in Argentina that was operated by Norwegian
>I'll help you
Dreary national literature from the 19th century national awakening and the interwar period that, without exception, is chosen to inflict on the children that a Latvian's life is one of suffering and pain, and if anything good happens to one, they'll pay for it later, with interest
If US security guarantees are no longer seen as iron-clad, it will create problems for the US in Asia as well as Europe, and greatly decrease US influence in the world.
This internet stranger believes in you wishes you all the best
Apparently it was strictly regulated what can be served to public to point that every caterer in Soviet Union had to use the same cookbook, if they wanted to do something of their own they had to have it approved by authorities, many just seem to have continued to roll with this afterwards
You end paying a lot more and getting a very shitty service.
Little Eesti sobbing in the corner now...
So a lot would want to stay in Germany and Sweden.
Ukrainians who go to Poland and Afghans/Syrians/whatever coming to Germany do so under very different circumstances, and you know it.
Can Swedes and Norwegians differentiate between each other's accents when speaking English?
Afterwards most of them were killed, and not only by Germans, but by local collaborationists also, you know.
It's not about ''hurr durr ancient tribes''.
As far as i know we have only [Cinevilla]
One does not exclude the other.
Then we would both be nordic and eesti have to come and ask us to let into nordic and we would act friendly / give them advice for better nordic.
Company and accounts were in Latvia though, not Lithuania
Thankfully both me and my husband hate it
Oh, and sing about pussycats
Not sure how this helps your view there
That will be an entirely new layer of MAD.
The autumn equinox (Miķeļdiena) is also observed and retains a clearly visible pagan background.
The Leave voters are mostly the 50+ crowd from rural areas or smaller towns, who have the perception that things hadn't gotten better for them in the EU, and that European immigrants are a problem.
You have to get a license to even get a gun and have a good reason for it
How do you write Shinzō Abe or Hu Jintao in Latvian?
If which hypothetical scenario Russia makes gains if they use tactical nuke against NATO taskforce?
The welfare money you get in such a situation is enough for the basics like rent and food, with the welfare board having broad authority to determine what you need and what you don't.
Granted the current leader seems to be wary of this so perhaps not that soon.
ez kid, fat dub
Actually Estonia has so much Russians because of forced Soviet Union policies on it's land and not some kind of very old history..
Piece of shit
Well - you have to understand communism was brought here using Russian language.
They are mostly mixed corps loosely based on those found in Estonia and Latvia.
To me, the people you call Asians or Hispanics are also just Americans.
Back in 2003, when we voted to join the EU, support for that dropped significantly among older voters.
Sorry for my ignorance, I've read the link but I can't understand what the UPA (Ukrainian Insurgent Army) has to do with Latvia ?
Yeah, it seems to be much easier than English or German.
It's sad, but true
Now all he needs is a tan and he can run for president of the US.
Brecon beacons were lovely, coming from a very flat place it was a tough hike up the Pen y fan, but the views were so worth it
1000 - tūkstotis
Finns are the most blondest people on this planet
The rest of the country certainly wouldn’t accept a Latgalian/Russian city as the capital so Daugavpils is out of the question
no, it's desra or desrele or sardele
However during 2 years I was alive during communism I wasn't mugged once.
Latvia has 12,600 active service.
Why do Latvians have "it's complicated" for the former Yugoslavia?
i think that every Latvian speaking Latvian is on your side and see you as heroes.
Boston has a public transport network that feels reasonable by European standards, plus walking/biking is a reasonable option there.
She can call literally everybody a "kid". I wonder what her reddit username would be
Why tf are all of the baltics red, this map is actually stupid
Erwartete nicht diese Lieder hier zu sehen, doch es war eine angenehme Überraschung
Salty sea air with a pinch of kelp
In Latvian, Čehija is used pretty much always for the country, even in news media and many government websites, Čehijas Republika is very rarely used.
Check out the Bristol stool chart
The employee is not my servant, and I am not an intruder in the shop deserving a rude behaviour.
Due to weak family structure old and pensioners are left behind.
we had more snow in november than december and january combined
At least over here there's a certain ultranationalist connotation with those kinds of ancient names
YES, it's like the advent but instead of lighting a candle each Sunday we watch Home Alone each Friday
UK and Ireland are part of the continent of Europe (but maybe not continental Europe, if you see what I mean)
But in general I'm neutral towards them.
Have you ever been a foreigner and driven on Latvian roads?
I don't have a lot of money and no real desire to visit these places so I probably won't end up visiting them.
Latgalian, it sounds too close to Russian accent to many speakers of standard language and Russian accent is horror to gentle Latvian ears (from what I read, however, their differences come more from Polish-Lithuanian influences than Russian)
While here in the west, nearly all of them gets away with all that bullshit
Unless they are also 2m high, then Dutch :D
Younger people are more pro-EU.
I think it's reasonable, isn't it?
If they can't build more, it means there's someone preventing them from doing it
Does the anybody else feel scared shitless about Putin "wanting to restore ties with USA"?
Realistically none
Montenegro on the same distance to Serbia as with Lebanon and Bahrain.
Since I've never been to Latvia yet, that would be nice.
anti-fascists), historical illterates all spending a day pissing the shit out of each other.
Maybe we're super suspicious people, or maybe Kremlin is still trying to recruit our (pretty big) Russian population
Louis XIV once has said 'L'etat c'est moi' ('I am the state')
One of the biggest rivers in Latvia is called "Lielupe" - big River
Why tf is all of r/Europe talking about Belarus
Meanwhile Estonia is trying to crash your party and we're constantly dragging him away so he don't embarrass himself even more
Russia is helping China a lot with their military and the US might be quite happy to give something in return for Russia stopping the transfer of missile-warning technology to the Chinese for instance.
Estonia - actually a lot of times, because neighbours!
Apple’s rotten appeal : Rather than addressing the merits of the case, the tech giant is playing the pity card.
Brālis- brother
The [Latvian War of Independence] 1918-1920.
A language that split off from Middle English and is pretty similar to English, but still distinct
Now, I don't want to rain on your parade, but check first some info about the [Atacama Desert.] That seems to be the location where Latvians were put.
If you import electricity, you can import it from renewable sources at a different tariff, giving buying priority to green energy
That image is **A LIE**. There was 21°C in Riga (Latvia) yesterday at the highest
Mate, he is a **hundred-and-five**!
Two older women talking about the american “racial divide”
We may even have different concepts about what does make a personality and what shall be considered as a change to it :)  Let's just assume you have independent and stiff personality
The poor dictatorships want strong militaries, because of possible gains, but Europe for real defence, imo (and protecting interests even more so).
Maybe all the whining is having effect on people, of course, it's also nice for politicians to do stuff that looks nice to families, but with how much they are changing things around I doubt anyone would make such a longterm commitment based solely on government policies
We had a case that went up to the European court of Human rights "Tatjana Sļivenko vs Latvia", because she went back to Russia as part of the Latvian Russian agreement for removing Russian armed forces from the territory of Latvia.
Dear Finn, "nation" refers to ethnicity, "Baltic nations" are only Latvia and Lithuania as Estonia is a Finnic nation.
They're pretty cool, though there's always the "they took our jobs!" idiots (sure, they took the job you were going to do after you got off your arse and decided to work for a living).
Also, Lithuania has seen its population decline massively even as it grew rapidly, which pushed up its GDP per capita.
I can easily tell if someone is a foreigber, but not from where exactly
Yeah, one bastard somehow got inside my fifth floor apartment during the night and bit me
These are the official terms used by Govt
I could see it happening maybe with strangers or with extreme disparity in social hierarchy but other than that such formal address would seem more like mocking than respect
Plenty of my friends have told me how much they make
>not really games but we sniffed bolero (soda powder) and huffed technocol rapid (instant glue) in school
Of these accounts, how many would you have shared content on?
Im glad that i have online school and dont have to walk in this weather
Even we use it despite the Iron Curtain, albeit not that often
The current Russia is a successor of those states, though
Lunch buffet implies eating out
I doubt the burgers would play the Latvian anthem before sports events, or that the Bosnian flag would be displayed on monuments.
A new hire that does a regular office job
During the 2018 Song and Dance Festival closing event, our previous president Raimonds Vējonis had a bit of a mishap with his speech
Except in Russia, and in the past few years Germany, I've never encountered wide-spread anti-American sentiment.
If you live in a wealthy country and cut your expenses and save you'll end up with a few extra thousand euros in savings.
I meant in 1991-1992 obviously.
To start off: One groups is Balts, and one group is Western Slavs.
No there is because there are some fucky words
The required subjects and their curriculum are decided nationwide by the Ministry of Education - if that seems weird, keep in mind Latvia is a country of 2 million, so for us nation-wide decisions make sense for many things that other countries decide on a province/state/land level.
Most of this is pure fantasy and nothing to do with real Latvian stereotypes and perceptions of those states.
Ööuklubi ^^
It's not what these other guys are saying, it doesn't have anything to do with there being more Russians or us being poorer (we are not that far from Estonia and decently close to Estonia) it's that prostitution is legal in Latvia
Well, they didn't say explicitly that it has to be a native or local, so I'd say Stalin
You're probably right then, I vaguely remember it from, I think, my Latvian teacher who's a linguist and from that neck of the woods
This isn’t just in Latvia, but also in Lithuania, Estonia and quite a few Slavic countries too, but [Kvass]
Did you mix up Latvia and Lithuania?
He also has a lot of content on youtube about it
Granted, the discussion could be whether the current amount is fair if you compare the Duch with the Finnish, but you can't compare the in-out money with, say, Lithuania.
That would bring money in our economies.
The second biggest city, Daugavpils, I think is majority Russian speaking
A requirement of Latvian, Russian and English is common in job postings.
Indeed
The Yugoslav Wars were a series of separate but related ethnic conflicts, wars of independence and insurgencies fought in the former Yugoslavia from 1991 to 2001, which led to the breakup of the Yugoslav state
anyway, one made by a Bulgarian if I’m not mistaken :P
"As many as are of that opinion say Aye"
You definetly hear it less at least in Latvia
This is glorious
This disinformation campaign has been happening for 25 years now, in itself it is nothing new.
German Member of Parliament Volker Beck Joins Protest at the Latvian Embassy in Berlin
It's first and foremost an economic problem
When you define things like this, you can say that starvation defines socialism
A strong stench of bodies was comming from them attracting large flocks of crows and ravens, which flew trough the beautifull park where trees had trunks shot up and branches broken up by bullets, while people had been murdered.
Even now, after NATO reinforcements arrived in its Eastern flank (Poland, Baltics Romania), Russia still have like twice as many soldiers and tanks stationed in Kaliligrand alone, plus they have delpoyed Iscanders there.
Back in spring through sheer luck we got ahead of events with the isolation rules, soft lockdowns, etc
Good
In summer - occasionally wasps and confused flies.
I still have that image of Paris in my mind and I’m not going to Paris to keep it that way
Probably the same can be said about Latvian and Lithuanian, too.
Nothing looked even close to Latvia and those events wouldn't even be possible here hahaha
Anyway are the Lithuanians really the ones producing this show?
* Pēteris Ķuzis was [the head of the GRU from 1920 to 1935
Or young kids
Etats-Unis
Yes, if I really really wanted to switch jobs, it might suck having to work for the duration of the notice period.
I'd like the climate we had about 20 years ago.
Hundred years ago these differences probably were much more notable, because before serfdom was abolished in 19th century large part of population couldn't travel freely and modern media that broadcast standard language to entire country didn't exist - less contacts result in more diversity.
Also, I am not sure why you thought you need a precision to 3 decimal points there
From what I understand, most Mexican food in the US isn't quite the same as Mexican food in Mexico, and the offerings we have in Europe tend to be mediocre knockoffs of Tex-Mex.
The territory of the Latvian state, as set by international treaties, consists of Vidzeme (not sure the English name, literally midland), Latgale (Lettigallia), Kurzeme (Courland), Zemgale (Semigallia)
The territory of Latvia has been under German, Polish, Swedish and Russian rule
If you are unmarried and sit on the corner of the table you are not going to get married for the next 7 years
No go zone is a place where rule of law (of Sweden) personified by Police doesn't work.
In Latvia it’s definitely [Riga Black Balsam]
something you can't say about those 7 countries on his list.
A lot of hypocrites here
For Latvia it would be the
His GF got fine for leaving the car without permission
Poles are the only exception
Well, with citizenship things are finally changing - from 2020 children of non-citizens will have Latvian citizenship by default
I think, Crimea would have more chances to join EU on it's own as a small state.
Gotland Municipality says "no" to lease the port of Slite for building Nord Stream 2.
"Sasodīts" is pretty pg, translated it means "damned". If you wanted to be more hip you'd definitely use something like "bļa" which as you might guess is just the translitered Russian "blyat". We use a lot of Russian swear words
People are already saying that 2020 isn't giving up till the last second
I for instance have never had any real problems booking a general appointment at a clinic, usually I can go there the next day.
It's just extremelly stigmatized and not taught of being normal to misbehave in such a way.
On 2014 they made the Anti-Corruption bureau, so that is nice.
AMA with Artis Pabriks MEP on Tuesday, November 15th at 1 pm (CET)!
generally accepted European values
Unbelievably excited - the entire area is so southern and exotic.
If we get back to the state of Europe where every nation perceives each other as a completely different entity instead of having some kind of connection and kinship, Europe will fall behind other superpowers.
Besides, even though I'm not an expert I can faintly recall that Esperanto mainly draws from Romance and Germanic languages - which disadvantages speakers of Slavic languages just as much as English does.
IMHO it's not really a concern about practical things, but rather because back in the day farming was heavily romanticised as integral part of national identity
If it's not your kink it's not.
Chubby is folk in the UK, Malta or Latvia.
I will really want to see how USA is not worse when adjusting for population.
As soon as Latvian is one of official Russian Federation languages.
For nice clean borders, we need to add Belarus, Ukraine, Switzerland and Norway plus kick the Irish out.
The deal is for EEA and description on their website includes these two.
Its a shame I haven't found it in germany yet.
Fun fact: 11
I'm Latvian and I'm not an alcoholic
Just because your culture tolerates more of a power-distance does not mean you have to bend over and take it from any autocrat.
Yeah that's completely standard Latvian, she sounds normal.
It may be tiny, but still affects identity and personality
yes, 4 jets in Lithuania a real danger to Russia who has 200 jets just next to Baltic states.....right
I think it's quite smart answer to all this huge African poverty nonsense, but unfortunately not symmetrical in terms of the volume
The practice that, when establishing a small to medium business you must first get yourself a BMW X5, Audi Q7 or a Porsche Cayenne; get a mortgage for a decent house somewhere on the better outskirts of Riga; and set aside a tidy sum for yourself for future travels and other personal expenses - only then you can afford to think of such measly things as employee salaries, taxes and settling invoices with subcontractors
It was funnier with Lenin statue with that city name on it
In general if you use it i think most adults who don't know anything about it would consider you a junkie
taxes have nothing to do with phone or internet
But omg did you see Latvia’s backup dancers
We have brāļukas for lithuanians, and lithuanians have braliukai for us
Here it is not like America where you can come, create a ''China town'' and everyone will be happy - on the contrary that would create huge backslash, as everyone is pretty much required to fit inside the Estonian, Lithuanian or Latvian lifestyle and cultural practices.
Most of how the US runs its business is not directly relevant to me - there are things I would like if I lived there, but I don't.
If you wish to have the really old, seldomly-used Latvian names, then, of course, these would be the pre-Christian ones like Namejs, Kaupo, Vetseke, Lokers etc
Except that there are no NATO missiles here, or anywhere even near Latvia.
In Latvia it’s definitely [Riga Black Balsam]
, And what's the best thing about Latvia
It's Budapešta in Latvian, so with *sh* (since that's what *š* is) :)
I guess the rich Oligarchs protested, because they wouldn't have a good place to send their snobby kids if schools were closed
draws
But it was a bit more expensive
Kebab DLC
Latvia is definitely on my bucket list.
Hiked around Malta and Gozo
You seriously going to compare the 2
The large amounts of snow just slowed traffic and people who still had summer tires have no friction lol.
Pohuj = coming from Russian but the literal translation would be something like “by a dick”
A game set in ancient Livonia where the protagonist is the chief of a Baltic tribe fighting off crusading invaders
That's what happens when you sit in a public place (no sound) and assume the language based on the title of a video.
[More] [footage]  here's [another angle] from the building right by it
Since when is Latvia 110
The thing is that in the East they see compromises and niceness differently than in the West.
Those are new cars, and electric cars last less and replacing the battery is quite expensive and in older ones even impossible
Not having those dark winters would be even better, though
Speaking on Latvia, where my wife is from, so take it with a grain of salt, but I've heard what some of her family thinks about them.
Russia who else
Look, when Britain taxed our tea, we got frisky
Short distances, for example a room
Me and you can only hope that they realize all the benefits the EU brings and the UK could hope to get back in one day.
Even if the show/movie is in a language I do not understand at all, I prefer that with subtitles.
Chinese is a regional one, it doesn't cover UK.
You know, I don't remember it that vividly but I can still relate even if it wasn't that specific spot
Chilly: 0 - -15 C
We were supposed to go to Cologne (Koln in Germany) for a furniture exhibition, went to Cologne near Milan, Italy instead.
It's called balsam here
Apart from the usual idiots, people seem to think that if they, like, really really need something then by sheer force of will this cold heartless virus will not infect them
There is no federal taxation or military, there is no foreign policy, no criminal code or law enforcement.
Naah, it's not just 35
Everyone seemed to have a lot of fun
I have a few friends around South Wales, mostly Merthyr
Inside The Private Chat Rooms Trump Supporters Are Using To Manipulate French Voters
Exactly the same here, idk why
Overpriced deathtrap on wheels, should have bought Pumas and Leopards.
No, in Latvian the law uses linguistic term that means the whole thing, saying that because it is called written language it's just ortography is like saying that literary Latvian is used only in literature.
People there are nice tho, at least the ones I've met
My family had big cd/casette music player and there was a place for big 6 x 9V batteries (we used wire to play music) and once I opened the cover
Currently it's no buckwheat
1990s the Baltic governments vote to leave the Union
You can't buy a washing machine for 27.50Euros.
I'm for the ''Spanish wine, French cheese, Latvian music and British tutting'' multiculturalism.
This wasn't in the question, but Earth in Latvian is "Zeme" which is female, and we have goddesses like "Zemes māte"(Earth's mother), "Vēju māte"(Winds' mother), "Jūras māte"(Sea's mother), "Meža māte"(Forest's mother) and "Veļu māte"(Souls' mother)
welcome global warming :D
There really is no excuse for Swedes here
Just about any search will show that Russia has 15-16 thousand tanks, while neglecting to mention that some 7 thousand are T-72s in reserve storage and another 6 or so thousand are even older mothballed tanks.
I know, the Commission President is chosen from a vote, but it doesn't prevent parties from putting forward a candidate that they would ostensibly like to see win.
Or worst of all, whatever the hell happened when the entire subreddit was Trump memes, literally every post on the first page for a couple of days.
I acctualy now have a craving for it thanks to this.
There won't be opening any new stores to compete away shit Nutella.
That's kind of vague, especially considering they even count Central Asian countries as Eastern Europe.
Novuss is Latvian-Estonian invention
"Blizzard of Souls" - movie about Latvian independece war
- Smaida (The Smiley-One)
It's never (and my parents would consider it crazy to ask) a set amount every month
Damn Russians
Like usually 5-7
It is much more likely that he got the hooliganism charge for something else
Getting a SIM card as a visitor in Germany is hopeless.
Apparently, "New Russians" considered this haircut as a staple of "tough guy".
Why would I want to track dirt all over my apartment
Sounds about right to me
Article 1
Without the SU there are a lot of towns and villages whose existance makes no sense (at least here in Latvia), so it's no wonder that they die off as everyone goes to bigger towns.
Never seen a religious billboard in my life
Talking a lot is not an expierience
If you want to defend your position you should probably give examples of organisations who chose to close, we are yet to see what will happen with SOVA.
it's all fair if you don't want to be in the EU, but strange, to say the least, when you just want it to collapse.
I remember having to get from Estonia to Germany via land.
It's funny how almost everything foreigners know about Romania is related to our ethnic minorities which together represent around 15-20% of the total population.
My reaction is "haha what", but in terms of a more serious response:
These stories come from Russia, specifically an organization called "Russian Mothers" and Irina Bergseth, but almost certainly not without the blessing of certain other individuals.
But do you in "Latvian history" for example get to learn about the history of the Russian Empire?
It's a little sad to see this kind of anti-Americanism - especially from Europe given that European democracy survived the latter half of the 20th century _only_ because of America.
It’s like splitting hairs
You asked a question, people have answered why there are such views, this doesn't mean that everyone agrees with it.
There are hundreds of subdialects of subdialects, if quantity makes you feel interesting: (although I am not sure if they all still exist)
Well, we have a saying "tā nav ķīniešu ābece". It's used when someone dosn't understand something simple
It's also better for transportation
Likely not cooperation, but integration.
We don't make that destination.
Latvia is pretty cool
Some individual Democrats, that's all.
In theory all sorts of recreational shooting is fine, but hunters (not American in particular) sometimes seem to enjoy the killing bit more than anything else, that seems fucked up to me
There are some strongly growing economies in the EU at the moment, e.g.
That is as stereotypically American as you can get.
Stāmeriena
Here's [a local news source in English
I've bought fries and burgers that have been ready for longer than 30 min
thousand
There is a widescale hysteria, but IMHO it's a direct result of complete failure of communication about refugee crisis, before that nobody cared much, and the West is as much at fault for it as the East - we don't normally get a lot of people of those cultures comming here, refugees or otherwise, so of course people only know what they see in media, which is not always pretty, institutions also have very little expierience in dealing with this, so what they do is not very effective, and on top of that those EU movement schemes bring back memories about Soviet Union, not to mention that at the same time they shit at Eastern Europe in media, which baisically removes any incentive to help (our politicians acctually talked a lot about need for solidarity and helping out since the West would help us out with other things, but what's the point if the West complitely ignores it in favour of talking about one country that has done something questionable as "the Eastern Europe"?)
I can't speak for Estonia, but I know similar can be seen in Latvia or Lithuania.
Sweden is certainly the most recognizable Nordic country, but there's no way it's more recognizable outside of Europe than Germany or France.
I don't mind them using a loophole if there is one
A wife of a British citizen may likewise get citizenship after 3 years but only in the UK.
We have potatoes
:D why do you think so
This is fine with us, and the two older German guys also on the bus
Because they acctually did and got extremly harsh economic sanctions from Soviets in response, that's exactly why Latvia and Estonia chose to have transition period, which would allow for discussion with USSR, except they were not interested in talks and certainly wouldn't be, if August coup had succeeded, so during it (not after) the idea was dropped so that legally they would have attacked fully independent countries.
Naah, it's not just 35
Definitely more than enough
I dont know if i should be happy or saddened if my country is third place
I understand it's a hard time for you
Only the 24h format on digital clocks and in any official or formal communication - it's the only correct way to write time from a language perspective.
Only difference is that the Brits moved to Northern Ireland when such actions weren't illegal according to international law.
It was "Lithuania is independent again now within the borders of Lithuanian SSR".
The way MENA+Africa is developing we will likely have to intervene somewhere at some point.
In Latvian there is just this one word 'bankomāts', no other synonym
Vīgante (aka Staburags)
The "culture" programme in my high school (gymnasium) had a Formal Etiquette subject, but I haven't heard that any other school in Latvia would have that
* Pēteris Ķuzis was [the head of the GRU from 1920 to 1935
In Latvian too
Maybe they could call it Greenland
I thought you all just sat silently brooding in the sauna, listening to heavy metal and chainsmoking
WTF
Yes it is better then unemployment, but why do we need to import more low wage workers?
I've felt it during conversations
Perkele
But good at doing job
Russians in Latvia didn't arrive here last week, did they?
Games are never translated in my language, but even if they were i would probably play in english
How can your assertions about the UK be taken seriously when you're ignorant of the basic treaties concerning the subjects you're talking about?
If you care about the other European states then perhaps you should be wishing for the best situation for each state?
Lastly what does Latvia and what does being Latvian mean to you personally
You deleted the wrong country, fool
But grammar I'd say is fucked, even most natives don't get everything right
Guess what - Latvia **is** better than other countries in some regards, and it's more shit than others in other areas.
You mean you think that this propaganda has anything to do with being a proof or being remotely true?
Bolivia
I went to a school with all sorts of European languages, but I attended the French courses, and they taught us cursive as our first way of writing, I write in cursive by default, it’s actually quite hard to write in “printed-like” for me
Because of it we will have to work the following Saturday
Yes, for government employees it's a day off
Nationality is called British
The stark population decreases seen in Latvia and Lithuania hasn't really been the case here due to slightly higher wealth levels and the closeness of Finland and Sweden.
The people I mentioned in the post above mostly come from this group, along with other Bolshevik sympathizers and others simply running from the law and finding solace in a new place
[Riga FC] has good looking logo
[Yes there are]ų_korporacijos).
Also word "race" was not used by militia, but nationality (национальност)
There's a description of scoring system at page 55 that's probably going to be more helpfull in identifying areas to improve to score well on this
Though the first thing that comes to mind is that thing where it's meat inside a jelly that's made from beef stock, and people like to dip it in vinegar
Lielvārde (Translates to "Great name", its historic name: "Rembate")
Latvia, the only country in the universe that associates Slovakia with hockey.
Estonia is not selfish as everyone else in this thread, instead of taking it is voluntary offering to give away the pleasure of having World's largest country as a neighbour, package includes wonderfull nature, friendly people, a very manly leader who likes animals and surprise shows of power right at your doorstep^please, ^please ^Australia...
This thread has been very confusing and/or enlightening
15 euro, but I'm a student, and my personalised e-talons have student discount so I can buy rides for 0
That sort of thing tends to slow everything down.
I mean
Ugunsgrēks = Fire-sin (fire as a tragedy, e.g. a forest fire or house fire)
It's fine, just don't call us "former Soviet Republics".
Then we switch to English - I've never met a tourist who could say more than "excuse me, do you speak English?" in Latvian, which is more than understandable.
unlike some Belgian collaborators
Hey hey, easy there, just wait for [autumn]
People (mostly americans) who have never heard the language immediately think it would be like Russian cause "pOSt SovIeT cOuNTrY", but me and my family were in Austria once (so German speakers) and a couple of people said that they felt like they're listening to German but somehow cannot understand a word
I feel that as a citizen I don't have voting rights if I don't vote for 'correct' political power that states that Latvia is only for ethnic Latvians
Sorry, but I'm happy and can't believe it
The amount of Latvians has decreased by about 160K.
What really irks me is the measurements - not even ounces and pounds, those can be converted but fucking cups as a measurement
Julia Samoilova is an artist very few people ever heard or cared about
> So while the Baltic countries are eager to wave middle fingers at Russia because they believe in their friend United States
She lives next to Paris and has 2 kids with a french guy, so no way she will ever return back to LV
a bit of self-awareness of your own history and empathy for fellow humans
The government decides how much to pay teachers, they don't decide on footballers
It's not as nice as medieval towns or whatever, but the suburbs are clean, orderly and pretty good overall for something that is new.
My Sports teacher was always saying I will fail when I go to army because I wasnt strong enough.
People are presumed innocent unless proven guilty, this is a core tenet of any fair legal system.
1011 - tūkstoš vienpadsmit
There is no universal unifying concept of "nationality" and perception of it varies across the "nationalities".
Ogre
One of Russian and English always worked.
Essentially formal is for strangers and figures of authority and informal is for children, peers and people you know:
If it's media or tv then sasodīts, if it's everyday, blyatj it is then
*Croatia embracing Nazism again.* Russia loves to throw shit about Europe as fascist/Nazi states/people etc.
Only half of British food is made in the UK, according to [this chart
That's just one of the reasons why a total switch to electricity, when compare to the circulating insulated hot water systems, has huge technological challenges, and why some form of burning fuel will always be desired
Of course Mao was a big friend first, but later USSR slowly drifted from him, especially after demolishing personal cult of Stalin by Khrushchev in 60s.
I like it
And in WW2, France had a resistance movement that appeared basically as soon as the brutal nature of Nazis became obvious.
What the fuck, you think Estonians, Latvians, Lithuanians wanted him to come over and invade their countries?
My house had been broken into a few times in Latvia, while living in a pretty safe area for Latvian standards, if you left your bike outside a store, or forgot your phone or something it is very likely they will get robbed, while in the Uk you dont have to really worry about this
We know many of them for English, but can we instantly tell apart our accents from other accents?
I might join you
So if Canada ever becomes a part of it, I guess it would have to be called something like the North atlantic Union?
Trump will build a wall instead
30 years after USSR i feel like Latvian traditions have become only stronger
Is it still the same with protests going on and the regime policing around
I look up where their hotel is on our map, and walk over with my girlfriend who proceeds to explain to them, in Russian, that their hotel isn't too far to walk and give them directions
At least in Latvia, you can do surprisingly much at a shooting range.
It's not a celebration, it's a commemorative event - IIRC actual participiants go to church then go to lay flowers at the Monument of Freedom and then maybe go to a military cemetery in Western Latvia, but fringe extremists and nationalists of all sides swarm in to try to push their political agenda e.g.
As cynical as it may seem I felt very similar
I also don't know the spelling, but the meaning of the title is sweet
There is no need for political dialog
The most usual thing in Swedish is just to use "tack" (which means "thank you") also as "please".
No, Roman we have holy land to reclaim
I don't have a license and walk to work
Fuck no, most of the time that means that you only know how to echo empty talking points fed to you by society, and most likely don't have the emotional intelligence required to deal with the negative aspects of life
Corps should be regulated harder and CEOs and major shareholders should be put on trial for shit they pull
Juris Alunāns ( one of the starters of the young Latvian movement  created the foundation for modern latvian, created new Latvian words and degermanized the language)
One aspect of that I've seen talked about is basically that, even if we talk about USSR, we're talking about seven decades, while the part where the Soviet Communist implementation of the ideology was compareable to Nazism was really under one leader
Other than that Poland is usually viewed as an ally and a friend with no real complicated common history (unlike Lithuania - Poland).
Not really sure about this bit, though the NKVD did carry out [the Latvian Operation] that "liquidated" Latvians in the political and cultural sphere in Russia, including almost all of the people named above
I don't know really
You can read it by going to and selecting Latvia from Countries / Regions.
Really
And it's less about ''northern europe masterrace'' and more about - me wanting the dominant states to be those I can relate to the most.
The people voted, stop pushing it back already
Personally, I dislike it, however it's good to "spice up" mulled wine during the winter season
I'd heard it was Haveyourcakeandbrexit.
We're not pushing for bad relations no matter what - we're pushing for Russians to be punished for aggression.
I take 2 trains every morning, no complaints.
UK, France and Estonia
Yes, I know quite well what it's like, we're on the same latitude as South of Sweden
Totally internet, I've never seen anything mentioned in real life in relation to potato jokes.
Now write it out a hundred times or Ill cut your balls off.
According to [this] webpage the author is an Estonian Kanil Negull, and yes the picture was taken in Latvia, Saulkrasti.
How can Latvia not include dill?
Daugava
Right, that means up to 6 months, and the card is required for 6+ months.
When it comes to minimum wage adjusted for prices in a given country(PPS), Latvia is at the bottom of the EU, so if you say there is not a lot of poverty in Latvia that is a complete and utter lie
[Here's] article linking to some factual information
There is no good reason
The second biggest city, Daugavpils, I think is majority Russian speaking
Because cold boiled potatoes with some salt taste fucking amazing on rye bread
Public transport gets me to any part of the city in less than an hour, but I rarely need it
(Trump was thought to be unelectable, too.)
The US is way more capable of doing so.
I don't think so
Getting an official language certificate can be quite difficult and usually requires taking classes, but even taking that out of the equation still leaves the fact that norwegians might not be very happy employing non-EU citizens as it is more expensive.
When Brooklyn 99 tried to have a guy speak [Latvian ] they butchered it real bad, the security guy at least could be understood, but it seems like he really tried to sound like a stereotypical Russian, which Latvian sounds nothing alike
Among the older and more conservative, it's a popular opinion that conscription is good and makes you a real adult, but overall the attitudes towards conscription are pretty mixed.
Polish roads are fucking awesome, idk what you're talking about
[El Dorado] was what the Spanish called the mythical chief of a native Columbian tribe, who was believed to have covered himself in gold and sunk himself into a lake.
[Not really]#Historical_demographics) - there seems to be one third decrease in the entire Soviet Union, but in Russia the number starts dropping much more later on likely due to migration.
Reminder, Latvians also got bunch of words from Liv.
belarusians eat by far the most potatoes by capita in the world,70kg more per person than in Latvia
traffic jams due to gay parades...
reminds me of old Latvian orthography having neeeeet for modern neieiet
In Latvia it became huge
I didn't say they were against Latvia, I said they invaded as their forces did enter Latvia.
More (it's free real estate)
When Estonia got covid-19, we still hadn't gotten it, Latvian Twitter was filled with "Estonia's ahead of us again
Corps should be regulated harder and CEOs and major shareholders should be put on trial for shit they pull
Daugavpils, since it's very ugly and the council of the city isn't even trying to reconstruct buildings nor roads
In the process of the war a substantial number of Latvian riflemen retreated along with the Russian 12th Army, after the [German offensive against Riga in 1917] later, following further German offensives in 1918, retreating from the territory of Latvia completely
Didn't know there was an official translation, thanks
Here are more anthropological types of USSR population from Criminality research institute of Interior ministry of USSR
Until the Nordics bartender cuts them off and suddenly they're the ones crashing our table where the booze flows freely
Am Latvian
Never needed visas for Latvia and I think Poland (can't remember), still need them for Belarus and Russia.
Might be because Canadian and Australian monarchies are protestant ones, with the monarch having ultimate sovereignty over the church, whereas Spain is Catholic, the church's sovereignty is in Vatican
We still have them
Cdpl said he was forced to fight for the nazis.
The sovereignty of the Latvian state belongs to the Latvian nation
It's been about 7 hours since this happened and things are finally calm, no firefighters or medics outside and just people taking care of the rubble
Nobody is arguing you on the fact that Russia can fuck the baltics before anyone notices.
To be equally fair, all driving license holders should pass test like once in 10 years
The oldest building I go into on a somewhat regular basis is from around 1750, it's a bar/restaurant.
This name historically also applied to Latvia.
It wouldn't be so bad if the repetitive stuff wasn't so plentiful.
Ukraine nowadays doesn't have either, for example (Russia didnt even try some sort of dialogue with Ukrainians before they annexed Crimea the way they did with Finland, they just forced their rule and thats it)
We have 6 toes
Every time the Baltics come up they go: "Hur, dur, Putin doesn't care about the Baltics".
For
Actually, this is one of rare cases where the audiobook version is preferable - it's Stephen Fry himself reading, and he could read a phonebook and make it engrossing, let alone these books
For me, it's hard to describe
We would most likely contribute by buying goods instead of transferring money
Huh, I can't be only one disturbed by colour choice in this graph
But not an even amount of flowers - this custom is weird as hell.
Yes
Russia for Canada would be amazing.
I ate mostly potatoes, onions, cabbage, carrots, and beets, but I heard it's hard to get the potatoes in Latvia.
Also, Cyprus getting to know the cold feels!
The school but the kids probably learn stuff from friends before that
>This power distribution, and the way it is supported, is what defines capitalism
Central, northern, easthern
It's a city where half used to be part of a successful and free regime and the other half was part of a communist dictatorship.
There are also "vänligen", "var god" and others, all of which could be translated as "please" into English but all have their own uses depending on the context.
Stop lying
Oh for sure, there were emergency services, firefighters and cops all around
All this business is just vulgar.
Cant think of anything, Latvians, help me
Oggy and the cockroaches is also french
Nico
and without clear vision for future
Vi har dock tyvärr längsta köer i Europa enligt [EHCI] Hur Sverige kan vara sämre på väntetider än typ Lettland eller Albanien är bortom mig.
Ethnic-linguistic majority is the key here, not who votes for which party.
Definitely not Indo-European but also not related to the earlier Celtic languages, it's just a giant enigma.
Then I have a degree in drugs, apperently :D
I guess German
Not a part of Europe
Russians
There was some Russian newspaper back a few months ago claiming COVID was developed by the EU in Latvia in order to kill off the ageing population of Italy, or something like that
Anything from brainstorm
Lots in Latvia as well so I assume places like Rome and Florence must be absolutely flooded with tourists
Best to stick with known clusters eg Baltics, Nordics, Scandi, British Isles, Gallia, Benelux, etc
[this one is important as well]
It started as free transport for schoolchildren and seniors, and now it is free for everyone
The ghosts on the last photo though.
Though when reading pronunciation is only perfect for new words like 95% of the time because of the letter ''o'', as it has 3 different pronunciations, but a native speaker will be able to guess which pronunciation is used in most cases
No wonder it is so popular here
And if there was such a region in Estonia or Latvia, it should go to Russia?
IT'S NOT ENOUGH, very weird this year
I walk putting 1 foot in front the other, count and multiply by 31
The Freedom Monument for sure is the symbol of Latvija
I did hear about this in the news
If Russian are the biggest victims of the Soviet Union, I do wonder what were the Chechens, Ingushes, Crimean Tatars, Ukrainians, Abkhazians, Lithuanians, Latvians, and many others?
Or cleaning the table with my hand and not a cloth will also mean I will have no money
It's that it is not our (EU) fault.
Here here
Deutschland house
so a "sharp knife" is "ass nazis"
Estonia is like a child from Finland who was raped by Russia
It's a tiresome circus than is only newsworthy because some people can get publicity out of it
Reddit: 17k upvotes for a singular retard who raized his hand
There are almost no Ukrainian refugees in Poland, most of them go to Poland to work there.
Also a recommendation is that this day should be a holiday and work should be done on 2021-05-08 (Saturday)
There are some obtuse people who would like us to reconquer Trinidad and Tobago, and The Gambia
For private companies it's a company's free choise
No only that, but accommodating this disparity will lead to more energy loss in transfer
No it isn't easier
It's not so much about ethnicity, you know.
It’s not something Latvians would shout about though, for obvious reasons
For Rome specifically, there are higher concentrations of thieves and scammers in the popular areas that require no ticket to access.
- Latvia
The official Swedish labour shortage list is a government-maintained list of occupations in which there is a shortage of people, and professionals in those areas have an easier time obtaining the permits.
KFC is the last fast food joint I'll go
German is an official language there so it makes perfect sense
And is VAT exempt, unlike chocolate biscuits.
One says that one particular person is a killer.
Trump being a prime example of how it plays out when no one with any sense has any influence on a politician with no clue about anything
It is much more likely that he got the hooliganism charge for something else
We are functioning states and have no Russian majority.
No, our pre-occupation governments didn't ask to join, but yielded to Soviet demands to be allowed to place army bases on LV/LT/EE territory.
5 - pieci
Other than that in Latvia we have something similar - when someone is working outside, you say to them "God helps" ("Dievs palīdz
Saatana
Nothing else is celebrated
A sandwich
Have higher suicides rates than Czech Republic, Slovakia or Latvia isnt something normal
A lot of judging from this one picture
Naktstaurenis = night butterfly (moth)
Does this mean cheaper PlayStations in the EU
Is it as shit as the new Stalingrad movie?
thats Serbian opinion on things
Maybe some little old lady would say that in polite company when she's dropped her crocheting needles, although I suspect that she's seen more than you think and could outdo a drunken stevedore in profanity
Same
It's completely opposite for me
I am proud to be liberal democrat in times when these values are challenged.
Unless you have some sort of official statement from Russia regarding Slovenia sending troops to Latvia, then I don't see how Russia is ''triggered'' by this.
[Finnish mämmi] with vanilla sauce was a very nice, uniquely tasting dessert
I argue that all your listed things are not due to some kind of "progress" but a social change due to cultural, demographic, economic, technological advancements.
they even were so nice to include all the baltics
But for the love of god, I can't imagine what is that reason
Hate
I do miss Lats mainly because of sentimental values from growing up with them
Seriously, sure I know where Brussels is, but now it invokes connotation with EU institutions first and in this context never extrapolated on Belgium and its people
It's the default mode of sandwich where I live, for example
I went to Orlando FL and stayed in the suburbs (not even that far out though) and the nearest public transport stop for getting to the city center was almost a 2h walk
You know, I bet there's a more famous scandalous Austrian, though
Ew, don't get me started on the watermelon milk
We will probably legalize pedophilia before gay marriage
My accent is as far from a Latvian one as it could be
Same stuff repeated itself in Syria, there were no ''terrorists'' there at the very beginning of that war, it was only when the fighting really took of did the first Al Nusras and ISIS and what not started to apear.
This is really horrible
A crack in society that is being used to try and pry it apart by You Know Who
Russian, 30 percent of our population are russians
Democracy and Krimnashism aren't compatible - pick one or the other
I mean, most of the gold trading works on I.O.U.
For makes - "ijs" or "iņš" "ītis"
Trikāta
Transfer money to Revolut, it costs like 40c, and then use a Revolut card for an ATM
Yeah, must be abortions, does not make any sense otherwise.
He also has a lot of content on youtube about it
My friend who has ash brown hair was always called blonde in Portugal, even though here in Latvia it is the pretty much the darkest shade of hair you will see.
> Also what's the worst thing about Latvia
Riga, but to be more specific, the Pardaugava part of the city
People say that you are not even a real country, so of course you can pretend you are not there and hope that Russkies will forget about you.
Perkele
They had the worst reputation in Latvia a few years ago.
Why did you take the lowest number?
Anything that is not past Russia's Europe to the East
According to ratings a singing show where local singers emulate performance of (usually) world famous song.
They will bring their personal network, gain some of the network of their predecestor and the process will strengthen some of those connections and weaken others
Sad of course, but then again it was sort of expected
In Latvian it's just "paldies". After it, you can add pronouns for whom the thank you is intended, but the word itself doesn't change
I kinda can do it, but for the little distance/time, because I have a fear of a depth
Nope
We will need to build pump storage or find a way to balance the grids
Cipars vai ģerbonis (Number or Coat of Arms)
In that case the other causes will have lowered will and in the end it isbunlikely theu will suceed.
As far as I've seen, 99% of flights to Europe have a stop in U.S., which isn't a big problem for me (I can get an ESTA), but because my wife's a native Salvadorian, getting a Transit(C) or Tourist(B) visa to just transit through U.S.
Was looking whether someone had already posted this
Vatican
But the traditional Latvian ones are, definitely, the most fun
Also make a new vase, and boom, you've got yourself a new krone bill.
Anyway, sounds like someone is trying to exaggerate the numbers (and thus damaging an actually decent cause)
It's little to no difference if a Latvian meets another Latvian or a Lithuanian anywhere abroad and the other way round
Lithuania - calls us horse-heads.
Something like suicide over losing face sounds completely unbelievable, too crazy for even an urban legend.
I’m not sure on Belarus or Ukraine, and I don’t know in Estonian, Albanian, Luxembourgish, Turkish or Greek - or a lot of the smaller regional languages
I think it is a template map used by Eurostat for everything.
Jersika
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is low effort.
I learned this here 5min ago and I ***cannot wait*** to use this to tease local Russians
How to say European countries name in Lithuanian/Latvian/Estonian
Accepting Russian annexation in ww2
Say you rival us agaaiiiiin
And understanding language is the only way that languages are learned
Characters in square brackets are never used in Latvian language.
Cringe
Is sad reality in Latvia
In Donbas war artillery accounts for 80-90% casualties, not tanks or infantry firearms.
Quite literally, since I joined one of the social liberal parties of Latvia.
Okay, okay, let's unite, Finland, Livonia stronger than ever!
Now the way the border bus works, is that locals don't need a passport to cross so foreigners have to get out, get stamped, and wait for the next bus, at both checkpoints
But Estonia and Lithuania don't even really play hockey ಠ_ಠ
Definitely appropriate for Latvia
I can buy washed (expensive) or not washed (cheaper)
I'm from Palanga, a beach resort in Lithuania and majority of our foreigner tourists are Estonians.
[Saule, Pērkons, Daugava]
My favourite response to the magic word one is to just say abracadabra
Weird, this map of Germany is a bit 'extended' to say the least.
It's 200 years old, was used to defend against Napoleon, and it's not a ruin, it's almost perfectly preserved.
Also wouldn't it be against European Convention on Nationality?
For me it's weird that Democrats are now anti-Russian and Republicans are Putinists it seems.
That's how this things usually work unless there are any exceptions, in this case the exceptions are explicitly stated, just like they are stated in the article 9.
I dont mean that we have it comparably terrible to drowning, but still the correlation between having an easier life and caring is there.
That gradually has been changing, final straw being the global economic crisis that hit Latvia the hardest from all the EU because of the collapse of the real estate market, but left Poland basically unscathed.
I and my more liberal friends are of the opinion that if a person learns the language, immerses themselves in the culture and appreciates it, (this is important) works towards the wellbeing and prosperity of Latvia and it's people, and considers themselves Latvian, then we will accept them as a Latvian.
One guy in particular stands out, he was a very pleasant, well-spoken Soviet Navy vet living next to me, and had some combat stories.
In the very broad sense of being socially conservative, yes, but considering the core issues, no.
Mmm, potatoes with molten Estonia sauce
Well, I just kinda had that "with a little help from my friends" rhyme stuck in my head when I posted that - so it wasn't exactly a factual statement.
"Šaursliežu dzelzceļš" and "glāžšķūņu rūķīši" are probably the usual suspects
My house had been broken into a few times in Latvia, while living in a pretty safe area for Latvian standards, if you left your bike outside a store, or forgot your phone or something it is very likely they will get robbed, while in the Uk you dont have to really worry about this
- So where are you from
Also as for the reports we get here about Belarusian power plant it kinda seems a bit sketchy on safety standards, even to stories that the reactor was accidentally dropped from few meter hight.
I agree, I haven't even watched 4 and 5, still if someone thinks there are 3, there are 5
Well, language that has different concepts that your own about very general and common things may change something about the way we express and reflect on our own points (we don't think "in a language", but once we involve speaking into analysis of thoughts), like in this example:  [
Plus Russia has better economy and infrastructure, it probably peforms better on bits that are not just beraucratic procedures, like getting electricity
Nowadays there is some movement towards an understanding of nationality divorced from ethnicity, but it's not widespread.
well they were Germans, so they kind of would have no right to get pissed and we could ignore them.......not saying we should have done that or anything
Hmm, electrolyze water when you have excess, combust O2+H2 when you lack
There's not enough coordination when it comes to European military.
Wouldn't change a bit
It's not as cheap and filled with strip clubs and prostitutes as it was 5-10 years ago
Not that I blame them, it's hard to build roads in the swampy areas.
I like that Latvian is quite a rare language, so if I go abroad nobody can understand me
**Lithuania:**
Don't let Lithuanians see this.
A "distance learning degree" sounds more respectable than an "online degree" for sure.
Courland/Couronian is what I use that causes no confusion
It reminds me of Swedish as it is spoken in language courses, with clearer enunciation.
There’s like one road, overtaking is tricky, and it’s lined with cops on the lookout for speeding tourists
Well, one should also take into account the market and sources
A significant amount of Latvians fled during the WW2 years and thereabouts, settling in Canada, Sweden, etc.
If one buys fresh milk or non UHT, you have to put it in a fridge and drink fast
You're supposed to call it beeing under Soviet occupation, "former Soviet republics" implies having legaly been part of Soviet Union
Will the UK be independent after Brexit
But given that the exchange rate had been fixed for a few years, the actual transition was nothing dramatic.
It wasn't the current Russians that did that
Interesting, I recognize a lot of these from German and Swedish!
consistently depicted as the bad guys
Its actually roman salute
Whether it's sex between them, a child being one etc, it's dominating with negative attitudes.
I still can’t believe I live in this timeline
Don't talk shit about Lithuania and Estonia
For Latvia: Prime Minister is main man/womann in country
There was actually a burger restaurant (can't remember the name but I think you have a few of them
I feel like I know only 20% of all of the terms and lingo in my native language (Latvian), also doesn't help that the older guys adopted the Russian terms for stuff
both Greece and Turkey is NATO members, so that doesnt really count
In german: Du bist eine kleine schweine
Can you provide sources for these claims please ?.
Not knowing Latvian in Riga is not OK for over a decade now, are you stuck in 90-s or something?
Yes thank you that was exactly my point
When Launching form Poland we hit Stockholm if anything goes wrong and every place on the coast of Lithuanian would put whole of Latvia's coast in danger.
The city center is completely safe
Know that there is another Nuclear power plant being built even closer to the capital (50km so we will be affected by bum) the press and all opposition went silent for some reason.
And then some of us say that we love democracy and dictatorship is shit
100 - simts
We had like 3 separate days/nights of snow
Russia is singled out and discriminated against.
Because individually the money is indeed wasted.
Either “what is that
So I suppose that when they get better at English they compensate by overdoing it
Same here in Latvia
Other cities have different public transportation systems, for example, I recsntly heard Ventspils relies on minibuses that have different price on each route
Never
Now that there will be some new alcohol taxes added in Estonia the next destination for "viinaralli" will probably be Latvia.
I would argue that it is Tatjana Ždanoka, co-chairwoman of the Latvian Russian Union party
I studied there and for first few years they didn't have electronic signing up for courses and mechanical ticket punchers in public transportation, this changed, but then we suddenly were forced to learn MS Office at university level taught by a guy constantly whining about how computer illiterate everyone is, and your Internet speeds were horrible.
I mean
The new rules severely limit the ability of family members of refugees to join them in Sweden.
The main reason for our slow performance is that our labour force grew tired of low wages and now wages are ridiculously higher than in other nearby post-socialist countries, meaning that we've lost a competition advantage when investing into new businesses in Latvia and Lithuania will be much more beneficial due to their lower wages.
I'm from Turkey and I'm looking to study computer science in Europe.
As far as languages go, it's the easiest
I agree, but then again standards for soldiers are a bit higher then for middle aged professional whos a bit on the chubby side
Just to emphasize this one point - your marijuana license/prescription will not be accepted, not because it's marijuana specifically but because prescriptions in general are very rarely accepted in other countries.
We have clean nature and lots of personal space together with all the cultural and technological amenities you would expect from developed country.
Small correction, you can only serve for two terms in a row.
You can have an economic system that eschews private property and still have a government awarding unearned resources to some people
I dispise both of those pieces of human trash, but my god if they're not men of pure Machiavellian geniality.
- every Latvian ever to every Suomalainen alkoturisti ever
I apolagise about this, I don't know what our government is thinking
I have never met your grandpa and *I* can tell you at least 10 reasons why *his life* was better in communism
First time I heard of a spelling bee was probably on Simpsons or some other kids’ show
I would pay Putin's weight in gold to see Russia try and Invade continential US
[Serious] What is the worst tragedy to happen in your country because of human error or just because someone ignored simple safety rules
Haha, tbh, I am kind of honoured you'd put Latvia's name there instead of alternatives . What did we do
China only punishes wealthy people who steps out of line or embarrasses Chinese rule
Others don't think so, but are very much conservative in the traditional sense, as in they don't like change.
Really hope things will change because I think its a great way to move around and would fix many problems
Wast majority of the people arguing here are not nazis, yet the salt, swears and downvotes are just bonkers
Is there an app for it or what
Also geylibtardwelcomists of Sweden are doing fine, but people on the internet told me Swedes have no families and are only having gay buttsex these days.
Obviously the benefits outweigh the few billion they can get from the Baltics.
I wouldn't have been able to take this seriously some years ago, but I now live in Sweden and the darkness is a real thing, and it sucks.
No, that was us along with Estonia and Lithuania, and there's still two years untill our 100 anniversary
He calls it stupid because it makes no sense..
At least we can sit down in the bar and share our love for ice hockey with you
Imagine what a blow it would be to the public image of Russia though, Russians view Byelorussians as brothers and friends, for them to swing from Russia to EU/NATO would be pretty funny, might be hard to keep up the Putin veil of lies, ol' polonium squad of FSB might have to work overtime.
Mašīna - machine (car)
Assaults on civilians and a fucking disinformation campaign to slander Latvians and use the prevalent threat of Russia to hide the misdeeds of one cunt?
They got a few names and translations right, better than some other shows, but that's it
nationalities - rather than individual cases.
People are incredibly welcoming as it's part of our culture + the nightlife is amazing and also cheap.
The largest contributor is refined petroleum, that's 22% of all our imports from Lithuania.
this is what you see from a blue house with blue window in Latvia
For both of them you can buy tickets in mobile apps and then show them from phone screen
Not that object against having to breathe less car exhaust fumes, but are there really European cities with a heavy air pollution?
I think its the ruling system
They created new ones I think when the union fell
Crusade does not explain religious differences between very catholic Lithuania+Latgale and very agnostic rest of Latvia+Estonia
- UNESCO
Even Armenia doesn't recognize its independence
Respect towards WW2 veterans doesn't exist, only nazism.
No Gods in Latvia and Estonia mate.....people pretty much stopped believing in Gods after Nazi and Soviet occupations, and have not changed since.
I can imagine a Scandinavian Union (Sweden, Finland, Norway, Denmark, Iceland), a Baltic Union (Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, possibly Belarus), a Romantic Union (France, Italy, Spain, Belgium, possibly Portugal) and a Germanic Union (Germany, UK, Netherlands, Czech Rep, Austria) and maybe a Mediterranean Union (Italy, Greece, Portugal, Spain, Malta, France, Cyprus, etc)
Even in August there were very few tourists around which we enjoyed.
Isn't Macron the boss from Quake?
How many hours a week "hard working Dutch, Germans and Swiss" work?
We even have a table in our university
Latvia doesent even have any of its own banks AFAIK.
And perhaps strangest of all, fries on a pizza - usually on a kebab-topped pizza.
Koknese (Translates to "Wood bearer")
(Riga is geographically separated in two parts by the Daugava river
Why would you compare Latvia with Iceland?!
It is extremely rude and they had no right to do that especially when you were with guests
In Russia they keep refugees in limbo status for years, without possibility of employment, and deport them on short notice without giving reasons.
For example, if I would to say that
Happy Independence day Brialukas
A Rimi, a Nesta, a Statoil and renvoated Soviet era blocks.
Jeans and the Christmas tree
To save your friendship and establish a new one, we now offer [a package deal] on Latvian/Estonian border
It does depend on the wind a lot, we have some very strong winds on the Baltic coast
Voters have no real knowledge of how their own country operates and what it needs to operate.
There doesn't exist such a thing in the law here
In the 80's, you could see a novuss table in every yard during summer
But I stopped buying there because of one stupid policy they have
Shit  what happened later sucks, but things are as they are
Now younger people use words like milleniāļi or boomeri
Alternatively, the [merchant navy flag of the Duchy of Courland and Semigallia] is also somewhat iconic
It originated in Russia, supposedly because of a book written by some Russian woman that **supposedly** married a Norwegian and then had to run with her child when she realized how "sick" the Norwegian society is
What does opinion of Russian government (people were the victims, not government) has to do with Portuguese statement?
She does not encourage the integration of minorities within Latvian society, but rather a conquest for "Russian rights" - Russian language as a state language, state funding for education entirely in Russian, and whatever else can be thought of
Countries like India or China barely get mentioned.
Can confirm, exactly the same in Latvia.
Yeah, I don't know why but it seems that both Romania and Latvia use the Polish embassy for diplomatic affairs with each other.
I remember everyone talking about the attacks the next day, every newspaper had the burning WTC towers, and the area outside the US embassy was overflowing with flowers.
America's on the wrong side /s
Like West would just swallow thousands of their soldiers and scores of military equipment killed or destroyed by nuclear weapons and say something like: "My bad, you can keep Estonia.` Lets trade.".
Thank god you linked railway station instead of our international bus station...
Latvia is pretty cool
In Latvia we have the light version explaining maps like these
It's my hobby, wouldn't say it's super popular, but plenty of other people seem to do it.
Yes, we are kinda afraid but out of three we have the smallest precendente of minorities who "need to be saved" I feel like Latvia is way more in trouble if population suddenly "feels oppressed by gay fascists"
you are always the Fashist
I'm surprised that Poland helped Latvia.
Yeah, but that appears to be just one factor in the assesment and I don't see how somebody from a democratic country can figure out much about what their country could do better from few overview paragraphs that adress problems with authoritarian regimes as well
Long story short
Riga atm
There was no Russia in 1000 AD.
Get a citizenship
The CIA counts Baltics as EE, but not those other countries.
Your relatives won't change anything in that case.
Went to a water park in Ventspils, Latvia I believe?
For example - black people in folk dress could be a way to symbolise a product which infuses modernity, Western living with traditional Lithuanian (Latvian) life.
Fuck the investments, you know what we don't have now?
* Pēteris Stučka was a staunch communist, and [a member of Lenin's internal circle] and was interned in the Kremlin Wall Necropolis after his death in 1932
Romania sounds like a mania of ro, whatever ro is
Something's a bit odd there, it lists the top nationalities for Ireland as Italian, US and Romanian?
"Eurocrats blah blah blah" is just some tired left wing mantra.
They will have to work on 2021-05-08 (Saturday)
There’s like one road, overtaking is tricky, and it’s lined with cops on the lookout for speeding tourists
>or put some talking points on a whiteboard
They use NATO with all it's American might.
Zurich is mercantile, so it's an easy way to get some jewelry and porcelain, that would definately add some hapinness to our empire.
Seriously the only interest from Germany about EU military would be to get arms contracts for Rheinmetall, KMW, EADS and others.
For example back in Sovet Union, at some point, newly weds would get x amount of boxes of vodka from government so my dad's first student "marriage" was to just get free stuff
Georgia hasn't but this is more due to lobbying from both EU and Russian sources which inevitably leads to friction.
But Latvia has faster growing economy, lower unemployment and lower budget deficit.
But there is also “veseris,” probably from the same root, which does mean a large hammer
I can barely understand the latgallian dialect from the eastern part of the country (some of them consider it its own language)
Most people will know some French, and many speak it fluently, but don't be surprised if you encounter people who would rather speak English than French.
In reality, if UK had some of the really right wing parties from other European countries then they would really have something to complain about
To prevent manipulation of public opinion.
</sarcasm>
I tend to associate Latvia with West Virginia because both the land area and population match.
I use Apple products everyday, but It will be funny if they don’t include european charger and you need to buy it for 39
That's half the reason I'm moving to Germany
I know most people here hate statisticians or those who'd like to know big data for company purposes, but for me it was a wonderful compromise, and there's actual work put in so that privacy is protected.
The meaning should be "S*it faster, the bear is coming
Trouble is that there allready was significant enough emigration starting from 19th century and back then people often left and settled elsewhere in the World in groups, so realistically they could preserve their heritage, but if they or their descendants were not citizens and returned at any point after 1940 then they would have to go through naturalization process, despite likely allready meeting main requirements to prove that the person is integrated well enough to be a functional citizen (knowing Latvian language and history) due to their heritage, so instead there is a rule that ethnic Latvians and Livonians still can get citizenship, if they don't have ancestor who was citizen, but there was ancestor living in what was Latvian territory during the interwar period after 1881 (not sure why this is the cut off date).
And what did the Russians learn from all that
( go ahead, downvote liberals)
Because otherwise the levels of irony are just unbearable
They are not that rare- more than 7 million were minted, so definitely not from a coin set.
- Ilgvars (The One-Who-Can-Do-(It)-Long :D)
False, Estonia and Latvia were two countries of 15 that didn't gave citizenship for all population in 1991.
Europe in 1942 (colourised)
Maybe a few words of lithuanian and definitely not "easily".
I like the uzo (?) Republic in the middle of Vilnius that was cool too.
Latvia and Lithuania soon will be in the light blue column
Poland looks like coal paradise
In Latvian it is skurstenis (the -is is the standard word ending)
Literally, a single bear and we share him with Estonia
#"DIVISIOOON
Try saying "*Visneiedomājamākais šaursliežu dzelzceļš*".
Every single person in my village lived with what is called extreme material deficiency, and some of them couldnt even feed themselves without borrowing money
Albeit I'd make the [Presidential Standard] as the main one
Sure there are political differences, but you are ignoring many other cultural aspects (and political differences within countries are common here, too).
According to you reddit, trolls are always out in full force on every thread rofl.
Both are diminutive for brothers
Lastly what does Latvia and what does being Latvian mean to you personally
Goes like this mostly: " so you live in Russia
It is a mind-numbingly gigantic country.
we have towns and villages like that in Latvia as well......and when you really look into it and try to find out why they are failures, it's usually because they were created artificially.....meaning they never had the ability to be self sufficient in open market.
I want Russians to understand what the Soviets did to their neighboring states, and to understand the way how we see it, so that it eliminates a huge thorn in our societies ability to cooperate and coexist.
But I've never met anyone in my country who would be charged rent (a specific amount of money) by their parents
I didnt realise it until I started to learn German
are back together again, yes, brother
East Slavic minorities in Estonia and Latvia almost don't exist on maps because they are confined to small urban areas.
People, who were involved with the Communists are disliked here, so we don't have them in the open
Our several last parliamentary elections have each set a record for the lowest turnout, and with the EU elections it's even worse.
1001 - tūkstoš viens
Well it kind of makes sense, though.
About half of university students are regularly employed.
We would probably need Latvia as they are the only one around with 500+ km of sea straight north to launch.
This is exactly the effect articles like I posted speak about - misinformation to the fucking max.
I'm not Serbian, but can relate as my mother language is Russian
Oh and our Prime Minister Krisjanis Karins was born in Delawere, USA
I would argue that it is Tatjana Ždanoka, co-chairwoman of the Latvian Russian Union party
I propose we call them the Food Europe and the Fodder Europe.
Latvian state's budget for next year [looks at least as impresive] They [made a point]#/photos/saeima/29684279913/in/set-72157675086629866/) about delivering it to parliament in a usb stick
Verhofstadt and many EU technocrats are starting to sound like broken records.
Are both sets of countries easy to travel within?
But we kinda share a sea border if exclusive economic sea zones count
Pohuj = coming from Russian but the literal translation would be something like “by a dick”
We have articles in major news outlets even upon a throwaway mention of our country
The last Russian forces left Estonia only in 1994, for example.
Which is one of the problems with learning history in school, your are in 5th grade, learning stuff that happened 15 years ago, or whatever book you government approved most recently, but since you don't delve into politics on your free time - everything that happened after that flies above your head until you are older and take an interest
Putting Latvian flag instead of Austrian flag :
Who is this person
Or, if they actually did something, once faced with Western technology, standards and requirements, suddenly realized how useless all of their education or experience is
Why in the Netherlands the bottle of water costs 2 euros
If you drive too fast in Malta, you can fly off of the island
The 'joke' was acceptable until you added RU at the end
50+ something old dudes and ladies are hardly experts on anything that involves IT, they have old fashion law degrees, and don't understand a single internet nuance
8,372 killed by execution and rape in Srebrenica
The Tsar wasn't the only russification enthusiast
But some of my top wish items are:
I hope most people have either stone homes or A/Cs
Only two other cities have universities (I mean universities specifically, not colleges or some other institutions), so most people that live in or near Riga do not move for studies.
Why do you bring race into this?
They went even as far as to claim that [the Latvian citizens murdered by Soviet secret police] after invasion of 1940 were actually victims of "Fascists".
At least it's not One Direction.
It's way cheaper than electricity and for now also than low temperature district heating, which is achieved with wasted heat and heat pumps, which comes with its own challanges
**Latvia** - Better beaches and awesome cities.
But if you search for German tanks, you'll get a source saying there are about 220.
> And it would also get along with Russia
Latvians aren't usually very extraverted, very much into "mind your own business" culture, and just start to speak with strangers and try to become friends would probably end in an anxiety attack for both participants.
Isn't this being done kind of already
The thing at Freedom Monument is an immature political act and most of the people involved in organizing it are not exactly pleasant unless you like extreme nationalism.
No, we dont have these
It is a day off, since 4th of May (independence restoration day) is free and so there would not be a weird gap we have 4 days free (1st to 4th)
Man = me
Because that Latvian does not know russian but the other Latvian only speaks russian.
- Laimnesis (The Luck-Bringer)
A promise of "workers freed from chains" resonated quite well
There of course is a better version of the story which includes wives of a village :)
Fillon wants to appease Moscow "so he can fight islamists".
We’re Northern compared to a lot of Europe, but we did used to be in the Eastern Bloc
There's a standard English language test as well.
I guess pronouncing the k was too much work for them
Moscow never even wanted to negotiate such a thing as these countries not ''belong to them'', not then not now either
I don't support shooting thousands upon thousands of euros on a pretty lights show at New Years, but I don't cry about ''muh taxes''.
It translates to "it's not the chinese alphabet
Education is one of the very few areas where people still routinely write by hand (and I consider that a waste of time)
Latgale: mini Russia in Latvia
wow a concrete and glass building to make people feel despressed omg
Hesburger's the only place we frequent
Latvia and other Baltic countries have 'none-citizens', ie.
I'm basing my view of the average Russian middle sized town as of that of an average, smaller town in Latvia (though I'm guessing due to substantial regional wealth influx ours look better), and a poorer district might be akin to some parts of Riga, Liepāja or Daugavpils which are pretty much downtrodden, yet I still wouldn't classify them as ''living in shit''.
We have to learn Latvian and World history till 9th grade and then we repeat everything and go more in depth in high school
I love how I can understand the Lithuanian sentence, even without the translation
As far as i know we have only [Cinevilla]
The ones I mentioned are of definite Latvian/Baltic origin
Half of these are Latvians who have come over for a couple of days
Don't think they support Macron tho
I wonder if people who produce lies so cynical are mentally healthy
Back when I was teenager I wanted to marry a princess so I looked up current princesses around the world
In Catalonia for instance, you pay a bit over 2 Euro per night in tax if you're staying at a 5-star hotel, half of that at a 4-star hotel.
My father used it everytime somebody in my family was too long in the toilet
I guess that is just not possible
little/cute/tiny dog = sunītis
It specifically says "the nation of Latvia" and has lawyers fawning over it for such an enlightened, all-inclusive thinking for 1920s, when there weren't 25% Russians living in Latvia
This is something I posted a while ago in reply to a nostalgic Russian dude.
*Napalm has left the chat*
I've not studied in the US, and my knowledge of the US system is based mostly on online reading and talking to people who have studied there.
In latvian showel is Lāpsta, pronounce- Laapsta
I love'em
- Jautrīte (The Fun-One)
Revolut cards use Visa, no one can track you
looks like the flag of the united baltic duchy
But it has been fulfilled by a strong figurehead usually, which I think is a bit different in Latvia.
I never understood the comparisons wit Brexit.
Well, hate to break it to ya mate but Latvia is poor.
If NATO haven't gone Yugoslavia on Serbia, Serbia might still be this ultra weird semi criminal state isolated from rest of the Europe.
Kids these days want to order everything online!
There are 8 EU MPs from Latvia, out of 751.
Well, not really, but black people native to Latvia are very, very few.
I always vote with the hope of changing that and bringing younger blood into the mix
Also the UK and the US traditionally hate Russians.
I'd rather be ruled by elite then by commoners.
After all, the rest of us are just here to work for them and make them money
There is a case for enlightened liberal absolutism being a good form of government.
the Czech republic is seriously concentrating on IT you should try.
I guess it be the [first awakening] considering it basically created the idea of a Latvian state
Kaldabruņa (to me this name sounds like the name of an old lady)
I’m fluent in French, so If I go to France I just speak french
And also the territory of modern Latvia along with good chunck of other lands was ceded by Soviet Russia to Germany in March of 1918, which apperently was planing to create a puppet state here, but then they lost in the war.
So fuck the 30% Russians living in Latvia, I suppose
Over here sometimes people are addressed by their position, e.g., teacher, doctor, if we don't know the name or don't want to be overly familiar but other than that it's all first names, except very formal situations
Hence Pardaugava means “over the Daugava river”)
These questions should determine his fate
It's important to keep in mind mistakes done in first half of 20th century so we don't repeat it again and, despite whole brexiting thing, temporary insanity in Poland etc, I think level of ties between European countries would make a  positive difference nowadays
Yep, but many people from "eastern" europe died in Afghanistan and Iraq...
Personally I'm more afraid of the lack of respect Americans have for devices that are mainly designed to easily and effectively kill or damage living things.
I remember driving through Lithuania in 2014 and they still had Litas
I'm not sure if other languages have this but as far as I know, I haven't seen one besides Lithuanian maybe, but there are only 6 endings and one exception, nouns only have two genders, so most male nouns end with "s" and most female with "a" or "e" . My foreign friends always laugh about how they can take any word, add an "s" and now they sound Latvian
ministers busy talking shit about Spain and demanding Catalonian secession?
There is a Martin's day in Latvia.
Lithuania, just like Latvia and Estonia are Eastern European.
So Latvia can now also be called the Soviet Union I guess.
But the app lagged out and ordered to the closest Hesburger to my work not my place
I mean you are nobody from nowhere with nothing and Latvia is not good enough.
Dude like every second Latvian is named Jānis.
All German recipes come from Latvia, because without the culinary brilliance of Latvians none of them would have gone back to Mainland Germany from Livonia.
*screams in poorly translated latvian*
"Aye
I might have had a different opinion if not for the seething hate for cursive I acquired due to being forced to write useless shit in school
like me - look in the clothing.
Yeah, uhm
You're the builder of strawmen, I never specified ethic Russians in South Ossetia, Russia just used whatever was available as an excuse, and for Latvia, using local Russians an excuse to invade would have happened years ago without NATO.
I think OP is talking about present day, not 30 years ago
Just do image search on those images...
Estonia, I lived there for a few years and it's like 90% the same.
I want hot summer
What like for polanball type of things?
But unironical
IIRC the main danger there is not that it's so radioactive that it needs to be shielded, but that the part of the building that exploded could collapse and spread all the radioactive material in it around, so this is meant to contain polution, if that happens and it also will allow them to safely demolish the building.
" and most of the time we would be very happy, but sometimes this Estonian can be a Finland simp that thinks that they above us or something and don't belong to Baltic States at all
Like if you are running in election and the current leader is on the right then you should move your platform a bit to the right in order to "steal" some of their votes.
I do remember there being a sketch comedy show on TV many years ago, and one of the sketches parodied Estonians by speaking very, *very* slowly.
I'm guessing you're now talking about Latvia, because Poland most certainly does not have a problem with "not being perceived as a real country".
"Doičlenderis" is slang for a* German in Latvian and I got mixed up!
Might as well be the view in Riga as well.
Can you explain why it is like that
One can also say Russians suffered a lot more under the Russian Empire than the Soviet Russia, yet anybody would laugh if somebody says Russian Empire wasn't a Russian state.
Not only Scandinavian, Baltic and Belarus forests are absent, but also there are not forests in the mountains of Carpats, Balkans and Caucasus
Might as well compare paying protection money with extorting protection money
They said the same thing about Ukraine's Orange revolution in 2004.
The only countries that Russophilia won't work are Poland, Ukraine, Lithuania, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Finland.
The NATO Alliance must therefore puts its force into a counter attack to drive the Russians out.
My neighbour is Dzidra
In Latvian the ladybug is usually called bizbizmārīte, which could be literally translated as 'buzz buzz little Mary
In my uni there's session after each semester (January and June).
My favourite joke goes like this: (it's not about the current leader tho, haven't heard any about him)
Boiled potatoes with meat and sauce
"To be ass and shit" - haha, love it!
Nah, that's too strong, it could keep standing after a storm
If anything, that’s a Swedish thing
That's why every case is different - now if Lombardy in Italy wanted to secede because they're rich, that would be more complicated.
Scarce resource are educated people with degrees and experience.
France and England are looking very good but have some issues, still strong contenders.
20 - divdesmit
As we don't have any mountains in my country, I'd say no
What Estonia and Latvia did is extremely benevolent.
I'm a little irked by the misaligned text
My town of Dobele, Latvia has a castle ruins either
Inequality rising with most people seeing little to no real income growth in the past 10 years (but Estonia, Latvia, Poland leads), productivity woes continue with package of reforms needed - says OECD report
In Latvia anyone can chop down a singe tree for their home, if it's a state owned firest
Can I wear a CCCP shirt with hammer and sickle publicly in Latvia?
Great trails, an interesting castle, and beaches by the river for a nice post-hike dip.
I mean, both are in Europe so that is enough for me
) We have a lot of "cursed"(mostly bad) boomer humor that is shared on facebook or local social network for boomers -draugiem
My own grandmother, who just turned 98, hasn't followed the news for like five years, before I would say she and most people her age shared nostalgia for the interwar period and dislike of Russians as far as it concerns modern politics, otherwise everything was remembered as events, not in terms of politics of that era.
I've seen people describing Lithuanian as Portuguese-Czech mix, Polish-Latin/Romance mix, Portuguese-Russian and as "drunk Latgalian" by Latvians.
Russia thinking in the 72
Father think moment, say "Daughter, I no send you America." Potato is more salt.
Yes
Recently I've been saying veči a lot, translates to guys or old men
Reallistically companies for which it makes sense, like large multinationals might and likely allready have
But I don't for a moment believe that nearly half of our voter population doesn't have any opinion on our party politics and government.
Twice for Latvia:
there is a rival, and there is a hostile enemy to my east......I will keep that rival around, at least until Russia backs of and leaves Europe alone
It will always be an adventure
same for latvians
Further than Ural mountains
Nope nothing disrespectful at all.
To our defense, he is probably Russian.
That happened to only metallurgical plant in Latvia, which lose competitiveness to Chinese steel, because our tariff on electricity contain part which are used to support green energy and that was too much
No, before WW2, the latvian army was very barebones, purely defensive, and what i meant was, when latvia was invaded, and later attacked by the germans, the small amount of planes we had, were called into battle, but some of them experienced friendly fire, due to their insignia being similar to german insignia
You cut your expenses and save.
Two hours Riga to Tallinn, one and a half Riga to Kaunas, it almost twice faster than now
Puts things into perspective
But not everyone can work from home
You haven't heard of the Eurotunnel ? The fines engineering of Roman empire
Most of it justs floats there uneaten (fish and ducks are overfed and don't want to eat anymore) and ruins the view
yes
It's still taking shit without paying
Sweden is as close to cash-free as any country, but the cards most people used are debit cards, not credit, even though they're sometimes called credit cards in everyday speech.
The average metric is exactly the thing that's wrong in this comparison :)
Prescriptivism, people shouldn't really be questioning what the rules for using words in their native language is (oviously doesn't apply to using too many loans and/or words in a way that deviates entirely from socially agreed meaning snd such, but for example, insisting that sensitive can be used only for enotions and you should say s**a**nsitive for phisical sensations, when nobody does that IRL)
99 lol
>I'm staying not everything is exactly like your media made you believe
Lithuanian and Latvian are Baltic language group.
And a de-facto two-party system is bad for a number of reasons.
If for nothing else then because there's more history and glamour behind it.
Because USA presence in all things defense have been becomes the default in the whole world.
It's hard for me to give advice as I've never experienced anything like this, but I can just say I'm sorry for your situation
Latvian: "Zaļā zāle zaļo zaļā zaļumā"
People also mix up Slovakia and Slovenia, and Latvia and Lithuania.
The red on the flag is the color of blood (hence different from the Austrian, also the proportion is different) and the story goes that the christian crusaders in the 13th century slayed one of the ancient Latvian warlords, his body was carried away from the battlefield on a sheet of white linen, blood gushing from the sides, it was later raised as a pagan battle flag against the crusaders to avenge him (that story probably is entirely bullshit that was made up sometime in the 19th century, but a cool story nontheless).
Welcome to the club
Way too high
From countless Russians I encountered, they hate almost everything here.
BS - it's a criminal offense and no sane person risks it for meager sums anymore.
Latvian companies produce our own patrol ships at "Rīgas kuģu būvētāva":
* [Canadian guy speaking perfect Latvian]
Actually even with Potter it was a bit weird, although my understanding is that it was common in several languages, I thonk the only fantasy book series they churned out back then in which the style suited was Arthemis Fowl
The Baltics weren't prepared, we thought, what could go wrong, it's just a government...
Not sure about the pronounciation, since I haven't really met many people who would speak it as a foreign language
I am talking of large ethnoses - i.e.
Still plenty of people are unhappy with the color and it's unfortunate EU has missed this, especially given that its commonly associated with blue, it may seem sily, but symbols are important for people
“They’re scared to death of Russia,” Gen.
As long as Turkey and Greece both are in NATO - war is impossible.
If there's no fish then also plus a peace of cake
Dievlūdzējs - "diev(s)" meaning "God" and "lūdzējs" meaning "(someone who) prays".
I've worked with Lithuanians and Latvians in Ireland and their English was usually very good not like some of my polish comrades.
Regarding other countries it's called rebel support, but let's stay at heavy input.
This is also if you're a dual citizen of Greece and the US.
They view homosexuality exactly like you view pedophilia.
The rest of the country certainly wouldn’t accept a Latgalian/Russian city as the capital so Daugavpils is out of the question
Race is pretty irrelevant here, ethnicity is a statistic, but I think one mostly can choose not to report it.
I think it's already a requirement for citizenship by naturalization
This is fucking disgusting and insulting to the absolute max.
Then it was only cursive
swedish: Jag talar inte svenska
7649th dimension
I'm not saying that Romania/Bulgaria are more vulnerable than Estonia/Latvia, however both areas should be kept secure.
Lithuania never fell under direct Swedish or Danish rule, the closest thing that came is [Union of Kėdainiai]ėdainiai) which was broken soon before it could even be legitimate.
>The Schuman plan is one of the main reasons for the long peace, with the economic integration of Europe war is now unthinkable in Europe and the relations between Germany and France have never been higher
^^Sorry, ^^braliukas, ^^but ^^it's ^^intentionally ^^misspelled ^^as ^^per ^^the ^^"crazy ^^how ^^nature ^^make ^^dat" ^^joke, ^^^which ^^^I ^^^implemented ^^^incorrectly.
So I still think it's at least a little bit disrespectful
Latvia was on the verge of going on offensive in Pskov oblast in 2012
Yeah, same situation here, only no recognition for Latgallian : ( And the national railway company got fined for having informative signs in English and Russian in addition to Latvian.
Plus they’re catholic unlike the rest of Latvia
Etats-Unis
Damn Russians
They say that our system leads to longer waiting times, especially as they're are less doctors available in the surgery.
No shitter paper for any government institutions.
A lot of times light blue and dark blue represent different colours the same way as light green and dark green.
I believe at least in Latvia's case its due to open borders and emigration
Both cards are given only to registered residents of the city,thou in Riga you can buy a small amount of these cards,even if you are not a resident of the city
However it does not mean we're nazis, especially since our thundercross has nothing to do with the nazis.
The key chain had a carabiner (or what's it called) to unclip the coin from the rest of the key chain
Only rivaled by the magnificent New Kids Turbo
I think the main reason is that asylum procedure outside of central/western Europe is a mess.
People assuming that you are one of "those" Russians.
Most Latvians can understand a bit of Lithuanian, but the two languages aren't mutually intelligible
Or Lithuania/Latvia back in the past.
But that's not meant in a classist way, it's more of a "lol this dude got saggy triceps lmao"
We take it bit by bit
It's not just that, living abroad is a pretty great life experience in itself.
Nor do most people know what aspects of our own culture do we derive from Baltic Germans and those are essentially identical with Latvia.
The Emperor Napoleon III of the Second French Empire commissioned Georges-Eugène Haussmann to renovate Paris to quell uprisings to help the government of Emmanuel Macron of the Fifth French Republic
How do you get Ratobia from Latvija?
Are you calling Andris Bērziņš more prominent?
What's the point
Very common in everyday language, but shouldn’t be used in a proffesional environment
The languages are closely related but not mutually intelligible
Meanwhile in Latvia it is raining, and the forecast is that this is it, no more winter for us.
In my city there is free public transport for those who live here
Europeans and Russia is not even on the same scale so these comparisons are pointless.
2020 definitely does not have an anticlimactic ending to be sure
There is an event for remembering the dead, it's held in war cemetery in Lestene.
Hong Kong was only given away in 1999
Doesn't Estonia has a similar deal as in Latvia where presidency is really weak, with almost no powers?
In most places if you know the local language, the other person will switch to english if you have trouble understanding something.
It just will be different Europe - anti-gay marrige, anti MENA immigration, anti-Islam, pro-nativism.
Is there something wrong with current approach - too slow, too fast, too large, too small or whatever - that makes members try to avoid it in favour of some other means to get the result they'd like?
Edit: the answer is actually no because i misunderstood the question
Yea, that's an odd one
Jump on a ferry and come to Riga.
I have so many "friends" who picked Russian, but now work in a German speaking country, what a bunch of idiots.
Riga's Christmas tree lit using world's largest Rube Goldberg machine
I'm worried even now that Western countries may turn too much towards the safety side, given that even accounting for the spike in terror attacks, Western Europe is overall safer than ever before, taking the probability of you getting killed unexpectedly.
But they are such low people, that you know they are in politics for being important and for some sort of power, rather than due to their ideological beliefs
Eh, Hindenburg hardly had a choice from what I understand
Happy Independence Day, brothers
I was working in a bar in Amsterdaam.
Wait 15 languages
If we call something 'not bad' or 'quite good' that's really high praise, and it's not always interpreted that way by Americans.
Same would happen for any NATO country.
The reference was about Latvia.
7 centuries under german rule have not gone unnoticed
You sound like a trapped mouse crying for help :/ Russia isn't invading foreign countries, it's only protecting it's interrests in other parts of the world.
The placement of Latvia over what would be Idaho (potato capital of USA) did not go unnoticed.
It's sad, but true
we are northern only compared to other Eastern European countries like Ukraine or Poland, but never truly Nordic.
Or even worse, uncle Russia will claim it and turn it into vodka!
Love of Latvia doesn't exist, only jingoistic neo-nazi hate of Russia.
The problem is that brexiters don't want a deal that's similar to those of Norway or Switzerland
But ot be fair, due to centuries of living on the border and being under powers from north, east and west, it's a bit of everyhting
I find it amusing that Brexiters are so strongly against Scottish independence.
Ēdole
they appear to be like us, but there is this underlying thing that makes me wonder if we're from the same planet
I liked that oak growing in exactly the middle of football field the most.
So moving the capital to Daugavpils would definitely be seen as a move back under Russian sphere of influence which most of the Latvian population would resent
Right, I always forget about Turkey.
What you need is 5 brazilians in an arabic town then?
Because there are not enough translated resources
100 years ago they had a revolution where they overthrew their Tsar
Maybe some little old lady would say that in polite company when she's dropped her crocheting needles, although I suspect that she's seen more than you think and could outdo a drunken stevedore in profanity
Just a very different subculture.
Here are more anthropological types of USSR population from Criminality research institute of Interior ministry of USSR
When I went to Poland I was really surprised of why there were billboarda everywhere
Actually its very bad, Latvian decrease is majority young, working age people, with more females than males.
To be fair, 200 km is about the largest distance a person from Riga can travel without leaving the country.
Aging societies don't fight wars
The national symphonic orchestra is performing in a lovely but cramped 19th century building (Lielā Ģilde) in the Old Town and no government can come to an agreement where to build the new one and they've been looking for a location for at least 10 years now
Fuck yea
knuckles - one kid would put his fist on a table and another would flick a coin along the table at their knuckles
Mix up of identities and ideologies on the scale USSR seen makes for some fucked up mixes, indeed.
Now I just go swimming every day, but the water is getting warmer too
Right
Jewish car
Sounds about right to me
Eastern Ukraine doesn't have much of that either really.
Teachers seem to dislike it, because it will require novel approach, parents on the other hand appear to have missed that bit, so they're pissed too
Its just what they do
The biggest voted party in Latvia is the pro-Moscow party which has supported stuff like making Russian the second official state language and going more towards the style of rule of Russia.
I didn't even rememer Brussels was in Belgium
Cheap ones
Everyday in my feed there is an article about Latvia or other Baltic country preparing to war.
It's first and foremost an economic problem
on about 60% of words you can, but we have fucky words as i said before
Their political and economic posturing clearly shows they have vested interest in taking control of Latvia - not necessarily to benefit local Russians, but to minimise their external perceived threat.
Me : Latvia
Isn't it usually the other way around?
There are maybe 70-80 alive languages in Europe, there are 477 in India, Africa is at a staggering 3000.
We share most aspects with Finland and with other Nordic countries, but have taken a lot from Baltic Germans.
getting freedom then getting occupied by ussr then by Nazis then by ussr
Yes
Even then I doubt they'd be so brash as to just roll tanks into a NATO country when they haven't even done that yet with Donbass in Eastern Ukraine, clearly not a NATO member.
USSR didn't have police, but militia
Don't talk shit about Lithuania and Estonia
40s were wars and deportations, 50s guerilla unrest, 60s-70s the beggining of new indpenendence movement, 80s is the independence movement, 90s is the decade of the new independance and all chaos that comes with it, 2000s were all about NATO, EU, economic crisis and failed promises and 2010s currently are all about dissent against goverment, political apathy and russian threats.
Usually there are laws which protect languages spoken by minorities, not the other way around.
Depends
Oh, I thought he was just a weirdo.
Yeah, he has Laikykites ten show for Lithianian audience about our internal politics and decided to try branching out a bit.
Iirc, Latvia was bigger before WWII.
Russian: Священная Римская империя
Without soviet help communists in Poland wouldn't have enough support to even think about starting a war.
Doesn't matter how you define word "immigrant".
Perkele
12 - divpadsmit
I feel like I'm playing some unexpected guessing game for some reason
That is because the Mali goverment only gave them mandate for the operation in such time.
* Pēteris Stučka was a staunch communist, and [a member of Lenin's internal circle] and was interned in the Kremlin Wall Necropolis after his death in 1932
Ich hab' sie beide gehört lang bevor Ich dieses Post geöffnet hatte
I use a comma for decimal separators and a space as a thousand separator but I don't know if that's a widespread practice :D
Rail Baltica has only value as an effective way to transport heavy duty military equipment - tanks, artillery, munitions, etc.
Residency permits aren't considered an ID document.
Okay [is she speaking Latvian] with out any accent?
From a European perspective, Slovenia is definitely not in the same group as Estonia and Lithuania, but from an American perspective, they will all be just about equally unusual.
Instead definitely check out the Wall Museum,
I expected German subtitles, but there weren't any
You answered your question in the very same comment
Every time you buy a computer, whether you want it or not, you MUST pay Microsoft a fee.
I have Latvian ancestry so I try to go there as frequently as possible.
Hesburger has a stupid ass policy that if your late, they will trow the food out
Belaz
Yes, it was a minor feature in housekeeping class, a subject I really hated
Country actually feels broken beyond repairs
This woman does whatever she can to promote a "let's fight for the good old days" rhetoric among the Russian-speaking populace in Latvia
We have a ton of shared history both with Estonians and Lithuanians, especially in the past 100 years, and we love them both very much
19 - deviņpadsmit
We have some political pro-Russian parties, but one of them is just meh, would never vote for them, and another one always turned out to be in opposition despite gathering the biggest amount of voice
Luckily it's nothing urgent, I just hope that they would reopen at all
I also once heard that Latvians have easier time understanding Lithuanians than vice versa, but I am not sure how this holds true
Essentially unknown in Latvia, I think.
They still can operate, they just need to disclose where their financing is coming from.
The question was never gona be famous
Estonia can only into liquor colony.
Give anything that counts as ‘nightlife’ an extremely wide berth
You English are cheeky cunts
Tanks just need more infantry support or are great supporting the same infantry.
It's a snack that goes along with beer.
Pie Brīvības pieminekļa trešdienas, 30.
I wanted to say hate, but hate is a strong word and i didnt want to offend anyone:D
In one of the previous years heavy snowing started only in late January.
It's dumb first because it's a winner-takes-all system with the electoral college that guarantees only some states matter in the general election.
There are several dozen minority languages in Europe that didn't make it onto this list, since they are not official languages at the EU level.
respecting the dead on the opposite side, the ''enemy''???
A couple of years ago black currant and cranberry flavored variations came out
This I think is a great quote for the situation in USA right now
taxes have nothing to do with phone or internet
When there's a shortage of housing, capitalists solve the problem by building more and selling it for profit
When will Trudeau receive Nobel Peace prize?
Dude 1
We recognize that governments formed by representative democracy are inefficient and prone to many problems, but we value the principle of letting everyone vote.
I’m pretty sure Latvia has about 3-4 dialects/accents
There is funny glitch, when using keyboard without Cyrillic, suddenly realization of that is coming and you completely forgetting where each letter was
Lunch buffet implies eating out
Tbh I'm not sure if we have such a thing, at least I haven't heard of it
You need a document issued by your country of citizenship generally, while your Aufenthaltstitel is issued by Germany and says nothing about your citizenship.
In Latvia 2l of water costs about 30 cents with deposit it is 40 cents, it just surprised me when I saw that big of a price for 2l of water
Yes I love them
This shit sometimes feels absurd
Why people in the West don't get it I don't know.
If you want to type a special character, press ' before typing the normal letter - typing in 'c results in č, for example
There are some major differences but for the most part, it feels like a familiar culture that diverged quite a fair bit.
If we can't provide sufficient entertainment in Russia or with Russian localisation, they will simply flock to Russian television, radio and movies, which arenjust filled to the brim with disgusting ultra-conservative ideology where European gays are molesting children, Norweigans are child thieves and the Baltics are a bunch of Nazis.
It's not even clear if the 51% figure is accurate
when I had to wait for a 30 sec add, to watch a 10 sec video
I agree, I mean, how do you not distinguish Polish from Russian?
But then again I squirm at the idea of most seafood
I consider myself to be Latvian who just happened to get Russian as my first language
you mean for the wars Serbs started and refused to end and then had the audacity to attack and kill UN peacekeepers
I now also know where you live - my condolences :)
It won't be usable in any automated machine, and you'll need to sign at shops.
Spanish border agents wouldn't ask for that card either, they would only care about your visa.
My point is there were other forces at work and if some skizophrenic Serbian terrorist hadn't lit the tinderbox then somebody else would have.
Sea freighting is pretty much the only thing Latvia does.
Given that football is the most popular sport in much of Europe, and that American football isn't very popular, very few people would think of the American game if you say "football".
Latvia passes innovative Startup Law
Felt like we were expected to spend a fortune just because we were "tourists". The nature and the coastline was still worth the money, tho
nobudy has ever said it wasnt , it was part of SS of course it was
Right and every time I hear a politician in West promising "good relationships" with Russia I think to myself - yeah, get ready to bend over
Same shit in Latvia
Still, would be interesting to see, because, really, it's hard to believe that these people would exist.
At least we can sit down in the bar and share our love for ice hockey with you
So as I understand 888.88€ is the sum of nominal values of all banknotes and coins?
well is it the truth, like it or not......nobody in Baltics wanted those Russians to come here in their millions, not really fair pushing all these problems on us.
Do we know anything about Givi or Motorola not being docile or is it speculation?
Cameron himself fucked up by calling for a referendum he didn't want just to win an election.
Nice
There is an important distinction between ethnicity and citizenship.
a lot of nations have pledged to spend 2% in the next 3-4 years (my country included).....this is not something you can do in an instant when its been neglected for 10 something years.
Thailand
yep, it's more or less exactly the same thing.
im dumb, sorry
Doesn't help that half the population are idiots subscribing to some conspiracy theory or other
How World War III Could Begin in Latvia
* [Aspazija]
established by international agreements, consists of Vidzeme,
The ones I mentioned are of definite Latvian/Baltic origin
I’m not sure if any cross the Russian border because there’s a fence through most of it
For a whopping amount of five minutes.
Mitigating these fluctuations is a very tough problem now, and will become even greater problem in the future
In real world is often subtler than that, *influence* is easier and often more cost effective than some form of bribery and there's a myriad of ways to achieve that
I find the idea kinda repulsing
Ukraine nowadays doesn't have either, for example (Russia didnt even try some sort of dialogue with Ukrainians before they annexed Crimea the way they did with Finland, they just forced their rule and thats it)
Latvians are the hipsters, swedes are metrosexual
>It doesn't mean Finlandization, but a constant converstation
The EU has currently worked out great - I do not even wish to imagine where Eastern Europe would be without Western assistance and capital influx.
It has, at the very least, become evident that populist/anti-globalist/right-wing (whatever you want to call it) sentiment is more widespread than polling indicates.
If the US boycotts then other countries will follow..
Ireland
Reasonably enough a gun without ammunition is just a glorified club (unless of course you put a bayonet on it).
And i think we're also very similar to Latvia even though many Estonians don't acknowledge it.
Gotta get those clickbait clicks somehow.
I'm sure several people voted like that and overall the result of the first vote could be different
And indeed many people in Latvia are disenfranchised by the central government.
Also, 1/3 of our population lives in Riga
It's the same problem anywhere in the world that has free media - the media are also corporations, so they care about profit, and sensationalist headlines always make more profit.
For some top employees, it's not bad either.
Usually its the Left that can't handle democracy.
- CIA World Factbook
Nice gesture, creepy exhibition
I though it was obvious from the context, as that's what is usually discussed here.
Because they're the closest to us, in every sense of the word.
I imagine that before 20th century it's just tribals and witchdoctors and after that European educated philosophers.
Cue 50 years of communism and see what happened.
are back together again, yes, brother
The fact that they identify as Russian despite being born in Latvia says it all to me.
Green for swampforest
I don't think the ingredients are much of a problem, most of them can be found everywhere these days
History classes in school are biased towards our own perspective.
Who else do you think they work for?
Here in Latvia you could get a luxury apartment the size of a regular house in an exclusive living area, a nice ~250-400 square meters house in a fancy area, or a semi run down ~900 m2 house in an average/shabbier area
Is there an app for it or what
Space is the only thing to truly push our boundaries.
There's public transportation, of course, people still have cars, but it isn't a necessity, unless maybe you live in some remote rural area.
This is exactly why I support taking on refugees fleeing war.
Stalin: He was not the best
- Smaida (The Smiley-One)
English
Krūtsgals - chest end (nipple)
Number one - he was young and healthy, and so on
A Vietnamese black "tra man" blend was interesting.
I love thunderstorms
", which is really weird since exploring inner workings of things seems to be important part of childhood development and it is usefull for speaking about other things too
My family had big cd/casette music player and there was a place for big 6 x 9V batteries (we used wire to play music) and once I opened the cover
I like what I see
Not really an adventure, more of a manslaughter...
Dog breeds have been created by careful selective breeding over many generations.
that war started in 1979 when Soviets invaded, it hasnt ended since .
We get less than 1% of our budget in EU funds.
I like the marches musically, but idealistically, they're horrible.
As of 2015 Latvia only spent 1% GDP in military.
Ķelne (Latvian) = Cologne
Not in any language around the see except Latvian and Lithuanian.
Obviously West's life is better I don't argue with that but our lives would be not as bad as today's if we stayed.
And since I love eating chicken, it quickly became my favorite fast food restaurant
For those who don get it - If you're a girl and was taken by force and raped by a guy named Chad, how would you feel being called "Chads-ex <your name>" every damn time you're introduced to someone for the rest of your life?
It is simply a question who do you hate more, the Russians or the Germans and for Latvia's the answer was the Russians
Eh, genuinely - if Russians want to go away, let them.
The second main contender i can think of is a forest which as far as I know isn't named, so I will just explain its location
yea, fuck Ukraine and Baltics and all the other small fuckers who happen to stand in between them.....hell naw
There's also a maximum spending limit, if you spend more than a certain (quite reasonable) sum within a year, the rest is completely free.
Not sure how this helps your view there
So most of the decline is not USSR-related.
Like the map, but why is Latvia and Russia in the same colour, because "Рождество" means "birth (of Christ)", but "Ziemassvētki" means "Winter Celebration".
white
We also did the manequinn challenge there with like 300 people
I’m also not used to google other people
So all they could give him was the drink
I can speak only about Abrene, and, no, neither it was fully Russian, neither were Russians even a majority in the district.
It's hardly surprising that is a significant part if the game
The names u/FRAX1001 mentioned are of German origin (except 'Jurjāns')
Russia has some cool nature and all
We have a brand of baby diapers called "Pamper" and by thid point a lot of people don't even know that pamperi is not the actual word for diapers
We spent 10 or so days in Estonia and Latvia (Riga, Karli) this summer and had a blast.
Just Ukraine being Ukraine
I don't care I guess
After that we'll rent a car and go to Riga (Latvia), Vilnius (Lithuania) and Minsk (Belarus), then back to Thalin.
If we go by that way then there would be way lot more defence blocks within EU than just a three - nordic, western, eastern.
Your best known beer is something that the Americans coopted the name of to put on bottles of pisswater.
TBH, 5 million is around 1% of EUs population
If Turkey didn't use threats the EU could've completely ignore them.
I don't know how much power does the Latvian president has, but Estonian president is not *that* ceremonial.
I wonder if Estonia and Latvia have higher percentage because of German influence from Livonian order or because they have bigger Russian population and don't value learning Russian in school because they can learn it anyway
Yes, but only because tomorrow is our 2nd independance day and they just moved today to a saturday
Are all the Latvian male names ending with "s"?
barely, a bit in december and exactly one night this month (and it melted in less than a day)
Holy fuck the amount of upvotes
This submission sure is getting a lot of downvotes, I found it kind of interesting but I suppose more pictures of Latvian snow is more worthy of discussion.
Everyone agrees we are Baltics
East Germany is a step forward I guess.
Ireland
The grammar is a bit tricky but they have strict grammar rules to follow and although I learn German in school I also do it on Duolingo and I learn grammar just through habit
Countries like the Ukraine are culturally mentally and geographically more part of Russia than it is of the EU.
I am happy about the fact that they are having the referendum - the EU issue is clearly contentious in the UK, and is also clearly an extremely important one, so the referendum is democracy in action.
Great post, and I certainly agree with the linguistic aspects.
So much for the ''glorious victor nation'' indeed
I didn’t google my host family’s name, too, and I am sure they didn’t google me as well (although my full name is unkommon and google doesn’t offer much results about me either)
Just be aware: they involve sadness, lack of potato, and occasional politburo.
Cold: 4C and less
The shock value is there to raise attention to an issue.
After that we'll be heading towards to St.
This is definitely where I got my English skills from
Just FYI societal trends and culture is quite different in various countries without it being stereotypes - I've lived in several European countries, and it was not stereotypes I saw.
I know it's a charged and scary word but a lot more countries than Germany committed genocide in history.
> The UK is continuing to abide by many EU regulations
Latvia, afterwards Estonia and a bit of Poland.
What kind of nonsense is this
Don't forget Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, as of now, still in Europe.
I'd rather not add even more people to my country that are revolted from our culture.
Usually served with vodka diluted with the briny pickle juice straight from the can
I know that because they did exactly the same over here:
I think helping refugees is great - there are millions of people caught up in areas that are an active warzone or Daesh-controlled hell, and these people deserve to at least have the basic safety and dignity that all people should be afforded.
The two are the first refugee couple that Latvia took in, with the husband working at the asylum centre as an interpreter.
I felt the exact opposite living in Western Europe.
Then there is practical part (you can start it when you are in the middle of theoretical part).
I don't think it would be that hard for non-native speakers
Aye, but we decided to stay put in one of the cities by the coast for the day.
No only that, but accommodating this disparity will lead to more energy loss in transfer
If that is so, then their declaration of independence would be valid in my view, and I further respect the decision of (almost the entire) EU and USA to recognize Kosovo.
So while they really stand out, there are too few for there to be any term specific to black Latvians.
Smart picture - if ssm was marketed about lesbian you'd see bigger support.
So are you going to ignore that he **was** down **4.2** points in the actual election???
How about mushrooms with cream?
And thanks to western woke leftists - it's going to stay that way
Džān meid hiz vej trū d dārk forest, onlī tu faind aut det hī forgāt d manij
I like Sweden a lot, but the housing situation is the worst thing for a new arrival.
It was a massive clusterfuck - Latvian army, Reds, German Landeswehr who switched their allegiances like a chameleon, the Bermondt army, Estonians, Lithuanians, Poles, and the British navy.
You can check how polar wave was moving here:
It tastes like plastic, there's some taste eventually, not bad, but kind of meh.
The vocabulary is not that hard but damn why you gotta add a bunch of useless little words that don't translate
i think the profession is cut out to be filled by robots and machines only in no time
Nice video, but that piano cover is ugly af.
We also had these very thin notebooks for homework
My contribution: Prime Minster of Latvia [Krišjānis Kariņš] cycling to work everyday
However the USA persuaded the UA government to give up the arsenal for guarantees from the USA, Russia and UK.
I graduated in 2001, and I just used regular notebooks of varying thickness, one for each subject
Atrā palīdzība - the quick help (ambulance)
I would also add some places that have jaun- (new) added to the names
Considering a 2 week trip of Warsaw, Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia or a trip to Bosnia & Herzegovina, Macedonia, Albania, Montenegro, and Kosovo for the spring.
Getting rid of Assad will further human suffering in the region.
The weird way that Riga city has handled this, is to employ officers with scanner guns to come onto the bus randomly and check if you've scanned your pass, which is impossible to buy on the bus itself
Our nouns have 7 grammatical cases: nominative, genitive, dative, accusative, instrumental, locative and vocative
Plus, it can take so much abuse before it becomes unintelligible and most people are already used to various accents so even if you're bad, at least you'll be understood, even if all you know are a handful of nouns and present tense verbs
Warm: 20-27 C
China comes to mind maybe when talking about being overpopulated, and even they have room for plenty of people.
EMA and EBA could then go to Slovakia and Bulgaria, the two of which don't have agencies as of yet either.
Of course sensationalist media is doing it for the money.
Cannabis has different species, non-narcotic hemp was widely cultivated in the past for fiber and also food
The best part is that in Riga the "Spirits & Wine" store is right next to the passenger port.
The post should've said reclaims, not proclaims.
I think legally you can give your child up to three names
Some people in my family, as well as some of my classmates speak it very well
Russian empire should have just collapsed into the natural Russian borders, and everything would have turned perfect...
and even then, both sides kept battle ready armies at all times pointed at each other, all the way to modern day actually
Not really - in fact, were Russia to be in the EU, that would be great!
Fuuck I just want normal snow again
Local women aren't used to be treated like ladies, but they would very much like to be
> but I still feel that they weren't heroes
What makes you think that Europe will not stay together?
A lot of people from Eastern Europe seem to think we're insulting them when in fact we're just neutral, we use "Russia" has a generalization and while I understand it might seem insulting to a lot of you the truth is we never had any history with countries like Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, etc.
When you buy a loot box in Overwatch, you know you that what you get has $0 value
"It is every Germans' contitutional right to go on a family trip in a VW van at the speed of a cruise missile"
If you still steal in the era of Steam sales, Spotify, Netflix and Youtube, then you're a horrible piece of shit
Ofc those 900m2 houses are, for the most part, without any furniture, technologies, other furnishings, there's often no running water or electricity, the walls or floors may be caving in in some rooms etc
But they don't really just use "owl" to refer to both animals, each is a different kind of owl, e.g. a horned owl or a wood owl, it's just that there's a single base name for the whole order of animals
[Valka/Valga] on the Latvian/Estonian border
It's about as selective as a police officer arresting someone who he has spotted stealing a car.
Both country’s have similar Baltic languages and been through a lot historically
Check
Someone stole my bicycle and the police immediately sent 2 patrol cars to search for it in the direction where this moron drove
If you wouldn't spank an adult criminal to correct their behaviour, why would you spank a child?
I don't care I guess
The gas company says it's not gas
You can buy them in in small shops (kiosks) called Narvesen or in some big shops info centres
Latvians and Lithuanians make fun of Estonians being slow.
We know that he's a skilled negotiator.
With Lithuania we have relatively little in common culturally, far less than with Scandinavians.
I work in a greenhouse and the glass from roof is falling down because of the wind
I like Hesburger because they usually have a more diverse menu than McD, and you also have them all over the country, as opposed to McD which is in Riga and only one or two outside of it
Such as not holding the referendum if the monarchy cuts expenses by 50%.
We really need to take Latvia before they get their spending up any more.
Pieņemsim and lai būtu are also similar in meaning
I think people have figured out that we're not part of Russia by now, but the countries/cities are hopeless.
I work in a greenhouse and the glass from roof is falling down because of the wind
But so far so good
It always has the same problem - how do you appoint an enlightened ruler?
[Graph of Estonia's population against Latvia's population] indexing to the same range.
>I'm staying not everything is exactly like your media made you believe
Don't get me wrong, I rarely have problems just because I'm Russian in daily life, but on political level sometimes I feel like a mudblood in Slitherin
and then you say: damn Latvia really is a small place
Do you normally pay a lot of attention to things you don't buy and that are not extremly popular?
Only technology Germany is allowed to install a kill switch on is ovens
I wonder how close we are to one another rn haha
Although to be fair the same is true for northern Germany and the Netherlands and many areas of Europe
We like to sweep things under the rug when it's anti-Russian because of the current circumstances, same as our pro-Russian elements in the society sweep anything negative about Russia under a rug when discussing policy and issues.
Russian doping: Latvia will boycott Sochi 2017 World Championships
Some places opt for some form of legal route that doesn't label it as marriage
1993-1997 we signed agreements to demilitarize all our borders.
Well
Latvia’s Barricades of Freedom – What Do They Mean 25 Years On?
It's a safety thing these days, so one more excuse for that
Yours, actually
Baltic sea is not an ocean, Vikings are known to have traveled much larger distances and they not only pilaged, but traded and settled in other countries, it's not hard to imagine many other scenarios which could lead to technical exchange - e.g.
During the economic crisis of 2008 there was firm in Latvia that would give 1000 USD in exchange for customers souls
I’ve got one !
In reality region name predates linguistic classification, it has always been a geopolitical term and acctualy initially refered only to Estonia and large part of Latvia.
Your English is good, there is no need to apologise.
Also this would mean there would be no Soviet occupation, and so Latvia would have kept its prosperity and wealth, and wouldn’t be just a post soviet mediocre country
A continent of sociophobic awkwardness and naked saunas.
OutOfLoop: Turkey and the Netherlands
Geopathology and dowsing is a big thing here
Zigfrīds Anna Meierovics (first foreign minister and second prime minister of Latvia)
Oh, no, it's my own opinion only.
It hasn't got out of a civil war at all..?
it's very similar here :)
Ei vittu saatanaa
They were on the side of Germans initially.
Learning Latvian is absolutely useless unless you plan to live there for the rest of your life.
We Latvians joke about Estonians and their slowness.
Yes, I am going to make one for Croatia
I am going to make one for Bulgaria too
Yeah well Lembergs is not in a good situation now and Saskaņā-we'll see
same here pretty much
Russia is constantly poking at the Baltic states, constantly applying pressure to us for whatever law they are bothered by again or claiming we are building third reich.
We didn't return our conscription
When I was a teenager I dreamed of becomming a president
* most land in Latvia back then was owned by [Baltic German nobles] and Latvians were used as labor
At least they are working on it
Had a wonderful chill time there.
She somehow doesent get the concept, that it is really easy to get hold of those things nowdays and there is literally no reason to cluter your apartment for "mabey someday".
compared to more straightforwardly right groups
I have Lipton teabags but those are more for emergency use.
And what came after that
It might be a violation of her rights if she had previously been a resident of Ukraine or if she had a family there, but as far as I know neither is true.
That is why USA manufacturers have specific factories in EU, where you make editions of some models, which are compatible with the regulations
* 18 November — Independence Day (1918)
If parents wanna be really fancy they can ofc give as many names as they like or maybe have 2 last names (for them upon marriage or for their child) for some reason, however this is quite rare
The sad reality is that US policy affects the world.
Big family
- blame your predecessors;
McDonald's isn't the most popular fast food chain in Finland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania though - it's the Finnish brand [Hesburger]
They would know who hasn't traveled to Crimea in that period of time.
But that basically means it's not Made in either Germany or France or Italy, so it's made in Poland or Romania
I've even heard people who say that they've been to one of the Baltic countries but can't remember which.
We must travel to a river, a lake or the sea and swim in it when there is 30 plus celsius outside
The Sun- Saule(language, female), Saule(mythology, goddess)
One interesting thing that could be mentioned in here is that the eastern part of Latvia is called Latgala.
This question can't really be answered without extra information.
I recall reading a news article last year about some of our more successful high school students who applied for Cambridge only to find out that Cambridge doesn't even accept a Latvian high school diploma normally because of too much missing stuff such as calculus.
yea....well now pretty much all the people who worked with Obama will be replaced, and we dont yet know what are the plans of the new people, what is their World view.
Plus barely any Latgalians move to other parts of the country, even Riga
It's white bread, with butter and lots of sugar sprinkled on top
Oh man o remember going mushroom picking with my grandmother and then making mushroom stew and sauce
I also really want to explore the city more, I felt like it was a place for me
There is way too much Soviet legacy remaining in Baltic states to not call them ex-Soviet.
I mean, one of our folk symbols is literally a reverse swastika, Russian media gets a field day any time it gets put anywhere as decor.
Or do they only focus on events that are specifically linked to the area that is now modern Latvia?
Learnt to ride at the of 5ish on a Soviet bike that had the frontal brakes on the right side of the handlebar
So LotR is translated simmilarly to Potter series and for some reason Baggins was left as in Hobbit, but in LotR turned to Tuntaks, which doesn't even mean anything, and there were other weirdnesses
Edit: since everyone was comparing  the count with Burger King's and McDonald's we have like 12 McDonalds and none of Burger Kings, although at least 2 are opening very soon this year
define a word ''colony'' for me please, because it seems you have no idea what that even means
You mean to say that in Slovenia you cant buy an hour with a prostitute for 150 euros?
We had literally the same shit about Norway making the rounds about 3 or 4 years ago
Soon You may be able to photograph also the Baltics
Even May's deal makes the UK less integrated with the EU than EEA/Switzerland
I read about it somewhere not so long ago, but I was quite sure its just posturing - trying to look insane and thus scare NATO from interfering in whatever they are doing.
In Latvia i have only seen one while driving thru the country which wasn’t even a real billboard it was a big ass rag with the text “Love jesus” or something like that
Are we considered
palikt = to stay (in LV)
Well there's also [this song] it's become a bit of a meme
Guests do the same
Apparently this doctor has been arrested last Sunday.
Romanians speaking Latvian must sound even smoother since we pronounce words the same way.
Also, everything comes down to how robust the industrial power is - how fast can you switch over to military production and keep it running.
It's Āmurs
The only other thing it was about was ISIS
Stop lying
I would put him roughly on the same level as the Italian or Spanish leaders.
If theirs are anything like ours, they're underfunded and overworked, and things do slip through.
Haha, I'd love to see
So UK seems to have a common identity to a lesser degree than the rest of Western Europe, but this is largely speculation on my part.
(all variations of "tzigane") is how they generally call themselves in those languages.
I also moved into a new flat recently
The conflict between the Republic of Latvia (Latvia) and the Latvian Socialist Soviet Republic is known as the [Latvian War of Independence] and culminated in the defeat of the joint Red Latvian Riflemen/Soviet forces at the Battle of Daugavpils
Such things usually were discussed whispering somewhere far from anyone and anything
Any foreign books, like Hamlet, Macbeth, Dante, Kafka, Erich Maria Remarque, and J. D. Salinger, regardless of the subject, were the *fun* parts in literature classes
People speaking the same language mostly have the same kind of accent when speaking another language.
Tava kļūda vajadzēja meklēt "Latvijas karogs dabā" :)
Geez I remember watch the speech on TV where he dismissed the parliament and sitting in stun silence for good two minutes after it ended
Don't let Western leftist brainwash you into accepting their immigration dogmas.
Don't forget Newport
Latvia need 2nd amendment :)
Then Soviet tanks and troops rolled over the border in June 1940 (in violation of the agreement about the army bases), existing government and statesmen were purged and/or locked up, "reordered", then there was a vote (under the barrel of Soviet tanks and guns) in which only one party/*spisok* was allowed to take part in and which was overseen by the cheka, and then the Soviet-formed and controlled government of August Kirchenshtein *then* asked to join the USSR.
Have you considered writing a book on the general subject
we as Latvians have no right to call any country bitches.
Sort of
4 - četri
It's a shame many of them don't have English translation
Unless it's one of the large multinationals, like Vodafone or Orange, for example.
I dont know if i should be happy or saddened if my country is third place
Estonians and Lithuanians can relate.
You do realize that you are typing this nonsense on device built by American technology and sold to you by American corporations?
Cooking's more like a family day together doing stuff etc
and then 70 years later, we're still recovering mentally from this disease of the brain.
As of going international, there was an absolutely exquisite Russian (which is a common minority language here) translation of it, which certainly helped
Interesting coming from a mouth of austrian.
There was another thread about views on it in general recently, [here's what I posted there]
The government's job is to minimize it
* [Peter von Biron]
In the age of steam sales you can have 1000 games in your steam library that you don't even play
Human rights are an important part of the EU.
As is ours, it was suspended in '34 and reinstated in '90 partially and '93 fully
For example,
Who will fill those low-wage positions?
Not yet
And after that, we went to McDonald's or some pizza restaurant (I don't remember it well)
IT here, our anglo-latvo-russo (with some Finnish and Swedish additions) technical language is something to behold
Apparently nowadays a lot of Finns also take a bus from Estonia to Latvia for cheaper alcohol.
He is of Hungarian, Latvian and Ukrainian Jewish origin
Coworkers, customers, friends, whatever.
I was out of the loop on the Latvia as destination for stag parties.
It's just that a fair bit of people I know hate it because of past experience
It's worth noting, that Malta refused refueling because of public backlash.
Got myself deep into mountain biking at around 15 and almost broke a couple of bones before getting older/smarter and moving on to other, safer activities, like drinking and going clubbing
First - it's not all magically better when you cross the ocean.
The latter two
Further, Marx's communist manifesto explicitly said that communism required industrial base to work.
I once read some *very serious business* meme that -%sales and having the lowest price isn't a viable business strategy
What did Serbian actions did
It's not my fault that you mised the context and made it about every kitchen
Red Latvian riflemen didn't found Latvia.
It should be noted that people were generally conscripted into Weffen SS legion, in comparison to the volunteer regular SS legions.
Saule is sun, which is female, and Mēness is the moon, which is male
It's not about evil Latvian politicians seeking to make Russians second-class citizens and oppressing them.
There was a myth, originating in Russia and then amplified by local "gurus" and popular people in the entertainment industry, that 5G is super dangerous to you and that it's going to microwave your brain, since "it's one the same frequency as a microwave".
Moldova,
Cash is still the standard way of paying something in Europe (at least if it's below 100€/£).
Included them because of geography
Its countrys business
Estonia and Lithuania basically renovated and modernized every "commie block" in their countries.
Potatoes and Ireland, now that's funny.
Champagne was drunk on this day 17 years ago
And everyone else - you’re ok too
Look up how France "betrayed" Israel, which had to look for other sources of weapons.
Can't see that it's true for everyone because I don't know really, but I thought I would let you know
This myth was quite prevalent something like 10-15 years ago in Latvia
I can speak on this from a Latvian perspective.
I'm from Latvia
It's the case for Latvia, we went from simply illegal to *gleefully* amending the constitution a good while later because reasons (reasons being evil EU liberals would presumably have an easier time undoing the law than a constitutional ban).
I never said they have begun trusting them.
Not exactly a native, but hey, almost a Swede.
The majority of Europeans doesn't make much distinction between the various groups of Americans.
A music group called "Singapūras satīns" from my country
People here should read [on the events]–33).
Latvian language is full of Germanisms
Eastern Europe is a cold war relic.
Usually any other country in Europe beside Baltic have mountains, so it was unbelievable for them
Ulmanis here in Latvia, Päts in Estonia, Metaxas in Greece.
I think people love the land, but not the country.
"Nazis" which means "knife"
Gingerbreads, tangerines and also it's pretty common to have events for kids in which "Santa" comes and usually gives out bags of random sweets.
But on that note, how is cat meat even edible?
That's very warm for our winters.
I'm really not built for anything above 23°C, I hardly got through 21°C in the past normal summers
I myself have a Green mayor for a year now and he is much better then the conservatives before him.
Almost getting into war with Estonia over best fishing places in the Baltic sea during the 90's
Honestly I can feel for him here
Now most Latvians stereotype Ukranians more like a valiant freedom fighters.
The head of Jesus radiates tens of gigabytes of porn every day
I started watching cartoons in English when I was really young and that worked out
The only ones not being able to speak any other language, other than their own, are senior citizens especially from minority groups (for example russians)
Why did she moved to East
Lol their dislike of thise alleged things makes them Putins bitch?
The Grand Duchy of Lithuania also used to be rather [big] So maybe the suicides aren't a coincidence.
You dont have to stop 100% of people for a wall to "work".
Is there any concern over whether they lean more towards Europe or more towards Russia?
They also provide TV
I don't work in finance, but it feels pretty stable to me and stability is what matters to most folk, so I can't agree to u/Gdott unless he provides some arguments as to how exactly it's not doing well.
Not just in those that are located in the Gaeltacht
The caves were nice for sleeping
Only you need The World Illuminati government for that
I don’t think the OP was particularly talking about only in the street
Typical European Arms procurement.
And neither Hollande nor Merkel seem like they would be eager to jump into action.
Can always google about places
Latvia has mythos of golden swedish era too, at least north of Daugava.
Not what I wanted/expected tho ;-;
But overall in my social circle it's well tolerated
The hotels don't profit off these taxes, they go to the government.
I definitely find it odd how countries that profess social democracy at home act like pre-Obamacare health insurers when it comes to immigration by targeting the ultra-rich.
maybe in the West that was the case, but in the East SS was forcefully conscripting as well : #Creation
How come are Lithuania, Latvia, Romania, Bulgaria – countries least developed in EU – reducing CO2 emissions the most, while other less-developed countries (eg.
We already have so much junk food and fast food - both American and Soviet, chain and indie
I think it's only some 10 years ago that my country started teaching prospective language teachers modern approaches to the subject.
Even Walker doesn't fuck up every time.
The liquor we have is tremendous, everybody says so.
Yeah, all of those mentioned are good countries
Sadly, cyclist culture is not very developed here and somewhat looked down on, people see cyclists as annoying, the infrastructure is bad and not thought through
Andorra is a wonderful place, I'm glad I visited, and it does feel distinct from its surrounding countries.
I dont belive it could be made legal any time soon, but people are starting to accept this idea more and more.
Players of Sid Meiers's Civilization series - rise to the occasion
NATO member call for others to defend them.
Not sure how to word it correctly
Will the UK be independent after Brexit
Be happy lil baltic
That's at least my personal opinion.
Those who had personal - were everybody's friend
In the end when I will complete this series, then yes there are going to be one big post
Honest, unbiased and civilized?
I guess "ej tu skaista meitene" is a popular one, meaning "hey you beautiful girl", but it's a line from a really famous Latvian punk song (think Latvia's version of The Clash) so it might be a bit weird if she doesn't know the song, lol
Same thing with Finnish and Latvian.
0L while in USA only as 2
It helps that the five countries have a very similar socioeconomic model.
So these plastic pimps get their initial investment back in 40 fucking hours which seems too quick and greedy.
If I need to make a shopping list, I'll write one in google keep when I'm on PC and then look at it from my phone
In Riga only daredevils ride on the road, or sometimes you just don't have another option, so we don't weave traffic and if you do you're seen as an asshole lawbreaker because cyclists are supposed to ride close to the edge of the road (with some exceptions)
Because state language, duh
Flag days:
People will not watch tv shows/movies or listen to music that they can not understand.
Don't think so - they have enough regions which would like to break off :)
Nah, you only told OP you're having trouble spoting aliens (I gather you haven't heard they don't exist and UFOs are just various natural phenomena), I pointed out a cultural percularity that someone living in Germany, which is pretty far away, may not have heard about
You gonna diss our bean salad
Ohh Ich liebe beide Major Tom-Versionen, und Der Komissar
Seriously fuck Blizzard, fuck their games, fuck the people in charge
But marriage on its own is pretty aged tradition and the way I see it, it should be a secondary term anyway as generally religious institutions practice it - I wouldn't force any religous institution to unify anyone they don't want as their whole process is based on opinions and traditions
We had to book a visit months in advance, then we have to go to the place itself (which is across the entire country west-east, mind you), get that shit done and then wait for god knows how long until it arrives in my hands
Getting a license is also more difficult than in the US.
I am from Latvia, to me normal, decent people are those who support : democratic rule, freedom of press, freedom of expression, are against corruption, against unprovoked military intervention in foreign lands, and don't support authoritarian leaders who rule using oppression and brute strength.
That image is **A LIE**. There was 21°C in Riga (Latvia) yesterday at the highest
\>Lithuania hardly became Christian voluntary, it took a full Crusade to "convince" them to convert
That's what decriminalisation is.
11 minutes of comfy driving is hell of a lot better than freezing my nuts off waiting 30 minutes for a bus thats packed and smells like old people
/r/Latvia is offering /r/Lithuania an alliance
By the way, that advice brought us down two blocks and to a small family place where the wife/mother cooked and brought us dishes in her slippers
Where the majority chooses for the minority.
To lessen government spending and not loose efficiency of this day
The locals themselves go to Liepaja beach in Latvia which is filled with Estonians too.
Isn’t there a difference between Nordic and Northern
Casinos are a mystery, who the fuck wants to go there
Imperialism is imperialism, doesn't much matter if it's 300 years or 800 years
Whenever i went to žalgiris basketball games i’d be amazed at how everyone would sing the anthem at the start
Yea, that's an odd one
Latvia is an independent democratic republic
Because of it we will have to work the following Saturday
Its essentially a high stake bluffing from NATO that tries to intimidate Russia from doing anything aggressive towards Baltics.
Most of EU is on the continent and very connected.
So for a foreigner visiting Russia, this is an important thing to keep in mind, do not overstay.
So you're going to forget about our presidents as soon as they are not married to Latvians?
The train crash really pissed me off "Oh we'll be three minutes and few people will be angry
Latvia
In Latvia and Lithuania, Hitler's body count was substantially higher than Stalin's.
* [Jānis Čakste]
It's obviously Cologne
Grandpa was like that, when he dies we found he was stacking "just in case" non-perishables for years, well into break up of USSR, all because of the 32-33 famine in USSR
Supposedly the artworks and relics inside have been rescued:
Just wait till you see our northerners
* Jukums Vācietis was the [first ever commander of the Red Army]
You gonna diss our bean salad
Don't get me wrong, I rarely have problems just because I'm Russian in daily life, but on political level sometimes I feel like a mudblood in Slitherin
That being said, I would prefer one system of issue for all member states
There are some conceivably likely and very bad scenarios, such as the Trump administration recognizing the annexation of Crimea.
What's so different about fast food place?
Most of them live around Kolka peninsula but there are some in the east towards Russian border in Latgale too
Let me explain why this is such a huge technological problem
The only oned i can think of At the top of my head is “Mēnesis” which means both moon and month, And “bise” which is  supposed to mean shotgun, but I’ve heard people use it to mean rifle
Every army is built to fight the nation's enemies.
> most adults above 40 years old think that cannabis is as bad as heroine while they drink spirits every evening
2 years since we had a winter this cold
So it's just a random dude claiming to have done something.
EU has appropriated it, and Belgium is almost never mentioned in context
Finland - one of the happiest and most suicidal countries in Europe at the same time.
> but also the Baltic states
That's before tax, same as here.
Honestly, I once drive with my parents and the police stopped us
Latvian words end with -s, Lithuanian adds a vowel before the -s.
Also iit would be interesting to know how it was done
Edit: autocorrect
As for other locations, Vienna
I believe if Russia attacks, say, Latvia no European state will want to protect the country even if it's in NATO.
The stereotype where we get compared to Slavic drunks
Minimum take home paycheck in Latvia is 275.68 Euros.
Nope what
>not really games but we sniffed bolero (soda powder) and huffed technocol rapid (instant glue) in school
99th birthday
Then I had to pronounce "studenter samfundet" and found out that the previous sentence was a lie
There are f-16 Danish fighter jets(correct me if I'm wrong, on mobile) patrolling Baltic states.
Latvian invented jeans, so your everday pants has been invented in Latvia
Prussia was Prussian land, and I think we and Lithuanian bros as only surviving relatives of Prussians are entitled to compensation.
They went retard a bit before that, when they chose to not change to winter tires in advance.
Soon Ireland will accept its rightful and welcome place back in the bosom of the UK
What's that blue thing between the clouds?
European Social survey that they say they use, if you look at questionaires used for it, is indeed about very social, not cultural, issues, like attitudes to politics and economic problems, some questions could perhaps be repurposed to make judgments about culture, but this doesn't say, which questions were selected (or rather it's all 404) and everything looks like it's about ten years old and with the economic crisis and other new problems most countries have faced since then the views on these things may have radically changed
Which kinda discredits the idea of likening the two regimes
Probably historically it was much more important food, so it became associated with having food in general and there are many old folk beliefs about treating it with respect (or else it will get offended and you won't have any food).
I hope most people have either stone homes or A/Cs
In Latvian schools kids normally learn either German or Russian as second foreign language (first usually is English), Russian IIRC is more widespread and I also think German remains from times when we had Germans, it must be far easier to find enough teachers for a previously relevant language than for a language that might seem more usefull in the World today, but that has never been widely known in the country
In some countries, "gypsies" always refers to Roma, in others it refers to some other nomadic group of people, or to any such group in general.
TIL we don’t have a binge drinking culture
One by one, they died in ''accidents'' or ''terror attacks''.
We were, but since our disfunctional drug addict parents lost their rights on us, we were sepperated - you eventually moved to Mr
This myth was quite prevalent something like 10-15 years ago in Latvia
For Russia, the sooner the hearing is over the better.
I'm not sure if other languages have this but as far as I know, I haven't seen one besides Lithuanian maybe, but there are only 6 endings and one exception, nouns only have two genders, so most male nouns end with "s" and most female with "a" or "e" . My foreign friends always laugh about how they can take any word, add an "s" and now they sound Latvian
When I started they where sceptical as I was eastern EU origin ( Most even didn't know Latvia was in EU and asked if I had visa and work permit) After half a year nearly all workers in bar where from east.
In the long run, in my opinion it could be either good or terrible, depending on the scenario.
I was on mobile and it's complicated to copy over two links, one of which is a pdf download.
We're expressing ourselves differently, which makes criticism appearing as really harsh and praise as only lukewarm to American eyes.
There doesn't exist such a thing in the law here
Jums arī!
The only people willing to deal with Russia and Belarus are usually pro-Russian themselves.
Naturally, I assumed that most European countries had similar on their coastlines, and that people in South of Italy or Greece just hopped on a boat to go to Egypt all the time
I would like to hear more opinions though, since it's hard to look at your language from a non-speaker point of view
Well, it's not like Bavaria was forcefully included in the glorious German Bundesrepublik, unlike all the other countries you mentioned.
Fuck that
Oh that one is an interesting case.
SAY MY NAME WHEN YOU PRAY
This is why I am against immigration from outside Europe because I don't trust government to properly assimilate these immigrants
If it snows, all roads still lead to Riga, they just coincidentally also go to hell.
Not enough ice on Iceland
Yet there are plenty of them like that.
30s were times of high prosperity under dictatorship.
EDIT: Come to think of it maybe the illustrative material leaves too little room for imagination, although NSFW bits are blured out
Croatia - Horvātija
So no, UK is not even the same group
I'm pointing out the difference
The territory of the Latvian state, as set by international treaties, consists of Vidzeme (not sure the English name, literally midland), Latgale (Lettigallia), Kurzeme (Courland), Zemgale (Semigallia)
From all over, but mostly Lithuanian, Latvian and German
There is no way Russia would allow Ukraine (or any other former USSR republic) to stay neutral while sitting in between NATO and Russia, Baltic leaders knew that already in 1991 and did what they could to make sure they wouldn't be caught in the crossfire
I can just confirm that the Latvian ones have a good bang for the buck, so to speak.
I wouldn't say worrying for any of us though, Hungary or any of the countries I mentioned aren't in the same category as Russia for sure
Something something about more people in Ireland speaking Polish than Irish.
The Soviets did it throughout the USSR, and Putin is doing it right now in Crimea
aka Paris of the North;
I could see it happening maybe with strangers or with extreme disparity in social hierarchy but other than that such formal address would seem more like mocking than respect
However I'm not found of new products, it feels they tryin to give less for more by masking it with NEW
Plus it's the center of Europe - I can go anywhere.
It first came up somewhere between second and fourth grade (not talking about stuff explaining how babies are made to kindergarteners).
if you want a ' then press space after typing it in
If Finnish Patria gets the contract, they might give some manufacturing share to Poland.
Light requires electricity
Anyway why would a European even consider eating fries with ketchup?
A Mexican-American, Italian-American and Korean-American will be just seen as Americans.
Liars and hypocrites, just like the old Soviet elite
Estonia: The kid who came to play with us at the playground and pretends we're still friends
No point telling this to an Estonian - he or she will look up about a week after reading your comment the soonest and the joke will be long gone by then
It's very typically American - a situation where a lack of regulation is in theory meant to provide more freedom, but in practice it's good for the people at the top and fucks over those at the bottom.
So all those non-proliferation treaties are worth nothing.
I'd like to avoid our flag being just another boring tricolor and it being mistaken with Austria, so I'd make the white and maroon play out more like the [belts from our national costumes] something like [Belarus] or [Setomaa] And honestly, even [the preliminary interpretation of the national flag] would be nice
Yaay, thanks a lot everyone for kind and heart warming words
They asked what I was doing and how I liked it in Finland, and then moved on
And I don't like music currently popular in the World, so I can't really judge how our artists measure up, there's a lot of cringeworthy stuff, but sometimes something nice gets into mix as well
There's a thing called Revolut where you pay the same fee everywhere
Latvian also doesn't have palatalised consonants, unlike Lithuanian.
And West Virginia is north of Virginia
It's actually not easy at all, without a titanic investment and holistic approach which are not favored in modern market economies
Elon Musk is an African American
and even then, both sides kept battle ready armies at all times pointed at each other, all the way to modern day actually
You're allowed to enter the Czech Republic anyway as a US citizen, and you could get your Irish passport some time later and then use it.
Yep, but there are people who learn spannish/japanese because they are in interested in culture after spending a lot of time watching soap operas and Anime.
Estonia/Latvia not granting citizenship to people who were imported here en masse by an occupying force is a ridiculous non-issue in light of that.
You wouldn't find that on any other book and there is border gore l.
The Coast of Northern Kurzeme is one of the main ones, since it has very few villages on the way and most of the forests there have been untouched in decades
As a Latvian I will upvote this.
So we kill ourselves without assurance of heaven.
I was in Wales a month ago for a wedding
Is that the origin of your username
USA, Eastern Europe and Israel would support you.
In Latvian too
The combined powers of aquaduct and viaduct
Yeah we have bottled kvass here
The Netherlands allowed me to realise that not giving a fuck about shit is great!
They can do that if they want to - I can see areas where using black models in the Baltics could be very effective in generating publicity.
Sometimes, it just a habit now
>So you never scribble down notes in a meeting
Oh, I know, I'd probably sit in a corner and die.
I recently stumbled upon a very good [explanation] by our Ministry of Foreign Affairs
There are huge latvian facebook groups about it
It is an form of soft power where people learn more things about your culture, it becomes something like an commercial for your country and culture...
Oh, cool, people in Greece listen to this
For your own peace of mind, you may want to read some sources that better reflect the reality.
Mandatory medical checkup s. New license again from 0
As I've seen in Lithuania I saw a lot čeburekai stands
The question was never gona be famous
Now historical figures who aren't Latvian but are still widely known in the nation
never mind, we don’t talk about that
Christmas decoration in Dobele, Latvia.
The goal should be to stop the division of society, which means the Russians have to become a "normal" minority as you put it - and yes, I absolutely think it's possible if both sides act correctly.
For instance, I now read about crown dependencies, and still don't really understand the status.
European Las Vegas ? Fuck no
Sure, there are so many Russian tourists that have to be entertained, that of course it would be a lot harder.
Could you expand a bit on the research into the uniqueness of Italian genetics, that someone who was born and has lived their whole life in the country and speaks the language natively might not be genetically Italian, whilst a white person with almost the same background (maybe their white parents emigrated to Italy from Zimbabwe or South Africa) is somehow genetically Italian?
Flags of the Soviet Union and the Latvian SSR
Very different concepts in some places.
Latvia is no where near Africa mate
Lived in many different parts of Riga, while it's light out it's nice and everyone usually minds their own business,  when it gets dark there are some places that you shouldn't go to, old town and city centre is usually safe, in some parts it's quite dead at night, where I currently live I can hear some illegal racing between 00:00 and 04:00
Honestly, it's not really that bad here as many locals or anti-Latvian Russians might have you believe, especially if you live a middle-class or upper-middle class life.
EE food > Southern European food
I doubt that it is (legally) easier for a Frenchman to get a work permit in the US, than it is for a Latvian.
its a very wide and varied group and no you cant just bunch them together
We have pretty much exactly the same thing in Latvia.
And modern tech is smart enough for it to be easily teachable.
Worry more about people like Cruz who may actually end up as real contenders for the presidency.
I wonder if those German tank commanders feel the irony......I bet at least some of them have grandpas who also drove tanks in Poland.
I don't know who's the one getting trolled though
They are doing most things better.
If you consider his promises such as deportations of illegals, the border wall or repealing Obamacare, those are very much domestic American issues that nobody in the EU is likely to comment on too much.
Say you rival us agaaiiiiin
[TUM requires] a fee of 111 EUR per semester, which is a union/transport fee, not a tuition fee.
I've never really seen someone hinting to me having Aryan views out of sarcasm.
Because they can operate across the whole Europe using the infrastructure in each country.
The caves were nice for sleeping
It's mostly due to hydropower though
I meet Latvian speakers in all sorts of places
It's +20 in my study and +16 in my bedroom
Last I saw something about it was about a half a week ago someone had written article lamenting how guilable people are, which linked to a bit earlier article suggesting that what teens acctually do is 1.
It's funny how the more conservative a region is, the more they tout their women's virtues as a point of pride for the whole country
Never been to one of those shops
As evidenced [here] I'm not trying to shitstir, I would just like to know why, a rally that is already held controversially, wishes to associate with a far-right group representative of another country?
In highschool I said “okay” to my latvian lit teacher and she threathened to throw me out of class if I ever said it again
Is Latvia like Vancouver or Seattle?
Terminal will show how many rides are left on your e-talons
Why is Poland so catholic
Pretty cool that you even know what it is XD
I don't really know anyone that can't at least keep their balance on a bike while on a straight road, though some of my (foreign) study mates came close
The former was PM of the only parliament that has been dismissed by the President, and the latter's crimes and the parliaments refusal to permit a search of his property were the reason for said dismissal
Never even found one of Latvia.
Ukraine says more soldiers killed in deadliest clashes in weeks
Its not that brits or duch are lazy, its just we arrive in foreign country and dont have much to do except working and are scared to do smth wrong and end up on street.
[Now featuring winged Livonian knights.]
In movie form, that was what the crazy never made sequel to Gladiator was intended to be
Yes, these pros definitely outweigh the cons of attacking a NATO country.
how did they reach them, before raiding Finnish, Karelian, Estonian, Baltic lands?
They can’t change geography with a referendum, UK will always be part of Europe, no one can take that away
The current EU is not that dissimilar to early United States.
It's even exactly the same crusade
In Riga (capital city) we have contacless RFID tickets called e-talons
Actually even with Potter it was a bit weird, although my understanding is that it was common in several languages, I thonk the only fantasy book series they churned out back then in which the style suited was Arthemis Fowl
Also, it's easier to put a finer point on things
Sorry, I should reread my "How not to offend anyone in 2017" 3251 page handbook.
ok Ive never heard the latvian version
So, to be accurate: There are many old names to be found in Latvia, which come from other cultures
Do think this might help against speeding drivers
Officially, the 100 nerds assembled from a public popular vote pick a president then vote him in with a 51%. Then the president proposes a prime minister
The people saying yes are not correct - there is no "port of entry" requirement.
But if you divide Europe in four parts then Eesti as northern makes sense.
Everyone knows it
Daugava
That is, if you're going to France for 3 days and then Germany for 2 weeks, your visa should probably be issued by Germany - and you have to apply at a German embassy.
Only then Latvia may get that heavy input of weapons and money to rebels you are talking about.
You can buy rabbit meat in supermarkets here
Highways - 90km/h limit
This thing can be refilled, and you can load more advanced tickets to it, for example, month ticket
Technically, a median Russian is much poorer than a median Latvian.
At no point does it become worth it to end all life just to avoid losing a war.
There are some days in Latvia where every household gotta display flag (yeah it's in constitution)
Now we got not only mountains, but beach as well.
dog = suns
Learnt to ride at the of 5ish on a Soviet bike that had the frontal brakes on the right side of the handlebar
Our adherence towards Western ideals not only puts a dent in their national security, however, but also can create internal strife.
It is not like cyclists/drivers/pedestrians come from different parts of society
Estonia has the highest "mountain"(more like a hill than a mountain) in the Baltic states
(they have different education programs)
But everyone uses general words like (senior - senjors, adult - pieaugušais, teenager- pusaudzis, kid - bērns)
That is why I said that nihilism exhibited by certain drivers can also be observed in other traffic participants
Latvia, Spain, Georgia, Azerbaijan...
You can't be rich if someone else isn't poor.
We had like 3 separate days/nights of snow
This looks rather like the officer's interpretation of letting him off easy
And the Eurostar that runs the Channel has a passenger volume five times higher than the busiest air route in Europe - that's without even considering the shuttles for those traveling by car.
When Valdis Zatlers (a doctor by profession) was elected people thought: Look, anyone can be a president
What about Estonia, Latvia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovakia, Slovenia
One of those is in my city, and it's an area where I would prefer not to go at night, and it's definitely the worst area in the city by any social or economic measure, but the police and emergency services do go there, although the police does treat these areas differently, such as responding to calls with more police cars than elsewhere.
When I was in teens and had allready lost interest I won a bicycle in lottery, learned to ride somewhat, but didn't keep doing it since I thought it was illegal to ride it without licence after 12 and I didn't feel I was good enough to pass any test
If you know Russian (or can use google translate) you can go to the website of one of her companies just to confirm that she is indeed a VP there.
We're on the Russian border, with a regular military composed of some 5000 people, and no air force.
We say "e-pasts" translating to "e-post". I've heard some people use "vēstule(letter)," "ziņa(message)" and "gmails(gmail)" too
In movie form, that was what the crazy never made sequel to Gladiator was intended to be
It's hard for me to give advice as I've never experienced anything like this, but I can just say I'm sorry for your situation
Kingdom of Heaven FTW
As well as having an actual say in what's going on, and the knowledge that you chose to enter the agreement without a foreign army knocking on your front door
ur vodka tourists are going as far as Latvia now?
It's more populous than present day Latvia, very comfortable geographic position, can even become a part of EU as a sovereign state in the future.
Even the ones that look similar like Netherlands and Luxembourg, Poland and Monaco, Latvia and Austria.
*Napalm has left the chat*
General provisions
Not in todays germany
Should be a law mandating those in every toilet
Why should we cling to an anthem that's massively tainted by the Nazis, claims territories from pretty much all of our neighbors, hell, even from Latvia, when the third verse represents our ideals perfectly fine?
The national
So is the [UK] France, Russia, Ukraine, all the Baltic states, Greece, Turkey, obviously Balkans.
We have one in Riga, but as far as I've seen its no good (it seems we have certain people who just go to all seasonal markets and sell same old crap)
To be equally fair, all driving license holders should pass test like once in 10 years
For some weird reason this is my favorite cow, we have them in Riga zoo
I dont get it which part of this you westerners dont understand.
Let's suspend him, can't let those pesky Russians to have any say, citizens or not...
Why tf are all of the baltics red, this map is actually stupid
Welcome to the Russian media declared Nazi state of Latvia.
Happy new year to everyone and his family from Latvia!
Look up the effects of those
Other "numbered" people could also be some "important" people from Novgorod, or they could actually be the fishermen.
That's exactly what makes it cross from "strange" to "creepy as fuck".
I can withdraw much more as a Eurozone citizen
Cold -25-0
As far as I understand, their independence was declared after an internationally supervised and accepted election, and within an existing political system - so fitting in with the system of the UN administration and OSCE.
Chill guys
Real europeans burn on a bonfire anyone who dares to use inferior systems, especially if they are amerikans.
I personally don't think Latvian sounds like the South Slavic languages though.
I don't think the ingredients are much of a problem, most of them can be found everywhere these days
2020 definitely does not have an anticlimactic ending to be sure
Even if all following scenarios are unlikely or *highly* unlikely.
They had AC/DC concert, which I had visited — it was awesome!
Ah it's shit anyway just go to Latvia, it's less infested with Lithuanians.
Yep
Oh god, I remember now
And on the "making the bridge safer part", they put some big steel stuff on 1/8th of the bridge, its still unfinished for 2 years
Well 3 out of 3 means only Russians were talked to.
Ķelne (Latvian) = Cologne
So you want to be the Spanish Netherlands again
Yes, that's what I meant, "They have no evidence of the involvement of Russian government".
21 - divdesmit viens
Linden tea with honey
Olaine
Genderelezes
Latvia continued to exist legally and defeating other forces occupying a country is no justification for occupying it for nearly five decades afterwards
And near the Buckingham Palace, and possibly places like Wembley or St.
It's horrific that such a practice is still permitted within the EU.
Brits are officially metric, have been for quite a while now
What about spiesniegel and sygglekuggle?
For some wondering why this is bullshit.....This remembrance day is about events that took place in year 1919 when Latvian state was being form, it has nothing to do with World war 2 or Nazis or anything of that sort.
Debates with Tatyanych will always be fun
Completely unrelated to the topic but Kvass is really good.
Goes to show how much prestige defense minister post carries in German politics.
So the wind turbines and solar panels may be a bit misleading
I don't like potatoes
Shouldn't have gutted the unions then.
As I began to study and understand it from a young age, it seems very simple to me, but I definitely understand people, who find it difficult to learn
Olivers is unusual and only recently has become popular (quickly looked up statistics - 1060 in total, 180 born last year and there were only 310 in total in 2011).
Ehh, if there where two companies of similar productivity per person and the smaller one posted a 10% growth, which one would seem a wiser investment?
I had to cross three borders within one day of driving and one border the next day, while every crossing took like half an hour.
Speaking even broken German would be absolutely appreciated in Germany - if you feel you might understand a German's reply, try your German by all means.
Like, "you're funny" is different depending on whether you're addressing someone who's male or female, or a group of people, but that's again a complexity of the language and not the alphabet.
A castle would have a central keep of sorts
It was so during the Livonian Order, the Swedish and the Russian era.
Sweden - Zviedrija
Yes.I once told an estonian a "estonians are slow joke" he answered "Our internet is still faster than yours bro"
This is an important part of understanding Russia, and other post-Soviet countries.
I like your name......definitely is not some kind of pathetic try to hide your real account.
In that year though, in all of Western Europe (total population: 380+ million), terrorist attacks killed 175 people.
To me, contributing to household expenses means buying some groceries and household items, covering other costs when it makes sense (when you're near a shop anyway, when you have more time, when you have ready cash and parents don't etc
Seeing some of my coworkers' lunches and the state of the prepackaged sandwich shelves in shops, I beg to disagree
Generally you shouldn't even let them tie the bracelet to you, but if they do, just be firm and stand your ground.
Problem is that Germany would disband its military if not for NATO.
I do like [Latvian small coins]#/media/File:LV_5_centi.png).
Live fast, die young
Silly Latvians "Vards" is "name" not "word"
That's Norwegian or the ancient language of Memeish, m88.
Also it's very poetic and peculiar, but it takes years to understand this as a non native speaker because it ties in with our culture and history a lot
Reddit's formatting is weird
Not really, it was quite funny to be honest and refreshing seeing so many people actually comitting to it in cold weather.
Well we have a military parade every year
Germany should and probably will care about what happens to Poland, Russia or its satellite bordering Germany is a grave security threat to it.
(though yes you are correct and this is the reason why both of us are not that green compared to Latvia, but I will still use this opportunity to make fun of other countries) Baby Eesti needs Mommy Finland for a shoulder to cry?
I think your bank would be able to re-program the card without issuing a new one, but that's not gonna happen while you're abroad.
And car radios - I mean - goddamn car radios!
I'm sure there are a few people who follow it, but I've never met any or heard wrestling being discussed.
You should be delighted to know, that they have 2 food places in Berlin.
Even that EU data oriented website lists UK Conservatives as centre-right and UK Labour as centre-left
i have never met a person who knows how to play it
In war situation, yes of course.
60-70€. Car insurance 30€ for 1-3 moths depending on experience, points etc
They are just unlucky and underrepresented in this map to be honest.
The gas company says it's not gas
She just "raises awareness"? I have enough of awareness raised, I don't need kids skipping school to make me understand that climate change exists
Is there something similar in Estonia?
I think it's interesting that the '20s and '30s are given as an example of the US being functional, considering that we were falling apart at the time.
I'm not going to disagree with you.
Vel, its nat verī īzī tu rait laik zis
So LotR is translated simmilarly to Potter series and for some reason Baggins was left as in Hobbit, but in LotR turned to Tuntaks, which doesn't even mean anything, and there were other weirdnesses
Sliņķis - lazy one (sloth)
break the line - we'd split up in two groups, line up against each other holding hands, and then one kid from each team would run at the other line and try to break through the held hands
The Baltic countries also speak English very well, that is people who are native speakers, not Russians
It's like the usual Soviet architecture, but much, much more of it.
holy fuck
well thats a ''army'' is in Balkan standards......if NATO or EU intervenes, it's no real ''army''
Who the fuck doesn't store them in the fridge
I grew up in country side which used to belong to some German baron, but later land was split between Latvian freedom fighters
It started as free transport for schoolchildren and seniors, and now it is free for everyone
Which according to you would be rich countries like France or Germany leaving the EU, but states like Poland and Romania retaining a union?
*But they are oppressing stateless Russians in Estonia and Latvia...*
No need for expensive projects and elevators
Yeah, Lettland and Estland, but then people'd get confused
[It's all over news] but obviously they're [in latvian] so yall probably wont get too much info out of it
The Duchy of Kurland was in Latvia.
Alright, lets say unmarked soldiers in Latvia appear in some moderately sized eastern town, who are verified to be russian soldiers.
50+ something old dudes and ladies are hardly experts on anything that involves IT, they have old fashion law degrees, and don't understand a single internet nuance
German, have been learning it for the 3rd year and I cant even make basic sentences, but I started learning Norwegian since summer and i seem to be able to figure out many things right now
So why are Latvia and Lithuania so low?
Gas ovens and stoves are the best
The country is literally dying out
cough cough because I've always found it weird how we call Estonia Igaunija
There is no good reason
It's amazing how even Turks hate him and yet sadly there's nothing you can do about it
Maybe she knew and wanted to fall in
Note that, aside from the many negative anecdotes about Roma, some highly upvoted comments are saying that they're parasites, animals, that genocide against them is understandable, and the like.
Did you post this from your handy
We were writing letters to youngsters in another ideological-friendly countries (never had a chance to write to GDR, though) and even receiving replies
We're not exactly wealthiest of them and certainly not the most equal...
Kids are too young and curriculums are too limited
Same with Latvia, Russia is quite good at pushing it's agenda that Russians are being mistreated, plus I think even some Latvians don't understand historical and legal reasoning behind this.
They are exactly at -0,03 but get the same color as Latvia with -0,54 while Mecklenburg-Vorpommern with +0,06 is already among the good ones.
If I would go to Russia I would use their language and not demand they they speak Latvian or English.
I mean, idk, depends on situation how I would compliment my girlfriend and nothing springs to mind
That's how you get a long-term visa for an EU country.
Have to say that I really enjoyed the experience of studying there
Accept that sometimes people will treat you in a weird way like you're something exotic.
Oh god I am in the middle of this exact pain
Amsterdam has loads of international tech companies, and there's a lot of tech in Sweden, I know plenty of people from various countries working there.
if you compare Russian troops to Americans ones, you really dont know what you are talking about.....I say this as someone who is from Eastern Europe and has seen both.
Depends on the execusition, if the supporters would be left without any citizenship, then, yeah, I can't imagine it working out for Germany.
In Latvia, when people think we speak Russian
Well, to me Latvian sounds more finnic (which it heavily is because it assimilated Lyvonian finnic language).
So somehow a Montana cattle farmer in the 3rd generation ends up in the same "white" demographic group as an engineer who was born in Moscow but moved to California in 1990.
Russia invaded Ukraine, so Americans boycotted Latvian vodka
Is the good marketing of being believed to be Northern Europe worth it?
yea because Mongols are inferior to Polish master race right lol?
Normally these names are written in English the same way, sometimes the diacritic marks are dropped
In a year i will probably think of forgiving them
Really weird experience
This is terrible, feel bad for you guys.
We are busy shopping in Poland so we do not notice Latvians.
Macedonia closer to Vietnam than to Bulgaria lol.
This is like 2016 all over again, good job lads
Sure, your country or trading block might be couple of places lower in wikipedia GDP/PPP tables, but what the fuck does it matter, and sure, it might be economic suicide, but that's what the people want and you have to respect that, lest you've become what you hate the most...?
You've missed a couple of steps there, pal
Even without Western nuclear response Russia would be reduced to some 6th world Mordor country.
Software developer communities are generally not localized
And the subject matter is combat units mostly formed by conscription, deserters were harshly punished, Nazis called them volunteers because it's a war crime to draft civilians of occupied lands, yeah, maybe some of them hoped to fight with Germans against Russians and then turn the same units against Germans as had happened after WWI, but realistically they didn't have much choice not to fight
Latvia, you've been a Soviet republic, Moldova has also been a Soviet republic.
-20°C. At that point it feels like your face is being stung by little tiny needles
After all, в Челябинске лучше торчать.
''many'' is the debatable part, if there is conscription there is no real way to prove if you are sympathizing or you are just doing what you are told so you dont get shot or sent to concentration camp as a deserter (which was common)
Poland is in Eastern Europe, you can't really visit something if you already live there...
It's the same kind of gameplay, and the story makes a point of showing that there doesn't need to be a story.
It seems they want to learn the truth in hard way.
Viņš ir riktīgs latvietis - He's a proper/true Latvian
Yes there are a few forests where you won't find anyone or any buildings if you walked for hours
You have a Christmas market this year
I feel bad for it
Poland-Lithaunian Kingdom never had all of Latvian and Estonian territory.
A bit more socially liberal than most politicians here, which are generally conservative on issues like gay marriage.
Finland
In what city do you live
3 things are hammered into our head from very young age.
No need to waste time beating around the bush, when you could just be direct
Belarus and Ukraine also border Russia but the former needs a tourist visa and the latter is massive and takes a full day to travel across.
In Latvian it’s ‘Budapešta’. The caron above the ‘s’ makes it an sh sound
I don't think that Latvia's ruling elite care about local Russphones interests either.
As far as I know, you can name your child virtually anything you please, provided that the name follows the Latvian orthography (foreign names will have to be respelled, i.e. George >> Džordžs or Georgs)
First thought is 15: Norway, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, UK, Belgium, Netherlands, Germany, Austria, Italy, Spain, France, Andorra.
There are only potatos as far as the eye can see
I, too, like to speak a million sentences without actually saying anything
The whole conversation is that you can't invade another country and enforce a referendum.
When I need to say an English word in a Latvian sentence, I always say it with a thick Latvian accent, and my brain doesn't really switch to English
Also, we take a LOT of influence from other languages (swedish, finnish, german, russian), so sometimes we can understand sort of what they're talking about, especially Lithuanians, because we have a very similar language in general
Europe's frontline: the Latvians caught in Russia and Nato's Baltic war games
I was saddened that no one really fit my taste
Actually an image file, probably a jpeg.
Sometimes people use “Bračka” diminutive of “Brāli” Which means brother
I don't speak Latvian, yet I believe
This "protest" is just a reason for kids to skip school
Each country should have a conscription-based defence force.
Deutshcla d, after 3 painful years finally found us
What is surprising, is that Austria is actually suing someone.
Yes, but can't download potato...
This
I thought Latvia was Supreme potato?!
Anyway, sounds like someone is trying to exaggerate the numbers (and thus damaging an actually decent cause)
not popular here at all
It came into force on 7 November 1922
You might be surprised
I long for the halcyon days of Bush the Younger.
Can you tell me more about this
Similarly, as the alcohol prices are getting more expensive in Estonia, some Finns have taken sudden interest in Latvian tourism.
Hmm really a hard question
if you are speaking of native speakers, tiny Latvia would dwarf you by 1000x.
never stop because the dynamic these days is overly emotional to which I say the 5 sacred Gs: good god, get a grip girl
1990s the Baltic governments vote to leave the Union
In Latvian, it's called "rija".
yes, sure
Yours, actually
I consider Eastern EU East, if it's about Cold War and consequences of comunism and West, if it's about modern political alignment.
Most Redditors were not born when Thatcher was already done
Why
shoulders - take turns punching each other in the shoulder until one gives up
The site of today's Riga has been recorded, as *Duna Urbs*, as early as the 2nd century.
You mean the overall organisation
The one the article links to as their "capital" seems to have simmilar status as foreign embassies.
palikt = to stay (in LV)
70% of those who served in this ''Nazi unit'' were forcefully mobilized, people taken into the army against their will......how exactly are they the evil ones and not deserving even a slight remembrance for their suffering in this terrible war???
I doubt it's written down in any regulations, more like if you are polite towards the police officer, they're likely to let you off with a warning, in part maybe that it's more of a hassle writing up a ~~foreigner~~ fellow EU citizen for something trivial
Like the old people pretending to be a WW2 veterans.
Been to both Latvia and Lithuania quite a few times in the past few years, no one spoke English in marinas and around the town in Ventspils, Liepaja and Klaipeda, young or old.
Not all countries are shown
I wish i could have my car back
A lot of Ukrainians moved to Latvia after Chernobyl and whatnot
Petersburg and some parts of Moscow look ''nice'' because they were built before Soviets came to power.......the rest of Soviet union (with few exceptions like Baltic states and some other areas) were built in Soviet era, and Soviets really didn't give a shit about good looking buildings and beautiful architecture in general.
That's what I'm talking about...
Well media animosity as far as Russia is concerned is unavoidable since Russia's actions warrant it.
Wrong shade of red tho
What would be in Latvia
North Macedonia,
''If its not RussiaToday, I wont believe it''
No, it's Baltic
There are tons of False friends in our languages and you just can't assume their meaning, for example:
Džon meid hiz vei srū ze dāk forest, onlī tu faind aut zat hī forgot ze monī.
A shopkeeper will not benefit by invading houses of his clients
Is there a specific amount of ''blood mixing'' that is allowed before you're not indigenous anymore?
"progressives") or ultra-conservatives (i.e.
After that, during operation Barbarossa
Our Baltic neighbours call us ice-cream bc we love it so much and Lithuanians believe that we have 6 toes
If I was offered a job in the US with high income net of living expenses, I'd be willing to work for 5-10 years and then use the money to retire in Europe
[During the visit Putin met fishermen, visited church, and had dinner] so was she as the part of the delegation.
Ironically, the Swedish occupation in Latvia is regarded fondly and the Russian Empire is when it all went (back) to shit
Thanks and let me improve that for you
A nice step back for whenever you start to create absolutes in society.
Bolivia
According to wikipedia, that appearance is also about its only claim to international fame:
They were fairly surprised when I answered them in Russian
The notion that a leader is given a turnkey position with no say in it is so simplistic to be almost naive
Definitely not
It's pretty chill, we might drink a glass of wine or whip up some cocktail and talk about stuff or watch something together (unless I'm there to help her out with, say, renovations and alike)
Not at all
Well
Classifications that put the Baltics in Northern Europe:
Ah, the good old big cat of the north.
I'm elevating pencils, not shovels xd
The whole point of ratification is to indicate that the country agrees to act as agreed in the treaty
But to be fair, most people dont talk or make much noise in their commute anyways
But the Russian Empire was over - its citizens were either citizens of the USSR, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Finland, Poland etc.
Sometimes you call kite "gaisa pūķis" which means air dragon
Swedish, since I moved to Sweden and so speak the language daily.
What kind of repressions do you think would entail war?
I've heard a lot of the locals know the other side's language, but otherwise probably Russian for people >40 and English for those <40
One area where American culture has very little influence is sports - baseball or American football are very obscure here.
But to be fair, most people dont talk or make much noise in their commute anyways
Exact same situation here, too
Its been an official and standard policy of Finnish state since its very creation more than 100 years ago (it has never been canceled since then)
Ukraine: Am i a joke to you
our relations with Belarus is ''strange'' to say the least.....on one part they are among the strongest allies to Russia (which in turn is hostile towards Baltics), on another they also have strongly supported Baltic states through these 20 years since USSR collapsed.
What are your thoughts on the Latvian basketball player Kristaps Porzingis?
Just the lyrics, the melody is the same.
You're just karma-whoring, m8
Read more about it here - ārtiņi .
These tribes came under Livonian rule thus forming a unified political, economic and religious space.
Latvians do not worship potatos, although they are held in high esteem.
10 minutes walk there and back
[Actual Khrushchovka] (several more down the street to South, including some renovation attempts)
Geopathology and dowsing is a big thing here
Don't worry, we have a negative population growth and an emigration crisis, that is why the per capita number is getting better by the day, woo hoo!
Do realize the United States is larger than Ireland, the UK, Portugal, Spain, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, Belarus, Poland, Germany, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria, Italy, Slovenia, Croatia, B&H, Montenegro, Albania, Macedonia, Greece, Bulgaria, Serbia, Hungry, Romania, Moldova, and the Ukraine combined???
Ludza (I prefer the sound of Russian: Люцин)
Russia: The most threatening, but I doubt that they'll do anything to us, because we're in NATO
Trump's presidency will probably have as much influence as Brexit on Europe over the next 4 years.
In Latvian it's "veseris" for a large hammer
Peter the Great is proud of you
What you need to do is get your hands on micronation commemorative euros, but that's probably going to cost you more than 2€ to begin with
I'm confused why Latvia is blue when our word for Christmas is Winter Holiday and doesn't come from the word Birth like the Russian and Ukranian ones.
Of course I'm even more biased since I moved to Sweden from a country where the average salary after taxes just reached 600 Euro, barely enough for the cheapest rentals in Stockholm.
That’s another one - I spent most of my childhood in UK and it seriously confused me the first time anyone called it Northern Europe
He couldn't wait to leave and he finally managed to get out in the 80s.
It is quite common here in Latvia
Oh god, I remember now
I don't know how it works further on, I guess it just adds details in 10th-12th grade.
Got myself deep into mountain biking at around 15 and almost broke a couple of bones before getting older/smarter and moving on to other, safer activities, like drinking and going clubbing
It probably would be councils all the way down, but Russia was a little bit shaken by all this, so they ended up signing [Peace deal with Germany] giving up huge chunk of land, including modern Latvia and soldiers had to demobilize, so that was the end to their councils.
In late 2015, so after/during the migration stuff, a strong sentiment appeared that immigration is the biggest problem in the EU, but overall support for the EU remains high.
Well done
Its all about about taking obligations due to societal pressures.
It cant be *that* bad
Protestant master race
So maybe Lithuanians are growing so fast because Poland does?
Pff, when we hear the jokes about Latvia and potatoes, we just think that you have clearly missed the one true potato worshippers just next to us.
If we had even a tenth of 73 fires/year, we would probably be stocking up on rations and gas masks
So Latvian changed more than Lithuanian?
It's more of a culture thing in my opinion.
Can you understand why the average American is skeptical of Nato?
Kode = biter (a different kind of moth)
And typically, Eastern Europe gets lumped into the bad category just based on a vague shitty reputation.
I wonder about the Steyr-Augs of the world...
I ordered the food before on the app
And make the UK pay for it
Well, there's also the swarm of idiots with supporters wavings flags and acting respectful, while anti-facists yell that they don't like it, plus dozens of policemen around just in case and media snaping pictures.
Don't think so - they have enough regions which would like to break off :)
Bruh, tell Warsaw it be lookin hella fine lately
I've studied in Latvia and Sweden, been to German universities a few times.
Actual wind outside, nah, fine; stuffy air, CO and CO2 poisoning inside, also fine but god forbid there's air moving inside, you can get all kinds of ailments from it
Anyway, I say one at my new place 2 years ago
At like early November there were a few places with a bit of snow but soon after it vanished
Because we are poorer and thus our "level of suffering" is greater.
There was a story about refugees settled in Latvia renting the bus and GTFOing to some richer country.
Went on the purpose of experiencing the emptiness and bankruptcy  of living in Iceland
We do learn about major things that happened, like the 1905 revolution.
It's just an orthographic issue
Or 2 meals at Mac Donald's.
IT here, our anglo-latvo-russo (with some Finnish and Swedish additions) technical language is something to behold
Their borders with Russia are inhabited for the most part
6%? No wonder a lot of folk here are so opposed against leases, credits and mortgage - they can't carry it
* [Italian guy speaking fluent Latvian]
Chilly 0-10
By hottest you mean what
Wasn't stereotype about Jews that they are rich and smart albeit engaging in nefarious conspiratory activities.
Yeah - this is why it's \~30% not 80-90+%.
now we could really use that EU army
Some years February - April were very snowy
TIL that 95% > 96%
reduced speed (it's noticable, but not terrible).
The amount of Russian propaganda that is in the air gets to some people.
Seriously, sure I know where Brussels is, but now it invokes connotation with EU institutions first and in this context never extrapolated on Belgium and its people
In latvian we mostly use “Vecīt” which means old man
The distinguishing thing about Swedish coffee is the taste, sour sorts are much more common here.
I'm not saying you can't make quality products, but the big companies spend years of research and development to consistently create a good taste.
The language has a bunch of rules and is extremely complex, but most people trip on incorrect commas
There was absolutely nothing of the sort
But there aren't any radio stations I know of that intentionally broadcast all over Europe - the language differences alone make that pointless.
Rednecks are perhaps not the best comparison, as rednecks are from the South, and that region is very different from Europe.
Kaip sekasi
This is glorious
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit.
And since you need a visa to work, you run into the fairly obvious problem of needing to somehow convince an employer they want you over another European, who would be much easier to hire.
It's also a compulsory subject in school (or at least it was when I visited).
Surprisingly or not, [Latvia (or more accurately, Courland) actually tried building its own colonial empire] but it failed for obvious reasons.
Depends on business model and who your major clients are generally
right, and glorious Serbian authoritarian dictatorship of that time is not
The other thing is that green energy, due to fact that green energy producers are receiving subsidies, is a nice source of corruption itself
Like 30% of EU members allow concealed carry that many of US states forbid.
Even the term 'populism' (meaning to champion the average citizen) has been skewed to be a pejorative term (which is a tragic instance of concerted subversion of language, IMO).
* 1 May — Constitution Day, Labour Day
Only one that comes to my mind is Brainstorm
I'm happy to hear that, genuinely.
Boys from the same neighborhood usually was saving many together to buy one table for themselves
In my experience, we are the most expensive Baltic country.
Latvia is so cool , couldn't pronounce any of the beer names , so my favorite beer in Latvia was "Surprise me".
Yet it still was government policy that managed to stimulate growth.
Lielvārde (Translates to "Great name", its historic name: "Rembate")
In latvia there's 4 national states and I know every state has a different dialect but I don't really know if every city has its own
Or did they modify the buses to have doors on the right side
This is the first time I've heard this
I just remember reading similar news about refugees leaving other EE countries like Poland, Czech Republic, Latvia or now Lithuania, so it's suprising to hear that it's different in Estonia.
But if you decide not to insult the memory of all other victims of the Soviet famine like that, and take into account all victims then it will be obvious that ethnicity played no role in that suffering.
Yeah, "Don't forget about us, we are defending whole Europe from Russian aggression!!!
It's hard for me to give advice as I've never experienced anything like this, but I can just say I'm sorry for your situation
The only non-neckbeard stuff he posts is terrible photos he makes by following the golden rule of "change every setting the camera has even if you don't know what it does and how it works".
On the one hand - their foreign policy is probably similar to ours (oppose East, trade, free movement with West), on the other hand - an ultra christian (catholic at that) state taking the regional leadership position..eh...I'd prefer any of the Scandinavians.
Russia/USSR
News about shootouts in Dagestan and Ingushetia appear weekly, if not daily.
Saskaņa un ZZS varbūt te ir 30 gadus, par JKP, KPV un citām varētu pastrīdēties
Oh yeah, we know that and we have a name for it too, slapjdraņķis (no direct translation but it means ''snow with rain'').
There's a thing called Revolut where you pay the same fee everywhere
Its different for you sitting in a corner of Europe behind your forests and lakes.
Most likely not, but yeah, the most recent case of vandalising Jewish cemeteries in Latvia (several years ago) turned out to be a bunch of Russian "anti-fas", in their own words, "trying to attract the world's attention to the rise of nazism in Latvia".
Thanks for the info, that will come in handy!
Men should starve while making homes
This is not how you into Nordics, Estonia/Latvia/Lithuania.
You are welcome then, but though I do like it, the song is already well over that modernized folk song part.
Thanks <3
do sex
Most of them, anyway
I'm indeed a fan of the channel, I find it pretty good.
I think you need to float your island farther south then
Let's just build an artificial one in place.
Yeah, I was looking for the source as well
He has also gotten in bar fights and is very disrespectful
These days, it's obvious that Italians speak worse English on average, relatively few can get into deep conversations, but the overall level is so much higher than 10 years ago.
In high school I actually participated in one
Would much rather see something original
Our authoritarian didn't change the constitution of 1922, unlike our neighbours in Estonia and Lithuania
By that logic Ukraine, Latvia and Estonia shouldn't have been able to become independent iby the end of WWI?
Technically illegal but not enforced AT ALL and easy to acquire
Matter
"Of the contrary, No"
Sorry, edited my post for clarity.
English, always for everything
Few European countries have that.
TV series lately seem to be crap soap operas all around, with other TV shows national TV lately had been making some good stuff, other popular TV channels have been bought up by Scandinavian MTG group, which lately produces extremely bad content, IDK maybe they're going bankrupt and can't afford anything better, there are also some new chanells, which produce weird mix of extremely amateurish things and pretty watchable content.
Certainly not common in Latvia - the typical family would not be able to support their teenager doing that, but we do have a culture of people starting work fairly early.
Speaking of wine gardens: For three hundred years the most northern wine yard
It could (and I would say should) be considered a separate language.
So you adapt - make electronics more resilient, create new medicine for astronauts, extreme resource conservation and recycling, literally be forced to invent new things
A derogatory term, in Russian, for people from the caucasus.
If a monument doesn’t count and it has to be a building, then probably the National Library is the only other really famous building we have, or Riga Central Market
cLiMaTe ChAnGe DoEsN't ExIsT
On what basis did you vote leave?
A Russian-Latvian is just as much a Latvian if he deems himself to be Latvian and knows (or tries to learn how to speak in) Latvian.
More of these kind of photos
Y'all greet each other on a forest trail
That's not a colony and you [can't even protect it from bears]
Luxembourg had just 50 year head start.
Soviets
Hardly comparable with Scandinavians.
It doesn't muddy anything
And I think that this Portugies statement is highly disrespectful towards other victims of Soviet famine.
The Estonian police has come up new way to punish drivers who break the speed limit on the highway
The older generation still know Russian probably and some Polish or Latvian due to how close they are, they younger generation learned English, French, Spanish and German in school.
We basically substitute toes to feet
For others it could be a specialization college or an Institute / University after which you'd be proposed with a job position sometimes even in another part of USSR
Mostly as a point about gender equality, I think.
They are dispersed, though not nearly evenly
I'm guessing Iceland
...Between Latvia and Estonia, where it always was.
There's also an ecosystem of third party gambling and betting services that use CS:GO items as currency
Albeit I'd make the [Presidential Standard] as the main one
So they created a bit of fake news just to create outrage at Russia over nothing
But who’s keeping score
This is mine now
Which part of that is supposed to sound appealing
I can't remember the details, but it was wild
This is where the fun begins
Not sure about the competition but these are the prices in Latvia from the most well-known company [screenshot] .
Thieves have no excuse these days
If it wasn’t for them, the Baltic would’ve been completely under crusader control, and the Baltic might’ve been completely germanified by today
There is quite big Russian-speaking population, so among ourselves we use Russian
Damn soviets tried to assimilate Latvians!!!
But they also say I have a cool accent, so I'm happy about it
For females:
Ok, but only european part of Russia
Page 1 will be Trump grabbing someone by the pussy, and/or his mock outrage over some non-issue.
That being said, I would prefer one system of issue for all member states
Survivors guilt is a real thing even for helpless civilians, but what if you are armed soldier with a task to protect the people being slaughtered
Being that bad in 1 category and meh in most others doesn't put Hungary on par with Russia if Russia scores that bad in a multitude of categories and not really above meh in any category for the most part, with a lot of just bad scores
> Also what's the worst thing about Latvia
Potato marketing agency
And I mean I bet you Hungary has some of the most trans accepting people in Eastern/Central Europe, this is more important than not being able to legally change your gender for trans peoples wellbeing
Copenhagen, I was there just before they closed the borders on an exchange program, I met a new friend there, but our time was cut short, so I would like to visit her
Spritzers are usually made with dry(-ish) wines;
I've had trouble speaking to Latvians in English, even if they're fluent in English, because my accent is so different
Seems like your xenophobes don't discriminate between different flavors of *other*.
They live longer (naturally and behaviourally reinforced) and generally retire earlier.
I'm especially impressed by the change in the last 10 years.
I was just wondering how to recreate the Austrian flag.
If I need to make a shopping list, I'll write one in google keep when I'm on PC and then look at it from my phone
HDI is Human Development Index
Yes, IIRC most European countries predominently give citizenship based on ancestry and in Americas it's mostly given based on where you were born
To the best of my knowledge, Welshmen want to eat people's livers with fava beans and Chianti
Russian is cool too, it has a gigantic vocabulary
Cursive is called rakstīti burti as opposed to drukāti burti
Three of our last trips were in Northern Europe, and we've both lived in England recently.
Finns and Lithuanians share particular genetic haplotypes which aren't shared with Estonians or Latvians...
For real, it's eaten almost every day, but we've got alternatives
In real world is often subtler than that, *influence* is easier and often more cost effective than some form of bribery and there's a myriad of ways to achieve that
Let them solve it among themselves.
Gender reassignment surgery
Thomas, the head of the Pentagon’s Special Operations Command, who visited here recently, said of the tiny militaries of Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia.
One of these always finds it's way on the table when it's a birthday.
1000 - tūkstotis
[lats] - our currency which was replaced with euro
Nearly 50% are in favor of NATO as well, as evidenced by this survey.
And fair interest in Australia
"Batka" really has been [pissed off] at Putin for a while now.
Latvia it's rare to see anyone cleaning up after their dog at all.
Sveiki, mani sauc Džons(John), ir prieks jūs satikt
As long as they keep the potatoes away from Latvia...
Course we are, it just seems you crush on Finland a bit too much
It talks about spliting Europe in spheres of influence a la Molotov-Ribbentrop pact.
EU is not gonna sever ties with countries or kick out member states because a politician said something moronic.
I feel like I'm playing some unexpected guessing game for some reason
Sabile has been for hundred years the most northern wine yard in Europe.
i anestlī dount laik za latvijan akscent, it saunds verī vierd
But in some parts of Germany - it's apparently not necessary - why
I mean any one in our language, not that they're all great and catchy
Lithuania is at 181.3 cm if measured just as all the other countries were.
because Suomi > Finland
Highway here in Latvia is some road with 90 km/h limit
We here are backwards and appreciate the safety and homeliness of the familiar.
What is going on right now
We've got beautiful women, but we, the men, are fucking ugly.
The language has a very different flow.
No, over here they're generally famous for peeing on every public landmark and monument
Both country’s have similar Baltic languages and been through a lot historically
Personal thoughts what did you like in the story?
Oh and the bat-shit crazy ZZS one.
But overall in my social circle it's well tolerated
There are few upsides, tho
That only means - measurement was not made by the linguists.
[NATO’s intelligence apparatus is concerned over a lack of access to intelligence from NATO members Latvia and Lithuania.
All people that didn't arrive with the army are allowed to stay and have all the same rights except they can't vote without doing the exams.
judging by how offended people get these days a potential war would never ever never ever never ever
The 'joke' was acceptable until you added RU at the end
Riga's development comes from natural workings of market based economy, and not from some stupid government plan.
Baltic enviroment is forests and swamps, tanks are too large and heavy for effective use
Good, god, the Murka scene with the former general prosecutor was so cringe worthy.
Countries like Finland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania were invaded purely because the Molotov-Ribbentrop act gave the USSR freedom to do so and because of the nazi's breathing down their neck made them feel compelled to do ASAP.
Yeah, we've always called them "Čehija" and never "Čehu/ijas Republika", so good on you, Czechia!
The movie industry isn't bad, it's just essentially dead.
That's in a lot of languages
I made that a little too confusing, basically the most corrupt countries in Europe go like this:
The ministry of enviorment and regional development, VARAM for short, which just happens to stand for "we can" in Latvian, they're website  lists everything they can on the right hand side, but suffice to say, you might never have expected that you would need to call for tech support to ministry of the enviroment, which is curently very busy with redrawing borders of our regions
The picture was taken at Latvia, Saulkrasti - Sunny shores, by an Estonian photographer Kanil Negull.
The Swedish system is quite good.
Keep fighting at least the world will know in the worst case
Same here
When you cook it properly at home, it's actually quite good
Latin-Americans have it pretty hard to get the necessary visas.
Dude 1
That's what proportional representation is for.
But ot be fair, due to centuries of living on the border and being under powers from north, east and west, it's a bit of everyhting
It weirdly bugs me that Lithuania "restored full independence", while Estonia and Latvia "declared the Soviet rule null and void from the beginning" in 1990.
If people wanted a transgender politician to remain discrete about it in France, I would call this double standard.
Take a vacation to Europe and you'll find that most people like Americans.
Happy independance day D̶u̶c̶h̶y̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶L̶i̶v̶o̶n̶i̶a̶ Latvia!
That covers Estonian presidents for 20 years out of last 25.
But it does not make it any less true - and I'd rather those countries face the mzusic than be coddled like a spoiled brat and spreading their shit.
You see apparently after [February] everybody and their uncle was into politics, a bit of Google search suggests that in late March alone Latvians had established four political parties and, of course, soldiers too wanted some represantation being sick of fighting and all, so they established councils and stuff and this must have been one of those.
while taking foreign things to rich themselves but for lower classes that's not allowed
I really cannot identify with any US party.
They don't have language rights because they are seen as soviet colonists that don't deserve them.
Here are some of the less popular specific places that left a lasting impression on me (all for different reasons): [Poland] [Slovakia] [Lithuania] [France] [Ukraine] [Germany] [Latvia]
Yeap, and Latvia has Inčukalns Underground Gas Storage Facility (3.2 billion m³ of active capacity).
Now Trump will do the same mistake.
well since it was late and everyone was tired, that police guy actually let us go, and just said that he won't let us go next time
Reallistically companies for which it makes sense, like large multinationals might and likely allready have
dem Renaissance money though....
Nope - a bad joke of a president, oligarchs and mafia running the country and then the economy collapsed
Without our minorities we would have been as unknown as Latvia or Iceland I suppose...
60-70€. Car insurance 30€ for 1-3 moths depending on experience, points etc
Doesn't mean it's right to look down upon them and imply that Latvia is any lesser because of them
In Rīga there’s an electronic card for all public transports-‘E-Talons’.In my city Rēzekne there’s so called ‘Rēzeknieša karte’which is basically the same thing
Poland, Croatia, Latvia, Bulgaria, Albania etc...
But at the same time having Euro is so much more convenient
As for the origin, not sure - perhaps it has something to do with the latin word "viverra", meaning "ferret".
I tried posting mine but sadly instagram links get removed here
But then Russian Family decided to kidnap us
It's Kaka in Latvian :)
Russia always goes in circles
Because it wasn't. When people think about communism, they think the USSR or Warsaw Pact, and compared to that, Yugoslavia was a paradise
Girls
This is the way
Finland independent, but Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are not.
It’s worth it
The booze shelf looks quite full
These questions should determine his fate
Where are the Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania?
I consider myself to be Latvian who just happened to get Russian as my first language
When why Russians are still calling everyone fascist and Nazi, even though whole new generation is here?
Fun fact, you man down-vote me for this, but from what i heard from a few people who were send to Siberia and came back, most often it was the envious neighbors that would write letters to the soviet administrations, saying that their neighbors were kulaks and hiding grain, livestock and such.
I have a suspicion that English is nowhere spoken at home as much.
Not really, it's been part of Russian ideology since Middle ages, they're just evoking former glory by referencing this.
It actually is the first thing that pops into my mind if hear "Slovakia".
[His actual thought at the moment]
A sparkling wine is intriguing.
well, since it's a language map, if there is no other spoken language in Lithuania apart Lithuanian then you don't need extra colouring.
Once you hear it in Latvian, you can't unhear it.
I'm from Latvia and I'm fearing for my life, we're bordering russia and russia has taken our lands quite a few times and we've been ruled by russia for a hundred years in the past, I'm just scared that if Russia wants to attack us, there is nothing we can do.
Well maybe EU should end this resettlement circus and let refugees go to Sweden and Germany.
I finally did learn in my early thirties, but I pretty much never use it anyway
I don't like it, but it's ours, and many lovely Latvians come from there.
It was plain bar IIRC milk chocolate.
We have kind of weird, cursed memes, often very dark humor
So that pretty much evens out
Same goes with Latvia I presume, but you do have the [statistical regions]
Von der Leyen is defense minister of Germany only because she is pretty much useless anywhere else.
god forbid people believe in something that doesn't fit current narrative.
Well, turns out you don't have to enjoy it to get addicted.
Latvia imports 60% of its electricity and half of that comes from Eestis dirty oil shale plant :x
Those would be some of the common grounds, trade will continue as usual, dreams of federation under EU will not happen.
Any research on Baltic countries
What I meant, is that iirc Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania were the first republics to declare independence from USSR and for the past years have done a lot to distance from that chapter of history.
I usually brew Earl Grey or Assam, but also other blends - there is a local tea shop from where I often pick up a new sort.
They say that for them, Turkish people occupied their land
Not triggered at all
The direct Eurostar between the two capitals takes two and a half hours, also a shorter train connection than Paris has with Germany, except for the direct route to Saarbrücken but that's not exactly a major destination.
T-64 are overall better tank than T-72
I dont understand why are you constantly dissing Hadrian's wall, it actually worked pretty well.
Us, you, Belarussians, Ukrainians, some Germans, maybe Latvians and a bunch of others, too.
Welcome to the jungle mawfucker
Oh man o remember going mushroom picking with my grandmother and then making mushroom stew and sauce
27 euro
- National Geographic Society
is Belarus and Latvia defense agreement somehow rubbish?
The problem is that you can assert literally anything, as you do, and since you are asserting that there are specific organizations having specific influence I'm extrapolating to the only plausible conclusion
But gas will still be there in 20, 30, even 50 years, just hopefully at a smaller role
It's sounds like a mix between old Latvian and Russian
It is however protected variation of Latvian by law
I guess not so much Russian as a non-communist names.
yes
I was in Wales a month ago for a wedding
It's basically beets, potato, sausage, eggs and spices with this thing called kefir
In English nationality rather often refers to citizenship, you probably mean ethnicity
So basically it's status quo for the sake of status quo
You can shoot there as a foreigner and you can even shoot an AK variant, a 12-gauge shotgun and other weapons that are not under any circumstances legal to own.
(I'm still learnig German, sorry for grammatical mistakes)
I think it would be easier to understand, if you just would have said that Soviet is Russian word for council and is translated in several languages, while some others like English, for some reason have instead loaned the Russian word to refer to Soviet Union and councils in commie lands, this talk about using the same word makes it sound like some languages have borrowed the Russian word to refer to councils in general
Church gives you answers for simple questions and sense of order in chaotic times.
We Russians have learned from history that you can only count on yourself.
It won't go down well in Malmo, Marseilles or Brussels and many other places in western Europe.
Green for swampforest
200.000 is still small to be honest......I think Finland can get that many, and they have like 6 million people in total living there
Like, University of Latvia (one of main universities) e-studies page has Latvian, English and Spanish (wtf
After all, the rest of us are just here to work for them and make them money
The booze shelf looks quite full
even if they are not a superpower, they can still deal immense damage to Eastern European states if they start a war or something of that kind......that's what got people worried, its the same thing with North korea, they might be shit but they still can kill a lot of people of they wish to do it.
Could be cold beetroot soup with ...kefir
Greetings from Latvia
I grew up hearing about your shit and seeing pictures of badly decomposed bodies and displaced people.
Do you instantly recognize the Russian variant spoken by the local Russians outside Russia, like for example in Estonia and Latvia?
Ok, maybe you started talking English in early age and it's feels more natural to you
People have bought out all of the face masks, yet I have not seen a single person with a face mask
Interestingly enough I just read that Isaac Asimov had also, supposedly, interpreted Mount Doom as a metaphor for the pollution in the industrialized world.
We are the only genuine pro European, pro NATO, pro Western party.
Of course legally, if the university is accredited internationally, you can absolutely say that you do have a degree.
*Trolli* means "of a trolleybus" and *trollis* means "inside a trolleybus" in Estonian, so you cannot possibly be using the same words in Latvian.
If we could change things with political decisions alone, would be fine.
Anytime I was just walking somewhere in the city and decided I wanted to leave the area, I'd look at the map and discover I am no more than 5 minutes away from a stop.
Edit: And Latvian also has, depending on the dialect, two or three vowel tones.
Vilhelmīne, Šarlote for females
He is everywhere, also in your country.
So I suppose that when they get better at English they compensate by overdoing it
Russian, 30 percent of our population are russians
Been there many times, almost no differences between us
The only thing that doesnt seem to correlate with safety is speed limit.
It was pretty similar in price to beef, if I recall correctly
Latvia burns potatoes for fuel.
I’d have put Sweden (and Germany) down for this question
Rent seeking happens under every economic system
Im a medical student so if everything goes well - being a doctor
Or 819 years old if you count the creations of the Livonian order (an order of crusaders) who were the first form of government in the territory
ye, especially when most dragon depictions for Latvians is ones who can fly, so I kinda see that addition as redundant as well
I guess it be the [first awakening] considering it basically created the idea of a Latvian state
I'm really not built for anything above 23°C, I hardly got through 21°C in the past normal summers
Chilly: 5-17C
Oh well, the date has finally been set then - March 29, 2019.
I mean I'm all for opportunities to seek better lives elsewhere, but at the same time I feel like rural regions get abandoned by the young and the old die out
I would be talking to my American friends and I would tell them what a word is in Latvian but right after I use the Latvian word my brain just switches to Latvian
I did about two weeks of driving between Krakow and northern Finland and back via Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia and we didn't have any *issues*.
Yes, military service was obligatory.
I guess we also have pelmeņi, which are technically Russian, but we have our own variations which are, honestly, as good if not better than any пельмени I’ve had in Russia
We have a similar saying with similar meaning (more to express unfulfillable wishes) to baba Duško - Ja omei būtu riteņi, viņa būtu autobuss (literally - If grandma had wheels, she would be a bus).
I can't imagine what it takes for Russians to be out on the streets of Moscow protesting
It's hard to call them a neutral power, but they aren't really on anyone's side either.
I also was a school newspaper guy at some point, but for a couple of months only
While I'm in Sweden most of the time, it feels good to visit Latvia with the same money that I have left over from a trip to Germany.
You do choose a "direction" when entering high school but that one choice determines your subjects for the next 3 years, and there's not much variation either really, the choice of direction mostly amounted to whether you have a bit more mathematics and physics or not.
Gotta have quadrireme too so you can nab a barb scout for easy eureka.
I think it may have to do with the anti-Russian sentiment in the Soviet era that Latvians gave their child a name such as Ziedonis
Imperialism is imperialism, doesn't much matter if it's 300 years or 800 years
I have no idea how I learnt spelling, reading and writing, though
Where I am from doing this would definitely be a leftist bent
Either “what is that
So for most Finns it's just ''normal'' part of life and how it should be and how it always has been
Definitely appropriate for Latvia
Really unpopular in my country but I love them
We have already lured suomi as far as the Valka/Valga LV-EE bordertowns with our cheap Latvian alcohol, so if Lithuania can best us somewhere in Palanga, I think we can reclaim Finland for the Baltics like in good ol' tzar times.
Not an area I'm deeply familiar with.
It seems it flew right over your head.
For example, take the English word "ratchet", in Latvian it's "sprūdrata atslēga" and the guys in the workshop use the Russian word "varatok".
I found it weird at first because we don't even learn about Latvian mythology unless it's a common element for us too.
Red and big ones, one costs almost euro
Not sure how it all started though, I was just another link in the chain of people
English, because of the spelling and all those silent letters
I walk putting 1 foot in front the other, count and multiply by 31
The parts of the world where significant cultures existed with advanced power structures and economies, and further, also integrated in to the silk road routes that spanned the ancient world?
> tar nation
The best scenario from a Ukrainian standpoint
Hot: 30C or more
What of the [majority of Russians] in numerous counties of Estonia or Latvia?
Anyone who went back to Russian generally comes back or tries coming back.
yeah who needs Moscow and St Petersburg anyway, better sacrifice them to NATO nukes to save your pathetic pride
It seems thats something a lot of people seem to not understand
In addition to the long-known integration issues, there has been a string of deadly attacks that certainly creates a popular desire to see something done.
Question to reddit
I knew the public transit was pretty bad in most cities, but I didn't realize to what extent
One of the biggest things I am proud of my nation is how our fathers and forefathers have managed to keep Latvian so widespread and powerful even though we've had centuries of it being pushed down into the dirt.
[Saule, Pērkons, Daugava]
"[Have you personally bought alcohol from Latvian border shops in the last year?]" (Map)
The Yugoslav Wars were a series of separate but related ethnic conflicts, wars of independence and insurgencies fought in the former Yugoslavia from 1991 to 2001, which led to the breakup of the Yugoslav state
In Europe, countries with most guns (Serbia, Switzerland, Cyprus, Sweden, Norway, France, Austria, Germany, Finland) have extremely low intentional murder rates...
Finland is [ranked among the best countries for English proficiency] That proficiency index has some flaws, but seems to be a good reflection of reality in general.
Lietussargs - rain guard (umbrella)
But a lot of these names are still in common usage today
Confiscation of the car
For example for me as Slovak it would be impossible to tell apart Latvian from Lithuanian speaking English when I have heard only few times Lithuanian or Latvian languages so there is no way I would be able to see/hear differences in English between them.
My minority subjective opinion.
Same
Well, other than perhaps me becoming more and more dead inside year by year, but that has nothing to do with the movie though
Or like a mix of the two
It's pretty easy to think of them, with my British passport I've not stopped hearing about them for 4 years
I think Soviets had something similar - ''We might suck at everything, but NATO fear us, so we have that going for us''.
But just about anything is easier than German, and I don't think there's anything necessarily wrong about English having a simplified form that some people use.
Also this would mean there would be no Soviet occupation, and so Latvia would have kept its prosperity and wealth, and wouldn’t be just a post soviet mediocre country
Nobody want's to go to a place they know nothing about.
- Varis (The-One-Who-Can-Do-(It))
Only if they've lived in that country for a while.
25 years is a miniscule amount of time for full economic recovery.
I wouldn't say that it's any ugly, I really like the looks tbh, but I've heard a lot that this building is really tasteless and not at all attractive
It's, at best, revenge against the grandchildren of those who occupied the country.
The small thumbnail looks like the sea waves on the [Estonian SSR] and [Latvian SSR] flags.
Really hope things will change because I think its a great way to move around and would fix many problems
The Pope's Swiss guards are pretty well known in general
Go maybe protest China and their lack of efforts for minimizing the climate change
Will I have problem to communicate?
They should be able to get a russian citizenship basing on ancestors roots without any issues.
In bland, colorless and importless Soviet life Georgians had wines, fruit, brandy and likes.
Spez-----
I don't think EU ever has seriously made such claims (and it would be rather strange claim for a modern entity)
No, there would be like 1000€ fine, I really don't know all fines, but about 1000 euros I have heard so
I express my sympathy in him having to deal with idiots
The other 2 Baltic countries have 30%+ native Russian speaking population therefore what is your suggestion to do with it?
For Russians it would be way less.
* Jēkabs Peterss actually [founded the VChK aka
Russia,
I bet that guy did not study The Blade properly.
It's a simple question and, while it may be irrelevant to compare it to Nazi Germany, it still brings up question for debate.
Sometimes lookup the best restaurants on TripAdvisor, start at #1 and go through the list, a different one each night
The Soviets did it throughout the USSR, and Putin is doing it right now in Crimea
A lot of the places have contitution that says marriage is a union between man and a woman
Isn't this being done kind of already
Quite refreshing without laugh tracks.
Well it's not as if you'd understand.
For Latvia it’s when the tzar times broke up and we got independence for like a few years and made a stable country, but then the USSR formed and we were part of the Russians again
"Oh, I found something on the Internet that mainstream media didn't mention, oh, I'm so enlightened now"
Before they realize the need to learn also Russian to get some low paying jobs.
We can already see how it (doesn't) work in darknet and crypto markets
In what world did Taliban could expect to get away with harboring a dude who just killed thousands of civilians in the World's only superpower?
As a foreigner who last visited Vienna 6 years ago, and other Austrian cities even longer ago than that, I would say the Hofburg or Karlskirche were the two buildings I associate most with Austria
Bit it depends on age, I guess
I won't be telling you anecdotes today "LatvianLion" unfortunately.
We'll have more coastline than Latvia and we'll also get some rocket research sites.
It was a sad day when Moser died :/
Somali pirates cause big damage to European shipping, they are probobly the reason for this
you say that as if it was that easy.
This goes on for the whole wait for buses, both times, and we eventually get to the town in Argentina with her still acting the drama queen ranting away in Russian
members of Right Sector taking party
It's not realisticly possible to achieve Western levels of prosperity instantlly.
And Wales is a part of the UK
Yea, but I meant our huge slav minorities and that we are something in between Finnish and Slavic peoples genetically
Circus performance of the day
Degunradzis = Nose-horn (Rhinoceros)
Ooo, I guess that's chilly for you guys.
If there is no line does not mean there is no connection.
And sprite isn't the worst thing people have mixed wine with.
But when foreign occupation ends a new country isn't founded, it's still the same country even, if it had stopped to function for some time.
Not only does it have the seaside, it also has ski and wellness resorts with mineral water
We are always just below Lithuania's ratings and way below Estonia's.
can any Latvians help
So they still exist somewhere
English, Estonian, French, German, Latvian, Lithuanian, Russian, Ukrainian
Naturally, I assumed that most European countries had similar on their coastlines, and that people in South of Italy or Greece just hopped on a boat to go to Egypt all the time
Hope this shit closes mink farms for good
TIL Latvians are real life [potato-ists]
It (along with Latvia and Lithuania) were occupied by the Soviet Union in 1940, but the occupation and annexation were not recognised by the West and were(still are) considered illegal by international law.
Yes, I will make one for Slovenia
We do, but the "latvia no have potat such is life" jokes have gotten to the point where _multiple_ people i've spoken to have genuinely asked me "do you guys have potatoes there
It flows into the sea next to a city called "Jūrmala" - seaside
I dont think you need that much unless you are planning to marching on Moscow yet again.
I like it
I guess it's that time of the year again when Latvians and Estonians are Nazis
Mainly three reasons:
Our folk tales even had the older son to be more handsome and smart - i.e.
Latvian, too
Yeah, I've heard this bullshit before
What would happen if they pulled for independence from Latvia and Estonia?
If you dont close the door she will say:
I would be cooking if I would be outside and it is like 40°C or more and we are in countryside so cooling isn't the best, only ones that come up to mind are: we have 2 fans, I can go swimming or just cool off with that ¿thing what makes water to mist
I thought that was allready mentioned...
If we are Soviet I want my piece of [the moon rock] !!!
The reason has to do with the potatoes agricultural uses and gentle nature.
When I was in my Latvian high school, there was pretty much no choice of subjects.
* Private health insurance
The head of Jesus radiates tens of gigabytes of porn every day
In Latvia, Baltic Germans were definitely the elite ethnic group, but they essentially disappeared after being transferred to Germany as part of an agreement between Hitler and Stalin.
My dad is from Latvia and he has lived in first Wales and then England for two decades now.
Ah sounds a bit like us, but slightly better.
Rabbit, however, is about the same as beef
Sometimes one needs a kick in a nuts to realize error in his ways.
So its not that bad after all
Switzerland - Šveice
NATO pressured Spain to refuse refueling.
At the same time I disagree from the practical perspective - I do not want a setback that abandoning English would entail.
Well USA government saved US car manufacturing once already, wouldn't be surprised if they would need to do it again.
Its 1200 km of autobahns
"mixed background" don't make up an overwhelming majority in any city or town of decent size in Latvia.
Some people call it a dialect but it's a lot too different for that
We have special shops for will boar, deer, etc
Did a couple of carthwheels when I got my first MTB, due to that one having the frontal brakes on the left side and the rear brakes on the right side
What's the deal with Universities?
What did Georgia do to piss Russians off
Happy cake day
Here the prices are the same as in W Europe and USA since long ago.
Otherwise, this map should include Trinidad and Tobago and Togo in Africa as red.
There are two forms of ID that are issued by the Latvian government and thus recognized by the government as valid ID.
But sometimes its low quality, shit joke, bad grammar, etc
You have an election next year, right?
"The date of 16 March was chosen because in 1944 both divisions of the Latvian Legion, the 15th (1st Latvian) and the 19th (2nd Latvian) fought alongside for the first time against the Red Army.
Taking "our banks" suggest a Brit, but childishly over the top anti-socialism says American.
Ass in Latvian means sharp or axis
Even "liberal" Navalny doesn't want to return Crimea
You do know that there were multiple UN resolutions condemning Assad which were adopted by SC, which means Russia didn't block them.
P.S.: how does one do the degree sign (the little bubble) on a qwerty?
You can check the nutrients on the label.
Classifications that put the Baltics in Eastern Europe:
In Latvia it’s the opposite but I grew up in UK where they do it the same as you, so I use them interchangeably without realising it, to the annoyance of everyone else
We have those contactless "Jurmala resident card" which you need to swipe on terminal in the bus
This state had [some small colonies]#Colonization) in Africa (Gambia) and the Americas (Tobago).
Also, just about the most dangerous thing you can do is supposed to be sitting in a draft (as in wind) indoors
We have Youth guard that initially was formed as a youth organization for National guard, I think it is kind of like scouts for kids interested in military things.
Soviet Union and Nazi Germany had long on going economical partnership
All 3 are in north eastern Europe.
Are saunas really common in Latvia?
Lesbians, on the other hand, are a marketing jackpot.
Yeah, you might want to go elsewhere...
I think there will be a lot of civl unrest and a lot of mess.
Renzi should learn from Mussolini on how to stabilize Libya and Italy nowadays is more richer and powerful than it was in the 30ties.
Because I remember you and your posting habits.
In February they've signed the contract for the second part (the one which goes to the southern Europe).
Then there's Latgalian, which a lot of people outside of Latgale claim is just a dialect and not a separate language but, even so, people from the rest of the country will only understand about 25% of it at most
Everybody in Europe should be sent for month to live in rural Africa.
Not enough people died, I guess?
I'd expect people to be name some major European capitals - London, Paris, Berlin, Rome, Moscow - and to comfortably name a dozen European countries.
Brāļukas- probably what the Lithuanians say
I know that two other neighbours I grew up next to were vets, one was a combat engineer, another was regular infantry.
I'm glad someone gave you a more comprehensive answer
Most of Latvia's renewable energy comes from hydroelectric dams
While CET is used, I also often see country names used informally for timezones.
Any foreign books, like Hamlet, Macbeth, Dante, Kafka, Erich Maria Remarque, and J. D. Salinger, regardless of the subject, were the *fun* parts in literature classes
Indeed
* 4 July (in mourning) — In memory of victims of the Holocaust
More cooperation would seem more nice not only in the political world, but also in cultural.
1918-1928 was all about wars and independence, as well as making groundwork for the country itself.
An amphibious invasion of non-continental Iceland would be a completely different scenario than against Croatia or Latvia, for example.
Mostly antiquity in the 10th grade, and then again a lot of Latvian perspective on the late middle ages and the 20th century.
Ēdole
Funny how the only place Putin candidates are looking like winning/winning is the US.
It's relatively rare to hear foreigners speak Latvian.
I like what I see
I don't know any Russian/Latvian who would die for "Mother Russia".
The difference between being in a federal EU and a British empire, is that the EU sees you as an equal participant, not an unruly subject with the wrong religion, and is willing to provide aid should it be necessary
Burgers suck
The state language in the Latvian Republic is Latvian
I love the F on his picture
Even fucking gas is cleaner than coal.
And then some of us say that we love democracy and dictatorship is shit
A bunch of activities and even more after becoming the pioneer: activity groups of any kind - sports, nature patrol, helping workers and farmers, building radio out of a pencil, wire and a couple of transistors, granade throwing, hikes to god knows where
I always thought it was our own special brand of stupid
For physical and/or sexual violence Latvia and Denmark are the worst countries, in both countries 32% of women have experienced such violence since age 15.
UK, France, Spain, Monaco (that counts!), Italy, Belgium, Netherlands, Czech Republic, Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Ukraine, Russia, Sweden, Norway, Ireland.
I think Latvia is similar to Lithuania in terms of media, but our politicians have less balls than Grybauskaitė and were mincing words even in 2014.
But it doesn't automatically mean that cheapest labour is always the main factor in hiring someone, you may also want job to be done well and such
I am happy to see that mycountry is in the front page of reddit
Which kinda discredits the idea of likening the two regimes
I wouldn't say discussion was particularlly encouraged, it was just like any other class, except for first few lessons that we had without boys, not sure, if they had seperate lessons as well or it was just because girls develop differently
I would also add some places that have jaun- (new) added to the names
No, I'm pretty sure it's you that say as at end of every word.
She's the most powerful politician in Europe.
Now the way the border bus works, is that locals don't need a passport to cross so foreigners have to get out, get stamped, and wait for the next bus, at both checkpoints
Even today we sometimes randomly insert some parts of them in conversation.
All three are UNESCO's [Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity]
Really makes you feel exploited, too
Well, no worries then, we are getting [everything]
Like, why would putting my bag on the ground mean I will have no money
Really
You dont like it
This was around 20 years ago, but our Italian tour guide told us to avoid the restaurants that were packed with Japanese and American tourists
Cops and medics where there almost instantly it seemed like
Why not fucking Bangladesh, or, I dont know, maybe Ukraine that is actually in Europe and kinda at war.
Definitely - to me Portuguese is like Spanish with a Russian accent, and some Arabic loanwords thrown in.
From the little I've seen, American football is perhaps unmatched in the amount of time that goes without anything happening.
Most of our food comes from Russia (dishes that are popular, at least) and honestly
The sound of Lithuanian does sound "more complicated" than Latvian for example, sort of reminds that there is a bigger influence of Slavic languages, especially Polish and Russian, which there is, I imagine.
Jaunpils is the weirdest of those for me
Maybe vote for someone who advocates for a proportional parliament system?
According to UN data for 2015 (so - newer data, the CIA numbers in the OP are for 2011), [Latvia is ahead of Estonia by nearly 1%!]
I am also talking about today's massive immigration, not enough money to buy stuff, not enough jobs and corruption therefore Lithuania's suicide rate is high.
Yes but the IRA are white, so we need to figure out what is going on.
Ours is actually [quite fierce] The legend says that the 'lion' being in the pouncing position tells the story of the eventual return of [Roņu island] to the fatherland.
Poverty and alcohol
Nobody in their right mind would pass such an opportunity
I mean it probably works if one's ultimate goal is to prepare the kids to be resilient when their land is ravaged by one side or another every generation or so; it's mightily depressing if you want to have well-adjusted people in the peacetime
In Latvian you basically have the ability to deminutise (make small/cute) every word
The notion that a leader is given a turnkey position with no say in it is so simplistic to be almost naive
Endless stream of pictures mostly from military exercises, their PR is doing very good job of keeping us updated about everything they do.
Chop of a perfectly fine tree in the winter and put it indoors to slowly rot
Then again, Trump would not know that because he has no idea how running a country works.
Russia does not own Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Finland or any of its other neighbours.
So yeah, they're basically like those abandoned houses people would go to explore, and it would probably cost 3x as much to make it livable (and most likely already was/would be turned into an apartment building)
No, there was a referendum about making Russian an official language in Latvia, but the proposal was turned down.
I'm not really passionate about either region, I'm just repeating what linguists have told me
Hmm, when I heard the Latvian ambassador to the US speak his whole speech was anti-Russian, anti-Russian minorities in Latvia.
Just because its different doesn't means its good, hence downvotes.
The article is your normal everyday dose of Russian propaganda, that gets shat out of there all the time, not a pretext for an invasion.
If they wanted that then there would not be any problems - the EU would sign that deal immediately
Because everyone knows rye bread is our national food?^/s
Even IKEA has a wide selection
can any Latvians help
Well yes, it is *hell* (German for bright) here when it snows.
say what you want, but Americans didnt start that war.....Soviets invaded Afganistan, they started the fighting and because of them extremists started pouring into that country (before Soviets came, there were no Taliban or al-Qaeda in Afghanistan).
Poland send a letter to Latvia during World War II..
Do you feel closer to Turks or Spanish because of dubbed Turkish soap operas or Spanish telenovelas?
I am actually surprised that most countries haven't met it...
They killed Ms
For example, there is a sign near my house with the word "banknote" on it
>Belarus
How do you ensure that news ideas can still appear in such a state?
Pretty much the same here, except it’s more the go-to for furniture and supplies but not luxury, and we have only one in the country
Passive majority of Latvians would be, of course, against it, but they will be unable to stop a bunch of hot-headed nationalists.
So in this case, yes, her private remarks are more genuine.
Not that the rest of the traffic participants are any better
At least a solid 2
0L engine and automatic transmission
the current one, almost everything before that fucking sucked lol
I remember reading a story that they packed shotguns in case of meeting bears after landing
> The UK is continuing to abide by many EU regulations
Do Russian sanitary laws exist to protect consumers or to ensure everyone runs a foul of them?
I will not stand this
Among the rest, it depends on the age.
Movies and TV are absolutely dominated by US cultural exports, as is music, US literature is heavily represented, American brands and franchises are everywhere, and numerous other traditions or concepts make their way here, like Halloween.
I guess “man pohuj” is used a lot
This, of course, applies to all of us
We have mulled wine (Gluhwein) though
Imo driver education is more important but infrastructure is also a factor.
Probably "pretend" to be the organizers thinking they are going to play other teens to see what happens
Russia invading Ukraine showed how they really feel about nonproliferation, it's time we act on that knowledge.
Sometimes, you just want nice weather and scenery, but not culture or even other people, so a private villa with own pool and no near neighbours, but within a larger resort for ‘in-villa’ catering and bar service, can be quite nice
Cooking's more like a family day together doing stuff etc
There’s a small Latgalian independence movement that none of the rest of the country take seriously though
Simply a black cross over what it is now because that's what government does to the land I love so much
Never mind that 1) we never conquered anything, just bought them; 2) it was a German vassal state to the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth that was about a quarter of our country; 3) it was about a decade or two in the 17th century; 4) we've ourselves have been in a similar situation in our own land
So yeah compared to that it's not much.
Not disappointed someone beat me to it
One ride cost is 1
So you say I can kill people and not be a bad person because Stalin killed tens of millions and didn't went to jail?
Honestly, with how crap my uni experience was, and how crap most of my friends uni experience has been, I'm not even mad at Latvia being behind Lithuania and Estonia
We have those contactless "Jurmala resident card" which you need to swipe on terminal in the bus
A Latvian talking about having an emigration crisis while a Greek is present should be illegal.
Not that the other times were good as such in the Soviet Union, but they were certainly not AS bad, or bad in a different sense (civil war, for example)
I do like regular fish but eating stuff like shellfish, octopus/squid etc
Cringe
Outside of Latvia, there are Latvian speakers in countries such as the US, UK, Germany, Ireland, Russia or Sweden, but even the largest of those communities are small minorities in their respective countries, so Latvians living abroad will (if staying in touch with Latvia) consume Latvian domestically-produced media.
I think such strictly defined social gorups are only media cliches, can't see how it would even be healthy either, although of course people have different personalities and friends.
We know that you are used to lie - nothing special for you.
WTF is wrong with our Western brethren.
* [Aspazija]
I am going to make one for Bulgaria too
Because USA manufactured cars don't reach the minimum level of CO2 emissions, liter of fuel per 100 km, and overall they are to clunky for everyday use
But it's the language barrier that is by far the biggest thing, and you do not have that in the US.
Mostly because in winter, cogeneration is extremely useful, the infrastructure is there and it's very expensive to replace
(I'm still learnig German, sorry for grammatical mistakes)
By proxy, my boyfriend also learns since I tend to read stuff out loud from here
Also, isn't it funny how the poorest countries which won't be able to contribute much show the most enthusiastic attitude towards the idea?
Also the most expensive shop i've been to.
Au contraire, I find the difference part interesting.
> So while the Baltic countries are eager to wave middle fingers at Russia because they believe in their friend United States
Meanwhile, newly built concert halls are popping up in every self-aware small-town, one of those with a rather cocky city mayor just opened a concert-hall named Latvia (in a town of some 30k residents)
It's all right, wouldn't say it's anything great, in Ventspils
Influence not the one way road you describe, it runs both ways and spans the world in an entanglement of both personal and organizational contacts
Time will tell
Only four articles in the first chapter, about the basic principles of the country.
same thing here
Also you can't blame the fans for supporting their team, buying merchandise and tickets for games
If you're screenshotting a different post can you atleast crop the image
You can have your own [truth] and eat it too.
And it does sound more westernic not with slavic -ia ending
I was also quite shocked to see that.
I heard more Maltese during 2 weeks that I spent in Malta than Irish during 4 years that I spent in Ireland
He still doesn't understand that the annexation of Crimea and his imprisonment have the same roots
lmao ofc most occupied countries made it
For the Baltic states that means fighting Russia.
Sounds like a fantastic opportunity!
Look  at other stores
That's some bipolar shit right there
If I'll move to Luxembourg I'd rather struggle for a bit the first months to remain living there, instead of going back to Latvia.
We were, but since our disfunctional drug addict parents lost their rights on us, we were sepperated - you eventually moved to Mr
The flag of Latvia is red with a white dash
Your country fucked us in two wars
and everyone else
the Russian voters either don't care about it, or care little in comparison to letting "Latvian" parties at the helm (however which are not guaranteed not to be corrupt, I will add).
So no, UK is not like them, not even anything near it
And trump comments about NATO being absolute is closed minded and hypocritical.
Did The-Gateway-To-France send them any memo
It's about starting early, and using the languages often.
Exactly the same here
I'm not sure what you think the EU can actually do here?
And you are saying this based on what?
Honestly they aren't funny, at least for latvians
But foreigners aren't sane - they don't know the local situation and can fall victim for all sorts of schemes ;)
How different do you feel from the surrounding countries?
You'd be hard pressed to find a person under 50 who does not understand English in Finland.
Russia/USSR
I'll occasionally be able to understand a written sentence of Lithuanian, but mostly not.
They were apparently the first airline in the world to allow that, though I think it's more of a gimmick.
Even if 1/20 move, that's still a 3%.
It’s the biggest city and half the population of the whole country live here
There is a map name "Lake" with a house similar to this
is rumored to be repeated in 13.01.2017.
Rezekne, Latvia, Frets About Trump NATO Stance, War With Russia
Northern Europe knows the only real drinking is to get drunk eg UK, Germany, Finland
well since I (in your scenario) have Baltic fleet deployed in Kaliningrad with nuclear missiles and other high tech weapons that completely outnumber and outgun whatever those new enemy ships have, I would do nothing since I have no real reason to be worried when my offensive capabilities outweigh enemy by like 5 times.
I think it is quite popular but not too often used by teenagers 14-18 years old and young adults too
It's pretty easy to think of them, with my British passport I've not stopped hearing about them for 4 years
In 2014, one of four Belarusian teams visited Latvia for joint training, which is apparently a big event.
That would really just be to your own benefit.
It's more about the quality of the roads, whether or not they're routed through every godforsaken village, level crossings, frequent speed adjustments due to traffic entering from side roads, etc, etc.
Then let me paraphrase the question.
Estonia
This is what the USSR did in the Baltics in the eve of the WWII.
There are tons of False friends in our languages and you just can't assume their meaning, for example:
This is a sad day in Latvian history
Sometimes I look at posts by Estonians, Latvians and Lithuanians, and have to ask - why the fuck are we doing this?
I did the same except I was leaving via Romania and they warned me in Transnistria that the guards on that border get funny about not having an entry stamp, so we went to Chisinau airport and explained to the first security guard we saw that we needed a stamp, and he took us back to the head of security's office; he then had to call the foreign ministry to get permission to give us stamps for coming in through Transnistria
Latvian connection is also going to be upgraded, that's the biggest (smallest?) bottleneck right now.
I'd prefer being bros like with Latvians.
And how many arrived between July 2015 and August 2016?
UK right now towards EU has the same kind of relationship as Canada, and no its not ''continuing to abide by many EU regulations'', thats just flat out not true
Since you're a part of the NATO you already have the NATO standarts for the military.
Last year latvians from abroad sent 700 million euros to Latvia.
ZDFzoom: Putins Kalter Krieg | ZDFzoom: Putins Cold War
Never had any issues with English in Estonia ever and we're supposed to be on the same proficiency level
Campaign for Brexit, sure, but not on outright lies like "Turkey to join the EU by 2020" or "the EU will end the British Monarchy".
at least in terms of space, furniture and architecture as that way you have a better grasp on their size comparatively to your body, that sort of thing
Seems quiet and drinks herbal tea a lot
Well this is one of the nicest subs out there, and I’ve learned lots just by reading stuff here
We were born in darkness and snow, molded by it, we didn't see the sun and beach until the Wall fell and by then we were merely blinded by them.
Doing things at the last moment when the butt is on fire is the norm here.
Ass Nazis in latvian means “sharp knife”
The Gypsie people didn't integrate in Europe for like 1500 years living here.
And one of those 'many areas'  would happen to be Estonia (+Latvia=Livonia)
Piracy is using something without paying
They're 35th on FIBA world ranking.
Should give him citizenship and revoke citizenship of parents
Well modern France wouldn't be so rich without colonization.
Livonia (Estonia and Latvia) has more German influence, than Swedish or Danish, though some parts of it were under their respective Kingdoms.
The term "genocide" is quite recent and as such it's origins are well known.
If I see Estonian in a game or whatever I'd say "Hiii brooo
And they are increasing the prices so Estonia is going to get replaced by Latvia.
And you get to get drunk on a ferry and maybe even see Tallinn, question is, whether you'll remember any of it, but that is an adventure none the less
You make it sound derogatory for Romania, when he actually said the following: "I want to congratulate Romania with the victory.
Sometimes only the last name is used but that's in a way that is even less formal.
Less than minimum wage in the UK or Latvia?
They literally do, Lithuania has the 4th highest suicide rate in the world
That team was completely mediocre, and England also insists on having a coach who is the definition of average.
Seriously though, I was horrified thinking about those windows last night
There's also [extraction] and [another apparent consequence of the pipe tests]
7 mins by foot to school and 20 mins by bike to work
There were so many absurd, Kafkaesque things about it that are really easier to explain through jokes than otherwise.
I've heard that in Belgium some parents ask rent from their kids once they turn 18
We will not ever see a war between France and Germany
That's the definition of genocide, it has to target a specific group of people.
This is even worse than American interventionism.
Gender reassignment surgery
"Tas mani nerausta" - It's not tuggin / pulling me
Yes, but why build an aqueduct
If you're not a die-hard advocate of gay marriage rights or drug use, or a Russian-nationalist, you're probably not going to find a lot wrong with life here.
We do, but the "latvia no have potat such is life" jokes have gotten to the point where _multiple_ people i've spoken to have genuinely asked me "do you guys have potatoes there
It is also a non-existent law
As far as I know, you can name your child virtually anything you please, provided that the name follows the Latvian orthography (foreign names will have to be respelled, i.e. George >> Džordžs or Georgs)
The intent of this law is clear, they are trying to win over the women who kicked up a fuss.
10 - desmit
This I think is a great quote for the situation in USA right now
Sweden - Zviedrija
But overall, I would say that it's amazing fun!
No, it's not
Mattis seems like an excellent choice for SecDef!
If the person seems to be a tourist who memorized some phrases for politeness, I'd ask if they prefer continuing in English, but if they actually seem to have some command of the language, I'd be happy to respond in Latvian.
I would be quite happy to pay a bit more for components made in Europe, fyi
Latvia is an independent democratic republic
The average Russian is poorer than the average Latvian, even if the per capita figures point toward the opposite.
And by the way, Nazi ideology is banned and attacked in Baltics just like the Communists, so I dont understand why people try to pose this view that somehow if Soviets are bad somewhere then Nazis must be good, no they are not both are shit on
Still better funded than Latvian.
I can barely understand the latgallian dialect from the eastern part of the country (some of them consider it its own language)
You're gonna need it
sure, but that is not what I am trying to oppose
The catch is that nobody promised that the West will stop developing, so most of Eastern Europe probably has reached the level they were at around 1990, but it's still not good enough
The Estonian police has come up new way to punish drivers who break the speed limit on the highway
But, still, in many, if not most, cases there are plenty of budget spots for anyone with somewhat decent grades.
If Eastern European countries leave the EU and it's just Western Europe, the UK might rejoin since we won't be getting hundreds of thousands of Poles or Latvians.
>You have to count in finlandization
More precise, from the [official translation] (pdf)
There are also some underperformers e.g.
I'd like for my country to have closer military ties with Finland.
The idea of the 2% is that all members contribute to it fairly.
I wanted to buy a lock to lock it but it took too long to arrive and the next year they got rid of them
It's easy assume you're including the country the thread is about, though, even if you knew this, there's no harm in clarifying it for other readers
Finallys, someones understands!
Omon opens fier In the Baltic States (here's a [Lithuania man getting run over]
But maybe modern German doesn't have those roots, but Latvian does, since you probably got them from Baltic Germans
You are delusional if you think that US corporations will just bend over to allow UK companies to do business in the US.
Some Russians suffered due to their political views while other nations suffered because, you know, their nationality.
18 - astoņpadsmit
Also feels realy weird when you order Bolt and you get a driver who won't speak any of those three languages
And basketball is popular here for historical reasons
You do know you can identify as a French ethnicity even though you're technically not?
One kids hands would be over the others
Or Soviet Russia for us
lithuanian doesn't sound anything like russian to me
They can secure more of the area around Sankt Petersburg that way.
1001 - tūkstoš viens
There are two poems all Latvians would know:
They must have mixed you up with Switzerland
except for drinking and smoking
she is a traitor to EU and NATO , and to current French foreign policy as well
And those were Estonian numbers.
Multiple simultaneous devastating defensive deep strikes.
You can also pay in cash,if you want
Rēzekne (I prefer the sound of Russian: Режица)
Dat Safari version
It would be interesting to know what the formal procedure looks like.
They just came out of nowhere wiped the ground with army three times their size and disappeared, only to come back out of nowhere with even bigger army.
In Latvian we have "pūķis", which means both kite and dragon
Sure, a ban has been mentioned now and then in Latvia, but as far as I'm aware nobody in the government has ever expressed support for that, although the nationalist party has expressed a desire to make it harder to get an abortion.
Oh come on, Denmark and Sweden have those things and are similarly sized, I'm sure the Scots will do fine.
IMHO the answer is - by forcing inner EU countries to stop giving fortune amount of money to hand new coming 'refugees'.
Funny, I have the exact same argument but with summer time and how the extra light in the evenings would be beneficial for people coming from work
more like they do it for their own selfish desires, not because Russia is ''in danger from evil Americans'' or something.
Yeah, grunting or nodding is the best way to greet people, hehe.
We understand Russia a lot more than Western Europeans.
My favourite response to the magic word one is to just say abracadabra
It's really sucks to play unpolished table, but substitutes for the acid were kinda lame and really hard to find at least for a few years
You have a frigging enormous country, if you want a bigger change, move to Oregon, California or something.
Its not important what European commission considers success.
Historically, Latvia as an independent country is very young
If Italy wins then who is going to judge them about "war crimes"?
If you've never been there, doesn't matter where you go
And Iceland has more sales than Latvia, crazy...
Probably because parents themselves at some point simply stop speaking their own language.
It's a shame, that they never get much votes
The thing that always gets me is the first raid of Mongols into Kievan Rus.
Because otherwise the levels of irony are just unbearable
Latvia doesn't have eagle, we have a griffin.
Then there's Latgalian, which a lot of people outside of Latgale claim is just a dialect and not a separate language but, even so, people from the rest of the country will only understand about 25% of it at most
I love rye bread sandwiches with meat, cucumber, cheese, ketchup and mayonnaise
The country was under authoritarian regimes from 1940 to 1991, which means that only the youngest generation of voters was born and grew up in a democracy.
Getting experience in speaking or even hearing european languages is really hard, if you're not native.
But in mid-end of 90's it was banned or something and seems like it affected the popularity of the game
You can't count on centre-right voters supporting left candidate over right candidate no matter ho much you personally dislike one of the candidates.
This shit sometimes feels absurd
If you've decided to leave a clubhouse, why set fire to it after?
I got mugged couple of times in Latvia back in my school years in 1990s.
I suppose [Lāčplēsis] slayer) is the national epic that every one knows  and has to read it and is important to Latvian culture
in resturants yes
Our higher murder rate is largely due to the "one drunk kills another after a binge session in the ghetto", or "alcoholic husband beats his wife to death".
If we're sticking to Presidents specifically, I can name in addition to my own: Lithuanian, Russian, Belorussian, Ukrainian, French, German and Polish Presidents.
Latvia and Lithuania don't claim to be Nordic countries.
Hi, me call John, is joy you meet
Try that Latvian treat and quit for life.
Now you can see that we're all just people
US states and regions are quite culturally different, but not as much as European countries.
Something like these
Until the Nordics bartender cuts them off and suddenly they're the ones crashing our table where the booze flows freely
Latvian language laws are discriminatory.
Ramata
It's being increased to 65 by adding three months every year, as far as I understand it's 63 now
It's a staightforward process and will let you use your license in many more countries, and will make renting a car easier.
''good neighbors'' don't do that
Plus they’re catholic unlike the rest of Latvia
It is so much easier to afford for the person making more money albeit in a more expensive country.
As for independence, what is it exactly
Well, language that has different concepts that your own about very general and common things may change something about the way we express and reflect on our own points (we don't think "in a language", but once we involve speaking into analysis of thoughts), like in this example:  [
It's your problem if you want to argue against facts...
You can also pay in cash,if you want
The other thing is that green energy, due to fact that green energy producers are receiving subsidies, is a nice source of corruption itself
Wow, you think it's good that they didn't BLOCK resolutions against mass murder?
u/stevothepedo Ireland does not have the resources for its 5 million people to be self sustaining, not without massive rebuilding of the entire country and losing a lot of the comforts that the people currently experience
Let's send em' some Lithuanian beer and Latvian food.
Yet you can find 30k choirs in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania ;)
How may people have had their heads cut off?
If it's media or tv then sasodīts, if it's everyday, blyatj it is then
He should not only be loyal to the people who elected him but to all people of Rīga, 60% of who are Latvian, but fuck the rest of the population because he was elected by Russians?
Two Latvias too an no Lithuania.
Haha, amazing
It was 'kerdā' in Proto-Baltic and it evolved to 'kārta' in modern Latvian.
The second case is an entirely different story
If Lithuanians are like brothers then Estonians are like friendly rivals
Also i said outside europe, we in europe kinda get each other to some extent
Those of the "Soviet" demographic and their descendants, not local *šejienieši* who have Latvian/Latgalian, Polish, Belarusian, Russian etc.
To see how two, small but closely interactive societies have completely different names for other nations they dealt with.
Sure - it's more comparable to sneaking into cinema or concert hall without paying
Brexit
>or put some talking points on a whiteboard
The last 2 photos were taken at different time, and Putin wasn't there...
Going on streets and protesting is always an option
i'm not religious so i did ethics and we learned about emotions, manners, being kind to people, life goals and that kind of stuff
- Ziedonis (The Flowering-One)
Then you pay 160$ per application.
We have this in Latvia, it's beloved by most people but I hate it for some reason IDK why
Well, [a list] was made few years ago
Climate change is totally a hoax
They and other xi dick sucking corporations are clear remainders that rich people doesn't give a fuck about regimes as long as they are good
True, as usual with the French, the liaison is hard to prevent
>many of the men sympathised with the Nazis
Previously, refugees would simply be granted permanent residence.
It's such a backwards way of charging for public transport
So my questions are: What is there to see and do on these places?
I wouldn't, I don't particularlly like it, but after learning some history I realised it yas a bit deeper meaning than I thought and it certainly has meant something for way more generations than anything it could be replaced with.
aka Prince Philip husband of Queen Elizabeth II of United Kingdom
Eastern Europe has nothing to do with recent history of USSR and communism.
It's both
>all 3
"Blagodaryu"(благодарю) will probably work.
I think the concensus about Letigallian is that it's also just a dialect of Latvian, rather than it's own language
Really
Olas dzeltenums - egg's yellow (Yolk)
> Beautiful (but very demanding) girls
Norway and Switzerland have all of them (these 15 at least)
Make the decision based on which university is the best in your chosen field.
You can spend as much time as you want in Rome (there's enough to do and see for many weeks, you won't see it all), and Italy has a decent train network for tours elsewhere.
Should give him citizenship and revoke citizenship of parents
they have offended each other quite significantly in past weeks.
Not even mentioning things like Nord Stream and Energy issues in general, blocking Poland from taking part in negotiations about conflict in Ukraine.
How did you end up getting it
There's also an ecosystem of third party gambling and betting services that use CS:GO items as currency
Often when I need to translate two words and use "and" in the middle, I accidentally use the Latvian word "un" for it
What are the Ukrainians or Poles are lesser people than yourself?
Only longer distance busses (inter-city) and only when exiting through the front door
Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Poland have nothing in common with Belarus, Russia and Ukraine other than being post Commie states.
You fight fire with fire, time to wake up and realise Russia isn't fighting with fire any more.
Yep
That doesn't really happen but I do forget a lot of words in Latvian and I have to translate them from English
A carry license would be even harder to get
I mean jeans were original made by Levi Strauss and Jacob W. Davis a Latvian born american
Btw, Estonia and Latvia have loads of songs based on German student and folk songs, as the Estonian and Latvian student organization system and culture derives from the Baltic German one, which itself derived from German student organizations.
Latvia had its [Abrene] region annexed by Russia in 1940s.
We just say "et", so there isn't a fun meaning behind it
Do similar languages have similar accents?
No one has a right to call anyone a bitch unless speaking about female dog.
Mostly the tradition is alive because of media and schools where kids get to dress up (like on Halloween) and have a school fair (at least they had it back when I was in school).
Swedish Police is very politically correct due to pressures which might cost carriers.
EU election in 2014, [51% participation] Parliamentary election, [85% participation] it's an inconceivable number to me.
Keep fighting at least the world will know in the worst case
Iceland, Belgium (until 2018), Czechia, Slovakia, Greece, San Marino, Slovenia, Macedonia, Moldova, Malta,
I've noticed that many people in Latvia, also quite well traveled, rate Austrian cities like Vienna, Innsbruck and Salzburg as most or one of the most beautiful cities in Europe.
Novuss is Latvian-Estonian invention
Look at France, they come in all shapes and colors, but are very demanding about French.
Oh, thanks for explaining
But we have a lot of people against 5g internet
Existing situation when Russia is ruled by FSB is one of the worst possible
They buy from us building materials, but as far as I know that is definitely not that widespread
This internet stranger believes in you wishes you all the best
We will soon-ish be joining the "Below 1,9M" club.
So its not that bad after all
And then they deported hundreds of thousands in Siberia.
Similarly right now it shows Finland and Sweden using nuclear the most, that also is climate friendly IIRC, but not very friendly to life on Earth as we know it, if something goes wrong
It's so disgusting my brain can't even register it as food
I've interacted with female Muslims in several European countries.
well I guess climate change pushes me in to buying air conditioner, because i cant sleep no more in this heat
Chilly: 0 - -15 C
What
Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Ireland, Austria, The Netherlands, Belgium, Finland and, yes, France and Germany.
Probably one of the biggest fuck ups company could do
Russians were doing a lot of strange things on their borders
You forgot the best part how the results of that 'referendum' got published on moscow times newspapers a day before it even was supposed to 'start' voting
I can best describe myself as "non-religious", I do not hold religious beliefs, and I do not object to religion as a concept, although there are certainly religiously-motivated actions I object to.
Valga in Latvia is a town split in half by Estonia and Latvia
By the way guys thank you for killing Geddafi.
Sometimes it feels like people driving cars think that they are still sitting in those carnival bumper cars instead of piloting a ton of steel at a speed that can kill
And then of course much attention was focused on what happened in Latvia and with ethnic Latvian units and revolutions in Russia, because right after WWI we declared Independence and had our own war related to it with Bolsheviks and Germans.
I didn't use any folders and nothing was colour-coded
I would like to hear something about any Latvian criminal gang operating in Denmark.
No such thing needed in Latvia, as every single word in Latvian is pronounced as it's written
When they talk in UN they are doing their jobs, they don't say what they think, they say what is needed to further the interests of their countries.
In Sweden, there are 53 areas/suburbs that are designated as problematic, 15 of them being as especially problematic.
I'm already triggered, but just wait till the Estonians wake up.
] Probably that percentage would increase, but not by that much
Would it really be surprising that after meeting Putin they were also invited to a church and dinner?
Lets fuck him up m8 while the Russians are busy with Estonia.
Well there is reason to be angry about the current standstill, but Latvia and Lithuania are still quite far behind.
Kosovo
Which is also historically true, consider the number of American families that arrived from Europe sometime within the last 100 years.
1st to 5th grade we could choose one class- religious education or ethics
If you divide Europe in two parts, east and west then Eesti is east.
....why would it have, there has never been such a thing
99 lol
It is showing your development if you are from that country
Or is it one sided arrangement where "eastern" europeans go and die for your wars, when you are lazy enough to let some of your soldiers to hang around that region?
Raiskums (also others ending with "-ums" such as "Tukums", "Ķegums")
Latvian broadcasters concerned about audience interest in Russian media
Jacob W. Davis, the man who invented jeans, and then partnered with Levi Strauss to mass produce them, [was born in Latvia] Also the creator of the [Minox Riga] often considered the best spy camera during the early cold war due to its extremely small size, [Walter Zapp] was a baltic german born in Latvia
Apparently Nigerian princes now hire translators, probably time to educate  grandmas on it
From what I’ve gleaned so far, I strongly suspect no one really likes ouzo very much, they’ve just been keeping up appearances as a point of national pride, and hoping for someone to finally come out and say it
To get access to that, you have to have no other means to support yourself (e.g.
Switzerland has the most guns per capita in the world.
I’ve been to that Pret a lot
Speaking about Latvia, but pretty sure the situation is identical in Estonia:
Yes, did I say anything to the contrary?
Do pīrāgi count
Latvia and especially Lithuania is going to reach it in few years.
and if you leave the Winter out, you get the normal generic greeting for any holiday or multiple holidays in a row - *Priecīgus Ziemassvētkus!/Priecīgus svētkus!*
And about 10 of big red/orange cockroaches came out of there
My own family left several different countries (Russia, Ukraine, Latvia, Poland) because of a lot of anti-Jewish pogroms.
I know
It is very important to understand these circumstances when speaking about any trade agreements, especially about the Single Market.
I know the Tartu one is pretty good, but that depends on the field of study.
The men decide that they each must throw something out to make the plane lighter.
Sochi loses right to host bobsleigh & skeleton World Championships
Then a year in latvian called "baigā gada" (year of Terror)
The US may have a small village with 100 people, and that can be 100 km from anything whatsoever.
by pressing either ' or ` before a, s or l ect
They shouldn't be blamed, but the scale of it is still creepy.
Hiking in Latvia/Estonia/Finland
I think I remember Brits saying the same thing when they helped Americans  to invade Iraq in 2003, while others Europeans refused
Of course it also means that you can't change the rules to fit your cousin or whatever candidate favored for "unrelated" reasons
However, the election system is dumb, twice.
As it is they just bash soft Boris
Yeah, also the song's pretty sweet
p.s I have no idea how things are done in Sweden,but If I attempted to do something like this everyone around me would stop me and ask If I was in my right fucking mind.
they can, but why should they if they can buy them from Germans and not deal with the problems
Never, because this is a common design issued by all the eurozone for some EU anniversary and many people probably wouldn't like the childish aesthetic of it enogh to pay for looks
We hate Russian flag, tho Russia didnt really do anything bad to our nation
*Latvia I thought we're friends!!!!!*
Palestine is not a country, Ukraine is
The final numbers are lucky since many apartments in that building were thankfully empty
I'm fairly certain that if Polish asylum application procedure was on par with German then they would get about as much refugees as their Western neighbors.
And Europe is quite content with the situation at hand as it stands.
I have never noticed that creepy looking appendix (cigarette smuggling one) before.
Wasn't that Lichtenstein
He drove there , he was like 30 min after I ordered
I fully support the right of the Catalan people to decide for themselves, and so I'm opposed to Spanish policy of not allowing a referendum.
;) Athens, Sparta, and other city-states did.
We started off with this one, but it quickly devolved in to a pain tolerance contest
The UK will prosper
A Latvian who doesn't like sour cream
No, majority of us never goes to a Latvian or Lithuanian beach!
/u/CreepyOctopus is right about the Soviet baggage in teaching English.
The EU is a union of sovereign states, and it really has very little power at the federal level.
You do realise the difference between a combat division and police/SS units that took part in the Holocaust?
It's hard to compete with the potato though
Nope but they've been known to piss on Monument of Freedom, running around drunk and naked, and starting fights in McDonald's in Latvia
Granted, that was some 20 years ago, so some things might have changed (probably less notebooks and homework being done via internet and all that), but I still haven't heard anything about things being colour-coded
While these cases are tragic, they are also largely limited to particular social groups, and it's just not something that a tourist, or the vast majority of locals, would possibly encounter.
They're from all over, but mostly Germany and the Netherlands, then Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia I guess, I'm not sure, I've never counted.
And this says most data maps results, not a measure of democracy
I was going to propose an aliance with Germans, so that we can beat off Russia and then backstab each other, but prepare your -as, [our tank] is comming for those Curonian lands you stole from us!
That's why I don't really give a shit who's in power in Russia - they're all bad
Latgalian
But even if they were, I'd pick English
My understanding is that there aren't really that many well preserved ships from the age to begin with and most likely in 1930s even less was known about what ships were used in general and by Estonian ancestors in particular
We have to learn Latvian and World history till 9th grade and then we repeat everything and go more in depth in high school
My best friend is Finnish and I've yet to hear that one
But /r/europe told me that Baltics will be occupaed soon, I think it's better for Latvians to run away before asiatic hordes of russian tanks arrive!
i just realised the latvian word "miers" (peace) probably comes from that
Seriously, Estonians always get defensive like that whenever they are mentioned as "Baltic".
thats why all our history books are from the perspective that germans were assholes that conquered our tribespeople for really no reason
So if they were distributed equally across the European Union, they'd be less than 0.3%.
Thieves have no excuse these days
It's normally done the other way around, you peg an unstable or small currency to a more stable/bigger one.
Every time there is some sort of agitation or claim about "discrimination against Russians in Latvia", this demon of a woman is at the forefront of it all
Literally always happens
Kyllä! Unfortunately Latvia is still too corrupt and poor for that
As there were plenty of Latvians on the territory of modern Russia.
There are many that I would consider Latvians, for instance the members of the American Latvian Association - they speak Latvian, maintain ties to Latvia and Latvian culture, even if they've spent most of their lives (or were even born) in the United States.
Stay safe
I can barely work from home now
Tones isn't something Latvians think about ever, nor do I remember anything about them from school, so I'm pretty sure it's something semi-made up by linguists to categorize things in our language.
With Latvia I want better relations between Latvians and Russians.
But it feels a little bit weird when outside it's +7.
The Balkans are first of all a peninsula, so the border ought to be between the extreme northern points of the Adriatic Sea and the Black Sea forming a line roughly between Odesa in Ukraine and Trieste in Italy
You weren't born in a tram
That caught me off-guard when I was watching "Taboo".
Brussels Eurocrats for their failures blame national governments.
Not me
I think quite the opposite
I'll do some more research for that area.
I use a comma for decimal separators and a space as a thousand separator but I don't know if that's a widespread practice :D
It's not a simple "we put in more money into the EU than we get out from it" that the Brexiters were peddling, it's more like we're paying to upkeep a system that is very advantageous for our exporters.
Not sure if it happened in Latvia too, but similar story happened in [Lithuania] According to latest statistics
If you talk about it as just a thing that you do, no one will bat an eye.
The key chain had a carabiner (or what's it called) to unclip the coin from the rest of the key chain
Or anywhere in Eastern Europe for that matter, haha
Estonians do share some cultural similarities with Latvians, but it's mostly with Finns as we are a Finnic people.
As far as languages go, it's the easiest
Similar developments are taking place in the very powerful Riga municipality, where the rather corrupt mayor has been ousted (funnily enough, the former mayor has now lost a court case against an oposition politician who had called him the face of corruption)
*Please Go Home* The Rolling Stones
Though I guess some kind of decentralized "civil war" is likely in western Europe in future, considering the undergoing demographic changes there
There's always going to be a bunch of cunts who try to influence people online - some cunts are Russian, some cunts are ultra-liberals (i.e.
We have many more great artists, most simply stay local :)
We apply our alphabet to foreigner's names, so that pronounciation is reasonably close to the original, but, of course, we don't always have the same sounds in our language.
Much better then that fat midget Kachinski whatshisname.
Ahh, yes, that's cute, but then the "workers" leaders decide to take away your real estate and means of production...for the people of course.
I know that the Latviaphobia hurts, but stay strong.
Source: Lived most of my life in the countryside of Zemgale, some in the outskirts of Riga and now in the UK for a few years
I think it's the only possible scenario of war and I hope it will never happen.
Doesn't mean that 25% want to be part of Russia.
Germany has much uglier buildings than that
I'm referring to countries such as Moldova, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovenia, Bosnia, Montenegro, Kosovo, Albania, Macedonia, Georgia, Armenia and even Belarus, which for its size doesn't have a very visible presence.
They can speak it freely, just no one is obligated to respond to you in russian, no state institution works in russian, no official documents are in russian, the only official language is latvian.
In Estonian: Sittu ruttu, karu tuleb
It seems more like they try to portray themselves as true nation's Patriots and defenders against evil foreign things
since they sound bit more better
In Riga only daredevils ride on the road, or sometimes you just don't have another option, so we don't weave traffic and if you do you're seen as an asshole lawbreaker because cyclists are supposed to ride close to the edge of the road (with some exceptions)
I know, but again, they kind of had a special situation going on there that allowed them to be in that possiton
I don't think we have any particular restrictions on what you're allowed to have in your car.
Isn't it strange that Trump criticizes everyone and everything except Putin?
Is it Swedish or Norwegian, though
eat half grown lavender, because no potato.
That's Latin languages for you.
But when the cop speaks Latvian, I could not even understand what he was saying most of the time
I haven't heard that those two would be sepperate elsewhere
If you still steal in the era of Steam sales, Spotify, Netflix and Youtube, then you're a horrible piece of shit
I noticed that they now also have given this trwatment to ASoIaF, which doesn't even make sense for the most part - there is no way you'd think that's a book for children, which needs to be dumbed down
Ukraine,
I might say that we're better (in reality Estonia is better), but that would be more of a joke, I still love yall
Perhaps a similar useless buildup, but they won't cross that line without some sort of domestic pretext like with Georgia and Ukraine which would come through information warfare first.
How do you say the "Strength needed" part in Eesti keel
I notice in UK, Scottish and Welsh flag are often displayed and seen as friendly and patriotic
I would say this is the first Euro since 2000 that England has a plausible shot at.
Latvian masterplan is to make everything Latvia and Switzerland it's swimming pool
Living in Latvia, can confirm flags are everywhere, all the time
Nukes are worthless against a fearless opponent - unless they think you are crazy.
I wouldn’t say so, they were a government composed of the German aristocratic ruling class, ruling over the Latvian and Estonian peasantry
Yeah
UK right now towards EU has the same kind of relationship as Canada, and no its not ''continuing to abide by many EU regulations'', thats just flat out not true
Arcanum anyone
This particular song because you asked of a national instrument - the strings you hear at the beginning is one of our traditional instruments [kokle] (pronounced kuokle)
Even call it "stepping into the unknown".
It's pure, unadulterated, soul consuming evil.
To shave off the 6 metres and make Latvia taller than Estonia.
In fact I would say that there are no such places in Latvia...
I feel like I know only 20% of all of the terms and lingo in my native language (Latvian), also doesn't help that the older guys adopted the Russian terms for stuff
I love'em
[Article in Latvian Public media]
Stranger : Oh so you’re like Russian right
Give me my infinite money to rewrite the history books, ffs already
In Latvia, the public transport system relies on these people that I call the "Ticket gestapo".
we pretend to be happy but we're really not
In my country most people graduate high school at 19, and yes, most seemed to have a good idea of what they wanted to study by the time final exams approached.
For our old currency we made like one per 2 months I feel, almost feel as if the Euro is holding us back in creativity :D
Luxembourg attacks NATO member.
Only problem is that old Russian hag getting to rage about EU and Latvia for EU money.
Basically, he misspoke a lot and at one point called the Song festival (dziesmu svētki) - "Christmas" (Ziemassvētki),  the wind blew away his notes, and at one point just honestly said: "I'm sorry, I'm very nervous
Yes
Me and the brothers are always trying to convince her to throw out or give away at least some of that junk
Calembour, mansarde or pommade are other French words that would be understood by Russians.
We have frequent power outages and people like to be able to cook or boil water in such cases
Latvia is a wonderful country, only seeing Riga is a crime, as most of our untouched beauty is hidden in the cities outside the capital.
Intern who complains about not having a high enough salary, and too many rules
In Latvian it was already called Čehija, Czechia is no different
Not these exact scissors but most of my gardening tools are made by Fiskars
You do your best with what you have, that's how we live.
What kind of nonsense is this
Just Ogre
Investigation is ongoing
Right now we're skating to where the puck is right now, that is, catching up and reacting with inadequate measures while the stats get worse and worse
Even in small towns in Latvia anyone who'd do stuff like in the video would be branded an outcast, possibly taken in by the police.
- our stats were so low, we could get by even without masking rules, apart from a brief period of masks in public transportation
the scent of Soviet block is still clearly visible
Starting a company sounds pretty cool tho
I think for you the real stereotype is about how you're flag-stealers and inventors of a time machine.
This is not normal
whats with all the dickheads in the comments
If you're not a part of a visa-waiver country, then getting even just a tourist/transit visa is very, very expensive and difficult.
It's also really hot and you have 24/7 stores everywhere
I only learned about these in school, it's totally part of SI system, but I can't think of any case where it's commonly used in real life
At least we are higher than Lithuania, which is nice.
Russians moved to Estonia and Latvia illegally during an illegal foreign occupation.
Since there's a lot of Latvians in Norway working - it makes sense.
There is no Estonian ethnicity
Crimean Tatars are not Russians and they don't want to live in Russia.
Your region, whichever one it is, has almost certainly been a country at some point
Later that tribe(?) adopted it as their standard, and it was resurrected in early 20th century as the national flag.
This just gives Chinese influence here even bigger power here and if we all are going to act like those spineless fuckers at Blizzard the Chinese will take over
English, Estonian, French, German, Latvian, Lithuanian, Russian, Ukrainian
If I'm not wrong, family consent is required in some American states, even if the donor consents, in Europe a donor's consent is decisive, if they're capable of consenting.
They're testing us again to see how we'll react
Like usually 5-7
I would say the "easy ones" are Russia and Belarus (the presidents never change), as well as France (because the President there is more important than the PM).
So the median is between 4 and 5?
The campers are surprisingly easy to drive though
Yup - and still thinks that Crimea belongs to Russia
Well, you sure have the weirdest election this year of all US elections that I've followed.
Got through with a mix of Russian and German.
Is the English being cold really a stereotype
He looked badass in that shelling/smoking video, but then I saw the one where he abuses prisoners.
Yeah, I mean, those are two separate, unconnected things.
So, to be accurate: There are many old names to be found in Latvia, which come from other cultures
I do wonder many times per year does she get run over, but is not permitted in Romania to use sidewalks during heavy traffic?
Estonia is doing something a LOT better than neighboring Latvia.
Although I guess I'm cheating by using a prefix "ie"
The country has 2 million people and 5 cities with a population of over 50 thousand.
That doesn't really happen but I do forget a lot of words in Latvian and I have to translate them from English
Fluently
I can't speak for everyone, but for many people I know in Latvia, while your origins are important, your mindset and attitude are more important.
Mattis seems to be like a total opposite of Trump......makes you wonder why Trump chose him in the first place
Cram through all the bus to get to the front for a "thank You" to a bus driver, who doesn't even care
I dunno, I still feel pretty distant from Latvians and Estonians, media doesn't cover you that much, Tv doesn't show any Latvian/Estonian tv shows, radio doesn't play music from your countries(with exception of prata vetra)...
[Cūkmens (pig-man)] a legendary superhero fighting against polluting our forests with garbage.
I was shocked to learn of the tragic history of the Baltic States' occupations - I am so glad that all three beautiful countries are free now.
Thanks to America, we have the same regulations on liquids, and they greatly annoy me.
Yes, also during peace times they sent conscripted people possibly further away from their home, so Baltic soldiers usually found themselves in Central Asian republics, or even the far east, in the best case-the Ukraine.
He's a senile old man out of his depth and a chronic liar.
They should, but merely learning a language in school, even for many years, is rarely enough for anything other than basic skills.
I don't have first-hand experience with Denmark, but hear the situation is also good.
In Latvia, there is still a good chance to stumble to something
They would take turns flicking the coin until one gave up
Oggy and the cockroaches is also french
Nowadays it's TV 3 but it account only for like 9% of all viewers, and it's news, a couple of shows and stuff for kids mainly
Am I a joke to you
I think I'm gonna join this tradition
The people living by the sea in the West have vastly different pronunciation of many words and expressions as those in the centre.
Conservatives right wing, LOL
But … but won't Obama be deported to Kenya anyway once Trump is sworn in?
Igor and Oleg are Russian names of Norse origin
Didn't know there was an official translation, thanks
While in Latvia gypsies and Roma are synonymous.
Or just most [līvi] songs
I am imagining a great empire, stretching from Brussels to Vladivostok; Baku to Murmansk, of Slavic peoples
It originated in Russia, supposedly because of a book written by some Russian woman that **supposedly** married a Norwegian and then had to run with her child when she realized how "sick" the Norwegian society is
Also knew a woman who lived through Leningrad blockade, for her the only "sweet" thing she knew for many years were onions
Question to Putin fans - can a leader be great if his country is not?
We have so few social interactions that nothing is awkward and cringeworthy.
:D Just Latvia or Lithuania or Estonia would be fine.
Well, he seems to not like NATO.
The "former" leaflets are definitely per country.
che che che - is that Little Cuba?
I dont hate Russia btw
Driver just wanted to get to metro faster
If it has no planning permissions wouldn't it be subject to demolishion?
Not me
>I'll help you
I wasn't arguing that it's a lot of money or not fair
Edit: i have no idea what is this golden dawn, im talking about extremists in general and how everyone always gets called a nazi
A (crappy) [picture] I took today of your lads
I mean - is it like a form you fill in or is it a "note" from the ambassador or whatever from the UK to the EU saying something.
Intercity buses generally have contactless payment terminals, so you can just pay with your card or phone with NFC when you are getting in the bus
Draghi's position at the ECB is the equivalent of Yellen's position at the Federal Reserve, yes.
If individual party members are considered, then the only major party that isn't pro-Kremlin is Vienotība (Unity).
I was just thinking about why Estonia is given to Germany when every other contry near it should be taken by Russia and it occured to me that the book is from late 1990s when at one point they were closer to joining EU than Latvia, if that was the case with Lithuania and Poland then I suspect it's meant that there will be two groups of satelite states - Germany will dominate EU and Russia will have it's (now very half baked, but established) Eurasian Union
Bulgarians can visit French Guiana, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Mayotte, and Réunion though
Cepelinai was a food invented by a heretic Latvian who spoke with a weird lisp.
Context is needed
There are lots, but my favourite is:"Sit dirsu pret zemi
I didn't really have a larger Belgian city next to me where I lived :)
-Finnish
yea try again mate , not even close
Pretty sure that's about Union other than European
If we've failed to integrate them, failed to show ho we're a nicer place for them to live than Russia..
[Large fleets also give of enough light to be seen from space] In this particular case they're required to spread out so that it looks like these are lights from "land"
You guys are more Slavic than us...
Difficult to go pro-East when the East is waging a war
What about Philippos Andreou of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderberg-Glücksburg Prince of Greece and Denmark
Riga and Liepaja have a big rivalry in soccer and basketball, when they are playing things get heated and sometimes (not since COVID) there are fans from both sides who get violent with each other, it is crazy
I heard here in Latvia that you believe barnevernet in Norway is stealing your kids or something?
In some older buildings having a water boiler, an electric kettle and an oven on at hte same time could lead to a local black-out, and having electric heating is like adding an equivalent of 4-8 extra always-on kettles
In next 2 weeks the project will be finished
But the catch is that it's in the middle of nowhere.
We'll just have to agree to disagree on how Russia's belligerence should be confronted.
My point with regards to Bulgarian though was a Bulgarian speaker counting it as two languages, Bulgarian and Macedonian, which seems silly.
By the way, I don't really think myself that Ukraine is anti-russian(langauge).
Me, being 15, and you 17 it was very difficult time, since we werent easily susceptible children anymore
Don't piss on monuments
You need projects to get the funding, and if you're more efficient in coming up with projects to actually spend the money you've been offered, you're better off.
In the case of Latvia it is the russian minority saying Russia.
Trust me, as a Latvian living in Scotland I've had the same issue - "Oh you're from Latvia
Also feels realy weird when you order Bolt and you get a driver who won't speak any of those three languages
I actually want to start going to hygenist twice a year
If the war zone moves dangerously close to Polish or Baltic borders, these countries must be ready.
Namibia
Reddit's formatting is weird
Watch British TV for a week and you'll quickly see that I'm not bullshitting you.
I've heard that in Belgium some parents ask rent from their kids once they turn 18
Not that the other times were good as such in the Soviet Union, but they were certainly not AS bad, or bad in a different sense (civil war, for example)
Even a country of a similar size like you, Slovenia, is separated into two regions.
So, a random guy come up to me and strocked my head bc he had never seen a white kid with blond hair in his life
I wouldn’t say that: there’s the stereotype of people from there being a bit backwards but everyone gets on fine
And, bizarrely, Buenos Aires - last month I got an internal flight in Argentina that was operated by Norwegian
The conflict between the Republic of Latvia (Latvia) and the Latvian Socialist Soviet Republic is known as the [Latvian War of Independence] and culminated in the defeat of the joint Red Latvian Riflemen/Soviet forces at the Battle of Daugavpils
And people are still planning NY parties even with the curfew in effect
*My bad, didn't notice it was paywalled.
In contemporary Europe we got it other way around.
For males:
Lose weight
Our Baltic neighbours call us ice-cream bc we love it so much and Lithuanians believe that we have 6 toes
Honestly, if I could be born somewhere else, I'd choose to be born in Finland.
I've been on this Earth for far less time than you, but I'm sure that you will make the right choice
It's your bank's issue, it's stuck in 20th century
Riga
Apparently Nigerian princes now hire translators, probably time to educate  grandmas on it
Haven't seen, but Google search suggests it exists.
When they would ban some Latvian foodstuff or something, the excuse is some pretty arbitrary clause of Russian hygiene law.
Those of us with roots know slightly more but tends to involve stories of oppression and being poor peasant farmers.
Most of you speak the same language
- Sniedze (The Snowy-One)
Hopefully he can join the two Latvians and Bulgarians, the four Portuguese and the nine Poles.
And he didn't supposedly told just this time, but several times about these topics the same rhetoric
No, it was brighter shade of red than EU passport.
I would argue that [Bankomat AB] appears to be founded in 2010, whilst we have definitely had the word for a long time before that
And forgot all the hardcore names such as:
Don't get caught in it as everyone was caught in thinking that Brexit will never happen and Trump will never win.
As I understand [this crap] is currently popular with kids, there's a local studio that has [YouTube channel with some of their works] (note that some are coproduced with other countries) and [here's a playlist] of a popular stop-motion series and some other stuff made by the same team
6 - seši
If we're talking economic and societal perceptions - yes they are.
The rural countryside had a lot of similarities, and the cities felt a lot like large English towns or small cities
But instead of Turks we have the real threat of Russia at full display here : the scary scary Latvia, with its 2 million population
Kazakhstan has a higher GDP (PPP) per capita than EU members Hungary, Latvia, Croatia, Romania and Bulgaria.
the politics and minimum wage are fucked up
This wasn't in the question, but Earth in Latvian is "Zeme" which is female, and we have goddesses like "Zemes māte"(Earth's mother), "Vēju māte"(Winds' mother), "Jūras māte"(Sea's mother), "Meža māte"(Forest's mother) and "Veļu māte"(Souls' mother)
Just like Spanish and French, English and French, Germans and French, French and other French
That made me laugh, thanks :D
The federalisation itself is not in question right now, this is a discussion that came up from some people's arguments against it
This wasn't fine with entitled Russian girl who still didn't seem to realise she's in South America, not Russia
They are at a risk of losing their largest export market, the US though.
In fact, I'm entirely boycotting them (alongside a bunch of other companies for their pro-Beijing bullshit)
” Or “is that in Russia
) Owned by Lithuanians that opened up in Riga last summer, but instead of hiring local staff they brought up staff from Vilnius and ended up getting a load of fines because customers complained to police that staff could only speak Russian or English, not Latvian
EU Flag
Didn't think much of it
We call it the star day and it's the last day to get your Christmas tree out of the house
Also it's very poetic and peculiar, but it takes years to understand this as a non native speaker because it ties in with our culture and history a lot
It's so much easier to spell /s
I'm used to the idea of bad areas as they are in Riga, and they're very different from the Swedish ones like those in Gothenburg or Stockholm.
From January 1, 2007, the Latvian army is fully contract-based
UK should create its own "EU" under its rules starting with Norway.
Motives and justification same as Serbian crime, just the numbers are different
And thanks for pointing out that there is an issue with political representation in general
Now the cunts have risen the price of perfection.
Every country calculates total homicides differently
One ride cost is 1
He’s ok although you still don’t know much about him
Also, as already mentioned, nobody smiles.
Far-righters, Russian trolls (i.e.
I can agree with this
If they googled me, then I would expect them to not tell that to me
I don't eat potatoes
I don't think I've ever seen anyone I know not keeping them in the fridge
How close to Akropole
Probably due to different reporting (did not provide as much detail, so less white/dark-green checkers, more uniform light green blobs).
It’s more that Latgale and especially Daugavpils has a very high (up to and over 50% in some areas) Russian population where a lot of them don’t even speak Latvian
WE and the US definitely do not link ethnicity to citizenship.
An introductory circuits class stands out in memory, we were using some exercises and instructions from some tattered publication back from the 70s, so the university's print office would copy the entire thing for everyone at a low price.
What
Plus when I went to school in UK I noticed that the resources for teaching languages are extremely limited because of the tendency to rely on people speaking English
The beatings, shouting
Maybe Poland would take it
She somehow doesent get the concept, that it is really easy to get hold of those things nowdays and there is literally no reason to cluter your apartment for "mabey someday".
The books i can't even begin to decipher
Champagne was drunk on this day 17 years ago
If you've been introduced, it's very weird to address one another with Mr
Spain's is constantly struggling, German economy is doing great, and the Greek economy is a corpse that sometimes twitches.
Sometimes I pronounce some Latvian words in the way I would read them in English
Latvia's border doesn't end anywhere
"As many as are of that opinion say Aye"
Caesar salad and NY cheesecake.
1st to 5th grade we could choose one class- religious education or ethics
One of the reasons German as a peacemaker with Russia does not sit good.
They're fully aware of the brutality of the Kremlin and yet they proceed
Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania aren't V4.
Most people who come here would remember the Freedom Monument first though
There was a myth, originating in Russia and then amplified by local "gurus" and popular people in the entertainment industry, that 5G is super dangerous to you and that it's going to microwave your brain, since "it's one the same frequency as a microwave".
No, there would be like 1000€ fine, I really don't know all fines, but about 1000 euros I have heard so
Like it's not easy to make hot tap water with low temperature district heating, which raises risk of water-born patogens
My girlfriend lives there
Ofc those 900m2 houses are, for the most part, without any furniture, technologies, other furnishings, there's often no running water or electricity, the walls or floors may be caving in in some rooms etc
Don't worry, you're not alone in this.
The EU is far from being a problem.
It's not what these other guys are saying, it doesn't have anything to do with there being more Russians or us being poorer (we are not that far from Estonia and decently close to Estonia) it's that prostitution is legal in Latvia
The UK is a member of the EASA.
I hate public transport
Donald trump has taken criticism for appearing to say things that concern NATO.
Trust me, as a Latvian living in Scotland I've had the same issue - "Oh you're from Latvia
No wonder it is so popular here
So here's a village that's inhabited by people who look like us and speak the same language
short story : Soviets treated their disabled people like total fucking garbage, even their WW2 veterans
This is why I am against immigration from outside Europe because I don't trust government to properly assimilate these immigrants
Fake chicken
Funny how people use to consider Germany discount Austria
They created new ones I think when the union fell
If it wasn’t for them, the Baltic would’ve been completely under crusader control, and the Baltic might’ve been completely germanified by today
Even if Germany would reduce their tax to the same as USA, you still couldn't import any vehicle made in USA
In such a scenario like with Eastern Ukraine while it might be ethnic Russians creating problems they'd still be Baltic citizens, I'd like to see how far the West would go in shelling those nationals with tanks and airstrikes.
It's just a different approach, I was pointing *that* out
Prove that significant part of population that their rights mean nothing and democracy doesn't work for them and, after the coup succeded wait a bit for that people to seizure their local government too.
Havent been elsewhere in this time, but Latvia's countryside is extremely beautiful this week, since the snow is finally here for a longer time than a week.
compared to more straightforwardly right groups
But if you let them choose any EU country, they would choose the richest ones, preferably with existing communities of people from the same country/region as these new refugees are coming from.
1) Shitty quality of the picture.
Edit: autocorrect
Paldies (LV), Paļdis (Latgalian), Ačiu (Lithuanian), Спасибо (Russian), Kiitos (Finnish), Tak (Danish/Swedish/Norwegian), Dankeschön (German), Denk u val (Dutch), Merci (French/Romanian), Gracias (Spanish), Obrigado (Portuguese), Grazie (Italian), Hvala (Croatian/Slovenian/Bosnian/Serbian/Montenegro), Я благодарю (Bulgarian), Köszönom (Hungarian), Džekuje (Polish/Slovakian/Czech)
so, we have the same word for simple.
For example, there is a sign near my house with the word "banknote" on it
Latvia and Lithuania don't claim to be Nordic countries.
Most Russians here immigrated after WWII, they're not historical/native inhabitants, prior to WWII there were much fewer of them mostly living near border, Soviets added all majority areas to Russia and it has refused to give them back
Having dated several Russian women..
Terrible disgrace for Dutch soldiers
Happy birthday from Latvia, brothers
So did America, yet Americans are not considered murderous rapists.
And that in general they fought like some horde and not European army.
The Roma do, unlike what you think, have their own language - the Romani language.
Since childhood everyone memorizes keyboard and can type both Latin or Cyrillic letters without looking on keyboard
When I was in Germany - I visited a cinema in Berlin
What mechanisms does EU have for such coordination?
- Maigonis (The Delicate-One)
We don't dislike Riga, I believe
I don't wanna start a heated argument either, and I don't argue that we were an (unwilling) part of the Soviet Union, I'd just like to see that "former Soviet Republic" prefix shit dropped, because it is, from my/our perspective, 1) misleading and 2) annoying.
Gary Johnson is much closer to European liberal.
I'm fairly sure Latvia saw the Germans as liberators from the Russians.
Piss on the freedom monument
Mercendarbe
We just don't have enough Mexicans.
As far as I know, Latvian Red riflemen were involved too, and there was the Stučka government.
I mean - the rabbit was a transsexual.
Tell me how much culture Canada gets from Europe?
But long will sun-light day last on 17th of January
You've got the Union Jack flag and everything!
Estonians and Lithuanians who lived here also went through the same process as Russians, yet they didnt yell **oppression!!**.
It’s more that Latgale and especially Daugavpils has a very high (up to and over 50% in some areas) Russian population where a lot of them don’t even speak Latvian
Valka is literally on the border, the city is split between Latvia and Estonia
Situation is incomparable with century ago.
Yes, but the only thing they have to do with "left" is their love for Soviet Union, it would be more accurate to call them far right since that's were Russia is on your avarage map
Chapter 1
Dievlūdzējs - "diev(s)" meaning "God" and "lūdzējs" meaning "(someone who) prays".
Plus, people I liked to be associated with at that time (more alternative, counter culture) usually were smokers.
Flag-landscapes of all Baltic nations (while we're at it)
I happen to be quite interested in them, but most people don't follow the party primaries, and don't even know anything about other, less important issues in US politics.
Our alliance means that our threats our mutual.
Also, the punishment for that is a monetary fine, instead of roadside alterations to one's vehicle
I refridgerate both
> Russians are slim fit and healthy people
I don't know if there is a reason behind that, that's just something people say.
It was popular no matter your or anybody else's opinion :D
He is not calling it stupid because he disagrees with your view.
You're right, we should just ban all vices that I don't like, that worked out so well every time it's happened before
I have one sandwich i feel guilty for liking because it's really unhealthy
So much shit to fix it is pretty ridiculous to so often go in this festive state
Such an embarassment
People are already saying that 2020 isn't giving up till the last second
That's why they used to buy [that sweet Thales thermal imaging gear] for their T-72B3's
Same, and I believe it's the same in every language that distinguishes second person singular and plural
I only hope the bill for lesson will not be sent to Latvia.
Printed letters are common for forms, yes, but I cannot think of anyone who has print letters as their normal writing.
The lighting is really bad but it just looks like any random pre-war building
Would you care to elaborate
You must have very skewed idea about what culture is, if you think it excludes what societies have in common.
You start by considering what kind of job you could get, based on your qualifications.
same thing here
Vocabulary is almost entirely new compared to English and Spanish, and you have to learn lots of new grammar, and it's just very different in every way (I speak Russian).
In the exports section don’t forget about Adol
I should explore Latvian cuisine, I *love* potatoes.
1111 - tūkstoš simtu vienpadsmit
This internet stranger believes in you wishes you all the best
I've already heard some people comment on here about how they don't have to worry about losing their job because of the social safety net.
To an extent the EU must have direct control over the military or it risks being completely useless.
1111 - tūkstoš simtu vienpadsmit
Latvia is on course for a demographic disaster, just like other Eastern European countries (or Western European for that matter, like Italy or Germany).
You should ask your astrologist regarding this matter.
Would you say the emergency response was fast and sufficient
Sanders is the only politician who ran in this election that I actually liked.
It's a herbal liquor that's quite bitter, but sugary at the same time
Human Development Index
Even Latvia and Georgia appear to be *much* less corrupt than Ukraine is, though:
Which one
To me, contributing to household expenses means buying some groceries and household items, covering other costs when it makes sense (when you're near a shop anyway, when you have more time, when you have ready cash and parents don't etc
The only 2 countries they know the locations of are UK and Spain
One can "easily" reach it, but other thing is to actually have functional and effective military for that money.
I doubt both are within 15 minutes of each other; in my experience the roads in Lithuania are ok but are pretty poor in Latvia and mediocre in Estonia.
'Keep calm and stay in Latvia' would make more sense considering the high emigration.
in Soviet Russia
It's a modern country, very friendly and they have an amazinginly lax attitude towards marijuana.
At least Trump wasn't directly financed by Putin.
Politburo rule is harsh, that's why even Latvian letters are crying.
Great when it means they do something good, and worrying if it comes to stuff like climate change.
Also their English skills really vary, but the age group 12-35 generally speak well enough English to get by.
And you're overthinking a joke
I'm surprised Latvians don't join us :(
The problem is that it can't be dealt with
You know that Latvians and Russians often have a natural hatred between them, not me personally but most of my family hates Russians for example
And most of the stuff she hoards is old Soviet junk nobody will ever use again - old, but never used sheets (that once used to be white, but now are yellowish), old plates, glasses and God knows what else are in those cupboards, that has not seen the daylight in more than a decade
- STW Thesaurus for Economics
Via Baltic is like the best and most maintained route in Latvia lmao.
Your country fucked us in two wars
The furthest I have traveled at all was in 2014, spending 3 days in Helsinki.
Latvia and Lithuania without a doubt
Going inside (as a guest) with your shoes on without a permission.
I mean many Latvians (but not all by any means) can speak Russian, sure, but the Latvian language is a completely different language (non-Slavic Indo European) that doesn’t even use the same alphabet as Russian
Such a great country, loved your montains, it's so cheap, it was 50 Euros for a 5 star hotel for 1 night, absolutely astounding, although you did have lots of power lines, like SO MANY
I think that most cultures in area around Baltic Sea, except maybe those with different religous background are simmilar, not sure if Germans are more simmilar to us than anyone else.
So it's probably you who don't quite understand the word...
Sounds like a problem with your bank or the particular branch - I know plenty of Americans who can get a proper chip-and-PIN card just by asking.
This seems accurate to me
We have something in the middle - same logo, but with a ribbon in a unique color for each ministry.
There's nothing bad about it
For Germany, of course
5th and 6th aren't as bad
R.I.P Norwegian bros
Meanwhile Catholics in many cases don't seem to have paid much attention to content at all prior to reformation and reformation itself was activelly surpressed, so it likely was much more about doing what is traditional and accepted by general society, rather than trying to figure it out on your own.
(Actually though it was a joke, Latvia and Belaurs; and the people of these 2 nations are very chill with each other)
Just like Germans
My favorite was the Kebab burger with chilly sauce
Riga has zero decent concert halls to be labelled national concert hall
We have to make sure that doesn't end up as corrupt as the American MIC.
Without those this chart is little skewed to push some agenda
During the 2018 Song and Dance Festival closing event, our previous president Raimonds Vējonis had a bit of a mishap with his speech
I think its them who should pay , not the other way around
Only one that comes to my mind is Brainstorm
Finally, not a culture shock per se, because this wouldn't be common in the EU either, just a very sweet moment in general - when I first arrived in Orlando, the Uber driver picking me up was this kinda old-ish Latino man who spent the whole 30 min drive to my Airbnb just completely jamming out to Mozart
We dont go to Russia for alcohol, not to mention we need a visa for that.
(same scenario as brexit, Trump and so on.
ngl the potato jokes are getting a "bit" old at this point
Soviets came and forced their rule anyway
Austroungārijas impērija
It was one of the best landmarks in Malta.
> but I still feel that they weren't heroes
Riga is half Russian, half Latvian......without Russian language, it's hard to do any kind of job there , especially for lower class jobs.
assuming you include American Samoa in the US stats, but why wouldn't you?!
For me, it was at 4th grade when we first went to Aiport of Riga (RIX) and after that, we went to  Līvu aquapark in Jurmala forest of the day (4 or 5 hours I reckon)
The difference is very important the further north you go
I still have a dislike for the more flamboyant ones
If you think that if Ukraine will just secede DNR/LNR that Russia will stop then you are delusional.
Dropping UK from the project is not going to move it any faster...
Scandinavia isn't that surprising, at least not for me living there - there's less general anti-EU sentiment than in the UK, as in less desire to leave altogether, but the Scandinavian countries are really big on Scandinavian and Nordic cooperation.
I googled cost of various American universities and it seems to be much different depending on which you attend.
It was/is the lightest country in the entire Soviet Union and Eastern Block (because of the big Russian minorities from southern SU in Latvia and Estonia) yet portrayed with black eyes and black hair...
not Communists then
Sky shops are pretty up and front about things being "Made for the West".
The things you've named don't really represent American cuisine.
Not a part of Europe
such is life in most of Russia
Jeesh, I use at least 15gb a month on my phone.
Even in apartment buildings people mostly don't greet each other, except for maybe in villages where everybody knows everybody
He has enough money to buy himself a few months of worldwide attention though.
I for one welcome it, because alternative usually is posh places for rich people.
They make burgers in reserve and who knows how long they lay there
For me, native Riganian(?), I can't help but smile when people speak heavy Western or Eastern accents, they sound funny to me.
> You don't need any apps when you have Lembergs and Saskaņā to tell you how great things are
Yes, this, absolutely this
The sheet was used as a flag in the next battle which they won
We could make glorious Baltic Reich, very rich, stronk and blond.
I'm not saying Russia is justified in doing this
News, not history
Maybe he didn't want to get shot in a non-lethal spot and then be tortures while in such pain?
All three Latvian politicians they talked with were from the Russian party Harmony Center, that holds only 24% of the seats so views of Russians were overrepresented.
We put a fucking Russian oligarch nepotism-lover in the throne of Riga and jack off how ''good he is'' for his ''great'' deeds like fighting the fucking Latvian language centre.
And IMHO it's quite embarrassing to commemorate SS members in capital.
Scandi + Nordic
Probably somewhere further south.
We can't know from thousands of kilometers away what it's like on your end.
Ooh, that's on the cards for this year then!
Even Navalny doesn't want to return Crimea
Don't tell them, they will want our potato!
Check out the Bristol stool chart
My accent is as far from a Latvian one as it could be
Here I've seen only kitchen scissors (my family has them) and special ones for gardening
San Salvador>Costa Rica>Switzerland>Paris is 490$, then we can take a train to Eindhoven after a night or 2 and take a 29$ flight to Riga.
Different sorts of rye and wheat breads, as well some weirder stuff like oat bread
We will be building a wall around Lithuanian Latvian commonwealth (no wall with your border, you cool)
At least, that's how it started
I think a few shops did something like that last year, but it's not a big tradition
Fun fact, TASS translates to Telegraph Agency of the Soviet Union (Телеграфное Агентство Советского Союза)
They are already occupied by foreign forces, they are unable to quit international unions like EU or Eurozone, and basically they are bankrupts
Never hear of anything other than at
You English are cheeky cunts
Nice gesture, creepy exhibition
ok but why tf does lithuania have higher passport power rank than any of the baltics
You seriously going to compare the 2
So that's where we got "Špikeris"!
Great job
Pick and choose
The worst part is that most people think that cynicism equals intelligence - "look at me I'm so smart I know that life is shit, ~~wubalubadubdub~~"
We have [Urlas]
Estonia (independence recognized in 1920), Latvia (independence recognized in 1921) and Lithuania (last independence declared in 1918, but Lithuania has a longer story) were all declared independent before the birth of my grandparents.
I was just about to ask OP why he killed the cat
Deutschland and kidnapped us again
However Estonia and Latvia remained under Baltic German rule basically until the 20th century.
I mean
I think it's your subjective opinions talk again...
good chance that might be the case
So sorry, if I'm taking the act discussed above a little personally
Yes, salary will be lower, but life is also cheaper, so it evens out.
Thank god the mandatory service for Latvians was cancelled.
Interestingly, I clicked on your link and immediately knew which part of Riga that was even though I've never actually been in that particular spot, but the types of buildings give it away.
* 11 November — Lāčplēsis Day
Although to be fair the same is true for northern Germany and the Netherlands and many areas of Europe
The last big hubbub was about the introduction 5G mobile networks
Grand Duchy of Lithuania (1561-1569) and later Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth (1569-1795) had a vassal state in modern day Latvia called Duchy of Courland and Semigallia.
As I mentioned it, the far more likely scenario is the switch to low temp systems, and there are some pilot projects being built rightn ow all across the world with some positive and some mixed results
The next year was good, but then Russians came back
There's also other kinds of civil engineering and industrial systems whose MO heavily relies on the existence of hot water district heating
It's more of an old people thing to say, but I use it quite often in sentences like "riktīgi forši" ("really cool")
The basic gist of the the joke is that Latvia is so poor, cold and unremarkable that potatoes are it's most prized possession and national icon.
Generally South America is up for a good time and wowzers Mexico there is only one reason to invent tequila
Making things space worthy is extremely valuable
How do you keep the rich people from buying up the property there?
If they take only Riga into ratings, they'd improve in almost every indicator significantly, but the overall picture about the country would be flawed.
*Goddit Vasily, I said dont scare me again.....get of the road you bastard*
I don't remember which year this was but I'm still mad and fail to see the reasoning behind this decision
So saying ''just be like Finland'' is naive, most simply even have such a choice
Yeah, geothermal is a godsend as far as becoming non-reliant on fossil fuels goes
When I was in school, even the idea of a foreign language teacher who is a native speaker seemed outlandish.
If you import electricity, you can import it from renewable sources at a different tariff, giving buying priority to green energy
[Article in Latvian Public media]
If you marry elsewhere, it will be legally recognized, however, gay couples cannot marry in any form
We're talking about Latvia, not about Russia :\^)
it wasnt any better under Lenin either, its just that it was such a clusterfuck at first you couldnt understand what it was or wasnt
Latvia and Lithuania don't claim to be Nordic countries.
Free movement of people and sea traffic to Azov sea , economic agreements etc
As ronchaine said, language might something to do with that.
Insert slow Estonian joke somewhere.
Ethnic Russians are emigrating out of Latvia at a slightly higher rate than ethnic Latvians, and ethnic Latvians have slightly higher birth rates than ethnic Latvians.
Edit: When I talk about 'we', I mean society at large, not just those speaking Latvian
Over time parties changed names and whatnot, but the agenda is always the same
Refugee sorting and testing in post war Germany regurarly comes up in historical settings.
Even part of Latvia could into Nordic back then.
I think it's not only like that with Latvia
There is no split at all now, it's all just maths.
I speak little Russian and now this makes so much sense
Sure , those guys were the truthful ones
You read like a speech in a bad Red Dawn movie.
And those are expensive
There was a fire in a landfill in Latvia [last year] (link in latvian, at least there's a video), as it later turned out, it had some ''irregularities'' in regards to what and how much was stored there, everyone was quite panicked
I mean, sure, but how does that look without UK?
At least, that's how it started
Actually, it doesn't make sense to include only developed cities in China.
Yes, because no way to hide in a country of 80 million people.
And NATO action did actually end the war and put a end to all this
Source: ВНИИ МВД СССР, Антропологические типы населения СССР 1970 год . (
I don't know how to explain it in english  but my city's mayor did some stuff he wasn't supposed to do so like half the politicians are against him
Meanwhile there are perfect conditions to leave and go back to Russia or Belarus where exactly every single thing is worse or way worse, where they wouldn't need to integrate, where everything would be perfect and Putin is the government...
Waifu approval is high desu
He is already a living meme after '08.
The latter could be seen as going into panic mode (but still understandable, seeing how it was obviously an emotional moment), but the former was just an honest reply at the time when the fire was the biggest and they didn't know if they could even contaminate it
Speaking to my colleagues at work, who are from places like Lithuania, Poland, Bulgaria, Latvia; they are also surprised and say it is because our GPs (your local everyday doctors) are knowledgeable in "lots of everything" whereas in Central Europe they have a doctor for specific stuff (he's the head doctor, she's for chest and lungs, etc) at their GP.
It's about an amateur basketball team winning the first European championship in basketball, despite odds being against them.
There were aspects that were maybe even good - much lower inequality, free education and healthcare, jobs for everyone - at the much too high cost of everything else
Composite ladder market so hot right now.
Latvia might be small, yet it still has poor provinces.
You brought all the boring ones
We used to have ministry of E-affairs, which ultimatelly was merged into, along with other things
Viņš ir riktīgs latvietis - He's a proper/true Latvian
It's hard to compete with the potato though
We call it the star day and it's the last day to get your Christmas tree out of the house
Interesting
I’ve got one !
Putin might try to stir up another orchestrated revolt amongst the Russian minority in Estonia(or Latvia) if he's confident Estonia's allies won't come to its defense.
For $8.8 / 6 you can get some nice local unfiltered beer...
Same in Latvian “nu jā” or “nu labi” both Pretty much mean “well yeah “
Its finally happening
colonialism is not crime against humany, otherwise we would be all still living in Africa.
The Tsar wasn't the only russification enthusiast
So much land, resources and military just sitting there, up for grabs
The Pope's Swiss guards are pretty well known in general
It's required to learn two foreign languages in our schools, English from 3rd grade and then russian from rhe 6th grade if I remember correctly.
That's because you're talking about Latvia - state that openly violates Western standards on treatment of minorities when it comes to their Russian minority.
As if any sane person in the world denies that it is bad to have good Relationships with Russia.
And our skilled workers are going to the UK and improving your economy ;)
As far as I can tell, these words have no other meaning for us
I would argue that [Bankomat AB] appears to be founded in 2010, whilst we have definitely had the word for a long time before that
The look on her face when she finally shut up, for the first time since boarding the bus, and realised that we had understood everything she was saying, was priceless
Some of these don't even make sense
Nobody really knows because nobody knows how the UK would leave, if it leaves.
fuck internet speed man a lot of Latvians are looking up to Estonia as example where we could be if not for....
Nah man, cooking is so rare that it inly happens 1/2 a year
Please stop it, get some help
There are like 10000 places in Europe more deserving to be separately marked.
Latvian here - I love Americans and I love the soldiers who are here.
Also the proximity - Estonians can practically commute between their and Finnish capitals by a ferry, 80 km is not that much, returning at least for the weekends.
Also, in Polandball non-English countries can't speak English very well.
The 5 batallions and 6 shitty choppers?
Helsinki
If you've never been there, doesn't matter where you go
If you overstay at all, you won't be allowed to leave immediately and will end up having an unpleasant experience.
Stop cooling your nuclear reactors with creek water.
For some reason, however, Estonians travel to Latvia to buy your shitty liquor...
So it's a running joke everywhere.
And about 10 of big red/orange cockroaches came out of there
Once I'm out of my sick bed, I'll uninstall overwatch and their launcher too
So the reality is basically the opposite.
Print letters seem more appropriate for that case
How do you call Latvia in Finnish
Yes, around 360 000 if you do some calculations with available data, so 70%, but that excludes belarusians and ukrainians.
Hitler wasn't Russian, silly person
It’s kinda very patriotic and symbolises independence from Soviet Union
I'm also sure that a pan-European identity applies to just a minority of Europeans, though in my experience the British are even less likely to identify with Europe, even sometimes calling the mainland "Europe".
" Or "Your capital is Vilnus right
If you wanna talk to someone just DM me
Am Latvian
But why do you think that taking up another profession / moving is "unhuman".
This is a totalitarian system that was desperate for any fighting men it could get at all costs by 1942 already
To be fair, this is a little bit silly as a measure, take France, their considerable Nuclear energy production is not included in the measure so even if France were 100% renewables and nuclear (and they aren't that far off) they'd end up behind say Lativa, even though the bulk of generation in Latvia is via natural gas.
Yes, for government employees it's a day off
Dont even start mixing few sadistic latvian bastards that indeed were running genocide against jews with those brave and unselfish men who fought those who were currently occupying Latvia.
''freedom of press''.....you won't find it in the East
Kyrgyzstan
By confusing, I meant that it reads like "what would an American call you?".
Its seems that EU generally is very keen on labeling shit properly, but in this case they somehow are not interested.
(edit: same in Latvian & Estonian kinda)
Actually that's pretty good still.
How does the decapitation fit into this - did the professor criticize islam or was he/she muslim
My bad yes you are correct
if that Bitch wins, we seriously might have a problem with Europe's security
I not only feel more comfortable, but SAFER in an automatic, since I dont have to be distracted by the gears.
100 - simts
But Bernie and Clinton were on the same side of the divide.
Someone does something, and they're behind bars for a decade and branded as felons, or they just get shot.
Do you realise that this map only shows the trade partner with a higher percentage of trade, right?
I was so pissed at them and swore to not buy anything there again
Transfer money to Revolut, it costs like 40c, and then use a Revolut card for an ATM
It forms snow dunes, and those dunes cannot be cleared off permanently, because they form again in about an hour.
Can any Latvian give the basics?
Žmoğis te stāstīs par zirgu galvām... :D
Yeah
I've taken part in multiple Erasmus+ programmes and am fascinated by our individual and shared cultures, there is a lot to learn
at -40°C the height of 2m will be enough for the water to freeze.
Did you post this from your handy
At first latvia fought for the Russian empire against the Germans, since the eastern front was pretty much right next to Latvia, so it was a defending the homeland type of thing, but then the Soviets started their revolution, and then Latvia fought for its independence
It's not a "Russian mindset" it's simply how the world works.
Switch to electric heating will require systems that seasonally should be able to give out upwards to x10 (probably more) the nominal power consumption, specially in extra cold weather
Oh, they're there
The nature thing is also that you're more likely to go outside the big cities, maybe go camping, that could bring the total cost down
Is it worse
Are Russian speakers of Latvia separatist now?
Without their help Latvian independence war could've ended disastrous for Latvians
**Belgium:**
Latvia is next to Germany, just above it.
You have no idea what pathetic infrastructure is.
*The verdict in case of macaroni congregation will be made available* Long version: *The verdict in case of macaroni worshiper congregation's suit about being refused registration will be made available this year*
There will be no general consensus concerning European defense.
Haha that's dope
If you think they're assholes you're weak, they're simply efficient
Which is, from the government's point of view, probably a good source of income - the tourist taxes are so low that they are unlikely to discourage most travellers.
This looks rather like the officer's interpretation of letting him off easy
and without clear vision for future
Local ethnic Russians are not stupid enough to support war in Latvia.
Be happy lil baltic
Considering moving is not the same as actually moving.
It is related to the reasons why Lithuania chose a different legal form than Estonia and Latvia.
I have nothing against russians as an ethnic group (russophobia), I just find it a little offensive when russians, born and raised in Latvia, don't speak a word in latvian, act like they own the place and get angry at me for not understanding russian
Vilhelmīne, Šarlote for females
Germany was the aggressor so the Bolsheviks had an easy time promising starving soldiers ownership of land and riches
Definitely true for Estonia and Latvia.
Outer parts of Riga, just filled with commie block bulidings
Kurzeme (Kurland) also has their own dialect, which is pretty cool
Bosnia and Herzegovina,
We on the other hand need EU very much
It’s like a national summer pastime
> Human rights watch is biased
- Varis (The-One-Who-Can-Do-(It))
And some newer names that have been created in the same style.
I'm well aware of that, but there is a distinctive attitude difference between people of big countries and small countries - with smaller ones tending to be less ''might means right'' and are about general cooperation.
It’s worth it
Latvian as a distinct language emerged during several centuries by language spoken by ancient Latgalian tribe assimilating the languages of other neighboring Baltic tribes - Curonian, Semigallian and Selonian, which resulted in these languages gradually losing their most distinct characteristics.
We also have a separate law on the flag, where the colour is defined as "carmine red".
You don't understand me dude, I am pro maximum social freedom.
Most of the population lives a comfortable life with no debt, housing paid in full and has all the social security you would ever need.
This is a spoken difference, and reflected in the English transcription, but the g/h sound is usually spelled the same in both Russian and Ukrainian, with the г letter.
I mean, both are in Europe so that is enough for me
You call ‘left’ and ‘right’ what other nations would call ‘centerish’.  I think it’s because you all seem to be permanently aching for a fight
But to be fair, in universities majority of us has to stick to English materials
The inability to pronounce R - which should be rolled in Latvian - is the most common issue.
Do we need to pay tolls to enter, just like when going from Germany to Austria, etc?
Historically, Latvia as an independent country is very young
Texas to Oregon is a difference, but it's like going between two culturally similar European countries.
Pit stops at Kaunas and Daugavpils
Most of them, anyway
Poland is large country with a numerous and stupidly brave people.
Latvian MP Falls Asleep During Saeima Session, Sets off Memestorm
They made the typical mistake of assuming that Eastern Europe = Russian
russia
Helsinki
And of course there are some areas of Riga where I wouldn't go alone in the evening, but those are also the areas where tourists have no reason to be anyway.
Those are the same, except different racourses
I am imagining a great empire, stretching from Brussels to Vladivostok; Baku to Murmansk, of Slavic peoples
I realise what you meant, what I was asking is if the EU would have Canada but remain friendly would you still feel not okay.
You know every time I read this I understand how lucky we were to get away in time.
I mean, Estonia and Latvia north of Riga was *technically* Scandinavian under the Swedish empire.
This circus is still in progress though, many people are waiting for the current interim situation to expire so that new election could be held in Riga municipality
I think even the concept of what's a minority is different in most of Europe, compared to America.
[Don't you worry Latvia, we will save you.]
How Romania has developed from 1990 to 2020
She also claimed that boys get taught to dress like girls in school and all sorts of other crap
And the list definitely includes Russia
I'm Latvian, we do not have [q w x y] in our alphabet, because there are no Latvian words with sound q or y in them, w is redundant and instead of x just we use "ks".
Comment section kidnapped by conspiratards is hardly representative of public opinion.
Basically, most national and ethnic traditions/culture are common because they based on the same concepts shared by common language
Hate
They can ban whoever they want, just like we can ban whoever we want.
"Yeah, but you are not the only one on the road"
As far as I know, there's a big cohort of people who mostly speak Russian in their day-to-day interactions.
In Latvian it's "uz veselību" - 'to health'
In Latvian it is called **grauzdiņi**, literally translates to toasted.
Especially under the Articles of Confederation, but also under the Constitutional period up to the Civil War.
I thought it was that at first.
By saying that you are implying that it's not really her problem, but the problem of the state
They got "lost" and "accidentally" occupied Irish and British potato fields and toilets.
Ye, it takes a toll on the old Europe to haul my fat post-soviet ass
Russians dont ask for your opinion when they do things, they just do.
My knowledge is poor because you have never heard about something?
I heavily doubt that Latvian would help me to be fair and I've only worked for global players.
Also FYI in 1989 latvians weren't far off from being less than 50%.
USD
Ich will in der Zukunft in Deutschland leben
Finnish too has lots of Germanic words other than Swedish.
My bad yes you are correct
Cool name
Why not just dig a canal, which to me sounds a lot cheaper
It could but so could masses of people living in utter poverty through no fault of their own.
Namibia
Anti EU people usually are mercantilist.
Bush, Clinton, Obama all tried to restore good relationships with Russia as soon as they took office.
9 - deviņi
But not the enirity of Estonia or Latvia, and Crimea is kinda geographically separated from Ukraine, shouldn't the people there have the right to choose which country they want to be part of ?
Hell, I went to the No
They seem to be treated really well with a lot of rights.
I personally prefer android myself
I actually found that for rough measurements feet are just right
Is Latgalian intelligible with standard Latvian?
With a big appetite for eating other Latvians without salt
I am very worried that Trump may just appease Putin.
Or that "the customer is always right" is not an observed concept in all cultures, and actively rejected in some.
Or something else
Albania,
Ive been to Helsinki hesburger
He seems like a cool, young dude, especially after all those years with clown Berlusconi.
Democracy and law is pure zealotry nowadays you cant deviate or make compromises with a dark side which is frankly stupid.
Sprīdis(span) and nags(fingernail) I've only heard it being used while sewing things and mostly by older people.
It has three different forms which sound exactly the same but are spelled different: lauzt, laust, lauzst
Better yet, we should just tax the fuck out of them so that all vices are just for the rich and powerful
Later, learning about the Enlightenment and the resulting revolutions, the American Revolution is mentioned as the event that led to the founding of the US, but it's not really studied, we talked more about the French Revolution and events in Europe.
But the few loud ones spoil the whole image.
According to Latvia a region can never leave a country because its against international law.
But Estonian is totally different beast.
It will always be an adventure
Jacob W. Davis, the man who invented jeans, and then partnered with Levi Strauss to mass produce them, [was born in Latvia] Also the creator of the [Minox Riga] often considered the best spy camera during the early cold war due to its extremely small size, [Walter Zapp] was a baltic german born in Latvia
Technically illegal but not enforced AT ALL and easy to acquire
I've wasted more money a year on buying random shit from amazon and buying Dota 2 and CS skins, not a very impressive number tbh.
Baltic states had the most profound changes in demographics through immigration/colonization and emigration post WWII in Europe, save from territories in Eastern Europe from where Germans fled or were expelled, like Silesia, Prussia, Pomerania.
I don't think there's any dispute that the Austrian flag is one of the oldest, probably *the* oldest, I was just aiming for the top 10.
(Riga is geographically separated in two parts by the Daugava river
I was in for quite a surprise the first time.
A crack in society that is being used to try and pry it apart by You Know Who
That is why I pointed out I can easily tell apart Czech and Slovak speaker in both Egnlish/German(our languages are very similar), while from what i know Latvian/Lithuanian are not even mutually intelligible.
Cau, whats your opinion on duel nationality within Latvia?, I am a UK citizen who is pro EU, marrying a Latvian.
were you discriminated against?
But this exact variant was shaped in Estonia and Latvia
If you don't display you can get a fine
Fridge
Accepting Russian annexation in ww2
Oh, I completely agree
One of the most popular narratives arising from touristy visits to "West" was and still is how everything is nice and beautiful, but too much blacks and muslims everywhere.
(Slight gap in corruption level)
Lets not all act like Russia plz.
Actually, I could never imagine Lithuania and Latvia in war against each other
not popular here at all
Cheap labour inside the single market, furthermore if you're worried about people not buying because "Made in Romania", then just slap a "Made in EU"
Money too is both the game of influencial people as well as political campaigns
Priecīgus Ziemassvētkus un laimīgu Jauno Gadu
But the European cashfree societies, such as in Scandinavia where cash is hardly used anymore, it's all debit.
I'm seriously considering moving to Palermo from Latvia next year with my 7 y/o son (someone tell me it's a stupid idea?).
Doesn't UK have any procedure for citizens to call a referendum
The baseball cap has certainly been imported here and is a thing anybody would recognize, but it's not currently fashionable.
Who are you honestly blaming right now?
When I was a teenager I dreamed of becomming a president
I know this because quite many people here in Latvia were pissed off about the ban - boric acid was used in a popular Latvian cue game called [Novuss] to make the table surface slippery.
For sure I can name overpriced stuff
Cheers mate
After some time I was hiking in my country along beautiful river in our national park Gauja, sent them some photos and they still asked me WHY YOU DIDN'T TAKE PHOTOS WITH MOUNTAINS
If you have great recommendations, beer is on me.
That Estonia is just better at everything.
Well,
> And 'Cholmondley' is pronounced 'Chumley'.
but Russia's borders are kinda fluid
>Anything to do with the Baltic States during before, during and after soviet occupation
It's only logical that all three countries quickly decided to apply for NATO membership because the regained independece could be lost very quickly if Russia decided it didn't like that.
For cooking
Estonia Lithuania did the same I. Different dates
More dangeours than, say, Scottish Highlands that actually have mountains.
I dont have a problem with cold weather but my cars doors were frozen shut at -19C which is annoying
So - no thanks
The flatlands surrounding them become ice-water covered flood lands.
Some time ago there were a lot of old school people in politics, of whom you could find out, that they were actually in politics during the Soviet times as well
Everyone disagrees if Baltics are Eastern or Northern Europe
No, I think this time it was Honduras
Estonian police has come up with new way to punish drivers going a speed limit
So it is most certainly a horrible crime against humanity, just not a genocide.
Just the plain tourist experience in the big cities could get costly
Then there is split - who loves it and use occasionally or who dislikes it and stays with drinking
Our region isn't unique in this regard.
The Moon- Mēness(language, male), Mēness(mythology, god)
I am happy to see that mycountry is in the front page of reddit
This is not some little misunderstanding that can be solved by just a simple solution like that.
We'll be leaving Rio de Janeiro on the 20th and we'll arrive in Hellsink (Finland).
The language is Latvian
It's certainly affordable - you pay a fixed fee for a visit, and you get meds at a big discount.
Heck, heat pumps just now reached long term cost parity with gas, for the price of making 1 kwh, but still require substantially more initial investment, and have problems with winters below -15C.
No change there
And it's often controversial to propose major changes to it so issues like these are not addressed
And one important difference of that alternative status is that it ceases to apply as soon as the conditions that led to it being granted (such as war) disappear.
Like lauzt which means break
70 rate means we are dying out even without emigration
Always
Its not that we are genetically cruel or something - we just have other shit on our plates.
Too hot when temperature is higher than 30
To prevent piracy in the first few months or weeks
Joker was right in that batman movie - "We are only as good as the world allows us to be".
Just wondering, does this apply to immigrants as well (like let's say a Portuguese or Latvian made Croatia their new country and does both things in your list).
It was
Of my yearly taxes (income tax + payroll taxes), just 10% goes to specialist care, and less than, each, to primary care and other healthcare expenses.
Well at least Hitler delivered the promise, Germany became "great" again ...
Compared to Russian humor shows this feels very western
Estonia and Latvia should long have collaborated on creating a Russian-language entertainment and media platform based on integrating the local Russians into our cultures and reducing their dependency on the cancerous shit that seeps out of the cracks of the Russian media.
From as recent period of WW2 to pre crusades
The practice that, when establishing a small to medium business you must first get yourself a BMW X5, Audi Q7 or a Porsche Cayenne; get a mortgage for a decent house somewhere on the better outskirts of Riga; and set aside a tidy sum for yourself for future travels and other personal expenses - only then you can afford to think of such measly things as employee salaries, taxes and settling invoices with subcontractors
The primary split of society in Latvia is along ethnic lines, Latvians/Russians, and many of the disagreements stem from a different view of WW2.
I am not familiar with the show, but there are people living in harsh conditions, in what are basically self-sufficient communities.
Microsoft should be broken up.
In Latvia and Estonia the knowledge of conversational Russian is way higher (I'd say that at the moment it's close to 90% at least in Latvia), but the knowledge of Russian is dropping fast in favour of English in the younger generation (outside, of course, of those countries' rather large ethnic Russian population).
Even if you disagree with such garbage, you still get influenced by it in every day life
I drove my van to Latvia from Finland to buy alcohol for my wedding.
Not disappointed someone beat me to it
I have no idea what goes on in there
Both Italy and US allow dual citizenship.
whats with all the dickheads in the comments
I think I love you
fuck its already here in Baltics, plenty of snow
Yes forests are total fault for this map
[Precise time synchronization]
No, but your regime probably does, so if it's an arrest then it indicates that something is wrong with the country, not just criminal activity, plus if it is criminal activity by police force that is not sanctioned/controled by the regime then maybe things have gone even worse than before
If you're about 5 minutes from where you need to be, then it's almost hoodie weather
One part of Latvian Independence War
STOP BEING FRIENDS WITH LATVIA and
They're heavy and puff-up your wallet so much
Don't get me wrong, the things they did are unforgivable, we're still recovering as a country, an economy and probably will be for the next 100 years or more
It's been around
But I stopped buying there because of one stupid policy they have
There's a folk legend that Riga will sink, if you tell a witch that building of it has been finished, turns out there's very simmilar legen about Tallinn, although seeing what happened with our marketing story about having had first ever Christmas tree, it's probably plagiarized
(except behind Sweden, Denmark and far behind Iceland xD)
0L while in USA only as 2
For me I'd say that written latgalian is mostly understandable but spoken is like 90% complete gibberish
(Standard latvian (middle dialect))
I think Estonian and Latvian (not sure if all) ports also freeze in winter, so Finland should not be the only country in the world whose ports freeze at winter every year
And fantasy books written by Russian authors are so good
What shared values does a Spaniard have with me?
You might be surprised
Ahh right, try to ethnically cleanse whole regions of people they didn't like
While Baltic languages are related to Slavic languages (they're part of the Balto-Slavic branch of the Indo-European languages), they're not that close and shouldn't be lumped together.
* [Rūdolfs Blaumanis]
And there's a million things he hasn't done
There is nothing stopping them from participating if they so wish, and why would there be, we have free speech here and Ukrainian right sector hasn't done anything that would that would justify banning them from going here.
- Saulvedis (The Sun-Bringer)
You wouldn't find that on any other book and there is border gore l.
Been to Riga, Latvia a few years ago.
There are some dialectisms, of course, but the main difference is that there has been some sound change, so were standard has one sound, you can expect Latgalian to have another (ā becomes o, ē becomes ā and so on).
That’s a nice looking Christmas tree
Some countries corruption levels arent accurate in my opinion, for example from what I've heard I would put Bosnia and herzegovina a bit lower down maybe closer to Moldovas level, though not at that level, and my own country of Latvia I would put a bit lower at probably the high 40s instead of 56
I'm not going to disturb you any more.
Wasn't until I was in my late teens I realised how few people in South UK had even bothered to taken that 90 minute boat or 30 minute train to France
Just like they do with Latvian SS Legion that was specifically created to fight Bolshevik forces, not even USA consider Latvian SS legion a threat, let alone common saying in Latvian SS legion was "We fight Russians now, we fight Germans tomorrow" something like that.
In cities, average class size would be around 20-23, but we still have a lot of small rural schools (a vestige from soviet times), they bring the number down, since they barely can get a single class filled with 8-12 children
Well it depends on each person, I always refer to Latvia as Eastern Europe because I have noticed it makes more sense to group us with EE countries for economic, cultural, linguistic, historical reasons and so on
When I went to school, there was pretty much no division of any kind.
I was surprised Latvia isn't in the average category, and same for Romania and Hungary, At least when looking at what countries are in the average category
I'm from Latvia and our country is super flat, no mountains at all and the highest point is 312 m above water which we also call "mountain" in out language
The problem is that it can't be dealt with
- Druvvaldis (The Cornfield-Ruler)
Baltic states don't really trust Russia.
It's not because of some widespread animosity against Norway, the story was spun by Russian propagandists because there was a Russian family in Norway where children were taken away by the Norwegian CPS, and as a matter of policy, the Norwegians couldn't and wouldn't comment anything on the case (to protect the children and their privacy
Most of the time I order groceries online since I hate walking around supermarkets searching for stuff I need
Almost every young emigrant I know did it just because of that.
Bad, I know
Yet for Ukrainians it's all swell, because...
we also have psychology from 10th to 12th grade
HOW DO THESE THINGS CORRELATE
Should you be though
Basically, don't build defenses, because if decide to nuke you we won't be able to
Because pirates aren't roaming the autobahns of Germany, unchecked, armed, and willing to do anything to survive; with closest help hours or even days away.
I’ve always considered it Western Europe
My wife is Latvian and she usually finds it easier to speak in Russian with people from Latgale.
Boys use really racist and sexist and based jokes while most of women are offended by everything
I think people dismiss it because it's explicitly called "pay gap", income inequality or something like that, while there is no perceivable difference in pay for man and woman in the equal positions.
The subject doesn't care about Russian events if they don't affect the area or places near it.
[Doesn't seem like there is such consensus among scientists]#Evolution_of_skin_color)
Quite often
They are in a better place with God, free of Latvian oppression.
has a problem in calling it USA/Canada
Don't forget Newport
They clearly don't want to be Latvian.
It's all about legal choices and political strategy not the real situation.
Especially in Wales, where, from what I've been told, everyone in the valleys know each other
Even May's deal makes the UK less integrated with the EU than EEA/Switzerland
I thought, the last time someone confused Latvian flag for Austrian, was 15 or 20 years ago.
The T-80 counts as third-generation.
Its the same thing :D Even the coupons work
Honestly, love our police, can't say anything bad about them, so probably murican dream
Gun-control works fine for a little, rich northern European country like Ireland, but it's pretty terrible otherwise.
Back when I was teenager I wanted to marry a princess so I looked up current princesses around the world
Some conquerors are better than others, though
I havent got free time lately
I feel bad for it
* Free internet (I work for an ISP)
Euro Integration won`t help either
* [Kārlis Skalbe]
As a kid I found deposit of Latvian interwar coins buried near the tree and polish-lithaunian coin from 1666 while digging in vegetable harden
Can we please call put the media *without* downplaying mass propaganda?
I prefer playing games and watch movies in English, since translations are not always accurate and sometimes it seems weird not sure why
I'm not saying they will be bought or sold or conquered.
Someone posts a joke with Marabou, half the front page is Marabou and Loka for three days.
For a business owner, it's a mixed bag - can easily hire and fire, but also easy to lose valuable employees.
You can definitely buy cheaper furniture in other stores
Season 4, Episode 10 - Captain Latvia
I dont think ''I am doing this so I dont die and my family doesnt die'' counts as ''I am a Nazi''. Nazi implies you are member and supported of their general philosophy and ideology
What Soviets did in Estonia qualifies as ethnic cleansing (especially the forced deportation of locals).
Didn't Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia join the USSR voluntarily after WWII?
Technically не isn't a word so that's not really a good example
place them smack in the middle of Mississipp
Good
Somewhere around 35% are native Russian speakers.
In any case, I stand corrected.
I think I remember Brits saying the same thing when they helped Americans  to invade Iraq in 2003, while others Europeans refused
Famous worldwide
Thank you for that, I did not know there was still such a wide variety of finno-ugric languages left
Today, on 1918, the Republic of Latvia declared independence from someone.
Some overlaying Baltic and Indo-European elements are shared between the two, but independent gods and nation specific folklore exists.
However I'm not found of new products, it feels they tryin to give less for more by masking it with NEW
I think every person can under some circumstances or practice differentiate between accents he/she knows, or languages.
Interesting, in Latvia Hesburger is usually seen as the ghetto version of maccies
>I had some person earlier tell me how these SS units weren't Nazis
(To be honest, in my opinion, the post-Larsson books are, too, Spider's Web especially, like some shitty Tom Clancy fanfiction set in Sweden
But most of the people over here would look at Ukraine through same lenses they look at Latvia(goverment) and just assume things, often wrong.
There's a bit longer story about my country and ethnicity in particular.
It's never (and my parents would consider it crazy to ask) a set amount every month
So no worries, you are already part of the best group in the world buddy!
Do you know what percentage of ethnic Russians have Latvian citizenship?
Yeah, of course
There are different implications between the two
Of course it was Nazi creation and commanded
Finland still maintains massive military, biggest artillery force in Northern Europe and full on conscription for all of its males age 18+, and its no secret towards who its all aimed at
At one point we will find people just making unions for legal reasons alone
If people are determined to leave, they will leave.
I know, but again, they kind of had a special situation going on there that allowed them to be in that possiton
Jewish car
14 - četrpadsmit
Ill take emptier country over more "diverse" one any day.
Fairly popular among young people,  most people I know have smoked it at least once
Government might have not got it
"The members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) pledged in 2014 to increase their defense spending to 2 percent of their gross domestic products by 2024."
It's not quite normal for a large economy to peg its stable currency.
The best I can come up with is that OP meant Karelia instead of the whole Russia, which is just nuts.
He is also regarded as a national treasure in Britain, so we just *might* allow him to express his opinion on as significant an event as Brexit *without* getting snarky about his perceived lack of qualification to comment on it.
The others, on the other hand, disagree replying that this is just a dialect of the Latvian language.
Yes, some of them are still in use for sure
It's Budapešta in Latvian, so with *sh* (since that's what *š* is) :)
It does exist
Puisis (young male), meitene (girl), draugs/draudzene (friend)
What do You mean, if I swipe dirt towards the door I will swipe my luck away
"Cute", it ends up translated as lovely, nice, attractive or something along those lines, but there doesn't really seem to be a word that would include all aspects of the concept
You forgot that the first commander of red army was latvian
I remember a legend that many years ago students from Latvia came to Suur Munamägi in Estonia, and started removing the mountain top with shovels.
I like it
You think your poor are more important somehow?
Congress elections are completely broken because of the first-past-the-post voting system.
It would make it feel as if the immigrant and non-Latvian speaking part of our population gave a shit about the culture and language of the country they live in.
I am acctually unsure, of course, the ones I've studied or heard very often I would likely be able to identify, but it's hard to tell how much l could tell something else apart from known languages, other languages in the same group and so on.
Yours is really old and washed out.
Stayed in Poznan for a night a month ago, from what little I saw I was pleasantly surprised.
I wish Russia was as chill as Belarus was.
not really....sex was completely taboo in Soviet union, nobudy talked about it, and am I pretty sure nobudy educated people about it either.
This map feels like a shitpost for people who think that the EU is going to evolve into a federal state
Perfect: 18-24C
While we sell Estonians cheap booze, we go to Lithuania and buy cheap(er) food, clothing and even cars
I pay taxes in Sweden, declared a couple of weeks ago.
Good post, though I cannot agree for the most part.
I think the mild discomfort is a small price to pay for the long, warm evenings in summer and light mornings in winter
When considering my safety, I am far more interested in actually being safe than in the ideological background of criminals.
Nazis also had some good points then
Yeah but we don't really identify with the russians or the russian language, there's just a lot of "latvian-on-paper" russians due to historical reasons
I read the comments but I rarely see any Latvian comments
I think there were several robberies or attempts, but then after one case where a bus got robbed on New Year's Eve, the union protested and two days later buses and trams in the region stopped accepting cash.
Source: Lived most of my life in the countryside of Zemgale, some in the outskirts of Riga and now in the UK for a few years
Does anyone else other than us and Latvians call you slow?
Eeey ofc we do
Considering that Russia is like 2% of Global GDP and
That must happen everyday in Latvia, I imagine...
These days I need to read comments of some news article to realize that I don't want to represent everyone
One who has taken even 10 minutes to read about the legions in Wikipedia knows it's a really complicated gray issue.
Nobody would break metaphorical Greek legs if they choose to do so.
A NSA/GCHQ/Stasi style mass surveillance program is absolutely a violation of rights.
Beautiful Latvian festival song - Ligo.
And Nicki
Seeing these Baltic states were part of the USSR not so long ago, following the same "but they feel Russian" logic as Crimea, I suppose these parts could also be annexed by Russia, completely disregarding the territorial integrity of these countries?
Eventually, we will develop some industries which will create additional jobs and wealth.
Closed minded because NATO is needed more than even after soviet union collapse.
I dont think ''I am doing this so I dont die and my family doesnt die'' counts as ''I am a Nazi''. Nazi implies you are member and supported of their general philosophy and ideology
If we're talking about all or nothing, then it would cause more trouble than justice.
It does not work that way and that is a poor way of looking at it - it's exactly why, say, in Latvia we have issues with an unintegrated Russian minority.
You've missed a couple of steps there, pal
USSR = Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (note the plural).
It shows you're willing to believe in snake oil bullshit because it makes you feel good.
They questioned, if these monsters had been human beings [..] The bodies in pits mostly turned out to be horrifically maimed.
Covid, unsurprisingly
Isn't that technically an arrest, albeit made in an oppressive dictatorship, rather than abduction
A Latvian, that doesn't have anything to complain about
Damn Russians don't want to be assimilated by Latvians!!!
Cold beet root soup
It's a different kind of cheesecake, made with cottage cheese, drier and more crumbly
It's not about any political alliances, it's just something that is in Russian interests.
Jeans and citric-acid
To be fair, he is a 90-year-old graduate of Cambridge who also attended the London School of Economics, and whose career most certainly was not spent just studying the behavior of wild animals - he's a veteran of the BBC, and a great, articulate, intelligent man overall.
Acis, ausis, mute, deguntiņš.
Albania,
Hussein was a brutal dictator, and I think removing such dictators from power is generally a good thing.
In Latvia yesterday was made the decision to close all schools, kindergartens and Universities from today
Usually we don't have snow for most of November and December, but it's also cold enough for it not to be very weird
It's as if a nudist was complaining people looked at him with disrespect if he was being nude on a public beach.
Famous worldwide
Never seen this even tho we used to get a lot of snow, educational
Well, we were the ones oppressed, so not really awkward from my side
As reported before the results of the vote were even known
It greatly depends on what country you are a citizen of, and which country would be issuing you the visa.
I would be pleasantly surprised, it is very uncommon to hear foreigners speak Latvian.
If the information would have been correct about WMD, then USA would see you as a friend who didn't believe him, and left him to fend for himself
- our stats were so low, we could get by even without masking rules, apart from a brief period of masks in public transportation
Italy alone has more deaths than China
I'd argue other places like China and India and SE Asia also have a lot to show, it's just that Europe is generally very safe and open
The Riga Film Studio almost entirely stopped producing movies after 1991, although it used to have some great movies.
Liars and hypocrites, just like the old Soviet elite
This flat actually has an AC, which I didn't want to use because I thought it seemed useless after the cold spring we had this year
In Latvia, parents are obliged, if able, to provide for their children until the child is 18.
I started at a fairly young age, and had an advantage other kids my age - English was not yet taught in schools as early as it is now, and the quality of the lessons was abysmal anyway, I think it is at least somewhat better by now.
Red and big ones, one costs almost euro
[Proof for you, who] in denial]
In Latvian, it's called "rija".
Russians chose Putin for the same reason
Usually there are studies about different religions in course of culture history, like basics about the major ones
little/cute/tiny dog = sunītis
having authoritarian leader who is not wanted by the people tends to have similar results across the board
I'm picking on /r/me_irl here because they're doing the "No, we're serious." thing (kinda like how people are going to /r/OutOfTheLoop and asking if /r/The_Donald is serious).
I think it may have to do with the anti-Russian sentiment in the Soviet era that Latvians gave their child a name such as Ziedonis
Ariane and Airbus is French not "European".
Sweden is certainly one of the most expensive European countries to live in.
cLiMaTe ChAnGe DoEsN't ExIsT
In Latvia, the potato is thought to be sacred, or deeply respected.
Latvia too if they pay enough potatos!.
The cinema was full of people when I was there
[Here's] another one with Vytis.
Secondly, although you're right, it's "Reksas" in the nominative, unless you're half-Lithuanized Russian, you would use vocative, so "Reksai, Reksai".
There's no way they are stopping a rebellion the size of the internet tho
Scandi + Nordic
In Latvia 3 times: somewhere in November, then on 1st of December (we had hope that snowy winter have started) and on 2nd of January a little bit
Currently it's under construction since they're building museum in it
The EU is already directly on Russia's doorstep.
Only one in Latvia would be Sputnik, since they're posting Russian propaganda
[This] guy who had the audacity to perform a song in russian for Latvia
<0 cold —  0-10 chilly — 10-25 warm — 25 < hot
Trump has as much chance of becoming president as I do.
Any Latvians can explain the issue with Latgale?
But is that comparable to Russia still
Gypsies is how the people are called in English, and the respective words in Czech, Slovak, Romanian, Latvian, etc.
Oddly one of the main countries I would like to move to is Croatia, which to you might seem crazy because you are Croatian, but It's so Slavic, yet so beautiful in terms of nature, amazing roads, cool people and so on
Half the country is foreign nationals who probably like Luxembourg being a tax haven, I doubt they would like closer integration.
I believe it's called threshing barn in English and probaly it was pretty common, except maybe in hotter climates where they might have simply worked outside, it's just forgoten, because not all have special word for it and interest in historical heritage
Mostly because Riga and Ventspils are still the cheapest way for Russian oil in to the great yonder.
Haven't heard that anyone would chop a bunch and go selling, besides, if you want to sell, you probably mustdeclare the origin
If you need to use Riga public transport more often, then you can get personalised e-talons
If they can't build more, it means there's someone preventing them from doing it
This is all of course not true, they would have gotten their citizenship long ago when they would have wanted it.
And there appear to be far larger problems like this with gypsies in Southern parts of Eastern Europe, not sure if it's because of slavery in one of those countries or just larger population in general or what, but they now migrate all over Europe, even here we occaisonally get crime news about dark skinned "citizens of Romania" and obviously many people, especially if it's only kind of gypsies they ever encountered, end up shaping a very negative oppinion
There's little common identity between Poland and Spain for instance.
Effort needs to be put in integrating people, because most people will not do it themselves.
You can learn this simplistic shit before you grow out of you prime marriage age (12).
Well good thing UK won't be in EU much longer, so the possibility of EU joint army is bigger possibility.
I guess a little bit in a joking way
Well then good luck in the fighting.
I'd say that all my friends feel about Estonians the same
Most Russian leaders in general
Stalin: He was not the best
I can't really imagine anything else than language.
That's pretty weird since we have our own rich pantheon of gods and myths.
Our bar is open 24/7
"Nazis" which means "knife"
Mostly because in winter, cogeneration is extremely useful, the infrastructure is there and it's very expensive to replace
Ok I fucked up little bit
South of Latvia, on the Baltic!
We compare ourselves to Latvia.
Do you people realize that European births last year were just 4% of total global births?
Its 1200 km of autobahns
When it gets below -5 or so, the snow becomes brittle (sand-like?), and is carried around by wind quite easily.
Whistling indoors is bad luck
Just
There are some expensive cuts of steak that are more expensive, and there are cheap cuts of beef that are less expensive than rabbit, so I'm roughly averaging here
The situation is now better from what I hear, but with Soviet-era teachers....
>How about they pay for the damage they caused in 1999
Lithuanians only have one distinct food - zeppelins, no idea what it tastes like since there definitely are no potatoes here you could take to make them
But marriage on its own is pretty aged tradition and the way I see it, it should be a secondary term anyway as generally religious institutions practice it - I wouldn't force any religous institution to unify anyone they don't want as their whole process is based on opinions and traditions
The major European leagues are in countries where the climate is okay even in the winter months - it may not be hot, but it's still fine for players running outside.
the singing part of this started and was the most active in Estonia.
So i guess the answer to the original question is no
Either that or we all are Eastern.
What about the young ethnic Russians in Latvia?
Happy birthday Estonia
I think it's a silly fantasy that Ukrainian artillery will stop "green man".
You seem to have a chip on shoulder regarding English
French couldn't live with Dutch rule, so they created Belgium.
Unfortunately it's not as easy as simply rolling out a map and drawing a line from A to Z.
I mean nobody is going to refuse you help, but it's easier for everyone if you can show your card.
Wonder what foreigners think when they can get an "ass" kebab
It should’ve been like this in December/January
Not everyone is that narrow minded that they can't handle any opinions that contradict their beliefs.
We built a tower on top of our hill to surpass the Estonians, but the tower was later demolished because of safety risks
**Pronunciation** \- Most words have at least one "S" in them, which isn't hard, but the challenging part is the "š" (sh), "ķ" (kj) sounds
If Russian families in Estonia or Latvia live better lives, it's a danger to the Kremlin, who would be hard pressed to explain how Russians in the gay-loving Sodom of neo-nazi Latvia are living better than those blessed by conservative orthodox Russian nationalism values.
No, not much
As was [this guy] It's pointless to blame people for crimes commited by other people of same ethnicity, especially when they're split between different sides, there can only be personal responsibility of the people who acctually did something and political responsibility by country that ordered them to do it
I doubt a civilian was eligible for self-defense weapon at all.
For example, take the English word "ratchet", in Latvian it's "sprūdrata atslēga" and the guys in the workshop use the Russian word "varatok".
It's now as if Moscow has less money than we do - makes no sense why you wouldn't construct nice, well-rounded apartment complexes - after all it increases the value.
We have local brand making smoked meat, cream and chives over here, can't say it seems like a weird choice for flavour, though
Their ladies might need our tentacles.
I would not more to US permanently, because there are way too many dealbreakers and annoyances
If you did that on purpose, I'm sorry for misunderstanding the situation.
The Latvian language is the official language in the Republic of
I'm a software developer as well but wouldn't want to switch to an at-will system nonetheless.
Well - Latvian forests would be shitty to live in, and these places are actually fertile.
Five US Air Force Black Hawks reinforce NATO battalion in Latvia.
No - I'm appalled by terror attacks, but the probability of being caught in one is so low I'm more worried about riding in a car in a major city.
Someone born in Denmark, with Danish citizenship, who speaks Danish natively and has lived through to adulthood in Denmark, has completed the Danish school system in Danish, has shared in the same culture as everyone else in Denmark - that person is as Danish as anyone.
For Latvia it is similar, I don't know where they got 41% number from
Season 4, Episode 10 - Captain Latvia
In history department of American book store Barnes and Noble 90% books about Polish history are about Jews, Holocaust etc.
This says nothing in this case.
Overall there are a few cases of people learning the language to almost a native level
Yes, EU should just build factories in Ukraine.
I feel like to a lot of non-European people Europe is England, France, Italy/Spain and Russia (+Scandinavia, if you're advanced), take it or leave it
There's no way they are stopping a rebellion the size of the internet tho
The books i can't even begin to decipher
TLDR: Pro-Russian woman that denounces Latvia as a fascist state
Most people are bilingual (English/Latvian), some being trilingual (English/Latvian/Russian or German)
at least in terms of space, furniture and architecture as that way you have a better grasp on their size comparatively to your body, that sort of thing
* [Krišjānis Valdemārs]
Same here, Pūce, Ūpis, Apogs; Krauklis un Vārna
Warm: 25-30C
Wait
Late sunrise, early sunset, and it's surely cloudy so even during the daylight hours it's gray, not sunny.
So saying ''just be like Finland'' is naive, most simply dont have such a choice
Americans will travel to Europe and (especially places like Germany or Nordics) feel like the locals are coldly withdrawn almost to the point of being rude.
I'd say the people i've met that have been conscripted are a bit weird, the people who avoided conscription or hadn't been forced into it have better ...people skills.
Autobahn - 130 km/h limit
Yeah, I also really like the Russian anthem musically
And probably won't complain or demand anything extra from the Polish government like you know who...
because that's making us scared
If the Mayor of Berlin likewise insisted on using only Turkish and English, would there not be an outcry and calls for his resignation?
i love old European style architecture
No need for wide roads and a lot of cars
Hi, me [they] call John, [I am] glad to-get-familiar
aka Night city of the Baltics
2 cities had the same address, so I was about 150km off my original address
Soviet leadership kept those places alive artificially, not looking into their profitability on the long run......and when Communist time ended and Capitalist time began, of course those towns and villages died out almost instantly.
Of course he's watching a skiing competition
Sand washed out under the road due to burst pipe
Later became the Honourable East India Company
Its more like they advance their own technology on the expense of their neighbors, not the there way around
Actually we had a Russian politician in the European Parliament who took Latvia to court over this.
My top preference would be scenario that is currently unrealistic, where the UK stays and also starts towards closer integration with the other countries.
Just because Latvia has good foreign minister who came out as gay man, doesn't mean that all of sudden everyone will for concept of gay marriage.
No worries, we got your back (at least to distract some attention)
The worst are from former Eastern Block...
Not having those dark winters would be even better, though
I always buy both one fresh and one UHT
May be Crimea wants independence in future?
\*too irelevant to get into map
If my ancestors ended up in a bit different place before the end of WW2, it is possible I'd speak either German or Finnish as my first language, so I don't feel tied to Russia in any way
according to Wikipedia 34% speak Russian at home - we are not small minority as you may think.
That's not what we were talking about.
I only brought up forms, because they're usually official documents were kindergarten level wouldn't be accepted, I've seen plenty of people use print in normal writing.
Why is Lithuanian girl not blond and blue eyed?
For quite a long time I had relatives living some 200 km (125 miles) away, and I've always thought of them as living quite far away.
Can't remember ever having any in Latvia, despite winters having at least a couple of weeks of heavy snow.
massive drop overall in all communities
As far as what I learned - yeah, it was usefull, can't say I can exactly define all political ideologies though
Secondly, no
Nobody, why would I trust some psycho to do what he says he will?
Ah, could it be any other country to give birth to world's least violent game
Sure you can try to go for bigger integration but already your population is getting annoyed by the whole EU
Latvia says no to conscription [X-post /r/Latvia]
Honestly they aren't funny, at least for latvians
I think they marched in Old Town (very little traffic there) twice in the last 15 years or so and then one time they gathered in the Vermanes Garden which is enclosed park.
This doesn't happen to me probably because English is very different from Latvian but sometimes when I start to analyze my native language it seems very weird
Ok: 0 - 10 C
Try this year's Doom if you haven't already.
I'm a recent university graduate living in a more expensive country but I make about 7 times the average Latvian salary.
Holy fuck the amount of upvotes
What
There were reports of major violations during the referendum including armed soldiers arresting journalists at polling stations
Something that used to cost 5 lats would cost a bit over 7 euro after the switch, so the numbers got bigger, unlike every other country that switched.
Quite often
They might want to look at the doll terribly long afterwards.
Do not underestimate the yearning for cheap booze.
Look at Cuba which is still being punished by US (embargo + occupation of Guantanamo) to this date for taking a sovereign decision to ally with USSR...
Latgale: mini Russia in Latvia
Afterwards, Lenin did kinda come through on his promise, though, obviously on [his own terms] even though the Republic of Latvia (modern Latvia) had already been founded in Riga
Jeans and ,not sure if this counts, the Christmas tree
Also, just about the most dangerous thing you can do is supposed to be sitting in a draft (as in wind) indoors
Haiku assemble
Not really, it's more Germanics vs the rest.
If I see a Lithuanian in here saying it's Poland or smth, I will be crying in my pillow tonight
Germany, Finland, Denmark
Literally everything
111 - simtu vienpadsmit
No one would accept such bet from you XD
You guys probably shit out gas in the form of US flags
What happens when you want to buy an imported good?
It's obviously Cologne
Yep, that is the moment we detonate the trillion tons of RDX to cause the British isles to drift about 1500 km north.
Latvian wages are a lot higher than Ukrainian wages, Latgale is not strategically important and not historically Russian.
Looking at it in streetview, it could probably do with a thorough cleaning and a coat of paint but I've seen buildings of similar (and worse) decrepitude in many major European capitals
There is no way they keep track of that
I don't know, apart from the graffiti and the obvious pile of debris and destruction it doesn't look all that run down
Prnacūzija just gave me the keks :D
For math or physics it does complicate things a little bit
Heck, heat pumps just now reached long term cost parity with gas, for the price of making 1 kwh, but still require substantially more initial investment, and have problems with winters below -15C.
I feel that since Latvia has acquired Independence, the key people and parties in the Parliament remained the same
Yes, the rest of the country brings down the statistic, but Riga accounts for 70-80% of the Latvian GDP, of course this still is pretty poor compared to the likes of Paris, London and Frankfurt, per person, not far from Iceland though.
It surprised me how much central Wellington resembled Birmingham or Manchester
My bad, I assumed they were also 2014
Like the long tentacles with the suction cups and their mushy, wobbly heads
> pastaport
My mom (in her mid 60's) has a serious hording problem
And they still have some barriers left, so its not reaaaly finished
Basically, most national and ethnic traditions/culture are common because they based on the same concepts shared by common language
I think this bodes well with general law of 'not being a dickhead'.
SARS immunity was at most 6 months after recovery
Europe in 1942 (colourised)
Montana is safer than most of the US, but Europe remains safer overall than the States - if you visit any major city in Europe, you'll be as safe, and likely safer, than in major cities across the US.
She answered the question of "What is wrong with the climate" with "Everything". She literally has no fucking idea what she wants
President: just an iconic figure mostly
Latvian girl is say "I want go America one day." Father is say "I send you America." Daughter is thank father.
The picture, however, displays a coat of arms as I couldn't find a flag
I did the same when I accidentally clicked the 'share on facebook' button on a pornhub vid
Have to say that I really enjoyed the experience of studying there
Latvia is super tolerant towards their Russian minority.
The UK will prosper
We still have hope, because for the last 10 years winter kinda shifted for 1-2 month for us
QWERTY & ЙЦУКЕН
Oh, you'll be surprised with how much the government can do.
And by the way, Nazi ideology is banned and attacked in Baltics just like the Communists, so I dont understand why people try to pose this view that somehow if Soviets are bad somewhere then Nazis must be good, no they are not both are shit on
What does completely open borders even mean?
You have more people to lose :D
There is quite big Russian-speaking population, so among ourselves we use Russian
I think it's some kind of overcompensation
There is no single superpower that can dictate the entire world anymore.
Being a Russian from Latvia I don't like such dickheads myself.
I'm fluent in English and a lot of the vocabulary is similar, also I'm Latvian and older Latvian has some German influence (but the two languages are almost nothing alike)
Its the same thing :D Even the coupons work
Latvia-USA Defence Cooperation Agreement Signed
Some people in my family, as well as some of my classmates speak it very well
Who has done anything to Russia?
Schuko does have grounding, it's the Europlug that has only two wires
Only if the parliament sometimes for some random reason moves to Strasbourg.
I'm confused, was the right side of the war the one which sabotaged anti-Hitler coalition before WWII?
I personally think that zoning laws are fundamentally a bad idea and have caused way more problems than they prevented
Well it's actually our capital Riga, which is run-down as well, particularly thanks to the 10 year reign of the party Saskaņa. The cities in regions are usually better-maintained and more aesthetically pleasing than our own capital
Paris and Madrid look like pimples
Putin Reveals Dream to Travel the World After 'Successful Retirement'
Also unregulated, obviously
That is, you feel that the justification wouldn't exist if people were swiftly whisked off to Latvia?
Or you could be a bit more economical and fence several houses together.
Allies and their actions were only high-level touched in school programs, most of attention out of Eastern front was given to partisan wars on occupied territories and concentration camps
Probably get our food and go the living room to play video games with Lithuania, Estonia and anyone else who'd join us
"Sasodīts" is what a Ned Flanders character would say, something along the lines of "gosh darn it". In no way is it similar to actual speech patterns of real people
Only we are allowed to joke about them
You probably just triggered Lithuanian really hard.
Country actually feels broken beyond repairs
Baltic states do it, because Baltic states have no such luxery as what Finland has
What do you do if they turn into a regular dictator that is not so enlightened?
And the finno-ugric languages :
Arnis, is a pretty popular guy name in Latvia btw.
Yes, because death penalty is an actual law.
But they are such low people, that you know they are in politics for being important and for some sort of power, rather than due to their ideological beliefs
Vāvere
Russia pretty much copied the law from the US.
As with any foreign military deployment ever, I assume a bunch of mixed-heritage looking babies are going to be born :)
Cant think of anything, Latvians, help me
Yeah, I was looking for the source as well
If I was offered a job in the US with high income net of living expenses, I'd be willing to work for 5-10 years and then use the money to retire in Europe
Even if Germany would reduce their tax to the same as USA, you still couldn't import any vehicle made in USA
23 Polish, 13 Bulgarians, 3 Latvians, 3 Romanians, 2 Estonians, 1 Czech, 1 Hungarian, 18 ukrainian, 5 Georgian, all died in Iraq, a war started no other than the Us and the Uk.
We were illegally occupied, like Latvia and Lithuania, we weren't legally nor willingly part of the USSR.
Every album from [Skyforger] is more or less really high quality
In reality though, 100% of Belarussians will speak Russian to native level and Ukraine won't be far behind (many now chose not to, but that's a different story).
Russia has invaded this place ''just because'' a number of times........and you can always find justifications and shit if you really want to.
That poverty is ok when experienced by people in those "former Soviet republics", but not ok when experienced by Greeks?
You fully deserve that
Television and other marketing experts are not regarded with such contempt.
Is this a large sentiment in Latvia?
This goes on for the whole wait for buses, both times, and we eventually get to the town in Argentina with her still acting the drama queen ranting away in Russian
Most of it justs floats there uneaten (fish and ducks are overfed and don't want to eat anymore) and ruins the view
For being against Baltic independence and at very least turning a blind eye when Soviet forces attacked civilians in Lithuania and Latvia?
Most of our food comes from Russia (dishes that are popular, at least) and honestly
Yeah, if criteria is not continuous rule then Germany, Italy, Poland have existed for 700 ish years before the US did.
4chan is nothing like a good source of information in general, and the real rules for self defense are complicated.
Who knows
Russians were doing a lot of strange things on their borders
We have [Urlas]
Yes I do understand what you meant.
He really puts the Aryan in yoga
Later on you can choose to take on a third language that is usually German though I heard they teach French in some schools.
Also, I think it was fairly honest about foreign locales, with comedic exaggerations, of course
If it wasn't for 50 years of occupation we would be just as awesome as you right now.
Most likely it was 50 cent coin, right?
The continent was torn apart by factors such as the age of discoveries, the reformation and above all the expansion of feudalism in Eastern Europe rather than its slow retraction like in Western Europe
It is true that Latvian defense forces are not in very good shape, but neither are Portuguese.
Why Barcelona-Madrid is 2:45, but the same distance Madrid-Lisbon is 10:10?
Because the bad far, far outweighed the good.
Recenft history shows that you can't tell what is and what isn't submarine anyway
Marijuana is not legal even for medical reasons in some countries, such as Ireland.
Our geographical position means we need to be a Russian satrapy at the least to prevent danger.
IIRC in school we first talked how this mess started and how everyone thought it's going to be great and over soon, but it acctually turned out to be really horrible.
[Latvian peasants jokes] just a few years ago were incredibly popular in my peer group.
Operational Tank types in Europe (each type has different variants, just like US has different variants of Abrams tanks operational, which in chart somehow counts as 1)
Maybe France mainly has UHT milk that has no bacteria that could spoil it in it while unopen
I recommend getting tickets beforehand for the important things (Vatican, Colosseum)
Ok so I already know 2 languages fluently so I would definitely want to learn German, Korean and Japanese
Annexing regions of neighbouring countries to repatriate large ethnic 'German' populations
Not to mention that this whole Ukraine thing started because Ukraine decided they dont want to be Putin's buddies anymore.
Every Balt can see right through this nonsense.
Lots in Latvia as well so I assume places like Rome and Florence must be absolutely flooded with tourists
Paskat means look in Latvian, but apparently shit in Finnish and there's some similar issue with pasakas (fairy tales) in Estonian
Yeah, Lettland and Estland, but then people'd get confused
Recent additions, I'd wager, since the elections just finished in both Bulgaria and Moldova.
Singing
So just a few random thoughts and tips.
Some based women right there
Again taking turns until one gives up
New Zealand - Jaunzēlande
These guys : .......I know they are called ''Russians'' as well, but they were actually Germans in disguise, it's very complicated.
* [Kārlis Ullmanis]
It is collapsing economy (like in post-com eastern europe in the 90ties) and loosing out in market capitalism which produces "surplus workforce".
The latter is the same with Latvians, but we share almost nothing culturally with Lithuanians.
But Latvia will be able to veto any agreement with the UK...
(I mean generally, not just those Russian names in particular
They have an official presence in Latvia and are unfortunately not banned as a criminal organization, but their popularity is very limited, so at least that's good.
Tesla uses CCS for Model 3 and includes a CCS adapter by default with others
Haha, most of the people I meet online don't even know what Latvia is
If that is true, then why Benelux, Germany and France are doing so good together?
Same here
Pol Pot: Disagreeable management
The ECHR has jurisdiction in matters that concern the European Convention on Human Rights (also named ECHR...
At least over here there's a certain ultranationalist connotation with those kinds of ancient names
You have not actually lived under Russian rule, have you?
Yet still Russian propaganda attempts to brainwash the local Russians into thinking that the Latvians are fascists, nazis, we hate Russians, we live like shit, we are all leaving to England etc..
Don't drink and drive
Noting that there were places with Russian majority, but in the end it has always been viewed as just an excuse:
Most of the time I order groceries online since I hate walking around supermarkets searching for stuff I need
* 17 June (in mourning) — Beginning of the Soviet occupation in Latvia
Ah, if it's not my favourite method of learning about the culture of my fellow Europeans - through a pile of delicious pastries
I didn't study art, however, studies  involved other kinds of projects that could be copyrighted and we were asked to sign copyrights over for work done during the studies
It's hardly surprising that is a significant part if the game
Latvian it's "āmurs" for the normal ones and for the big ones it's "veseris"
I will probably just like you hope for American and British tanks and infantry soldiers, hopefully they won't damage the lawn in front of my house and fight ruskies out of my sight.
Boys kad to learn woodcutting and carpentry instead
Technically we have some linguistic autonomy at least at the school level - there are attempts to abolish education in Russian, but the government has tried to do that already 20 years ago
If you have a speck of land and dont live directly in an overcrowded city, it would be stupid not to get a well.
Not sure how should I answer it since I don't know the official language of the country I was born in and a citizen of
That reminded me - we played "the corpse", where you float face down for as long as possible, "the axe", where you try to sink to the bottom of the sea and stay as long as possible (we'd do this in shallow water), and "the moonrise", where you dive, do a somersault underwater while pulling down your pants, and then surface naked ass-first
While people well-versed in politics understand the difference, and people understand the context of terminology in their own country, it does lead to unfortunate misunderstandings such as some Americans getting the impression that Soviet-style socialism is widespread in modern Europe.
Croatia is probably my favorite country from everywhere I've traveled to(which isn't a lot of places but still)
As for the armed forces, they're not occupiers - that's a gross distortion of the reality.
From where you are
I know
Had a great weekend in Weeknd Baltic, paid some bus driver to stop for alcohol, lmao
The visitor centre underneath the bridge also show this documentary on repeat.
putting Potato in charge of Yellowstone volcano.....you are brave men indeed
The Latvian lat was more expensive than the Euro, so everything seemed more expensive at the start, and people, including myself, were confused about the costs of a few things
So the issue would be one of time?
And usig a bucket is always an option if the electric grid goes out.)
The biggest kid in the photo won :D
And they were even freer before
We're not a German speaking country, but Latvia has been heavily influenced by Germany historically so many Latvian names relate to German.
It is a common trait in Baltics
Kurdish is not something used for Kur/Courland, Kurdish is an Iranic language spoken by the Kurds in Turkey/Syria/Iran
Trust me, am latvian
I generally like how Berlin feels accepting of anyone and everyone, and both Berlin and London are true European capitals with an international feel.
Latvia would be shy guy
But how hard is it to say "We recognize Croatia as a country"?
if you are forced to fight, are you also part of that philosophy
Variety of flowers, likely also bushes and trees, possibly some grass around these, climbing plants are fairly popular, if people are interested, herbs and vegetables, potentially some "infrastrucrure" to support the hobby like green house, shed (these are also used for other storage needs) and some place to prepare compost, depending on needs and habits some place to eat and probably grill, bonfire place, playspace for kids and such things.
A few more pizzas I would consider bizarre are: banana-curry, banana-pineapple, eggs-bacon.
Akmens-šķēres-papīrītis - rock-scissors-paper (in diminutive).
I'm scrolling through reddit, wanting to find something about Latvia, my country
I guess “man pohuj” is used a lot
I mean, idk, depends on situation how I would compliment my girlfriend and nothing springs to mind
And I'm still pretty sure I am not going to confuse two countries, or US states for that matter, that have little in common other than the first two letters of their names :)
Right now there are those who are afraid or angry on one side and those who want to rejoin Russia.
If I had to regularly attend meetings, I'd bring a laptop for that
I can understand maybe one in 10 words in Lithuanian
The dukes of France had almost as much independence as sovereign states, with the French king being the "first among equals", until eventually centralising around Paris
to vote on whether or not to vote makes no sense
People put too much importance on politics.
People from certain areas (Arabia, Middle east, Africa) or people who cant prove that they are from european continent (turkey DOESNT count)
Tell me how the USSR was communist(in implementation) again, because to my view it was at best a single party oligarchy and at worst a totalitarian dictatorship.
Even "liberal" Navalny doesn't want to return Crimea
short story : Soviets treated their disabled people like total fucking garbage, even their WW2 veterans
I think having lot's of rules is good for corupt officials, plus one guy from Latvia tried to do business there and got harrased and almost murdered for not paying bribes (although at glance they only evaluate the beuraucracy part, not enviroment)
You are also talking about a time before the Internet, an attempt at Democracy in the country and widespread corruption being actually known and documented.
When listening to speakers from most other European countries it's possible to understand at least something.
You can always ask for tea, coffe or water instead of the regular sugary drinks.
Vāvere
French, how often you mix up Lithuania and Latvia from their name?
Bigger trigger would be if we were in Russias/Soviet colours
If I was as reptilian-overlord-conspiracy theory guy, I'd say that brexit and trumpxit are engineered, it almost looks like.
Don't forget that you're a minority.
It's conveniet, everything in one place
As you know this "Finland" myth was created due to fishing rights.
And I went to a school that taught 5 languages as options, so I can’t imagine how bad it must be in a school that can barely source a French teacher
So you make all girls, whose dad happened to have name with g at end, feel like he was a piece of shit
Windows of course, we are not savages after all.
France, anywhere coastal, I don't think I could live without the sea
They are planning to team up with russia, a +- working health care system being trashed and being replaced by bigly words, racism, sexism, is going to be on a huge rise, + the incompetence of the police force there is amazing, religion fanatism still, for example abortion bans, even thought the republicans, pro-life don't give a shit about the kid when it is born, and overall bad education system has made all this shit possible
There is an old wives tale that at one point Latvian was spoken so much in the Kremlin, that Stalin had to issue an order that only Russian is to be spoken in the Kremlin
For medicine yes
How do you call Latvia in Finnish
French government arms embargo on Israel 1969.
"Panzergrenadier" sounds extremely cool and scary at once.
The nature thing is also that you're more likely to go outside the big cities, maybe go camping, that could bring the total cost down
Here in Latvia I suppose it depends on the university.
Your use of Imperial measurements would be a worse offense than being overweight.
Petersburg" paid with their blood fighting for their allies and this smug Gingrich fuck is talking shit and feeling mighty fine.
The worst known example is Latvia.
What is the stance of the Green party on nuclear energy
It was in the late 80s, but not after the collapse of communism.
Ferry companies - or at least Tallink - are considering routes from Finland to Latvia due to expected tax increases in Estonia.
I love the pretty much free education tho
As I've been finding out, first aid training when getting a driver's license
Russia,
I hope the country approves Czechia as its official short name.
Every time I visit Daugavpils I feel like I'm in Irkutsk or Chelyabinsk, not in Latvia
Those where not just general "we will back our allies" statements, but specific and repeated encouragements (and not just from Vilhelm before his boating trip) for Austria to deal with Serbia.
She is essentially a Russian agent making decisions for the European Union, and we're just letting that happen to us
For me, it was at 4th grade when we first went to Aiport of Riga (RIX) and after that, we went to  Līvu aquapark in Jurmala forest of the day (4 or 5 hours I reckon)
These days I need to read comments of some news article to realize that I don't want to represent everyone
Latvia- nothing, because the goverment changed every 3 months before authoritarian regime took over.
The pronunciation isn't that bad either, it just takes practice, every time I try to say something I just imagine that I'm mocking someone and it works
Yeah, you can find pictures [here] Black bread used to be of very poor taste as it lacked quality ingredients.
Well this is one of the nicest subs out there, and I’ve learned lots just by reading stuff here
Well, there’s also a small man in a box
Little, but has and depends on personality :) Some people do depend on the feedback and perception of others, so, if such person use more gestures and and other non-verbal things speaking another language, they  may receive another feedback and start reflect on themselves differently
Christ, sorry, that must be more awful than any political bullshit going on.
In Iraq wars, most of the T-72's couldnt even get in range to open fire on American tanks, so the fact that they used older ammunition is not really relevant since they couldn't even shoot it into the enemy in the first place.
Theatre/Opera/Orchestra - London
For France "Defense of Europe" means intervening in Northern and Central Africa, something that a Pole or a Latvian will look at in irritation.
Latvia, simple as a rock - no states, no provinces, no regional autonomies.
I thought ours were quite good?
Honestly I don't trust any kind of Unions
* 18 November — Independence Day (1918)
Basically, what he is saying is "We can't see ghosts with the instruments at our disposal", which really isn't something new.
If you ask me personally, then my answer would be very boring
(I mean generally, not just those Russian names in particular
Just compare "God of War" artillery numbers and types between Russia and UK.
Left Latvia to study in a UK college because there are more job opportunities in the UK
We are even willing to start a feudal monarchy starting with Mika Hakkinen.
Edit: i think they promised until 2040 for all trains to be up and moving
Sveiks lietuviešu brāli
Their so-called opposition still thinks that Crimea belongs to Russia and that Baltic states are a bunch of russophobic nazis who should also be reeducated and annexed to Russia
UK flag says “Great Britain”, so Northern Ireland doged the bullet
They get involved in high risk arrests, searches and the like, as SWAT units do.
What's the attitude to cremation in your country?
Ukraine, did not
What do You mean, if I swipe dirt towards the door I will swipe my luck away
&#x200B;
Also gopniks, and 12 year old gangsters going around with scooters
Wasn’t Ken Livingstone referred to as “Red Ken” and during his GLC years affiliated with Militant movement ?  Maybe his view is not 100% unbiased
I've always been surprised by the subjects they consider fitting for conversations with strangers, and how they think and talk about things
Also people should know that Europe is a continent with many countries, many of them being in the EU, and be able to reasonably name the biggest languages spoken in Europe.
They were kinda neutral as in they worked both sides, like deporting refugees back to the Soviet Union and its controlled territories where they were promptly disposed of
It's an economically important, highly developed city, and Lembergs is a millionaire who has been charged with several serious crimes - money laundering, corruption, illegally influencing political processes, etc.
ahem, f*ck commies, f*ck soviets, f*ck stalin, f*ck the revolution
I had a French gf, she was an exchange student, it was fun exploring the cultural differences
It's important to keep in mind mistakes done in first half of 20th century so we don't repeat it again and, despite whole brexiting thing, temporary insanity in Poland etc, I think level of ties between European countries would make a  positive difference nowadays
We take it bit by bit
Always
The article is properly sourced.
"Fake scandinavians" Better than the most things people called us
Maybe for Mediterranean countries winter in Turkey sounds unappealing but for us up North it will do.
It's the default mode of sandwich where I live, for example
I went to Copenhagen for a project and I felt like I belonged there with my host family more than I do at home
Sounds like a good way to get cold burns
His full answer is a bit more levelheaded in my opinion.
The business is big, but produced part of the green energy -small
Thousands upon thousands of miles of interlinking Adidas stripes, always an apartment building to squat outside drinking Tyskie or a local equivalent, blasting Russian hip-hop at full volume
Ah madloba, I remember that one now
A new hire that does a regular office job
In a way, I wish Latvian was the biggest one being learned in Latvia (I am aware Duolingo has no Latvian).
Merkel should respond with a 300bn invoice for taking in all the refugees while US did shit to help
Visas are issued by the country you want to enter, on the basis of citizenship.
We've decided not to try that again.
Videos like this would be told as urban horror stories.
So much for the ''glorious victor nation'' indeed
It's always fun to rub it in his face when Dinamo beat Jokerit, but still, Finland doing well is inevitable
Latvia probably sent the check too late and Belarus got a good excuse they'll share one day.
I'm sorry, dear Poles, but Poland is just horribly boring to drive through.
So we should exterminate every single of them and put them in a mass grave
Not liking is putting it mildly for many, but what it is indisputable is that Lithuanian sounds like drunk Latvian
Even RT wont be able to spin it as a popular move.
+ some more, if your instructor thinks you are not ready.
Came here to post this :D iconic
Dont want to be nitpicky, but this isnt a castle
Glāze : cup
I was a subtenant for the first two years, which meant paying above average rent, and potentially more problems / higher risk.
Don't judge dude, he might be, he might not be
Wasnt international trade the big bogeyman for Trump and his voters?
Nothing looked even close to Latvia and those events wouldn't even be possible here hahaha
Why
Pretty rare, the President has one, though.
Latvia and dark bluejeans
I can't understand Lithuanian when I hear it, but there are many similar words, and it's possible to understand more when reading it, instead of listening.
Going back further if Allies haven't gone Yugoslavia XXL on Nazi Germany, Germany might still be Nazi today.
(I do have a few not-so-close relatives, but I haven't met them in more than a decade, tbh)
Nah, keep the flag, change the coat of arms.
It also exists in Estonian (kiitma) and the Latvian dziedāt just means 'to sing'.
Why cant you leave us natives alone in our reservation with our buffaloes where our culture and language is not threatened by encroaching influence of larger linguistic groups with whom we can never hope to compete in this globalized World.
There was also some overlap with biology and information I learned yet elsewhere, but IIRC we learned anatomy, hygene, contraception and STDs.
In the past OP has expressed strong and unwavering belief that Estonia is part of a different region, I don't see a reason to assume he means something else this time.
Not sure what happened in other regions, as public transportation is region-based in Sweden, but in my region (Östergötland) cash on buses was removed after a robbery.
SAY MY NAME WHEN YOU PRAY
The worst was definitely in connection to the Alfa unit (SWAT basically) about five years ago.
Even for 1 ride you need to buy e-talons
Yes, it's easy enough to buy it here, not that I eat it (or other spreads like Nutella for that matter) often, though
The Ukraine situation had much to do with strategic interests in the Sevastopol.
Though I still think the referendum should have needed a supermajority to change anything, but what is done, is done.
In Latvian, it is also 99% of the time
Admirable - I shortly summerized facts that are not controversial by any streach of imagination, you somehow found a reason there to bring up legal issues and now we're talking about a complitely different time in a complitely different country.
However this is only good, if you allready have decent knowledge, it us not feasible when you have to check everything
Honestly, I see them the same
6%? No wonder a lot of folk here are so opposed against leases, credits and mortgage - they can't carry it
Free movement of people and sea traffic to Azov sea , economic agreements etc
* 4 May — Restoration of Independence (1990)
But as I speak Lithuanian natively I may be biased.
Outer parts of Riga, just filled with commie block bulidings
Pun intended, but also is a question.
It's really not fair to blame modern Poland for anything regarding the Commonwealth.
We love you estonia
Only hungry
I would be quite happy to pay a bit more for components made in Europe, fyi
Honestly, I always thought that Caucasus is the Southern border, but I'm no longer entirely sure that it's what was said in school (obviously the map here disagrees, it seems to use some rivers as the border instead).
Vegeta and toi-toi
"Oh, it's nothing special," our then finance minister in 2008 about the deepening Great Recession
Freedom to harass your employees whenever you feel like it?
and im from latvia
However, countries east of the Iron Curtain (especially Poland and Estonia/Latvia/Lithuania) were under totalitarian dictatorships, never developed such a consensus, still have the sort of reflexive reaction to Socialism!
Also iit would be interesting to know how it was done
the right guy is holding it by the sharp end and swinging it?
Those were for the appropriate time period.
Only rivaled by the magnificent New Kids Turbo
WTF
Jānis as a name predates Latvian contact with crusaders
Besides, whiteboards are more useful for drawing diagrams than bullet points
Don't you do the same in Poland?
Yeah we even raided those puny americans with their area 51 back in the 17 century
lol, American you are lost, this is r/Europe
12th of January 1969 a residential building exploded due to a gas leak,  the explosion killed 41 people, among them 14 were kids
Latvian and Lithuanian aren't exactly mutually intelligible, though they're the only living Baltic languages.
I'm not sure
However, 1) the police officer might not be a law scholar and is overstepping his bounds or 2) is letting him off easy and not charging him for something else
It's just burried in ash, it doesn't burn itself and as I allready said you can wrap it to keep ash awway
(Also, yay, potato
* 4 July (in mourning) — In memory of victims of the Holocaust
I thy lord said ''let there be Wifi'', and it became so
Latvia is indeed one of the major Russian crime hubs outside of Russia, the mafia is still prevelant hete, murders happen
Theoretically the Russians can easily close the Suwalki gap, a 60km piece of flatland, and it's all over.
You can show your ISIC in bars in Western Europe?
I still can’t believe I live in this timeline
I of course know the attitudes of Estonians best, but I presume Latvians and Lithuanians are not very much different regarding this matter.
It is happening around a year now, but my old plan is 5 eur for 350min/100sms/350mb, but nowadays something like that could be found for around 8-10 euros.
If they overthrow Putin - whatever replaces him will not be much better
I find it hard to believe that caring about Latvians is high on Bangladeshi-British people's agendas.
I actually went looking online for material on how the Estonian, Latvian, and Lithuanian assets frozen as a result of [Executive Order 8484] were handled a while back.
Nothing has changed since then
By order of the Soviet center we were, however I'd argue that most Latvians didn't perceive Latvia as being a Soviet Republic, or the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic
Reminding this for fun but Abkhazia was included into Georgia by the good old Stalin
Wasn't Lithuania the first country to not recognise the elections as legitimate
Belorussians are fucking nice neighbors.
From the Asylum Law of the Republic of Latvia:
we also have psychology from 10th to 12th grade
Also, grades 5-12 we have a sepperate subject to learn our language (grammar, syntax, etc) and a sepperate subject for literature as a whole
That was 2,8% of the prewar population.
Although thing is that hydro isn't neccessarily nature friendly - it doesn't produce as much emissions, but it can affect the local wildlife.
Everyone can have guns and take heroin
Oh, them, latest news indicate that [white tights] are after them again :D
Lmao
"European russians" Well fuck you too!
But a couple years ago I came across some parody organization - Radi-Aid, where Africans crowdsoursing and sending radiators and heaters over to Norway to help these people make it through cold and dark winter
For me it was weird that for such a small island there are so many cars
Oh, thanks for explaining
[Show me where this European Continent starts and ends please]
Facts matter, subjective opinions don't
It's stealing and you know it
But that's bullshit
I once drank pinecone gin and it did taste like pinecone and grass
At least for vast majority of them, something worse than the USSR.
It's a small country where about half the population is foreign.
[This is how it looks now]
the fourth point is really similar here
Maybe it represents the giant epic mining trucks they make there
aaand they own the biggest chunk of the world's clay
A Latvian who doesn't like sour cream
Black balsam, I would recommend the black currant one, it's amazing
Usualy they identify themselves with Curonians the most.
That's the first time ever since that has happened in this place
Balkan nationalist logic is incomprehensible to me
The area where Sami people live is very sparsely populated.
They could disarm him and take as a POW?
I certainly consider Brits to be European.
Yeah but Afghans look completely different from Syrians.
I would think that a lot of people still have FM radios in e.g.
TV tower check
It would be great to see data from previous years to see the changes that were brought by the smoking bans and regulations.
"vārds" sounds like a Germanic loanword.
Can't recall a party that simultaneously would be part of the government coalition and have significant amount of Russophone deputies(8%+).
Also we have places called "kafejnīca" which is kinda somewhere that's a cafe in the daytime, and a bar in the evening
Maps like these always spark interesting discussions
And that's what pisses us off very much, we don't go calling yer fair Emerald Isle the "former British union state of Ireland".
American football in general isn't very popular here - [recent thread on it] somebody watching the Super Bowl here in the middle of the night would be a huge fan.
Brooklyn Nine-Nine has an episode named "Captain Latvia" where one of the characters and Boyle speak Latvian for a bit, though I cannot understand most of what they are saying
Don't expect some suits to figure out a way to fix your life just because you bitched about it a bit on a Friday afternoon and held a sign with a funny punchline
Even once or twice we had snow in May
For me, it's hard to describe
Aren't they supposed to vote for what they genuinely believe to be best for Britain?
This distinctive ethnic group was resettled and replaced by Russian newcomers after WW2.
Kingdom of Heaven FTW
Only you need The World Illuminati government for that
The track used for this will be European width, yes.
By 2040 there will be 1200 km of autobahns across all of Latvia
Goddamit, turns out my Persian cat is actually Russian
Fuck that bitch, only criminals and losers go to army.
Dictators came to power in many countries - most notably Hitler of course, but also obscure dictators in other countries.
In Latvia 2l of water costs about 30 cents with deposit it is 40 cents, it just surprised me when I saw that big of a price for 2l of water
(I do have a few not-so-close relatives, but I haven't met them in more than a decade, tbh)
Deutshcla d, after 3 painful years finally found us
We don't like it, but we tolerate it.
What stupid games did you play when you were kids
It was a simplification, Estonia and on most part Lithuania and Poland also fought on Latvian side, plus some Russian Whites.
Latvia is lutheran not orthodox lol
Appartment houses tend to have green space inbetween where usually grass grows naturally, there's often some trees, occasionally they have small flower beds at enterence, some people apperently grow stuff on balcony (if they have one, of course).
What about Swedish language, do you have any other synonyms you would use besides 'bankomat'?
I mean you have a healthy country with good income and everything seems to be fine
Their legislation is still subject to Privy Council approval, but UK legislation doesn't apply there.
What legal that should be illegal
I'd say that there has been a significant change in attitudes and what /u/random-guy410 says is just not true and based in misinformation.
No age restrictions either
The grammar is a bit tricky but they have strict grammar rules to follow and although I learn German in school I also do it on Duolingo and I learn grammar just through habit
Anyway, [here]#/media/File:Baltic_states_borders.jpg) is a map.
Except for "supermercados" where everything is 2x more expensive and stored in a conditions that I usually question myself if I really want that beer.
This map feels like a shitpost for people who think that the EU is going to evolve into a federal state
Clearly 2% of French GDP is higher than 2% of Latvian GDP; that doesn't matter, it's a gesture and a common amount that all members pay, that's all.
The only maritime island of Latvia, the artificial island for Kolka Lighthouse
Found something
So your solution is to erect an Iron Curtain and force the young to stay in the country?
We wanted to build our own power plant, but there was a huge opposition to it in our press for some reason, even with illogical claims.
Lithuania has been much better with this to my knowledge.
Navalny wants Western prosperity and Russian imperialism
” but not how to understand where the train station is
The Latvian language is the official language in the Republic of
Eurovision has been a political contest since songs are identified by their countries, not singers.
How is their knowledge important in this context?
You can also purchase paper ticket for one ride from the driver (and IIRC at places where you'd normally buy or load cards as well)
And as such, less than 5% of all home break-ins in the US are solved annually.
**Examples:**
Poland is like China of Europe when it comes to groceries, as such it's usually branded goods by multinational cooperations or unprocessed agricultural products that are imported from Poland without advertising the fact much (there was a funny video several years ago, where salespeople at market claim everyone has Polish strawberies, except for them)
Krūšturis - chest holder (bra)
Same in Latvia
It's not like it's a human right to visit Ukraine.
Such a weird place
Not in Riga
Clearly Ushakov is the worst...
It is a very special case, I wouldn't mind having Scotland in, but ultimetely it is to the politicians to decide.
Rīgas balzāms, its a balsam, as the name suggests and many say it tastes like cough syrup
I'm still not used to the fact that now you can walk on the streets of Riga and hear languages that you are not able to understand (meaning, not Latvian, not Russian, not English)
Latvia, has lots of Russians in it.
As a result we don't go too deep into history, politics or specific details of each nation, even big ones.
Well by almost every metric Russia is the most corrupt country in Europe, and then after that it's pretty much Ukraine, Moldova
Well Russia I guess, because they are the ones that give Latvia the most shit about this.
Formaly in pre-school class and by the time I allready had decided I like it and it just came naturally to me
Latvian it's "āmurs" for the normal ones and for the big ones it's "veseris"
No, that's braļukas way, we have -s ending for males and mostly -a or -e for females
Niva still popular out in rural areas
Why would we want Estonians to have six toes like you Latvians do?
If Germany at any point would have told Vienna to chill the fuck off there would be no war unless you think Habsburgs would dare to wage war against Russia and Serbia alone.
Belaz
I've been enjoying buckwheat lately
But to be fair, in universities majority of us has to stick to English materials
From a strategic point of view, since Estonia shares the same threat probability as the rest of NATO, due to the defence alliance, then it shares strategic considerations with the rest of the baltics.
The bride's father was going to that school, and was ill at the time
The difference between being in a federal EU and a British empire, is that the EU sees you as an equal participant, not an unruly subject with the wrong religion, and is willing to provide aid should it be necessary
With agglomerations it is probably closer to 50% in Riga.
In Latvia is compulsory to own flag and fly it on official “flag days” which there are several per year
In Latvia, it's the pronunciation of November (Novembris in Latvian)
not exactly Latvian, but west world
Belarus - Baltkrievija
God fucking dammit
I hate how America exports political correctness.
Nikolaj isn’t even a Latvian name, at least not the way Boyle insists of pronouncing it
Perkele
Thank you for the information, just what I was looking for :)
I am asking why there are Right Sector and Ukrainian flags in your Remembrance Day rally?
I grew up on the south coast of UK where France and Belgium were just a few hours boat ride away
Believe or not, but it's possible to keep your native language and still have English as an official language
It's quite amazing and telling that both Clinton and Trump are very unpopular with a very large part of the population, that they're the most unpopular candidates to run since such polls started, and still end up being the two nominees.
When the French, British, German, Italian industrial, economical interests collide, there is nothing "European" left there.
Same about the Macgyver episode set in Latvia
The Marienkirche alone was the model for several cathedrals across Northern Germany, Poland, Latvia, Estonia, Sweden and Denmark.
Oh so thats the Russian region of Latvia.
Of course a self-respecting Italian would have a pastaport
My family includes Ilgvars, Ilmārs, Skaidra
Don't worry, we have long lost the dream that people would give a fuck about learning Latvian.
He was jailed for two and a half years.
I don't know what it's like now, but there weren't many western tourists at the time.
Džon meid his vej tū a tevrn trū de dārk forest, ounlī tu faind aut det hī forgat de manī.
We may be a puppet state but I'm fine with that
Well maybe we delayed a climate change just a little bit
Kārlis Ulmanis (leader of the provisional government , prime minister and dictator of Latvia and last leader pre ww2)
Same here
The word "ieairē" which would translate as "[you] row it in" was the first that came to mind
A bunch of activities and even more after becoming the pioneer: activity groups of any kind - sports, nature patrol, helping workers and farmers, building radio out of a pencil, wire and a couple of transistors, granade throwing, hikes to god knows where
Are there really people in Britain with first name: Stevie-leigh, Anne-Marie, Bobbi-leigh, Carla-Mae, Demi-rose
Duh
The dark green areas belonged to Estonia and Latvia during the interwar period but became Russian during the Soviet occupation.
Plus there were no reliable information sources, just some occasional radiotransmissions from the West and rare cases of individual contacts with Chinese who would want to share anything about it
More like letting colonies colonize you.
Fake stories) In the end the government was forced to have a referendum if we should build it or no.
Wait no, this is an Estonian joke about Latvians.
When in France, I start every conversation with "Bonjour", and often ask "parlez-vous anglais" if there's any doubt about that, and even though that's about 90% of my French knowledge, people have been polite with me, even in Paris.
Thank friend
Is sad reality in Latvia
Of course you can buy it in old-fashioned way too
] He got there due to being "recognized by his superiors for his work in pursuing, arresting, and liquidating Russian sailors after the Bolshevik suppression of the Kronstadt rebellion in March 1921".
History of Latvia goes a lot deeper, as there is less total stuff to cover, while the other has to go over a lot of stuff.
it wasnt any better under Lenin either, its just that it was such a clusterfuck at first you couldnt understand what it was or wasnt
There are more words that could be used in Swedish as "please" depending on context.
I don't remember which year this was but I'm still mad and fail to see the reasoning behind this decision
As far as I remember the official stance of Russia is that it was just a bad management issue.
The existence of UKIP implies a lack of independence within the EU for the UK, and we're even deeper in it
I don't know about Latvia and how socialist your redistribution system is.
For instance in Latvia, there's "refugee status" and "alternative status", based on EU rules, people running away from war would actually get the latter.
But we are technically about as Slavic as Norwegians, Swedes or Austrians...
How about regional power with nukes?
Turned out Novuss, very popular game in Latvia is in fact Latvian-Estonian invention (similar games known in some other Nothern European countries though) and hardly ever heard anywhere else
Actually trollis is also abreviation of trolleybus in Latvian slang.
NATO bombing : Human Rights Watch estimate: 489–528 civilians
What's up with the blue segments on Latvia and Estonia?
But don't you want more Russians emigrating to Latvia?
I bet there are more Russian speakers in Latvia than Bulgaria.
Liepāja could be a potential candidate, but it’s too small and far from the rest of the country to match Rīga
* Māris is poor and can afford to eat only cabbage
Our nouns have 7 grammatical cases: nominative, genitive, dative, accusative, instrumental, locative and vocative
70kg more per person than in Latvia
''Pretend they can play ice hockey'' oy!
Don't get cocky or I'll take your potato and give it to Latvia!
Central, northern, easthern
Should be just in time for people starting their day then
Cold: 4C and less
A "quick" overview of the Baltics
I don't think you'd see much active resistance against lesbians marrying, since who doesn't like them?
Having to go through 27 factions for approval for them to do what they want will be too much.
Why would you try to be Latvian, they are the least Baltic out of all two Baltics.
you are always the Fashist
1 channel lost its position a decade ago
Russia is by far the most important country in that region and thus good relations with Russia should be much higher on the agenda than Romania, Estonia and Lativa when it comes to realpolitik.
I think you need to float your island farther south then
Latvian Defense ministry apologizes to man assaulted by British soldiers in lieu of British officials
Where do those immigrants mainly come from?
So then others oppose helping them via welfare and think that these people, too, can prosper if they just try harder.
What's a realistic worse scenario then?
Latvia seems to be invaded by Russian.
There’s no other option than Rīga
Finland needs those tanks more than you do anyway
Mutated sprats will then take over Latvia.
There aren't any countries in Europe that I definitely do not want to visit, but there are a few that I am not especially interested in, at least currently.
She answered the question of "What is wrong with the climate" with "Everything". She literally has no fucking idea what she wants
10€ A good meal in a bistro (self service) type restaurant
Lithuanian didn't change much because it was mainly spoken by rural people of Lithuanian proper, since Polish language over took Lithuanian nobility after Union of Lublin.
those French soldiers are there to make sure Russia does not attack......because if they do, they will kill those soldiers, thus automatically force France to declare war on Russia.
Never looked at the Baltic states aside from Latvia.
Yeah, and a certain someone doesn't want to pay back what damage the USSR did to certain republics.
To a degree it's even more creepy because it's routine and at least highschoolers don't take it that seriously, so it's just automatic...
I was just about to ask OP why he killed the cat
Granted, that was some 20 years ago, so some things might have changed (probably less notebooks and homework being done via internet and all that), but I still haven't heard anything about things being colour-coded
In Ireland, for instance, "gypsies" usually refers to the Irish Travellers, an ethnic group that leads a nomadic lifestyle and is possibly not related to the Roma people at all.
Mostly not and, as allready demonstrated here, they themselves complitely lack awarness of it, that's what's so annoying
There aren't, and you do not particularly sound like a moderate to me.
10 minutes walk there and back
The singing revaluation (1980s) started In Estonia but later spread to the rest
But no Russian
Honestly, I once drive with my parents and the police stopped us
Most of you speak the same language
If you're anyone in a low-paid service job, you're fucked - your pay sucks anyway, but you don't even know if you'll have a job the day after.
Steam and other services made stealing obsolete
One of the pseudohistories they have came up with is that these few thousand Latvians who fought for the Red Army are responsible for installing communism in 150+ million Russia.
I love rye bread sandwiches with meat, cucumber, cheese, ketchup and mayonnaise
Austria and Spain are in Schengen.
probably the only time Russia had a opportunity to talk shit about Swedes
What's a point of prolonging the hearing by arguing if it was provided by Russia or not.
It's a herbal liquor that's quite bitter, but sugary at the same time
It's very convenient to have Norway and Switzerland instead of the Kingdom of Norway and the Swiss Confederation.
I was studying during USSR falling apart, so it was very interesting mix of views :) But mainly we studied prerequisites, invasion to Poland and whole Eastern front in details
Gibt es etwas (Außer dem Autobahn) das Deutschland macht besser als die anderen
But there are many thing that could be done to improve the situation
By 2040 there will be 1200 km of autobahns across all of Latvia
I'm just here sitting with popcorn and laughing at all of this
Maybe you feel safer in Latvia because that's your home but statistics do say that France is much safer on average.
If you wanted to be an agressive dictatorship/oligarchy/theocracy then yeah.
Neither EU nor Ukraine will be able to handle that.
I never voted for something which would hurt Latvia.
Lived in many different parts of Riga, while it's light out it's nice and everyone usually minds their own business,  when it gets dark there are some places that you shouldn't go to, old town and city centre is usually safe, in some parts it's quite dead at night, where I currently live I can hear some illegal racing between 00:00 and 04:00
Yes we do, it really means a lot to us that you recognized us as a state
Well there were at least two sources for the news to go by: the firemen stated that they didn't know how much if anything they could save, and I seem to recall that the curch representatives came out with some pretty grim predictions
....a very convenient terror attack....
If you want to learn Latvian, the first step would be to forget every language you've ever known
Can confirm, easily one of the least football-interested countries in Europe, and one of the worst at it.
I would say that some countries had essentially no representation in the election, when turnouts were 20% or below.
it sort of does
She is essentially a Russian agent making decisions for the European Union, and we're just letting that happen to us
There's no way the Syrian war hasn't turned into (another) proxy war between the US & allies vs Russia & allies, as well as a testing ground for new weapons.
If the sport stars' money was taxed and split amongs scientists they probably wouldn't see the difference
They risked their lives during barricades alongside with ethnic Latvians
I read the comments but I rarely see any Latvian comments
I also don't know the spelling, but the meaning of the title is sweet
let's see if I can get anything right
Putekļsūcējs - dust sucker (vacuum cleaner)
for some reason seems disgusting to me
We call it “Jāņi”
I've been a happy Swedbank client for years now: heavy presence in Baltics, low fees, great customer support, a lot of branch offices and ATM's all over the place, good internet bank.
I don't have a license and walk to work
Which one is deep fried Mars bars
We dont do that here
One of the most beautiful riverside landscapes was destroyed and went underwater to power the expansion of the capital with ugly soviet block buildings for foreign soviet workers to live in under the USSR
Ich immer noch lerne die Sprache, und deshalb mache viele Fehler
First day that it was hot as hell was a confusing one
I dount nou vat tu talk abaut aizer
Fun fact, Christmas in Latvian is "Ziemassvētki" which directly translates as "Winter celebration", a remainder of our pagan past
There's a girl's name Santa here.
I'm pretty sure there were only white people's in Russia's Empire's Finland.
Yes, Hatari were amazing and that is exactly how I started learning more about Iceland and it became my favorite country
Belgium itself is the evidence that multi-ethnic states fail.
Either party can terminate the arrangement for no particular reason (not possible in a normal contract situation), but there's still a one-month notice period (which in America would be long even for a permanent position).
The noun is "špikeris" and the verb is "špikot".
I remember feeling really weird, because I both felt at home and in a foreign place at the same time.
Aside from cheekiness about Canada, the US is too big a country to cover even the most important things on one trip.
The same USA that has annual massacres due to shootings?
Its been an official and standard policy of Finnish state since its very creation more than 100 years ago (it has never been canceled since then)
A quick search online shows that you can apply for an IDP in person, for a fee of 15$, at an American Automobile Association office or the National Automobile Club, and that the process is fast if you apply in person.
They cannot explicitly force you to do it, nor is it forbidden by law to have such a sticker
We would totally suck German dick if they would have an army capable of keeping Russians at bay.
It's not, but in my experience people who oppose nuclear power don't care about that.
But sure, we are the mini-Russia.
O_o While I was a kid living with my parents my mother bought mostly bagged milk.
Latvian "red's" were at the center of the Russian Civil War and took up various positions of power in the USSR afterwards
Latvians are hungry for potato only on reddit.
There is Biblical saying "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak".
They are in planes and kinda in a way.
It's not, whataboutism is when people are talking bad about Russia or whatever and someone comes along asking "But what about this vaguely, but not really, simmilar thing your country or it's allies once did?" Here OP brought up this strategy used in certain context, someobody argued that it's valid comparison and then the person you replay to said that it's not - it's all entirely on topic
Latvian National Alliance to propose legislative amendments that may result in suspension of Riga mayor
Latgalian is a literary language based on different set of subdialects than the official literary Latvian and that's exactly what it is recognised and protected as, the only other language protected by law is Livonian, Russian and Lithuanian and anything else are just foreign languages that don't get any special status.
Well, the Latvian town of Valka has its train station in Valga, but that's not what I'd consider a direct link between Estonia and Latvia.
It's no big deal for a naked person to be shown on daytime TV, or to have some nudity in advertising, or whatever.
The dukes of France had almost as much independence as sovereign states, with the French king being the "first among equals", until eventually centralising around Paris
Pls no, salty Eesti tears will make our clay unusable and then there indeed will be no potato and we will need to seek refuge in UK and it will push them to make up their mind and brexit and EU will collapse and Russia and ISIS will invade
I'm such a tea drinker that I might as well be British, except I do not put
Such messages might have been influencing the ban as well - interesting.
I'm sorry for generalizing, I should have made it clear that by 'you' I did not mean all Estonians, but only those who share you opinion about "not falling for Nazi occupation could have been bad".
We call it "bean language" (bean = pupa in Latvian
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia have always been referred to as Baltic nations.
Like it's not easy to make hot tap water with low temperature district heating, which raises risk of water-born patogens
But that's bullshit
Later when Eastern Europe was already in NATO and in EU, France and Germany blocked any initiatives for establishing permanent NATO bases there.
The EU Commission is not that powerful, Juncker is less powerful than the leaders of Germany, UK or France, which stand out as the three most powerful states in the EU.
It definitely primarily depends on what you intend to do, but I think the two choices that are by far the best are German or Spanish.
&#x200B;
And thanks for pointing out that there is an issue with political representation in general
That's because it's also a question of EU fund implemetation.
You're always going to find grunts, but grunts without guns is useless.
This doesn't happen to me probably because English is very different from Latvian but sometimes when I start to analyze my native language it seems very weird
So because you don't get the absolutely lowest prices of anyone, it's not really viable?
R.I.P Norwegian bros
Why is a Latvian in Latvia not able to communicate with some other Latvians?
So the entire southern Wales knew someone whose kid died in that
Russians have to be loyal to Latvia first, and Latvians have to accept that we cannot undo the population transfers of the mid-20th century.
Are all those NATO forces in Latvia to protect us or is it the other way around?
on the right hand side under [Submit link] [Submit text post]
Edit: i think they promised until 2040 for all trains to be up and moving
A day trip to Tallinn, an overnight stay in Latvia or a two night trip (or an exhausting overnight trip) to Lithuania, you do the math
Probably many of our old, Baltic-origin names, even though some may also exist in Lithuania.
As opposed to ancestors of Latvians and Estonians who for around 700 years partially or completely have lived in the same country
Don't know this one, but when I was a kid we had a French cartoon every Saturday morning but I forgot it's name.
(how's it going)--->kapa iepiet
I get your Grandma thing
And most of "polish groceries" here are called "local groceries".
Or WW1 when Latvia fought for its independence from first the Russian empire, then the Germans, then the Soviets, and then the remnants of the destroyed German army, all in the span of 2 years
*Suddenly Latvians start anti Irish campaign, economy expected to grow by 100%*
> Beautiful (but very demanding) girls
Does Latvian language is the only one that has that?
Kinda but opposite - they can start whenever they want, but they dont want to.
Official symbols such as coats of arms.
1 dead and 6 injured, 2 with minor wounds
It's already a swamp, how much more water can it get
Spekmaizes
No kurienes jūs esat
No, just the future of Latviakind.
Fake chicken
Hot: 30C or more
And this says most data maps results, not a measure of democracy
So, today we celebrate this turning point, while the end of WWI is put in the background
(hopo's' ipit gopoiping)
Hate does not mean Latvians want to **attack** Russia.
Or, as many outside of Finland say, Finland doesn't exist at all
It's not my recent discovery but from times I was a teenager
It's all flexible and nobody keeps track, you go by feeling
- prepare three envelopes
if it weren't for the signs you literally wouldn't even notice that you've entered a different country
Starting a company sounds pretty cool tho
Holocaust wasnt supported or endorsed by 99,9% of the population
I guess the closest thing would be the so called "landguards" where you do and help with all kinds of army stuff except, from what I understand, you still count as a civilian and you don't have to be 18 years of age to get accepted, also ofc you don't get paid I think
Most of our time is spent on arguing whether Latvians have six toes or five with three in the front and two in the back.
Someone should put some stars on that blue banner, maybe in a circle
in Latvian, but it is referencing newspaper archives, so pretty solid, even if page looks weird.
We have one chain called Lido which kinda does that thing, they aren't so cheap as they used to be
Depends of course mostly on the forum/website.
Our language is basically what you get if you take the ancient proto-indo-european and replace roughly two thirds of the vocabulary with German
aaand they own the biggest chunk of the world's clay
November 2013
Also surprised how little +40 people are here, some good political insights come from +-20 year olds
But I guess it's a thing in most of the countries.
Atrā palīdzība - the quick help (ambulance)
How does she maintain practice in so many
1 - viens
Thats like saying all Red army units and soldiers were ''Communists'', they were not for that same principle, you did as you are told and nobudy asked or cared if you ''believed in Lenin and his ideology''
I don't see why - cancer is usually associated with burning or smoking food, but this is normally done in low temperature near ground or with them burried in ash where there's little smoke, plus you can wrap them in tin foil for protection
That means our language is closer to Polish not Russian.
I personally think that zoning laws are fundamentally a bad idea and have caused way more problems than they prevented
Love the little "oh" from Latvia and Lithuania after Estonia explains his black line
You go to an army surplus store
It's a complicated issue, and to be called something you dislike is insulting.
Yeah, for example - Latvia lost 37 % of population, as result of WWI, from 2 552 000 (in 1914) to 1 596 131 (in 1920).
there is a difference between actual reporting on legit true stories like US war in Iraq......and just making stuff up from thin air, such as Russian media claiming ''Kiev is run by Fascists'' and so on.
Mašīna - machine (car)
Technically it's a distinct sound articulated between k and t.
I know in Latvia they are building the Baltic Rail to unite the Baltics with central Europe and I've definitely heard about train projects all over Europe to connect to the bigger countries
Well, you've black listed like 500 Russian "cultural figures"
When you cook it properly at home, it's actually quite good
- blame your predecessors;
lol, those idiots are getting picked off like flies.....I guess Kremlin doesnt need them anymore
The bit about Latvian being the exclusive language doesn't help either
[1890-1915]–_1915:_Arhitektūra)
That's admirable and incredibly stupid at the same time
A mechanised infantry battalion with M2 Bradley troop carriers and M1 Abrams tanks will have a foothold in the Romanian and Bulgarian region, whilst Brigade headquarters will remain in Poland, along with an armoured cavalry unit and a field artillery battalion wielding self-propelled M109 Paladin howitzers.[24]
When the state encourages them to integrate by offering them lessons in Latvian and encourages them to go through the naturalization process of becoming a Latvian citizen and they outright refuse it, it's them who are at fault for refusing to integrate, not Latvia.
I've bought fries and burgers that have been ready for longer than 30 min
I didn't use any folders and nothing was colour-coded
Pretty sad
It will be easier for whiter looking people, but not impossible.
Wealthfare model from the Nordic countries and a stable nordic government with no corruption and a vision for the future
You are welcome
In Berlin, you don't have to live a 50 minute ride from the center to keep your expenses to a reasonable level.
well surely if someone tries to resist peaceful and prefect Soviet union, they must be some kind of fahists sympathizers, there's just no other way someone with do such a thing  /s
Jackbooted thugs rouse you from your slumber and drag you by the scruff of the neck to the nearest polling station
- Ilgvars (The One-Who-Can-Do-(It)-Long :D)
Thanks and let me improve that for you
Before WW2, our army’s main insignia was the swastika (represented thunder or power in Latvian mythology) so when the Soviets occupied Latvia, they mistook our planes for German planes, and so there was a lot of friendly fire at the beginning, until the swastikas were painted over
[Here's Putin answering that exact question.]
-Estonian
I have driven both manual and automatic and, my God, automatic is such a pleasure to drive.
They don't have any understanding of climate change, and very certainly a lot less than your average governing body
Wasted another 3 hours reading those stupid Latvian jokes
Whether okroshka is made on kvass base or kefir base
In my opinion extreme poverty and underdevelopment is at fault
aww man
A lot of Lithuanians were able to speak good polish as well.
Mitigating these fluctuations is a very tough problem now, and will become even greater problem in the future
Will it try to strong-arm Britain from formerly leaving the EU?
Regarding the benefits Germany received
My best friend is Finnish and I've yet to hear that one
"Dream Team 1935" is a great movie and really well made.
What acctualy is uncommon here is Cyprus, Malta, Greece, Luxembourg, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia and obviously the microstates
Russia could stop building Iran's nuclear program.
Latvian language is full of Germanisms
Well, I hope this subreddit doesn't turn into another /r/futurology, better known as universal-income-sub.
Welcome, Bulgaria
Most people I know don't even have credit cards despite paying most things by card.
Never seen a religious billboard in my life
Like an inverted status quo
None really
Germany and the Netherlands make up the majority I'm pretty sure.
Icebreakers take 50m to south too for estonia!
Ich immer noch lerne die Sprache, und will in der Zukunft da leben
So that's why Latvia cannot into potato then.
We all learn in english, share code and knowledge with documentation, tutorials, books
Also, grades 5-12 we have a sepperate subject to learn our language (grammar, syntax, etc) and a sepperate subject for literature as a whole
My native language is Russian and I consider English to be by far the easiest language to learn out of all languages that I encountered
They will bankrupt or will go abroad
Yes, the trejdeksnis, as portrayed in the comedy TV series Community episode "Conspiracy Theories and Interior Design":
Yup
Such things usually were discussed whispering somewhere far from anyone and anything
That's acctually not the case - every ingridient in food is approved regardless of how it is marked on packaging and not all substances that have been assigned E number are approved for use in food
But due to the Soviet occupation, their lifetime was finally way shorter than the ones of my grandparents.
Me and the brothers are always trying to convince her to throw out or give away at least some of that junk
Seriously, why do you need those
Also, why didn't the Soviets give Kaliningrad to Lithuania like how they gave a lot of eastern Germany to Poland?
Northern, Eastern, who gives a shit what label anyone wants to put on it, we’re here on the map, done
Grandpa was like that, when he dies we found he was stacking "just in case" non-perishables for years, well into break up of USSR, all because of the 32-33 famine in USSR
The Russians I know who are really bad at English tend to omit articles way too much
You should finish minimum 20 academic hours (which is 45 minutes) of practice (before 1st of Nov it was only 14 academic hours).
Our government is not drugging up our boys so that they might win medals.
But the good stuff American military has done in these last 60 something years is frequently overlooked, because it's not as interesting as bad shit.
It's only about some tweets she did, she's still immune from investigation about those fake jobs.
Spanish adults are drunk at home not in the street
I don't know of any such part in Latvian history.
wow a concrete and glass building to make people feel despressed omg
It's a bit hidden
Why the hell are such things kept in Moscow?
New laws completely fucked small business owners and part time jobs.
I only have a small sample size, but in Helsinki/Espoo I didn't encounter people who couldn't understand Swedish, though some definitely preferred to speak in English and not Swedish.
The main event is on the 24th, you would normally go and visit family on the 25th and 26th
Stop being such cowards and imagining Russia as wild beast that can't control it's impulses.
We play scratch, bite and kick my hand until it bleeds.
She continues to complain about her ridiculously oversized luggage, about how her boyfriend is stranding her in some shithole in nowhere, that no one around them even speaks Russian so she can't even ask for help because we're all too stupid to understand Russian
Do not forget that close to 1/4 of population in Latvia are Russians.
Nej, [Cock] + burn = [Cobron] + [skans]
Most country jokes here in Latvia either involve Russia (who frankly doesn’t give two shits about us), or Lithuania, the good old drunk Latvians with socks in their mouths who are in denial :)
No, before WW2, the latvian army was very barebones, purely defensive, and what i meant was, when latvia was invaded, and later attacked by the germans, the small amount of planes we had, were called into battle, but some of them experienced friendly fire, due to their insignia being similar to german insignia
I'm more inclined to answer none
I tried posting mine but sadly instagram links get removed here
By that I mean that a person who speaks Latvian, knows the ins and outs of the history and culture, and is seen as a good person, will be accepted as Latvian regardless of origin.
It has always been considered a staple of quality here
It was important part of our culture in olden days, because back then it was just normal hygene, now it's fairly popular, but not to point that everyone has to have it
Latvia — some weird mix between the two
WHAT
Current tradition is to stuff yourself with pancakes around this time.
I can't understand 99% of what they are saying, the translations and pronunciations are all wrong
There is a legitimate discussion buried under these insults, don't throw the baby out with the bathwater
This thread has been very confusing and/or enlightening
Everyone knows that Latvia is the only legitimate successor of Roman Empire
[Riga FC] has good looking logo
I'm all up for EU passports, but you cannot imagine how much the rest of the world would fight to delay them being implemented.
In the process of the war a substantial number of Latvian riflemen retreated along with the Russian 12th Army, after the [German offensive against Riga in 1917] later, following further German offensives in 1918, retreating from the territory of Latvia completely
If you ask me personally, then my answer would be very boring
Yes we do, it really means a lot to us that you recognized us as a state
we've been through mostly the same shit together
Was surprised as well
Mostly just the introduction of the Euro
They're plentiful in Latvia and still populated.
I'm a neutral Latvian and I didn't read the article because I have a hangover.
Pretty awesome in my book
They even refuse to help Ukraine with some arms for Ukrainians to protect themselves.
That's in a lot of languages
I’m bad at being a Latvian: I can’t sing, I don’t tend to the cemetery, my room is not laid out according to *āderes* but I do believe that *caurvējš* can get you sick
Ukraine because there's a lot of Russians in Latvia with Ukrainian heritage, and a lot of Latvians with Ukrainian heritage for that matter
Estonia is like 50/50 for me I would call it both
And, of course, the obvious things like education, healthcare, credit etc
Ok, one obviously does not build a bridge for a river over a river just for shits and giggles
There is no lith pic, there's only a lithuania/Latvia mix.
It's weird I was in the Netherlands in 2017, and when I shopped in local Jumbo the price for a bottle of water was 1
For real, it's eaten almost every day, but we've got alternatives
The Balkans are classified as south-eastern
A third\*
Latvian awakening was powered by Latvian people who were studying in Moscow and Peterburg.
Poland looks like coal paradise
The Balkans are not as horrible, as being portrayed everywhere
*Jenķi* is common enough in Latvian as a slang term for Americans.
- Saulcerīte ( The-One-Who-Hopes-For-Sun)
Please, don't curse it
This is a bit tricky question
I remember reading a story that they packed shotguns in case of meeting bears after landing
r/blessedimages
Forced to choose between Germany and Russia, they have chosen Germany, because they seek co-operation with western civilization.
Maybe some setup with the federal EU and vassal states.
But after a set date if there are valid complains about different generic Nutellas in Germany and generic Nutellas in Latvia EU should majorly fuck up whoever owns the Nutella brand to instill some fear of God in the hearts of these scumbags.
This would be my perspective, as it is objectively better for the country and politics.
And russia has 4500 of those in storage.
In Latvia is compulsory to own flag and fly it on official “flag days” which there are several per year
It feels good to be here
For example roughly one third of population of Latvia was against independence of Latvia.
My mom (in her mid 60's) has a serious hording problem
Then you have time to take a walk along the harbour, and check out Amalienborg and Rosenborg.
I just hope it's kinda like teenage rebellion phase in US politics, that soon things will go back to normal.
1991 USSR collapses independence secured start of a lot of political and economic instability crime and corruption rampet
the scent of Soviet block is still clearly visible
For a one-room apartment to yourself, it would be maybe 7000 SEK on the outskirts of the city, and 10 000 or over for central Stockholm.
If I talk to my english speaking latvian friends about *anything* (especially computers), I'll at some point just start talking half latvian, half english.
Are you becoming Germans in Slovakia?
Highest point in this contrie isnt even 300m high
Both of them start at the end of the ice age and go to the modern day.
I did (or my alt - did) concerning buses no May day :)
Consider how it's going to play out in practice - the victim reaches out for help, but since it's criminal offense only, if it's a repeat offence, all authorities can do is give the offender minor punishment, which is likely to piss them off and take it out on the victim, which baisically means that victims will be even less likely to seek help
Germany is always associated with Hitler anyways
A lot of ways to divide (and at the same time unite) Estonia and Latvia
And near the Latvian border the hill of crosses.
Of course it was Nazi creation and commanded
On funny level we say that there's soap, when there's a big trouble and call situations and things that are hard to comprehend, and sometimes troubling, butter
I think recreational shooting is popular Worldwide, so I doubt anyone pays much attention to what Americans are doing in particular.
Currently Russia is achieving this 100% certainty by clandestine-military means but in Minsk it agreed to swap it over to the means of constitutional reform in Ukraine where regions will be able to block NATO.
Especially the pissing was completely disrespectful.
ye, especially when most dragon depictions for Latvians is ones who can fly, so I kinda see that addition as redundant as well
Software developer communities are generally not localized
Might be because Canadian and Australian monarchies are protestant ones, with the monarch having ultimate sovereignty over the church, whereas Spain is Catholic, the church's sovereignty is in Vatican
Will the story be the same when ethic Russian rebels in Latvia meet resistance from the local government and Russia swoops in to save their poor compatriots by taking a chunk from the country?
They did provide the equipment and software needed, plus for most part we had group works anyway
Considering that Republic of Latvia is one of the few countries not guilty of war, imperialism, genocide, ethnic cleansing and other exciting pastimes I sure do hope so.
Sure, Hofreiter is a weirdo and a horrible speaker but not a bad guy either.
I'm just here sitting with popcorn and laughing at all of this
Piracy is using something without paying
Nazis couldn't rise to power without popular support from the general public.
Technically you can't make complete air coverage from UK/France unless you're using some kind of air infrastructure.
Today we celebrate our victory over Russian-German army that secured our independence in 1919.
Certainly not - people are also fine with hunters, and with some licensed private security being armed, and the ability of most private citizens to also get a gun after a licensing process.
For certain people, a society is "corrupt" only if a policeman asks you for twenty bucks to not give you a speeding fine.
Instead of coming up with those band-aid bills, they should instruct (and perhaps give additional funding to) prosecutor's office to prosecute these people.
The look on her face when she finally shut up, for the first time since boarding the bus, and realised that we had understood everything she was saying, was priceless
South Africa
They were kinda neutral as in they worked both sides, like deporting refugees back to the Soviet Union and its controlled territories where they were promptly disposed of
I'd say not that much
So I'm guessing it's common for Latvians to be able to read Estonian/Lithuanian/Polish?
Hardly, there is no "offer you cant refuse".
Baltics stick together
Would they insist on both getting elected in some capacity?
I never said I skip work, I can work from home.
Well, the same pattern does, but it was used by Latvian students in Tartu, who popularized it among Latvians.
I look up where their hotel is on our map, and walk over with my girlfriend who proceeds to explain to them, in Russian, that their hotel isn't too far to walk and give them directions
But even if they were, I'd pick English
And you need a visa to go to Russia.
But if Putin's looking for recommendations it would probably be the Latgale region it has its own language and culture plus it houses the largest Russian minority outside of Riga I believe
Sure, Euro 2016 is in the news occasionally, and people will have heard of it unless they ignore all sports completely, but it's not like there's an atmosphere or anything.
I don't believe that was something done often, though, and It's not allowed to change national sides of Euro coins, except for monarchies that need to show how their leader currently looks, I don't see why they would allow it with banknotes that are much more valuable
They must have mixed you up with Switzerland
I'm from Latvia
But again, the Greens haven't been clear on what they expect.
Spain may not impose such restrictions upon you.
Latvians wear socks with sandals to hide their sixth toe.
Usually /r/europe loves news articles about Russia's meddling, and usually /r/europe considers Deutsche Welle to be an OK source.
They claimed they love potatoes more than us, we couldn't just not do anything
And it was wartime, so the half of Latvia not occupied by Germans was under control of the 12th army.
Estonia leading, having relatives from north, Lithuania still bragging around how cool they were in the middle ages, having hate-love stepbrother relations with Poland, and Latvia ...
But yeah, we eat that sometimes
I can understand maybe one in 10 words in Lithuanian
I wonder if people who produce lies so cynical are mentally healthy
I wish them all the luck possible
Going there this spring (along the Adriatic from Dubrovnik to Venice).
Secession, EU membership, presidential elections (US/France style), whatever.
No, but your regime probably does, so if it's an arrest then it indicates that something is wrong with the country, not just criminal activity, plus if it is criminal activity by police force that is not sanctioned/controled by the regime then maybe things have gone even worse than before
1€ 1L of milk
I know old people like that
Happy cake day
Also, shower thought: you already live on an island
According to this map, your country is part of the ocean.
I don't really know anything about the Balkan wars beyond that they happend I the Balkans
Thank you for that, I did not know there was still such a wide variety of finno-ugric languages left
I get that they where outnumbered and outgunned and its easy for me to be all righteous sitting in my cozy office job, but in this occasion there was no alternative to courage, just shame
I would like to add that I don't agree with the downvoters, and while I don't quite agree to your stance, you do raise some valid points and realistically those would be serious issues.
Well it won't make us feel closer to each other because we literally speak English with anyone in Europe.
If they wanted French or German terrorists could drive there now.
Also, shower thought: you already live on an island
Yes, it's televised and people care.
Latvia is sending in their tank as well, so be prepared!
There's the Nordic Council, and Scandinavians would (rightly) note that the Nordic countries are economically stronger than the EU average, and with less inequality between them.
Wikipedia further explains that their intent was to deal with issues of self-government among soldiers and represent soldier's to leadership of 12th army.
The Coast of Northern Kurzeme is one of the main ones, since it has very few villages on the way and most of the forests there have been untouched in decades
Ich immer noch lerne die Sprache, und deshalb mache viele Fehler
Parriah, opposed in each and every endeavour by most of the World in the face of feverish arms race where shitless scared and angered West is bound to win.
people of Latvia
Nobody, I think it's really boring tradition and how would you even choose, which eight are the most important from dozens of influental people and manage to pick such that everyone will agree that those are the ones that deserve the honour?
National TV has some shows about religion/religous events, I don't watch, but I assume it's about mainstream Christianity, not televangelism and other cultist crap.
"Maukas lohi" in Finnish means "tasty salmon", in Latvian "Slut loser" lmao
If you wanna talk to someone just DM me
The national
So now we celebrate the soldiers whose lives were thrown into the meat grinder (by the tsar) that was the eastern front of WW1, and we celebrate the soldiers that defended Latvias newfound independence from Germans and Russians
Some conquerors are better than others, though
Instead of spamming three different threads - let's centralize.
I always buy both one fresh and one UHT
It's certainly not impossible, but it wouldn't make much sense to a human used to procedural programming, essentially a neuron takes a number and changes it or relays it to a different neuron and so on.
Yes, it was a minor feature in housekeeping class, a subject I really hated
Nope - there's a reason why a trip to Siberia was so shitty.
What you are arguing is that woman often don't get into that equal position and so it's not really a pay gap its something-else-gap.
the Latvian and Estonian legions, and simplifying to ''hurr durr nahzees'' level.
Did The-Gateway-To-France send them any memo
I was confused too
Not the Welsh though
Perfect: 10-20 C
Basically, he misspoke a lot and at one point called the Song festival (dziesmu svētki) - "Christmas" (Ziemassvētki),  the wind blew away his notes, and at one point just honestly said: "I'm sorry, I'm very nervous
Latvian, Estonian banks named in Council of Europe corruption scandal
In Latvia, there is still a good chance to stumble to something
But that's not meant in a classist way, it's more of a "lol this dude got saggy triceps lmao"
Some alcohol is smuggled over the border, but thats cheap stuff for lumpens living near border.
A day trip to Tallinn, an overnight stay in Latvia or a two night trip (or an exhausting overnight trip) to Lithuania, you do the math
Also, no wonder that Riga is called the Pearl of the Baltic Sea.
Instead it reminds me of a bunch of schoolkids who don't ever feel the joke's enough.
I also don't know how you can go so long without online purchases, I've been buying online more and more and it's amazing compared to traditional shopping.
"Tourist taxes" may be nation-wide (Croatia) or regional (Rome, Catalonia), but in all cases it's a tax on the use of a hotel or other accommodation.
Latvian has the stress always on the first syllable while Lithuanian has a mobile stress system where it changes from word to word
''good neighbors'' don't do that
Pretty much any Copenhagen travel guide should be helpful.
*Sees latvia on the list*
And I fear the West discarding us like a wet sock the moment one idiot Russian teen in Latgale decides that living in a quasi-Russian state would be better than a European Union country.
And so I'm constantly trying to figure out whether they are speaking English and I don't understand for some reason or German, and then I'm like "oh wait, Dutch".
At least Putin is somewhat predictable and it's unlikely that he's going to attempt an invasion into a NATO country
If the card doesn't have a PIN, it probably still has an EMV chip, but it's simply not programmed to ask for a code.
Most country jokes here in Latvia either involve Russia (who frankly doesn’t give two shits about us), or Lithuania, the good old drunk Latvians with socks in their mouths who are in denial :)
No, they didn't. Pirates are pieces of shit
I wonder how close we are to one another rn haha
It is River of Māra in the Arkādijas parks, am I right?
The old architecture is pretty cool but the further you go from the centre, the trashier it gets
I wonder how much will it take for all the recent Arab/African migrants...
A small town with 1000 people will not be especially far from another such town, or from a decently-sized city.
It takes longer to drive from Seattle to Miami, than it does to drive from Portugal to Tallinn, Estonia.........dip your toe in the water, then drive to Warsaw.
And guess what ? those cars don't have to pay import tax
Nope
It was mostly conservative, but I thought at the time we needed some of those policies, as Russia had put too much pressure on our politics that had to be relieved.
The Latvian President mostly has minor powers, but also some significant emergency powers.
Freedom of movement is essentially about two things: ease of entering the country (no visas, no stamping passports, recognition of national ID cards), and not requiring people to obtain a permit to stay/work.
There was one about cows of Europe and one about some household items (pans?) too.
i'm fucking dying send help
Smh
Even refugees don't want to stay there.
Which so weird, cause the Italians had the best rifles in WWI, they started standardising on an excellent rifle for both infantry and cavalry, which was new
If it was just the belt without the rest, I would say it was definitely Latvian, from "swastikas" and the interlocked moon symbols to the colour scheme, but I've seen other pieces of traditional Slavic clothing featuring the same symbols.
In the NPT all nuclear powers promised to work towards a world free of these weapons.
So his options would be - a bullet to the head, siberia or gulags.
If your wishes would to come true, you will be in a very bad position, because your survival would depend on the willingness of the western countries to exchange nuclear strikes with Russia in order to help you.
Well, one should also take into account the market and sources
With increasing automatisation it is no longer a case.
Vāvere
Autobahn - 130 km/h limit
They are dispersed, though not nearly evenly
I’ve been to that Pret a lot
Survivors guilt is a real thing even for helpless civilians, but what if you are armed soldier with a task to protect the people being slaughtered
Who knows, maybe a successful Rail Baltica would accelerate the cooperation and build trust between our governments.
Latvian here, I don't want any NATO soldiers here, most definitely don't feel any need for them.
Fuck blizzard
We haven't learned this because it was new stuff at the time
Er, well that part surely isn’t open to interpretation
All while these countries were under illegal occupation.
You have to get a license to even get a gun and have a good reason for it
True, but Latvia and Russia are not friendly.
The only negative back then was that they were against Euro as money, and I thought it didn't matter as they wouldn't be able to stop the change to Euros anyway.
5 years isn't tremendous, but it's still something.
I've been to Russia, Latvia, Czechia, Austria, Italy, Estonia, and Finland.
A person called an Asian-American in the USA would be just seen as an American here and treated exactly like any American, hyphen or not.
AM norāda, ka šie ir tikai atsevišķu personu izraisīti incidenti, kas pelna viennozīmīgu nosodījumu un saukšanu pie atbildības.
**Grammar** \- Difficult for almost anyone (maybe except Lithuanians)
Funny, because while the max speed is 110, we have no roads to have it
Ah, if it's not my favourite method of learning about the culture of my fellow Europeans - through a pile of delicious pastries
They have a bad reputation in Latvia.
Perfect example of how it could work.
People have bought out all of the face masks, yet I have not seen a single person with a face mask
Oh jeez, I feel you
It uses the word "tauta", which has ethnic and linguistic connotations
Ford Focus from 1
The former is "narrow gauge railroad" and the latter is kinda non-sensical ("dwarves of the glass shed"), it's not really used for anything
That said, I believe we can co-exist with the right laws in place in our country, like learning Latvian mandatory
*Calling the Italian mob*
The only official language is Latvian.
Just don't do it
I prefer playing games and watch movies in English, since translations are not always accurate and sometimes it seems weird not sure why
Juris Alunāns ( one of the starters of the young Latvian movement  created the foundation for modern latvian, created new Latvian words and degermanized the language)
Nevertheless, one reactor won't suffice for the whole Baltics.
The combined powers of aquaduct and viaduct
Your country would be bankrupt by now without help from this "mafia".
Weird, I've drinked beers in front of municipal's all the time, I guess they just dgaf
Please tell me what where the material benefits for UK and France from the Munich deal as opposed to what the Soviets gained from Molotov Ribentrop act
People don't change that fast; I bet a lot of them are still into magical thinking
A lot of people I know who would have been religious are instead into some weird esoteric stuff or a choose-your-own-adventure style of exploration into Eastern stuff, or some other random crap, like they're "not religious but spiritual," etc
I think they tried it, realized the budget bag may break from the weight and suddenly paperless office became very important concept
I live near it though
Maybe that's an anomaly, but apparently it can stay profitable even without dubbing or subtitling movies
Maybe you just haven't noticed since as you say there is almost no writing for others on paper these days
To a Latvian, many Lithuanian words could be familiar if explained, just archaic.
On a bigger scale I'd definitely add Moscow sponsored political parties.
Europe might as well stay together with Lepen, Wilders, and whatever AfD has as leaders.
US is "World Police" and not aggressor because, unlike some countries, it makes war only in "colonies" against irrelevant brown people.
Put a new data, for Latvia it is approaching 2% already
The prices are already the same.
So I guess in Latvia it has to do with the microbusiness tax rates?
Look into a Canadian work permit and try to apply for jobs there, you can get a permit if someone's willing to extend an offer.
While I'd like a more centralized EU with an actual collective defense, that is not happening now, and so American military presence is by far the best guarantee of Russian non-aggression that we could have.
No, we're still smarter and faster than you
I do
They invaded Poland in 39 then Finland, Romania, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania.
I'm just saying that in different countries you look at these things differently - we would call these €2-300 "rent", and it doesn't happen a lot
Holy shit, what de-populating disease is affecting Latvia and Lithuania but spared Estonia?
Have 2 or 1 that varies in intensity, this is visual cancer.
Then learn words
November 1919 was a turning point in Latvian independence fights
It was definitely not as cheep (except Zagreb) as we expected, and, yes, we tried to avoid very touristy restaurants/shops
My grandpa told me that it was very common in Lithuania and Latvia that girls would suicide if they got pregnant by a Russian.
Let's be honest, that's not the case here.
It's impolite, but it's not hostility or dislike - it's just because the appearance is unusual, it's the same kind of reaction that a 7 feet tall person or someone with knee-length hair gets.
I grew up in country side which used to belong to some German baron, but later land was split between Latvian freedom fighters
Thus is a really weird way to practice generational curses
A lot of schools before a few years ago taught primarily in Russian, until they passed a law declaring all schools had to be at least 50% in Latvian
EU issued passports work of make sense only when EU is more federalised
Can't into Nordic today at all.
Started to smoke occasionally around the end of highschool, stress of the final exams, I told myself.
Well, WWI enabled us to have foreign relations, and WWII disabled that particular feature for 50 years, so yeah
This seems less embarrasing
they all look so happy :)
I am so glad it has dropped drastically in popularity.
If he had a home in Lithuania it would quite possibly be given to a russian family or someone who is loyal to the communist party.
Yaay, thanks a lot everyone for kind and heart warming words
They robbed all the Central and Eastern European states after WW2 as ''reparations'', took anything that was valuable back to USSR and left their ''Warsaw pact allies'' with crap
The current ''president'' of South Ossetia is Leonid Tibilov, who was boss of the South Ossetian KGB from 1992 to 1998, it's very naive to think he was elected democratically.
Their life is not that **very** much different than ours - they are simply richer.
Abortation shouldnt even exist, they must think of that before sex
Ha, I like how Latvia is only one who is blue.
You left out the [Latvian] flag :(
Happy cake day
13 - trīspadsmit
They can thank the protestors for this
more like "the further south the more skilled you are at hiding the emptiness"
As if that was most derogatory thing
That's why their latest expeditions in the Middle East have been so successful.
Same, it was a very human moment
But drinking more than one glass of red with dinner and you get funny looks
we've been through mostly the same shit together
I'll now remember to call Kurzeme's dialect Couronian
Mind you that the North tower actually did catch fire for a time
I was there for work two weeks ago.
Caracals are overpriced garbage not suitable for modern warfare.
i feel like everything in europe is at least 100 years old.
For example  Aizkari is pronounced Aiskari, without the z. And with the word lauzt you need to look at the word after/before the word lauzt
Latgale, Kurzeme and Zemgale
God save Poland
Whats the other version :D
Japan actions also were usually mentioned just briefly
Latvia: Waffen SS veterans' commemorative march in Riga
And some people glorify the Soviets...
Neighbors Finns, Czechs, Swedes and Lithuanians?!
Is joke comrade, don't send politburo
With regards to anti-dumping laws, the UK along with Sweden, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, Ireland, Netherlands, Malta, Latvia and Slovenia asked for the status quo to be maintained.
[Here's] internal migration map
They're heavy and puff-up your wallet so much
Estonia: The kid who came to play with us at the playground and pretends we're still friends
If there really will be hundreds of millions of people trying to get into Europe I'm afraid we will not have much choice but to shoot them dead.
is that we
But it was a bit more expensive
I live near it though
Yeah, I think the French word for "Scum" starts with les and ends with Anglais.
The start definetely sounds similar.
People were saddened and shocked, and with strong pro-American sentiment at the time, I think people reacted to it more than if a similar attack had happened somewhere in China or Japan.
Some success in completely different leagues, and without any particular strengths.
I'm in Sweden, south of Stockholm, but honestly the lack of light still sucks.
What about countries that already have a large number of immigrants, say Latvia or Estonia?
Also I find it funny that one of our spy agencies is called Constitution Protection Bureau
Nobody is going to lose any sleep over his death.
But sometimes its low quality, shit joke, bad grammar, etc
Are we that boring, low-profile people that nobody knows shit about us, the ethnic romanians?
If you want to get to know a local woman and have some time, just be a gentleman
* Item 1
Well, there acctually was rumor that our president is cheating his wife, but only yellow press cared.
Even if it was the highest, the numbers are under 50,000 in the UK according to government data, out of 60,000,000+ people - with over 5% decline last year.
Waifu approval is high desu
But the whole world seemed interested when our president cheated on his girlfriend.
You go ahead and ask a Russian if he dreams to take over Latvia, Estonia or Lithuania again and watch them laugh.
So sorry, if I'm taking the act discussed above a little personally
Exactly the same for my husband
"Ass" which means "sharp"
Why
Don't piss on monuments
That is exactly not what I said.
That was the official reasoning.
We can't even sing our anthem on our independence day, without sounding like someone just died.
It's a move in the wrong direction no mater which way you look at it.
It's still taking shit without paying
9th, 8th of may and 16th of march is for WW2 , 11th and 18th November is for World war 1.
Look to your Northern neighbours, 5% of Finland speaks Swedish, for very similar reasons why there's Russians in the Baltics, and it's a recognised official language
Well that's different, of course you'd be a dirty imperial chauvinist.
Patriots or Nazi collaborators?
Spiridon is definitely Greek
It's basically beets, potato, sausage, eggs and spices with this thing called kefir
It's located in former East Germany
>I have no issues with agreeing that Latvians conscripted into the Red Army were Soviets
Pērkons
Then went to the uni and realized I knew nobody and those who were going smoking started to know each other.
If Latvians were so sensetive towards humour we'd invaded Estonia, Lithuania and deported all Russians because we just laugh about each other all the time and most of the time not even that positively.
TIL Latvians call Turkeys titters ....
Seriously Lithuania, why can't you be more like your brother Latvia!?
Lithuania cannot into Nordics
It's basically the same country, but with better economy.
Fries on pizza are super weird.
It's not just about size, it's about including all regions and provinces.
Oddly one of the main countries I would like to move to is Croatia, which to you might seem crazy because you are Croatian, but It's so Slavic, yet so beautiful in terms of nature, amazing roads, cool people and so on
Amen
It gave citizenship to everyone that would have it if the pre-WW2 state existed, including russians, but if you didn't get it that way, you have to do a language and history exam.
It's not like most other European rye breads, and it's a staple food in Latvia, many people will eat it daily.
Personally I don't buy it and I think it's deliberate propaganda smear piece, especially judging by how wide it's spread
For medicine yes
Or a week where most posts are appearances of "fukt" somewhere.
Then little Vova says: "I think my father was an electrician during the war." Teacher: "How so?" Vova: " I found his helmet with two lightning signs in the basement."
Opened recently (first one was in like 2016)
Is sad stori
Why does it always have to be -gate side of Watergate?
No that isn't Latvian accent, video sounds Slavic to me
The whole refugee thing is a mess.
This is slightly misleading
0L engine and automatic transmission
And easy to accomplish
But, atleast I got to see Paris, while visiting her few years ago
I know a little german but not enough to read historical texts in german
Original documentary in German.
It’s like splitting hairs
If Latvia have no potato, Latvia *become* potato!
Still bad, but nowhere near as bad as the crude numbers suggest.
Has "Kevinism" ended in Germany?
Regretfully I am not sure anymore of the name for the Estonian territories lost.
As I like to say, you can take Latvia out of Eastern Europe, but you can't take Eastern Europe out of Latvia
Do not look in materials you have gathered for evidence that a suspect acted or spoke against the Soviet authorities
Shared one-room apartment, little to no alcohol, Lidl, little to no travel (except to Estonia and Latvia), little to no entertainment other than personal computer.
USSR didn't have police, but militia
What are those crossed-off marks on the EU on the scenes with the Czech Republic, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania?
I remember how he was called the Danish Elon Musk on reddit by his defenders before the conviction
So you adapt - make electronics more resilient, create new medicine for astronauts, extreme resource conservation and recycling, literally be forced to invent new things
Lithuanians as brāļi, literally brothers, because of the shared history, similar cultures and languages, etc
I asked him to drive to the Hesburger and get himself a free meal
Never mind that 1) we never conquered anything, just bought them; 2) it was a German vassal state to the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth that was about a quarter of our country; 3) it was about a decade or two in the 17th century; 4) we've ourselves have been in a similar situation in our own land
Lies
Which is the number of Leopard 2 tanks in active service, but doesn't include Leopard 1 tanks in storage for instance.
European space agency
It's certainly not Daugavpils, you have very many Poles and Latvians (who just speak Russian in their everyday lives) living there, and it's more certainly **not** "ethnic-Russian to the core".
Also goes for transport timetables, store opening hours, etc.
Where I am from doing this would definitely be a leftist bent
It's not about resources, it's about power - they seem to have come to conclusion that they need to be superpower that everyone fears and giving people what they want is helping the government remain in power as well, chalanging stronger force isn't very wise, if you're totally pragmatic, but it would be really badass to do that and win
For a while i thought Baden and Bavaria was the same place haha
And I mean I bet you Hungary has some of the most trans accepting people in Eastern/Central Europe, this is more important than not being able to legally change your gender for trans peoples wellbeing
Then the prime minister has the most de facto power
At the end of the day - that's going to be the bigger issue going forwards.
I got a speeding ticket in Estonia for going 56 in 50, I am still salty about it
I guess we also have pelmeņi, which are technically Russian, but we have our own variations which are, honestly, as good if not better than any пельмени I’ve had in Russia
A named character, and especially one with lines is front page news
- Sniedze (The Snowy-One)
Well, according to Brits everything east of Germany sounds Russian.
One big issue with fighting corruption in Latvia is that a lot of the rich people are rich because of their ties with Russian businessmen - many of which are extremelly corrupt.
We need to be diplomatic about country, for example, justifying child abuse just so it can undermine EU?
I will never rely on school to teach a foreign language, the way it is done in schools is incredibly inefficient.
This internet stranger believes in you wishes you all the best
i'm fucking dying send help
[Basically anyone from this picture]
Estonia i gues
how stupid must you be to do such a thing
Very similar to the word 'dangus'(sky), which is 'debesis' in Latvian and 'debesis' means a cloud in Lithuanian.
I learned this here 5min ago and I ***cannot wait*** to use this to tease local Russians
Singing
I grew up on the south coast of UK where France and Belgium were just a few hours boat ride away
Well, there are just as good looking girls nearby and the languages they speak are much easier.
In fact it would feed into his narrative.
I was so pissed at them and swore to not buy anything there again
We have specific language and behavior codes for home, work, friends, authorities, etc
Also Estonia did Srebrenica
And hypocritical, because the only country who has ever initiated article 5 was USA after 9/11
You can travel across Baltics with something like [this] but something like [this] usually exists only in and around towns
Well, I mean, when you visited us last time it didn't went very good
I hope he does this because the majority of the city he's meant to represent agrees with this and not jsut cause he feels like it
To misuse the idea that Russians might be using disinformation in such an offensive way to simply hide that your one cunty soldier was a piece of shit.
If my ancestors ended up in a bit different place before the end of WW2, it is possible I'd speak either German or Finnish as my first language, so I don't feel tied to Russia in any way
Cops and medics where there almost instantly it seemed like
Here in Latvia people drink birch tree sap but I haven't come across an alcoholic version.
Allow smoking in public transport!
If Polish-American alliance is worth nothing, I shudder to think what Polish-French or Polish-German alliance would be worth?
I mean, just google Latvian culture, and then Czech culture, it isn't that hard to figure out, just looking at pictures.
happy independence day
We have brāļukas for lithuanians, and lithuanians have braliukai for us
In Latvian it was already called Čehija, Czechia is no different
Riga: First of all stop acting like you're a real region
Every new case we get in Latvia for the past week has been 100% people coming from Sweden
Who will fill those low-wage positions?
Even as Latvian you probably had heard about Lennart Meri and about Toomas Ilvess.
Nitrogen is azot in Russian, from French azote.
-Finnish
In your model, Denmark is in North, but Latvia which is almost entirely north of Denmark is in East
Probably the issue is that it's you countries fault you don't have euro as a base currency
Food and other basic goods in countries like Poland, Czech Republic, Portugal or even Germany is cheaper than in Latvia, and a car or a phone will cost the same.
Perceptions because of this are quite generalised and sterotypical.
never mind, we don’t talk about that
Yeah, NKVD just accidentally confiscated hundreds of thousands tons of grain and sold to western countries, honest mistake.
So, to be clear, do all students in Latvia take the same courses?
Its no wonder that Protestant Christianity denominations allowing gay marriage and female priests are declining rapidly in membership and church attendance across Scandinavia, Germany and UK.
Even if you don't like his views and actions, you support them.
This is a momentous event in human history.
If a child pronounces the R as L or makes a weak non-rolling sound, they may see a speech therapist.
Probably Canada, maybe New Zealand, though NZ is incredibly far from anything.
If so, what are your opinions of the characteristics of how they speak?
So basically same just with little changes that comes with the language
its true
It's a fact - it's not an opinion.
Also don’t forget our good old buddy Lithuania, weird weird Lithuania
**Germany:**
Especially for anyone interested in history and art.
Happy birthday from Latvia, brothers
The third oldest in the whole world, actually
So I think the quality of the actual university should be your main factor.
In Latvia, they mostly use "Islāma valsts", the literal translation of "Islamic state".
Well at least in the second one collection worked together with less bad people, but Latvians indeed didn't have a realistic choice.
Nothing much, I don't usually pay attention to random people in public places
Nice
But everyone uses general words like (senior - senjors, adult - pieaugušais, teenager- pusaudzis, kid - bērns)
I adore Romanians and Bulgarians, so sure - come to Latvia, learn the language and let's get cooperating!
Plenty of my friends have told me how much they make
But fair comment about two adults owning a place.
A proper EU-wide law enforcement agency, and a general approach from all member states that protecting the external criminal influences (such as ME terrorism) are a problem for all of the EU and not particular states.
That kind of people, which would go into it regardless of the political situation in the country, and would loudly express their support for the dominant political force
Could you please clarify the difference in meaning of those two Czech words
Probably the issue is that it's you countries fault you don't have euro as a base currency
I'd like to note that Meduza was founded by a number of **Russian nationals** that were [fired from Lenta.ru in March of 2014] for "extremism"
Just don't do it
Not ''correct boundary errors''.
>Aren’t Latvians and Lithuanians closely related though
I could get lost in some of their eyes for all eternity.
Sorry, but I'm happy and can't believe it
I don't know, apart from the graffiti and the obvious pile of debris and destruction it doesn't look all that run down
One of my elders told a story how a soviet award was gained due to happenstance.
At least when I checked it here, the Islamic center here is financed by Saudis.
Have your own land and place to live.
> Human rights watch is biased
Everything about Latvian history.
Everybody knows that Latvians have five toes!
You're an example on how propaganda actually works.
Hmm, I googled about support of an EU federation, and found this from 2014:
established by international agreements, consists of Vidzeme,
"Stop antagonising Greece" is probably one of the conditions.
I thought they had brought back that horrendous abomination of a Christmas tree
Yes, my country voted against the redistribution but since the vote was 24 against 4 we obeyed to that, now it's not our problem that EU don't redistribute those people, isn't it?
This explains so much
I'm pretty sure that Lituanie is Lithuania and Latvia is Letonie
The classic coffee from Nordquist is also very distinctly Swedish, it's sour with a definite taste of spices.
Thus when USSR collapsed you had people with relative economic power, contacts in underworld and tradition of operating in a shady manner.
\>Lithuania hardly became Christian voluntary, it took a full Crusade to "convince" them to convert
That's what she said
But I don't think there are more like him
Pretty much allowing USSR take away our freedom in 1940 and doing absolutely nothing about it
Such an embarassment
What are those extra borders in Latvia and Lithuania?
Everyone disagrees if Baltics are Eastern or Northern Europe
A thick cover of snow still covers most of Latvia.
Yes, France and Germany share a land border, but on the other hand, Paris is closer to London than it is to any major German city.
The UK would win every damn time though if you'd do the 3rd part
I can buy washed (expensive) or not washed (cheaper)
Also, it's easier to put a finer point on things
Well if not Spain, then France, Italy, Germany or UK would be happy to sell ships and weapons to Saudi Arabia in their place.
Jēkabs Ketlers (duke of Kurzeme and Zemgale established colonies and knew Latvian)
Ukrainian government failed to do so, so there is simply not enough Ukrainian currency in the region to make due...
Kosovo
But one reason why Lithuania (and Latvia maybe) is able to grow faster then Estonia is also that its closer to Poland and other mainland Europe - which is the economical engine of Europe.
7 - septiņi
Does Latvia have laws forbidding people to illegally enter the country?
One year I squatted in a locker, because there were many that were unused
A day trip with them doesn't cost more than a night at an averagely decent hotel, and speaking English is sufficient.
This is something the whole world agrees upon.
Where did he get to after he left Latvia?
Did a couple of carthwheels when I got my first MTB, due to that one having the frontal brakes on the left side and the rear brakes on the right side
Why
Ahh, I rememmber the famous year when we had more casualities on our roads than the coalitian in Afghanistan.
I am preparing to correct everyone who calls Latvia or Latvians Eastern Europeans for the next few years.
There always is a hope that Russia will no go in circles in it's  politics in the future
Yes
Its seems that every US president has a honeymoon period with Putin, but it ends rather fast once they realize he is a monumental cunt and asks for what they are not willing to give.
I havent got free time lately
oh those are ok, the big businesses are immediately evil huh?
I think the common Latvian attitude towards the Jews is casual racism, and the attitude towards the Holocaust is basically handwaving - I have done it myself after all.
There's so much good we could accomplish by working together - e.g.
A lot of the places have contitution that says marriage is a union between man and a woman
When I was in Germany - I visited a cinema in Berlin
>How about they pay for the damage they caused in 1999
Daugav' abas malas mūžam nesadalās!
Aldis Gobzems - terrorises other politicians during work and posts everything on his tik tok
Is this statistic about ethnic European people's or Africans/Asians included as well?
Boric acid easily available and cheap in any pharmacy in that time was used to polish the table
Not all countries are shown
I got that [reference] Which is kinda sad.
By hottest you mean what
Cold beet root soup
Mixed them up with the other Finnic tribe in Latvia.
I suppose "Nu, labi" would be the closest, it translates to well, ok
In the first case, it would not be punished at all, since it is no longer illegal for private persons to not display the national flag on national holidays, and it is also not illegal to fly a foreign flag (to my knowledge)
I like that Latvian is quite a rare language, so if I go abroad nobody can understand me
Heeey
Generally, things are much easier for visa-exempt US citizens than for citizens of third-world countries, but you have to take care not to leave the impression that you're planning on overstaying.
East German communists and their friends being afraid of losing their power and privileges I presume (which of course they did)
And, unlike other threats, it's something that burns us from within, and which we've got no excuses for.
That's the way how Russians - their current greatest ''ideological'' enemy thinks about their history - "yeah they mass-murdered people, but they were our guys, so fuck it!
Let's face it - it's name for Russia and it's minions, recently escaped former minions tend to be included while they're licking their wounds, but they are looking to build a new life, so it's controversial and usually accepted only if it has something to do with still healing.
*will of one half of the people
There are also some old Scandinavian names to be found as well (like Ilmārs, Dagmāra)
Russian TV Zvezda (former Soviet army TV channel) is so notorious for its false narrative, that it may be regarded as specializing in pure fiction
Sooo, how hard is it to move to Portugal?
So once I find out what a Lithuanian word means, I can often sort of understand why, and it maybe reminds me of some old, archaic Latvian.
Law enforcement would be a good place to start now, and not just for the sake of replacing Belgian services with someone competent.
Meh, Latvia had a shitty situation back when it left the USSR as well - even inspiring stuff like the non-citizen laws.
Yes, some of them are still in use for sure
4 to 2
Quite comfortable, I'm a software dev in Sweden.
When corona just started in Latvia, he got sick but continued going to work, although he had symptoms and lied to doctors about meeting someone infected and being abroad
300 ducats a month to the army maintenance if we secceed from the UK.
Prescriptivism, people shouldn't really be questioning what the rules for using words in their native language is (oviously doesn't apply to using too many loans and/or words in a way that deviates entirely from socially agreed meaning snd such, but for example, insisting that sensitive can be used only for enotions and you should say s**a**nsitive for phisical sensations, when nobody does that IRL)
Mao: Mildly inconvenient
Any other stereotypes
If you decide to let them have independence that means they'll probably ask to join Russia, leaving another Russian breakaway region in Europe at worst or an obedient hurdle state at the EU doorstep at best.
OMON literally means Special Purpose Militia Unit
But the Germanic ones like Šarlote or Gabriēla are coming back
Kinda funny, since this constitution was applied in 1922 but in 1934 we became a dictatorship
Not sure why, I just like it
Luxuries in high demand that were deficit in official channels so were peddled by Georgians in semi legal and illegal manner.
There is a military police but it only handles matters internal to the military
Germany is a large country, their total population is as big as Poland, Czechia, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, combined.
So much singing, we have a festival for that every 5 years
Does it count
No, it isn't, the law recognizes it as a historical variation of Latvian.
Britain's money could literally be the only way the EU doesn't break up within the next half a decade.
It's just that influencial people tend to have ties with other influencial people, meaning that politicians, almost invariably will not be strongly influenced by any given voter not on that list
If that stream is disrupted it will become much colder than it is now in Nothern Europe And British isles.
I’m fine with the label of all three
Question to reddit
I don't want Russians to be ashamed like the SJW's want white people to kneel over backwards in font of black people and bawl their eyes out, throwing reparations.
Vaira Vike Freiberga was born in Canada, I reckon, but Raimonds Vejonis was born in Russia
I thought it was sarcasm, then checked your comment history, so likely it's not.
They fought the Teutons back in the days like crazy.
He himself isn't even russian, and the song is not that good
And conveniently, they were replaced by more loyal poeple.
sounds like Latvians do not know how to party
But they didn't apply for asylum in Germany, they applied for asylum in Latvia while physically being in Greece.
I still am amazed how I got back home alive
Their voting base is reliant on ''ostracised'' Russians, and their paycheck from the Kremlin can only come if the local Russians can be paraded around as martyrs.
UK, France, Spain, Andorra, Switzerland, Belgium, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Ireland, Italy, Monaco, Vatican, San Marino, Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Iceland, Austria, Liechenstein, Hungary, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro, Albania, Macedonia, Greece, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Part of Turkey, Part of Russia, Romania, Malta, Moldova, Belarus, Cyprus, Portugal, Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia.
The Emperor Napoleon III of the Second French Empire commissioned Georges-Eugène Haussmann to renovate Paris to quell uprisings to help the government of Emmanuel Macron of the Fifth French Republic
To me Sydney “felt” a lot like California (so did Vladivostok in Russia for that matter, another big Pacific city)
So I shouldn't mind it at all
In Latvian there is just this one word 'bankomāts', no other synonym
It's a shame to know my country doesn't allow gay marriage
More (it's free real estate)
So a Latvian could buy nauda from Suomija and gain so much nauda while shopping in Lithuania, because the more nauda Latvian fella earns from his farm business = the more potatoes he can buy.
2 or 3, all in Rīga (capital)
It is indeed Central Europe, as have said :)
If you wanna talk to someone just DM me
"), but you have to be at least acquainted to them to say that, too
English
RT founding was slashed in 2015...
In Latvia there are two history subjects - History of Latvia, which is about the history of the territory of where Latvia is, and History of the World.
We're still not receiving a lot of students, only about 5% of students are foreign.
or better yet.....he did not live to see neither Serbia or Croatia, he was born and died when both of those places were part of Austro-Hungary so claiming he ''belonged'' to either them is rather silly.
Seriously, why do you need those
Basque is about about as far away from Spanish, as Italian is to Maltese, German to Latvian or French to Breton.
In other words, they aren't automatically corrupt, most likely they tech-dumb and their opinions are stuck in the 80-90s pre-internet era, with a pinch of shills among them to wave their fists at the internet
I remember a story my uncle told me about how he sneaked all kinds of illegal items into USSR (Coke, Pepsi, Snickers, Twix) and risked the safety of this entire family because you could actually go to jail at that time if police found those items in your house
#"DIVISIOOON
This woman does whatever she can to promote a "let's fight for the good old days" rhetoric among the Russian-speaking populace in Latvia
Interesting example from Latvia.
>Then we agree that they were Nazis since they fought for Nazi Germany
Same with ease of travel across the Europe.
Give anything that counts as ‘nightlife’ an extremely wide berth
Stop pretending
Same shit man
- CIA World Factbook
No kurienes jūs esat
I mean, sure, it's not the only or even the absolute majority of lunches but still
As far as I know, there were two in the 90s and neither asked if they want to unite with Russia.
Rabbit, however, is about the same as beef
Around 25% of the country is still ethnically russian.
We were writing letters to youngsters in another ideological-friendly countries (never had a chance to write to GDR, though) and even receiving replies
No it isn't easier
Cats is one of the most reasonable entries.
I do consider privacy extremely important, but even aside from that discussion, I think mass surveillance violates another important concept and right - the rule of law through presumption of innocence.
But there are many thing that could be done to improve the situation
There were protests with reports of pretty wild police violence, but now have they managed to oppress most of protests
I remember the account name from a bunch of tech forums a long, long time ago.
Apparently they knew we were siblings, so decided they could get more money out of it
What about Luxembourg, Malta, Cyprus, Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, Switzerland, Iceland, Serbia, FYR of Macedonia, Albania?
No one has mentioned Latvian or Lithuanian yet?
My country has open list proportional, but this still doesn't prevent people from voting in 60% neocapitalist, enthnonationalist regressives.
If you live in Latvia or Russia and cut your expenses and save you might end up with a few extra hundred euros in savings.
As someone who has emigrated from Latvia to Netherlands, Norway and to C.America, would you believe me when I say that in a lot of cases, in poorer countries food and basics are actually more expensive than rich countries
* [Kārlis Skalbe]
"There are no free potato in Latvia!"
Because we all live in homogeneous countries.
The UK as a major power pushed for them and got backers.
lol
Always has done, always will do.
Right now we're skating to where the puck is right now, that is, catching up and reacting with inadequate measures while the stats get worse and worse
Some time ago there were a lot of old school people in politics, of whom you could find out, that they were actually in politics during the Soviet times as well
Even we use it despite the Iron Curtain, albeit not that often
Mass surveillance cannot be done in "certain cases", it's mass surveillance - it targets more people than possible conventionally, and isn't then targeted towards individuals, or specific times and places.
This was the easiest to find in English:  but I've read about civilians being returned to USSR as well
You don't want to contaminate food with dirty leftovers from in between the mechanism
I thought price was outrageous in comparison with the price of a doll which was 6000 euros.
Stop telling me lalies
If it is not then someone should correct the wiki page and stop the spread of misinformation, and don't blame me.
Every time there is some sort of agitation or claim about "discrimination against Russians in Latvia", this demon of a woman is at the forefront of it all
1930s, my country was glorious, enjoying our newfound friends in GB, doing all the trades, building railroads, expanding cities.
Clearly, by using that joke, you just proved that you are an estonian infiltrator, as only they use it.
Even some cities in my countries that are about 125 miles away, are considered very far.
More often than not for liberals
Wonderful Georgian folk music representation (what is your country's music equivalent?)
Not really, no
Riga is almost foreign in comparison to most of these, as they're just so quiet, sincere and nice.
We introduced the euro a year earlier
What I see is gunmen murdering police offers in mass shootings, these were two instances of plain murder, even if the reasons are tied to a wider social problem in the US.
Flags of the Soviet Union and the Latvian SSR
But I don't think there are more like him
Otherwise, you're missing out on the joy of having only 3 hours of daylight/darkness
LOL
Theft is punished with up to 2 years in prison, and up to 4 years if it's a group, and up to 5 years if the theft involved breaking into someone's property or vehicle.
Looks like it reaches down to Southern Latvia - i.e.
London feels too big for comfort for me, and it also ties into the issue of money - in London you're either going to be paying an insane amount of money to live in a reasonable area, or you'll just be paying a lot of money and living somewhere in Outer London.
First of all, a Lithuanian dog says "au" (stress on "u").
President: just an iconic figure mostly
Or it was statistic, for ethnic Latvians which means over half would be able to communicate in Russian
[Wine spritzer] is quite popular.
After they regain control of the area, yes.
I was a little kid in Mauritius next to a store once and I was like a typical Latvian kid, my skin was light, bright blue eyes and long, thick blond hair
Iceland is my favorite country so I never forget that
Plenty of Russian kids go to general schools, and soon the 'Russian' schools will all be changed to Latvian.
The vocabulary is not that hard but damn why you gotta add a bunch of useless little words that don't translate
I mean, his salesmen are using company assets for personal gain.
So when Putin was visiting Novgord she was part of the delegation.
Arab money, because theirs is mostly related to letting them exist through their hypocritical sinning and barbarous terrorist funding.
I feel that as a citizen I don't have voting rights if I don't vote for 'correct' political power that states that Latvia is only for ethnic Latvians
When I was in school it was part of health class, I've heard that subject doesn't exist anymore or it's has been included in other subjects or something, so I don't know how it is now.
I am more surprised Latvia and Estonia is not listed, because I'm sure they have their own (would be surprised if they don't), after all we have Russian minorities that consume information in Russian language (guess where it comes from) and we have a part of population that still looks at Soviet union with pink glasses and feel nostalgia towards it.
Maybe because for most of written history we were mostly the same country (Livonia)
Or WW1 when Latvia fought for its independence from first the Russian empire, then the Germans, then the Soviets, and then the remnants of the destroyed German army, all in the span of 2 years
Did they have Latvians on board?
However after Freiberga and Zatlers we also started to get a bit more prominent Presidents...
What is that supposed to even mean?
You should take German humor seriously, it's no laughing matter.
Imagine that there probably was a family ready to celebrate new years in one of those apartments
It could be any one of us
Same here in Latvia
I used to think it's bad government, good people and culture is nice and so on, but I've realized that it's wrong - it's not a dichotomy, if you removed that government, it won't instantly turn into a great country (as allready seen before), many of them are more or less okay with the kind of government they have, they agree with many creepy ideas, their great cultural achievements in previous centuries actually are boring from modern perspective and their modern culture mostly is weird, they are too in your face in personal contact: they are not evil, but there's not much to like either and it's okay, nations are diffrent and nobody acctually likes everyone, just would be nice, if they left everyone else alone
We should consider inviting Latvia to our Potato Brotherhood.
Most countries offer a fast track for spouses of their citizens...
And god knows half of those could be Turks at this point.
Baltic languages, especially Lithuanian, are supposedly some of the most archaic IE languages, retaining the most proto-indo-european features, and in both Latvian and Lithuanian the Sun is feminine and the Moon masculine
How the hell is it acceptable for a leader of a movement to not have an answer or solution to a problem the movement is protesting
And it's also Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden's money.
It just shows that the state is afraid of what they have to say
The fact that the closest linguistic relatives to your language are Finns and Estonians is a little more outlandish
I'm disappointed brialukai
Pro-gamers have been known to deploy cheats this way, so I don't see why any USB peripheral couldn't be made to install some sort of crapware.
When I visit another country on a work trip, it doesn't feel that different to visiting a different city in the same country.
And cable internet is really cheap.
You won't see ancient tribal Celts and Romans mashing out on the streets.
Russia it's illegal to say anything positive about homosexual relationships to children, in Kaliningrad it's illegal to say it to anyone.
Yet the military judge who conducted the inquiry found that a group of war-time journalists made the story up.
Yes, the German military is really small, but I don't think it would be looking nice if Germany were to keep a powerful military force.
Ah, fuck I could write down contents of history book as others have allready tried - if you care to know an entire year is dedicated to 20th century in elementery and then again in high school in a very analytical, matter of fact way - but the truth is that "Soviet" stands for everything that ever could be wrong with the world, even if someone has found memories about some features, they would never want that era to return and if someone actually does they're going to be an outcast in our society
I think that compulsory mil service in Latvia is not needed at this moment.
Today, nations like Ukraine, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, continue to exist because America is there.
There isn't even a direct train link between Estonia and Latvia.
An average Russian is a lot poorer than an average Latvian.
I don't like living in Latvia and would like to move to Finland
It is suggested to go once a year, however in reality I'll only go if there is an acute necessity
Hitler: A bit bothersome
Norwegian and Swedish could easily be two forms of the same language.
>Nobody ever won, we got bored and stopped after a few weeks when we realised hurting each other is dumb
Germany is a large country, their total population is as big as Poland, Czechia, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, combined.
I know - I did it as well when I was younger and stupider
Everyone brushes over the Eastern front like it was nothing - even though both sides acted like animals here - and for some it was the Soviets who were the biggest criminals of all.
The sovereign power of the State of Latvia is vested in the
Baltics stick together
When Andris Bērziņš was elected people though: Ohh, we don't even need a president
Either your government wants smth from us, or your government is just the very definition of an annoying passive aggressive ex, who can't get over the divorce.
Does it receive finances from foreign sources?
Songs, music, beer, drinking, potatoes, emigration, oppression by a neighboring empire and its yoke thrown off in 1918, and a bloody struggle to do it
My family is not one of those, so most of the superstitions I know, I have learned from my BF's mom
We're (the Baltic States + Poland) getting one.
Flag days:
I have absolutely no objections to this
And also the absence of difference between Latvia and that savvy Estonia, the prettiest of all Baltic sisters.
Yeah and germany is completely innocent and in no way has started all the conflicts since start of 20th century.
Sweden because it's just across the Baltic Sea and there's 2 boats per day; most Latvians have done it a few times and it's like a rite of passage as a teenager to take the party boat to Stockholm
It's Kaka in Latvian :)
Now if he starts to eliminate America's democratic institutes or rounding up minorities, that would be a different situation.
Something like ley lines but that there's water in them and that it radiates some mystical energy that is bad; but ordinary streams of water and plumbing don't, and you really shouldn't sleep on top of it
Crimean "referendum" was a joke.
The flag of Latvia is red with a white dash
Well, it depends on the country, each country determines its own rules for what statuses exist.
The Greeks are still richer than us.
Latvian roads are shit as well, but they were fixing a lot of them last year.
Is the English being cold really a stereotype
Corruption and greed is a powerful enemy
Old 3D ones with low poly and low res textures.
Also because of Vikings and more recently Swedish Empire there's a lot of words in modern Latvian that are borrowed from Swedish
We are building a new solar collector array to provide hot water (and/ or central heating) for at least part of our town Salaspils
That's why we allow something as insulting to the Latvian collective memory as Victory day to be celebrated.
If the nutrients are okay and it tastes well, does it matter that its not the same product?
When I was in school around 02-03, cockroaches were a regular occurrence, but I've not encountered one in the last 10 years
Cool name
Of course not
Soviets invaded Poland, so what you are saying is blatantly false
Seeing how that is not happening I don't see why we should keep out end of the bargain.
There is no fault on Latvian/Estonian side.
We have price increase here in Latvia.
See, Eesti, how nice we look together?
Plan a trip to Kiev, an interesting city in its own right, and you don't even need a visa to go there as an American.
I’d like to thank the Lithuanians, for fighting the oppressive crusaders around 700 years ago, and later making them their vassals
If the information would have been correct about WMD, then USA would see you as a friend who didn't believe him, and left him to fend for himself
Well, does she speak Latvian
We don't have trains going directly to Latvia and Latvian trains are horrible.
Making a personal embargo to Poland
101 years old
Most likely it will lead to price convergence, maybe even a simplification of tariffs.
I think it's very similar to what a Doom game would have looked like 20 years ago if modern technology were available.
If I'm not mistaken, originally it was a Polandball comic about Latvia, but it pretty much has become a meme about all Baltic countries, at least on /r/Europe.
They may pick our strawberries but they will never pick our FREEDOM
The UK with Brexit will be another puppet for the US to kick around.
A fairly typical arrangement for the time period, he got rid of all other parties and political opponents, and assumed full legislative and executive control, as well as control over the military.
17 - septiņpadsmit
I used to study in the Netherlands while renting a place a couple of kilometers away in Belgium.
That is one of the major reasons I've been suspicious that he's aiming for a madman theory.
France has the fairly popular FN, and Marine Le Pen is smart enough to distance herself from the outright Nazi rhetoric of her father.
In Russia, they announced their allegiance to the Bolsheviks and were from then on known as the ["Red Latvian riflemen"]
Just better be super sure that the Chinese, Indians, Russians, Americans are going to do it
With Trum the relationship could end in a blast of fury seeing how important for both men is their strong macho image.
I have absolutely no objections to this
Blackout curtains
I understand, but if you do want to live here, I'd just appreciate if you did speak Latvian.
I am never going to stop loving Latvia and my culture, as much as I feel European, and I won't stop teaching my children about their culture and heritige.
It really saddens me that the people from "evil capitalist" West didn't learn at all and a lot of them are against economic freedom and minimal government
Many Russians will know it by the name Коробушка, that is if they know the name.
looks like the flag of the united baltic duchy
But you weren't in danger of extermination; so who cares about irrelevant sacrifices, right?
Now, for me - a Latvian social liberal europhile - Russia is a nightmare, a Soviet Union-esque occupation is something that rivals a Nazi takeover of my country as something that could be called ''apocalyptic'' for me.
An insane explosion happened right across the street from my house, Latvia
Poland was invaded by foreign powers - Germany and Soviet Union.
From a scientific point of view, morality actually predates any social environment because it's an evolved mechanism that allowed us to make societies in the first place.
It was insane, my whole house shook to the core and ears were ringing
I love the cops here XD
No one admits to selling inferior products here, they avoid it by claiming that it’s to cater to different consumer preferences or different purchasing power
It's always a lot of legalese, and with a lot of room for interpretation if a particular case is being handled in court.
111 - simtu vienpadsmit
Ornaments historical
In Latvia this winter we had no snow
We're actually a lot more flexible in our traveling, so I've found cheaper tickets.
Almost getting into war with Estonia over best fishing places in the Baltic sea during the 90's
Eu has given 1 billion 800 million dollars
Making a scene out of such situations (according to Latvians) is something a stereotypical Russian would do.
I also find it hard to believe that the level of political interest has in reality been dropping even further over the last 10 years.
Estonia i gues
I felt uncomofrtable 24/7 living in Netherlands, because it felt absolutely too urban and overcrowded.
People here know who and what is keeping them safe and independent.
I think this bodes well with general law of 'not being a dickhead'.
Yes, but why build an aqueduct
I work in software development and want to get paid
Russia doesn't need those territories they will not take them even if offered, they need enough military instability in Ukraine to guarantee that they will not be able to join NATO, if Ukraine secedes DNR/LNR, then Russia will push DNR/LNR further into Ukraine.
I just realised that I have more female friends than male
(English follows after the Latvian)
i think the profession is cut out to be filled by robots and machines only in no time
Yeah, selection bias, I select evidence over conjecture...
"Very very slowly"... I see what you did there
Probably Ivars Godmanis or Ainars Šlesers
The UN genocide convention was also approved with USSR's support.
But what did come after
Haha, most of the people I meet online don't even know what Latvia is
We got a bit of snow in Riga, Latvia last night
wiki says that the country has at least 3 languages that are widely spoken.
But that's the case - nothing gets blocked off for that.
It's the perfect weather during which to bitch about how we're Northern Europe, not Eastern.
I wouldn't say Latvians who participate in 16th of March event themselves see it as something ''patriotic'', its more about paying respect to the dead (a lot of Latvian guys died while serving in Latvian Legion, a German army unit).
so it doesnt matter whether its PO or PiS, or any other political party.
I'm pretty sure they don't teach Basque in Paris and Madrid
Isn’t it hi-purr-bowley
A Latvian, that doesn't have anything to complain about
Well, to be honest, probably our Russians appreciate that.
I want to remove them from the internet - number 3 is painful to look at.
No, this year has kinda made want to become an ecofascist unironically
You talking about Minecraft, right
Meanwhile, Latvian people are protesting on workdays, so nobody shows up.
And due to my family situation I pretty much lack words from other dialects in my vocabulary, at least active.
Placeholder name - Jānis Bērziņš
I don't think that Poles are allowed to sell Rosomaks to others on their own.
Gibt es etwas (Außer dem Autobahn) das Deutschland macht besser als die anderen
Covid 19 - masks
Well, with citizenship things are finally changing - from 2020 children of non-citizens will have Latvian citizenship by default
Just like in the USA, demand for donated organs is higher than supply.
The Livonian order was however, the earliest known organized government in Latvia, especially after it collapsed and gave way to the Duchy of Kurland, which was still unfortunately dominated by a German ruling class
No they give you 40€ fine ( not large fine, but still ...)
How come it's Briedis, no Porzingis for us?
Hi, me call John, is joy you meet
And in that Poles and Czechs and Hungarians and even Latvians, Lithuanians and Estonians and Croats were all very close to Germany culturally and certainly closer than any relationship Germany had with the US, which itself is a product of the Cold War.
People are less dependent on cars, and there's a bigger emphasis on road safety.
I'm just explaining how a case like that could have slipoed by child protective services.
As hateful, disgraceful and plain stupid as it seems, is there any chance that the photo caught him in an awkward, unintentional moment and/or angle
I'm absolutely no fan of Putin, but the UK and the US complaining about Russia's "shameful" involvement in Syria is hypocrisy.
Between Clinton and Trump, Clinton is obviously better.
Now in Afganistan: 44 Polish, 31 Georgians, 23 Romanians, 10 Czech, 9 Estonians, 7 Hungarians, 4 Latvians, 3 Slovakians, 1 Albanian and 1 Lithuanian.
I grew up in one European country, moved to another, I work with people from different European countries and my company has customers in different countries.
I remember Belgian trains never being on time.
But I've never met anyone in my country who would be charged rent (a specific amount of money) by their parents
Yeah, he was a tyrant and not a good guy
Well bread is the one thing you are sure to produce locally.
Mmm, potatoes with molten Estonia sauce
Some smaller towns likely don't have their own systems and people use intercity transport, which probably still has paper tickets that you buy beforehand or from the driver
I'm learning German as well and I find it quite easy
The picture, however, displays a coat of arms as I couldn't find a flag
I'm sure most of them exist, but it's getting into some very fine granularity, as you could in every country.
Oh, they're there
I cant keep around a small warehouse of products purchased in Germany just for comparing stuff, so I would know when to take "consumer action".
Edit: i have no idea what is this golden dawn, im talking about extremists in general and how everyone always gets called a nazi
I'm guessing Estonian is also important in Valka, just like Latvian is in Valga.
101 - simtu viens
There has been a lot of trouble in the Customs Union paradise in the last few years.
And everyone else - you’re ok too
1€ 1L of milk
English will be fine in pretty much every place where you might want to buy or eat something.
Riga
The American government is less liked than the people, although the government as well is much better perceived than 10 years ago, when it was quite unpopular abroad.
Did a couple of carthwheels while braking before my father loosened the tension wires
Suprisingly a lot of people and a quarter of them are probably tourists
Apparently they knew we were siblings, so decided they could get more money out of it
I think this is mainly due to the reason that there's not much information or entertainment in our own languages, so you have to learn English
There are plenty of crappy boutiques and other commercial stuff in old buildings.
To think Ukraine will change on a dime is silly, and suggests deeply rooted wishes for Ukraine to fail.
For the actual play, I didn't quite understand what's going on.
In 2006, we had the first comprehensive post-joining survey, and then the 18-24 old group was significantly more positive towards the EU.
Ive been to Helsinki hesburger
Are those Bauhaus style buildings
They would take turns flicking the coin until one gave up
I will not stand this
Further than Ural mountains
Investing in Eastern Poland
One of the very rare opportunities for Latvians to talk (or at least ask a question) to a politician.
The vast majority of those who are 30+ are highly skilled in Russian - completely fluent or close.
Why not start with dismantling Churches across the country?
Tipping is fairly common, but not necessary, at restaurants in Latvia, sit-down restaurants with table service that is.
I love Warhammer 40K, but the literature that follows it does not follow up to the high mark of the [opening]
Center-Right Fillon would be more dangerous for Right Le Pen then a Left Macron.
Russians are the most conservative parts of Latvian and Estonian societies.
Maybe because they sell only good Nutella in Brussels.
If you're actually interested in pursuing that, you need to talk to your grandfather to find out the details of his birth and citizenship, and then contact an Italian consulate for more information.
Realistically none
Already beautiful as it is
In Latvia, I'd need a special licence category to drive one, while in the US I could just hop in and go
It's hard for me to give advice as I've never experienced anything like this, but I can just say I'm sorry for your situation
Just to showcase how accepted it is to say bad things about Roma gypsies, I found [this thread] that I remember reading when it was new.
I for one commend our new Latvian overlords on a fantastic invasion.
Good thing [we're not part of EE anymore]
If you wanna talk to someone just DM me
Olbaltumviela = Egg-white substance (protein)
Well we've been neighbors for thousands of years, also we assimilated your livonians.
Estonians are as slow as snails, but somehow always before us.
With the pound tanking almost 20% you'd expect the wages to spike up to match the decrease in value, but they didn't and won't.
Invasion - never; heavy input - it is so.
This Summer I went from pre-paid to permanent and have unlimited calls, sms and 500m for 6,36 EUR.
Because Russian presidents don't celebrate independencies of lost teritories.
Only longer distance busses (inter-city) and only when exiting through the front door
Does anyone honestly think Putin would nuke Germany or US over Estonia?
Firstly, you have a theory — 55 hours in total.
Jesus, it was crazy
It's news agency bullshit mostly.
not Communists then
A wife of a Swedish citizen can get citizenship after 3 years, but only in Sweden.
After that, during operation Barbarossa
It's a very international industry.
Whenever I hear Dutch it always feels like they're speaking English but the second I try to pay attention to the conversation they switch to German
Glad that the Irish didn't understand him as well :D
If you need to use Riga public transport more often, then you can get personalised e-talons
The main political pundits and journalists will have said something about the candidates.
whataboutwhataboutwhatabout
Well
Yeah, it's cool
We have many little power plants on smaller rivers, so I doubt the size matters
As I began to study and understand it from a young age, it seems very simple to me, but I definitely understand people, who find it difficult to learn
Melnsila 2
I mean that whole coup fiasco, damn.
Our school did have lockers before renovation started and 1st graders still do, but otherwise we have a cloakroom and carry our books with us
I should add to your reply that in Latvia there are a lot of Wifi networks available.
I guess [somewhat above average]#By_ancestry).
Who is aggressive towards Russia?
hes not Russian, hes Ukrainian/Jewish
Depends on business model and who your major clients are generally
It’s probably around seven
If you start learning Spanish at 14 in school and limit it to an hour every week, of course you won't become fluent.
"No
Shtstool
In Russia, they announced their allegiance to the Bolsheviks and were from then on known as the ["Red Latvian riflemen"]
Brazil becoming the overlord of Portugal.
The USSR should have never happened.
Starting a company sounds pretty cool tho
communism is perhaps a better target for jokes than any other system.
" Person 1: "Tad sit dirsu pret zemi
Nemtsov was different, but they killed him
This is a problem because, for example, if you look at a decade like the 60s where USSR was doing nothing worse than sending people to work camps, torturing them in KGB basements and arresting people for listening to rock'n'roll, and claim that it was as bad Nazis - well, it just wasn't, the amount of people killed, tortured and put in camps was much lower
Russias massive armor divisions have seen to that.
Its a good thing only for unemployed or very low-pay workers.
I still don't see the link between nationalism and pro-Putin/Russia though
But no - what if someone some day might need it
Represents Latvia in the European Parliament
you'd hear Victorian race scientists saying, talking about what led the Russian breed to be this way or that way
Russian-speaking community = ethnic Russians (and Russified people of other ethnicities) living in Latvia, in the vast majority of cases moved here during Soviet occupation.
But main thing that worries me is that there is reason why Putin wanted Trump to win.
Now it's just a heart attack or a sudden illness, you're right.
But yes, there are proposals of building a new power plant in that same place, however there has been quite loud opposition since Fukushima.
One politician, when the epidemic started here continued to go to work and break quarantine, it later turned out that he had COVID-19 and that he lied to the doctors and everybody else about being abroad and meeting infected people
We don't really have a _colonized_ version of latvian but we do have latgalian which is a dialect
The building itself is a piece of art, of course, but not much anyone can do about that
I know - I did it as well when I was younger and stupider
Colapse of Maxima supermarket in Riga
The only explanation for our (Latvian) flag I ever heard was this legend about a tribe chief being laid on a white sheet and bleeding out - it was stained with blood on the sides and stayed white where the body was
Goddamit, turns out my Persian cat is actually Russian
Which is hilarious because this land never was mono-ethnic
They are 1/4 Finnic/North Germanic.
Finland and Russia had horrible relations for most of the time Finland has existed as independent country (Soviet Moscow's view was that Finland as a state is a temporary mistake that will be fixed soon, just like the Baltic states), only reason it changed was Cold war made it risky for Soviets to keep this hostility and ''we want to destroy you, just you wait'' attitude due to fear that NATO could use that against them, so they pretended that they are on good terms
Catalans are most obviously a nation, one that currently lives in another country, and there's nothing wrong with that as long as they want it.
2 or 3, all in Rīga (capital)
None really
I ordered it before any emergency measures, Pasts announced closure of all post offices before I managed to pick it up
Russians chose Putin for the same reason
It cant be compared like it, because we do not kill or displace our minorities including Russians.
Yea, and through no fault of your own.
You get to experience other countries, bang foreign speaking women, see the world, open yourself to other cultures and look at your own culture in a very ''from-the-side'' way.
It's a completely reasonable standard and what actually varies worldwide is the interpretation of reasonable.
Print letters seem more appropriate for that case
There's polish sections in tesco evert ere and there's many Polish shops
I doubt the actual 'I hate you because you're black' racism exists here, it's more of 'wow, he is black, that's so unusual, let's stare' thing.
So it's gonna be what a 5 minute day
They are "stupid" enough to have introduced conscription.
Yet, this isn't actually regulated like real-life gambling, and payout ratio is way lower than what casinos are legally required to provide
Reindeer herding is something they traditionally do and it's big in their economy now.
It's rare here as well, but I spotted it in a store selling some more foreign stuff recently and bought it, because I also read about it being bad on reddit, but vaguelly remembered (it's possible it was something else with simmilar name) having some very long time ago and then it was very good.
There's no reason for the difference to be so big among Baltic countries
In Eastern Europe (as in Poland/Hungary/Romania for instance), black people are treated pretty much the same as in any Western country, meaning that occasionally racists can be encountered, but most people don't care.
Yeah we even raided those puny americans with their area 51 back in the 17 century
is that we
That's all well and good, but what are the Latvians supposed to do?
Actually the situation in Latvia is more similar to French-Algerian situation in Algeria before war in 50ties, after which French colonists were forced to leave.
The trial period is a mix of the at-will system and strong protection.
One of them has been rebuilt to a hotel, the second is used as a huge ad banner, but the last one standing is still screwing up the riverside view of Riga (all buildings here relate to this city)
I am just wondering how is gonna do his stuff when almost half of the population clearly oppose him.
I can't find any buckwheat, as well
99 or something like that
Vatican
umm
While true, he's blaming literally everything on the EU, which is not logical at all.
They charged him with hooliganism and not wearing a seat-belt
First, to reiterate the obvious, yes, there is no single European economy.
it would not be ''each other'', it would be Serbia against EU....and EU would win
Holding a door for someone just behind you is perfectly common.
Yes, with the exception of language
It's just an orthographic issue
This wasn't fine with entitled Russian girl who still didn't seem to realise she's in South America, not Russia
The country is literally dying out
Why not use the digital purchase exceptions where a product/service can be provided during the cancellation period if the user is informed and agrees to opt-out of the 14 day cancellation period
I wouldn't call Harmony populist - they have a pretty well laid out programme, for one.
You may be okay with your residence permit if the people checking ID are feeling lenient (to be frank, the border controls are aimed at catching brown people and all checkpoints are aware of that), but bring your passport.
And it's poorer now then it was during USSR.
Apparently only Russian news are using sensationalized titles...
People from N.Ireland are British, and live in UK
Yes, for sure, but by European standards this is nothing special, unlike for emigration, in which especially Latvia and Lithuania have been way above European average.
In russia its also birds
Adhere to protestant-Lutheran religion 3.
What memo
It's a bit more than I'd like, but then I remember the -20 we're probably going to get in January and all of a sudden I'm good with this
It seems like Americans feel that nudity is something sexual, while Europeans understand it to be highly context-specific.
Everyone would standardize on English.
But a couple years ago I came across some parody organization - Radi-Aid, where Africans crowdsoursing and sending radiators and heaters over to Norway to help these people make it through cold and dark winter
Native Russian speakers are probably around
3 hydroelectric plants along Daugava have installed capacity 1550 MW, while other hydroelectric plants in Latvia have combined capacity 26 MW.
Happy cake day
Realising your friend knows your other friends, and thet friends friend knows your friends as well etc
I'm saying that independence is a meaningless word on its own
If you read my other posts on this thread you will see that I have already explained why life under Soviet Union was better.
Lose weight
Yes, everyone should actually read those PDFs to understand what kind of silliness is passed as evidence of meddling.
Daugavpils, since it's very ugly and the council of the city isn't even trying to reconstruct buildings nor roads
The Romanian anti-corruption bureau.
What do you think
Of course an attempt to understand a Polish sentence based on Russian goes wrong :)
Patriots because at the time it happened they thought they would restore Latvian independence through collaboration with nazies against Soviets which had occupied them a year before.
Kurzeme (Kurland) also has their own dialect, which is pretty cool
Russia wants one, and we either step up or roll over.
Idk how it is with modern cars but i had an older electric car with only about 100km battery range when i got it and half a year later it became only about 50 kilometres
We've got terrible blood right now due to current and historical reasons
because that's making us scared
I guess your debt is entirely up to you?
Goes to show that the Union of Anglo pig dogs is an unnatural construct and must be disassembled.
It's either Artuss Kaimiņš or Aldis Gobzems
I recently had a discussion with somebody who believed Hillary is a warmonger, [here's] how they explained why.
I have to disagree
They ruined Russia
You said that it's an intricate matter, and I won't deny it, it's not as easy as "lol wind power now".
I'm learning German as well and I find it quite easy
2004 Latvia jons the EU and nato
It has very simple grammar (no gender, no cases, fixed word order), and that allows anyone with a dictionary and time to understand everything
Either [Sun, Thunder, Daugava] or [The Eternal Milkyway]
Oof
His account name is the Russian designation for a laser-guided antitank missile.
Total invasion still means vast movement of tanks, trucks and people over difficult (woods, lakes) terrain.
0 people
Ādolfs, Vilhelms and Jurjāns for males
that last till 1940
Crusade does not explain religious differences between very catholic Lithuania+Latgale and very agnostic rest of Latvia+Estonia
[This is how it will look (Last photo)]
Most of his accounts are blocked and everyone is trying to get him to like step down from mayor but can't because he has good connections
I'm sure it did, we didn't.
Actually if you're a true bilingual, you'll find your train of thought switching languages randomly in some instances, circling around the languages you are fluent in pretty regularly.
Technically, we also didn't become communist
It's not cars, their electricity supply is based entirely on coal.
This was in itself immediately national headlines, an armed gang robbery is very unusual, and a policeman being killed is extremely rare.
We don't really have the "th" sound, so depending on the word, s/z/d is the closest approximation
The difference is very important the further north you go
Well, you're also not getting my potatoes for that
It might not be geographically correct but, if you start correcting the map, you got to start from Ireland - it's all stripes.
Latvia, maybe Estonia, Belarus.
Latvia has tallest women and has 4th tallest men in the World.
Dunno, but I'm going to need a fun theory.
Increasing military spending is seen as necessity right now.
UK was always the exception as it was never truly in.
Is it true, that Putin gets a lot of legit votes from seniors, who are used to seeing genseks in power for decades
Taxes and price hikes, while wages stagnate
The ones against (and/or by) Russia.
It is of course, as you say, not very connected with countries that are far away, but that's the case everywhere, even in the very pro-European places.
eh, what can you do.....when the majority of people agree on something (even if its wrong), it kind of becomes a legit thing
You also have to understand that no side will want to compromise most likely.
Ukraine, did not
Prussia doesn't even contain real/historic Prussia.
also a thing to take in considaration when talking about European military speding is 2008 Eurocrisis, you cant really push millions of your country's budget money into the military when your entire economy is falling apart.
I can't even imagine why they think it's okay to play moral high ground, despite being responsible for colonizing Baltics and deporting natives to the extent even comparable to ethnic cleansing in some regions, all of which is direct cause for the situation in Estonia and Latvia today.
Those numbers mean nothing as it was mostly Russians, including the Soviet/Russian Army leaving in 1994.
Not having an ambassador for 22 days is dangerous.
Sounds about right
I could never imagine that someone can be retarded enough to confuse Austria with Australia before Internet was invented.
You're right of course, there are many factors in elections, and saying that first-past-the-post necessarily results in a two-party system is wrong, but it's certainly more favourable to a two-party system than a proportional voting system.
Contrast this to Latvia, where there are not millions of 1st and 2nd generation immigrants, and it seems entirely more practical.
I don't understand why do we need more restrictions on guns?
Have you people actually listened to the kid
I should have expressed more clearly that I meant "concessions" or "propositions" rather than clear cut money aid from both sides, though the [EUAID program does fund or co-fund] several programs in Belarus.
Pfft, we don't have any navy to invade with anyway.
- UNESCO
We still have them
Sounds about right
TL;DR: It's not a figure head thing, start by avoiding politicians who only travel in circles you find questionable
Bosnia and Herzegovina definetly isn't the most corrupt country in Europe so not fully true
Absolute apathy, since Latvians *really* don't give one shit about football.
[Whiskey in the Jar] Ok, obviously not in Gaelic, but still an Irish folk song, isn't it?
Roma are an ethnic group of people that migrated from India to Europe centuries ago.
anyway, moving on
Polska house, while i moved to Ms
You definitely have some stiffness, that's making talking to you a pleasure, btw
We have nolikt karoti which means to put down the spoon
They don't really let you go live in Western/Northern Europe, so you don't actually know how pathetic are your lives.
Bosnia and Herzegovina,
Some words are the same but mostly i dont understand the other languages
If you had something to sell to Kim, befriending her would be a good start.
Barankas
There are no EU passports, you cannot be an EU citizen without being a citizen of a member nation, and vice versa.
I find that in the current year, learning cursive is pointless for most people
This wouldn't even be a major change, most EU countries are also NATO members and English is the de-facto language of NATO, with NATO soldiers already speaking English.
My bad, I assumed they were also 2014
Yeah, the pizzerias are definitely Balkan-dominated, which has certainly allowed Swedish pizza to develop a different style.
they care that it effectively prevents NATO and EU membership.
For both of them you can buy tickets in mobile apps and then show them from phone screen
Spain, Greece and others spend more than Latvia.
Just means feel
I love the Porzingis reference for Latvia.
That can lead to both a fine and a ban from Schengen.
If we had even a tenth of 73 fires/year, we would probably be stocking up on rations and gas masks
Europeans did die in American wars.
"Annex a Baltic state overnight" is where you went into fairyland.
IIRC our economy was stagnant when we switched, so it didn't cause general increase in prices like most people worry or anything, although that didn't keep people here from bitching about it, other complaints included that we're giving up or sorveignity and that in practice euro coins and banknotes are badly dedigned and there are too many coins (lats was higher value currecy than euro).
The problem is that brexiters don't want a deal that's similar to those of Norway or Switzerland
Whats the other version :D
Would a gunslinger using a slingshot be called slingslinger then?
Ugunsgrēks = Fire-sin (fire as a tragedy, e.g. a forest fire or house fire)
Only thing that kept them away was American pressure
Ok I fucked up little bit
My father used it everytime somebody in my family was too long in the toilet
Overall people ride on sidewalks, which is actually illegal, but as a cyclist I can say that most people are just too scared to ride on the road
For some reason in UK they are called “cash point machine” which seems clunky and takes longer to say than “ATM”.
Usually there are studies about different religions in course of culture history, like basics about the major ones
....well this is not Germany, and Latvians unlike Germans, did not start World war 2 and all the mess that came with it.
I live in Latvia and I currently have really like the Netherlands.
Maybe he translates weird language combinations where it's harder to find translators (like I don't know, Turkish to Latvian or Finnish to Maltese) but I really don't see how this is any useful for the EU institutions.
But is that comparable to Russia still
Fuck that
The last EU election had a turnout of 42%, EU-wide, which is very bad.
Those sprats would come alive with the water quality in Gulf of Riga...
She also claimed that boys get taught to dress like girls in school and all sorts of other crap
>With the exception of recently released blockbusters, **there is no evidence to support the idea that online copyright infringement displaces sales
We will not ever see a war between France and Germany
Why
Once the old emperor would die the new pretender would have to invade Italy to be crowned as Emperor by Pope in Rome.
IIRC in preparation for school year.
Seems here there is legal requirement in construction standards for temperature in Winter to be 18 degrees in most rooms, 25 in bathroom (not toilet) and 16 in entry halls
Climate change is totally a hoax
I have always hated writing and reading cursive, and I will avoid it in all cases where there are viable alternatives
A large reason for low inequality was that no one had shit, education and healthcare was free and available to anyone, and also equally bad for anyone, and the economy was ultimately unsustainable
Yes, of course
worry and warn others about the game (nice marketing) 2.
Chapter 1
If you're in Europe you probably can get them in nice condition from your national bank, if not it's probably still easier and safer to go to currency exchange and ask, but there are also plenty of businesses selling for collectors just look up whoever offers a full set
problems only start with the language
No but we have 4 (maybe 5 IDK Im not so good at history) dialects (divided by past terretorys)
But
Germany/HRE
Right, but at the same time Latvians and Lithuanians are happier than us.
Puts things into perspective
- Committee for International Cooperation in National Research in Demography
So far only 1 person has been confirmed dead and about 8 injured, but it's hard to imagine the number is that small considering a huge chunk of a building straight up vanished
I have no idea what goes on in there
Which are your criteria for failure or success?
Lithuania and Latvia are a pretty strong pair
I'm not 100% sure Germany will fight for Baltics, but for Poland they most likely will or they dont really deserve to be country anymore.
Well, my dad spoke to a few linguists, and they've said that Latgalian is a language, where as Kurdish (Kurzeme) is still a dialect
Yeah, exactly, just prepareing internally and haven't still made an exit.
There one that comes to mind
Latvia was a part of Russian Empire.
If he insists on using only Russian and English in his social media communications, then he is ignoring his constituents that speak neither of those languages.
yep
Putekļsūcējs - dust sucker (vacuum cleaner)
Whether you'll actually be granted citizenship is up to Italy, which is why you need to talk to their consulate after clarifying your own family background.
Yet, this isn't actually regulated like real-life gambling, and payout ratio is way lower than what casinos are legally required to provide
I just wanted to comment on the white-red-white flag.
In real life I apply the same concept by Googling nearly every word I don't understand
Me too
I will
If your grandfather was born an Italian citizen, and if his American son/daughter (your parent) never formally renounced their right to Italian citizenship, then you probably formally qualify for Italian citizenship through ancestry.
Then learn the pronounciations of the letters
I might have had a different opinion if not for the seething hate for cursive I acquired due to being forced to write useless shit in school
It's always fun to rub it in his face when Dinamo beat Jokerit, but still, Finland doing well is inevitable
It's a different kind of cheesecake, made with cottage cheese, drier and more crumbly
You're like the most Baltic person in the world then.
There was absolutely nothing of the sort
And when you live in Latvia with this kind of salary you can save shit load of money.
> "We are not fighting against single individuals
That doesn't fit the left narrative.
It's so disgusting my brain can't even register it as food
We actually got the 'kerta' part in yksin-kerta-inen from a Baltic language.
The building itself is a piece of art, of course, but not much anyone can do about that
It also doesn't explain Lithuania in which this is much smaller demographic, but the result in question is about the same
Since you where part of that for 200 years.
Cēsis or Kuldīga for me
Those are the same, except different racourses
I dont hate Russia btw
Picked the wrong week for my trip to Poland
Latvia and Lithuania without a doubt
And I'll never understand wtf is a middle name
They wanted or it happened and they decided to make the most of it
Commute took me 1 hour and 15 minutes.
We played this too, when it was only boys the penalty for missing a catch was a kick in the ass
It’s kinda very patriotic and symbolises independence from Soviet Union
It is already happening in certain European countries.
Not just "no", but rather, "what the hell?".
Boxer, Leopard 2, Puma, they are state of the art
I guess pronouncing the k was too much work for them
Vacation planning is always fun!
YES, it's like the advent but instead of lighting a candle each Sunday we watch Home Alone each Friday
Yes has been for many years now
* Private health insurance
TL; DR: Lots and lots of commieblocks
The language stuff isn't it - Russian has plenty of borrowings from French for instance.
This is the essence of the Red Terror
Price varies 0,7-1,3 depending on brand and a shop
The bit about Latvian being the exclusive language doesn't help either
Russia - Krievija
Also Livonian, which is related to Estonian and Finnish
Wait 15 languages
It is indeed surprising
Wait
Then 50 year of Soviet rule untill
Priecīgus Ziemassvētkus
Glāze : cup
Melnsila 2
Most of the Russian-speaking Latvians will vote for the Russian parties just because they're Russian, and since the minority is 30 or so per cent of the country it adds up.
People (mostly americans) who have never heard the language immediately think it would be like Russian cause "pOSt SovIeT cOuNTrY", but me and my family were in Austria once (so German speakers) and a couple of people said that they felt like they're listening to German but somehow cannot understand a word
If it allows it to happen or is complicit in it, that's a failure of a specific government, not the economic system
Why not - the dutch build up their amphibious force, while the germans provide the tanks.
Kinda like the situation in Latvia then with the Germans then?
First of all, what mountans
Ah, could it be any other country to give birth to world's least violent game
it almost seems that all is coming down.
So there you go - just how Russian disinformation is used to influence public opinion of Latvia abroad.
Our umemployment levels are way lower than Finland, and our emigration rates are pretty low compared to what they were before and are in Latvia and Lithuania for example.
We have "Who owns the state".
But why haven't you guys changed everything back?
I mean, they sound somewhat similar, you know
Not many, but I find it as a good thing!
You mean put salt on your skin and rub it with an ice cube
Church attendance peaks at Christmas with 18% attending, church attention in general is probably somewhere around 2%.
Fifth fastest internet in the world
Does History of Latvia last throughout 5-6 years of school?
It defies reason to even imagine he beat a cycling record that doped up 20-somethings set.
Sounds like a cool little club, but I'll be honest, I know next to nothing about Latvia and Lithuania.
Acctually you're kind of right - they symbolize Eastern and Western regions of the country in both cases i.e.
I like it
That's because Finnish is a Finno-Ugric language and not Indo-European like French, Russian, Greek, English, Swedish, Latvian or most other languages spoken in Europe.
Firstly the Baltics have to be taken as a strategic whole - that's why the Soviet Union annexed all three at once in 1940.
If swans do that kind of thing, which i highly doubt, probably some agenda driven "science" story - anyway that doesn't apply to human species.
Nereta
8L engine with a munual, while in USA-Audi A4 220hp 2
And at Covid
What on earth
And Vatican is a country, the only difference appears to be that they're not interested in finding a piece of unclaimed land
You either die as a hero, or live long enough to become the villain
Actually, there is a food bowl in Latvian prison.
Daugava and Lielupe are hellish in that sense.
You are as honorary member Latvians.
«Choral Eurovision» is coming to Latvia
We simply don't have human resources (not enough of qualified teachers who know how to work with bilingual system)
At what point does it become worth it to use nukes against Russia and end all life?
Currently it's no buckwheat
There is way too much Soviet legacy remaining in Baltic states to not call them ex-Soviet.
Latvia is like Austria, only with no potato
No such thing needed in Latvia, as every single word in Latvian is pronounced as it's written
*It just works*
Western countries did nothing of that sort
Before 2014, nobudy thought Ukraine and Russia would be in any kind of conflict, and yet here we are.
But as an outsider from another European country, seems both main UK parties have policies to sustain some form of free market liberal socialism, just with balance between social policies and market policies slightly different for each party
However, I'd also say there's an East/West divide there too, a great part of that reason being that the Nazis and Soviets tried to stamp a lot of it out and exterminated the arts and culture scene in a lot of areas - cooking included
Not really in the alphabet itself.
Same story here, just replace Latvia with Poland hehe, home sweet home.
I was born and raised on deeply sad stories from the Soviet and Nazi times.
It has been said before but I'll repeat: Portuguese refer to Eastern Europe has "Russia" mostly because of how far away it is and how unattached we are from those countries.
However, I am fairly sure this is actually part of our constitutions principles that made it possible.
Maybe even 300
Latvia maybe, because of the beautiful and unique colour and stripe layout.
We have mulled wine (Gluhwein) though
700 years of one way Slav-Jewish migration, influence and you become a minority in your own historical region.
I knew the public transit was pretty bad in most cities, but I didn't realize to what extent
Against a single unified enemy it wouldn't do as well as the raw numbers would suggest.
The petition "[against sending Slovenian troops to Latvia] has been running since July last year, and has only managed to gather 1500 signatures - that's 50% less people signed, compared to [Petition for airing newest season of Rebelde] which got over 3000 signatures.
Varka
Why fireworks were forbidden
Our ancestors followed herds of animals, moved to cities, moved to colonies gave up farming and become workers, miners and office plankton.
While "gaisa pūķis" is absolutely correct, it feels *so* weird to say it
only no recognition for Latgallian
Everyones so sorry for greece, but theyre still better off than us -
Artuss Kaimiņš - he's hipocritical and has a very high ego
Hey don't ask me, I just took it from the Italian Imperialism wiki page, presumably it's the different stages of the plan.
Oh, and sing about pussycats
The time of Roth, Künast and Trittin is mostly over anyway.
Each person can chop 1 tree for free
You do realize this was European parliament elections?
Right
" It just sounds so different in Latvian("arbūzs")
From my perspective, you still have the prevailing belief that people's problems are due to their own failings.
reminds me of old Latvian orthography having neeeeet for modern neieiet
In Latvia, I'd need a special licence category to drive one, while in the US I could just hop in and go
For Latvia:
Outside of those it just feels intrusive to mention religion.
Spez-----
It is still possible to stumble in forests to remains of wartime equipment and in same forest to stumble on rock formation predating crusades (my ex-wife found some German and soviet helmets half buried right next to rock pile from much older times), rarer is to find money deposits
Given that refugees, like all people, require at least basics like housing and food, there are only so many that each country can help.
The ancestors of Latvians and Lithuanians were cut off during Northern Crusades, and generally for the next 600 years were part of different countries
Yeah, Faith of Maersk didn't do that well in *The Winds Of Winter*.
Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong
As others have already said, my experience with religion is that everyone keeps it to themselves.
It wasn't oligarchy because USSR leadership didn't own factories.
12-13th century, during the northern crusade
I thought some Swedes took the ferry to Latvia too?
There is a legitimate discussion buried under these insults, don't throw the baby out with the bathwater
Their so-called opposition still thinks that Crimea belongs to Russia and that Baltic states are a bunch of russophobic nazis who should also be reeducated and annexed to Russia
My family includes Ilgvars, Ilmārs, Skaidra
True that, brother
Well, considering that in both Estonia and Latvia Russophones are 30%+, is it really that surprising?
I missed the amazing [cow coin] but it's also [returning in Euro form] so that's fine.
Latvian "red's" were at the center of the Russian Civil War and took up various positions of power in the USSR afterwards
Believe or not, but it's possible to keep your native language and still have English as an official language
30 percent isn't that much considering many of them were no more then lobbying establishments for foreign governments.
Thank you
"Maukas lohi" in Finnish means "tasty salmon", in Latvian "Slut loser" lmao
Geography aside, British culture, language, inventions and political ideas are a core part of Europe.
Just like Germans
But I refridgarate both, it's conveniet
Estonia always wanted to be one of the Scandinavian countries, their language isn't similar to Lithuanian/Latvian, their lifestyle is different, etc.
Actual wind outside, nah, fine; stuffy air, CO and CO2 poisoning inside, also fine but god forbid there's air moving inside, you can get all kinds of ailments from it
They buy from us building materials, but as far as I know that is definitely not that widespread
- EuroVoc
Not liking is putting it mildly for many, but what it is indisputable is that Lithuanian sounds like drunk Latvian
The UN considers Czechia, Poland and Hungary to be in Eastern Europe, but not the Baltics.
There was a union of sovereign states, the federal government couldn't do much without unanimous agreements from the states.
We also have an independence day and restoration of independence
Often resulted in clotheslining, especially for shorter kids
Also, I don't think games get translated in Latvian anyway
Sweden because it's just across the Baltic Sea and there's 2 boats per day; most Latvians have done it a few times and it's like a rite of passage as a teenager to take the party boat to Stockholm
I'll believe that climate might limit crops or some areas might be more-fertile than others, but I'd be very surprised if Latvia's agricultural land is less than a tenth as productive as the horrendously-expensive Dutch or Danish farmland, though that's what the listed agricultural pricing would indicate.
The whole country loves it during the summer
Visa is global
It was a must-have skill for [LRD]
Living in Siberia - unless with established logistic links that provide food and other utilities - would be a really bad fucking experience.
she is not a dictator who influences and does everything
Latvians are pretty superstitious in general so any bs like this has pretty fertile ground to grow in
The end result might be essentially the same, it may be changed a little or it may also result in significant change, for better or worse, down the line as that mess plays itself out
In space *nothing* is easy
Here in Latvia you could get a luxury apartment the size of a regular house in an exclusive living area, a nice ~250-400 square meters house in a fancy area, or a semi run down ~900 m2 house in an average/shabbier area
This reminds me of parts of the Brno - Prague highway
Latvia doesn't have eyes, or it's just too late and I can't see
Which means you don't know or refuse to understand the context that these people who are being honored fought for Latvias independence against a occupation regime that heavily repressed latvians before and after these events.
And Heroes, too
Can confirm (select parts of) USA is prettier.
We won't have Russians become the majority either, the share of ethnic Latvians is increasing slowly but steadily.
Latvian masterplan is to make everything Latvia and Switzerland
In Estonian: Sittu ruttu, karu tuleb
Why in the Netherlands the bottle of water costs 2 euros
There's a city named Ape too
Latvia is the smallest colonial power in the history of the World
I've been researching about this for a while however most places have high tuition fees for non-EU citizens.
Potatoes and Russians aren't everywhere you see here
in Soviet Russia
Very unlikely to happen as it would require the legal creation of an EU citizenship.
Not necessarily corrupt
We have a pretty interesting process.
I don't see how it's an issue with capitalism
Truly a force to be reckoned with
Soviets for them are a this caricature evil ruling people with violence and gulag, they cant even comprehend the astonishingly effective subtleties what accompanied that.
I just guess franca would really be lingua franca then
Latvia is an independent democratic republic
[This is how a real Latvian pirts (sauna) looks like]
What is wrong with nationalism?
Could be cold beetroot soup with ...kefir
A beautiful country, the towns look nice
I think I'm gonna join this tradition
Chill guys
[Menuets – Dziesma, Ar Ko Tu Sācies] folk/rock
And I don't see other parties acknowledging that the previous-century migration has made many parts of Western Europe fucking shit to the extent that Eastern Europe feels like a safety utopia.
A castle built by the Knights of the Livonian Order overlooking the port of Ventspils
Do not look in materials you have gathered for evidence that a suspect acted or spoke against the Soviet authorities
Most have mediocre armies and far too low spending
Meanwhile we lose 20 000+ a year.
But since I'm a Latvian and so very aware of the role of language in society, I'm always afraid I'm pissing Finns off by talking Swedish.
When Prisma still was open here, they had packaged farmed deer and moose meat
Post ww1 Baltic States win their wars of independence (Lithuania losses viļņus)
Who knew she was an agent after all these years i was with her
Pretty sad
Plus, whenever I have defended Estonian and Latvian SS-units, there is always someone, who doesn't get their difference if compared to German SS-units and calls me a Nazi sympathizer...
He is the top capo of the communist mafia, responsible for everything that is going wrong in Slovenia and worldwide.
I know a Swiss guy who drinks Sprite with beer.
About the fucking time
Lithuania/PL Commonwealth
Very big island called Eurasia
Otherwise, you're missing out on the joy of having only 3 hours of daylight/darkness
Black people do get stared at though because there are very few in the country.
French for me so far
15 euro, but I'm a student, and my personalised e-talons have student discount so I can buy rides for 0
States like Poland or Latvia actively shut out refugees and block EU proposals that would make them accept more of them.
Lesotho
Or is NATO the only thing stopping that?
this is not a land for weaklings my friend
But I do, I can't get myself to day Czechia at all
we have it too
> If such a word is placed on a car, and isn't otherwise promoted, for example, by shouting or otherwise expressing, such writing isn't suitable basis for sanctioning
You're meant to buy a card somewhere in the city, top it up, and scan it when you enter the bus
In Latvian it's just "paldies". After it, you can add pronouns for whom the thank you is intended, but the word itself doesn't change
I wish it wouldn't be this hot
11 - vienpadsmit
Yes, of course
CLEAR THE LOBBY
It surprised me how much central Wellington resembled Birmingham or Manchester
So now we celebrate the soldiers whose lives were thrown into the meat grinder (by the tsar) that was the eastern front of WW1, and we celebrate the soldiers that defended Latvias newfound independence from Germans and Russians
Russia keeps Finland alone now, because Finnish military has grown so strong in the last 30 years that Russia cant afford to bully them anymore how they used to
Kudos for Lithuanians though, they have the best roads in the region!
If every store in your vicinity sells Nutella "Eastern Europe Edition" your only recourse is to stop buying Nutella altogether and lead Nutellaless existence.
30 years after USSR i feel like Latvian traditions have become only stronger
Montenegro seeks Russians, Serbians over election attack
Finland - Somija
Shoppings malls and cinemas, bowling, bars etc
And make the UK pay for it
It literally means a dragon
Welcome to the club
WW2 was 70 years ago you are allowed to get that old Prussian spirit back.
It's serves purely entertainment purpose.
Maybe some charity ad that has a reference to some religious org in the footnote
This drill is within NATO's territory.
Turkey probably
Oldest building I've been in today is from 1876, a very centrally located building that is a hotel and a pharmacy.
Finance/legal/accounting - London
And then it's dumb again because the party primaries are dumb - caucuses are a plain joke, there are strange voter registration rules and so on, basically resulting in a situation where voting is an effort, while it should be as easy as possible.
I work in Sweden and couldn't be happier with the system where it's basically first name in all cases.
When Russia has a smaller economy than Italy or Canada or even South Korea they are far less dangerous to Finland, Baltics, Poland or any other countries around them.
not that i know of
"Open the page 65, read the text, answer the question below the paragraph, next Friday a test memorize this and this".
Even in countries where an IDP isn't required to legally drive, rental companies may still ask for one.
I feel very European, maybe because I was brought up in a very pro-Europe environment
I believe yes, we do, but those are generally unused.
It's actually not easy at all, without a titanic investment and holistic approach which are not favored in modern market economies
Yes
Sliņķis - lazy one (sloth)
Not just grids, most housing is not designed with electric consumption levels that accommodate heating
When I went to Poland I was really surprised of why there were billboarda everywhere
Not true
Technically не isn't a word so that's not really a good example
I've seen it 10+ times, mostly showing it to other people, seeing their reaction, laughing our asses off together
I thought it was super cool :)
Why don't Portugal integrate/unite together with Spain?
France has history of "betrayal".
1 channel lost its position a decade ago
Me too, the money would be better spent if it was pooled for a EU Army.
Freezing <-15C, cold <0C, Chilly <10C, Nice <15C, warm <23C, otherwise hot
May the next 100 years be much better than the first ones
There’s a video from Latvian song and dance festival
Lithuania and Latvia are a pretty strong pair
“And after a detailed examination of the facts, the government came to the conclusion that Holten had been wrongly dismissed,”
Would you feel comfortable if your child was in a relationship with ___?
Oh, please, when it comes to post-Soviet countries Russia always insists on giving citizenship to any former Soviet citizen and is rather happy to give them citizenship itself, a criminal comes along and suddenly all the principles go out the window and it's very important where he used to live decades ago
You know, I bet there's a more famous scandalous Austrian, though
Nope but they've been known to piss on Monument of Freedom, running around drunk and naked, and starting fights in McDonald's in Latvia
its times like these when I wonder
Everyone just says Čehija, not Čehijas Republika
We love you estonia
"Laimīgu neatkarības dienu, Latvija
Latvia's flag is similar, how about them instead?
Rather than paying the bus driver, you can just hop on the bus here with no walking past the driver, or anything
United States
If you mark minority languages in Lithuania with different colors, then you should do it elsewhere as well.
That's really awesome
Libertarianism is an idiotic ideology
It's hard for me to give advice as I've never experienced anything like this, but I can just say I'm sorry for your situation
Rafale and Typhoons are overpriced.
I think Mārtiņdiena, just like other old traditional celebrations, is slowly but surely dying.
Everything in one palce
The risk of being at poverty decreases the younger you are in Latvia.
And even then, there is a large Russian minority that does not present itself in Romania, how would be treated.
Home because of a very similar city layout to my city, foreign because i couldn't understand anyone
Wasn't it September 28th of 1939
Any ideas why that might be since it would seem to agree with your experience - of what is conventional where you live - as well?
we don't have mountains but on trails we just smile awkwardly and nod
Hope this shit closes mink farms for good
who knows what really was going on...
All the western media have to be controlled then.
The UK normally sides with the USA and most people seem to believe that we are more similar to the Americans than to e.g.
That wouldn't reflect the use of the language, but would be a map of official languages.
When you define things like this, you can say that starvation defines socialism
It's hard for me to give advice as I've never experienced anything like this, but I can just say I'm sorry for your situation
If anything - in ways at least at the start under Lenin - they left us alone after that.
France is pretty much one terror act away from going full FN.
Latvians did it (with a little help from our German friends
2015 was a horrible year for Europe in terms of terror attacks.
Then the one whose hands are on the bottom would try to slap the top of the other kids hands before they can react
Say any of this things to colored people and it's racism, xenophobia etc, but saying these things about us is somehow okay and universally accepted...
And I thought it was CS:GO reference lol
>It doesn't mean Finlandization, but a constant converstation
This is where the fun begins
The only 2 countries they know the locations of are UK and Spain
I am not averse to the idea of living in the UK in principle, it's not one of those "I don't want to live there" countries for me, but I would need some strong incentives.
According to UN data for 2015 (so - newer data, the CIA numbers in the OP are for 2011), [Latvia is ahead of Estonia by nearly 1%!]
And as for not having it to avoid discrimination - it seems many people find it important to be able to officialy affirm their identity, it was rather controversial when the option was removed from passports for some time
blyad, Eesti, why do you plan on attacking Mother Russia?
It's mostly due to hydropower though
Libertarianism is an idiotic ideology
Genocide is an attempt to destroy a particular ethnicity.
i... i cant talk about this anymore
We don't have one and I'm afraid a Christmas market here would be an uncontrollable experience
A real eye-opener on how to tell if TripAdvisor reviews are accurate or not
Besides, whiteboards are more useful for drawing diagrams than bullet points
Fiskars mostly sells Garden tools here, though, I'd expect to buy them at construction and/or gardening supply store, not pharmacy
Yes, we have the Russian gauge for our current railways but the new [Rail Baltica] is built in European standard gauge
It was ridiculous, I laughed all the way through
Awesome meal
At first they were blocky all-caps printed letters, while you learned to actually read
Nah, not mixed in that sense, but I've moved from Latvia to Sweden, and it seems that dual nationality has become common enough in Europe with the freedom of movement.
Anyhow, it's a mandatory fee, even though it's not tuition.
Latvians also swear too much in russian.
Personally, I would have no issue with having a free trade agreement of some sort between the UK and the EU if it is beneficial to both parties (and it certainly would be), yet the stance of the Brussels is "get out, now."
A lot of people in Russia still praise Lenin and Stalin
But, to be honest, not something I would want to eat *every* day
To be honest, as a late riser, I quite like it but I see why some might not
I swear in the future there will be a comedy series about Brexit and it's aftermath
Public transportation becomes convenient
Isn't this the same fire where that Romanian rock band died
It's a bad taste, but it's on a creator of this map not me.
Because I've seen ample evidence that in Russia many laws are made so the powers that be always have a legal reason to do what they want.
Not enough ice on Iceland
Just in general, the more socialist and gun controlled the country is, the worse violent crime gets.
The pronunciation isn't that bad either, it just takes practice, every time I try to say something I just imagine that I'm mocking someone and it works
Because of that I will go all in with pea and pork stew with homemade strawberry cake in Latvian flag colors.
Before learning about all this Finland simping I treated Estonians exactly the same way as Lithuanians, but now I'm a bit more careful
because they pay money for weapons.....and if you are a weapon making company, you want someone to do that you know...
Russian minority in Latvia and Estonia has been an issue since the nineties.
Sure, just like china doesnt belong to the chinese...
Wonder what foreigners think when they can get an "ass" kebab
That decision is political and can be made if all EU members do it together.
Turns out that without government regulation scams and thievery run rampant
Alternatively, the [merchant navy flag of the Duchy of Courland and Semigallia] is also somewhat iconic
Maybe Germans could give us some money we are smaller and need less to go around.
Ok, since you asked so nicely, we will be moving jobs to Latvia.
I would be inclined to agree with you, the issue is that "Eastern Europe" is the most inconsistent term as far as subdivisons of Europe go.
If Russians are so cynical that they're willing to let theirs do it - and spit back at our face when we protest about it, then fuck 'em all.
No, most people are happy to be in the EU as it brings many benefits such as free trade, free travel and most lately a unified currency (even though some are nostalgic of the Latvian Lats).
You know the one indicating that Poland only was this size for ten years?
At like early November there were a few places with a bit of snow but soon after it vanished
Probably Finland, but Latvia is a close second.
hi neighbor
Fuck it, Chelyabinsk for new capital
Americans, because no one from Europe really ever  says "Europe".
So according to their logic the Baltic states should never have left from the international recognized borders of Russia.
Russians overwhelmingly vote for a pro-Russian party that is politically closer to Kremlin's positions than to EU/Western ones, while non-Russians overwhelmingly vote for the other parties, none of which is pro-Russian at all.
I of course do not get annoyed at that.
Polish are hard working, honest people.
Maybe Poland would take it
* First Sunday in December (in mourning) — In memory of victims of communist genocide
I feel very European, maybe because I was brought up in a very pro-Europe environment
Interestingly enough, interest in these subjects is mostly prevalent in younger, decently educated and well-off people
I feel like to a lot of non-European people Europe is England, France, Italy/Spain and Russia (+Scandinavia, if you're advanced), take it or leave it
In real life I apply the same concept by Googling nearly every word I don't understand
Hesburger's the only place we frequent
**Lithuania:**
Maybe elites are the most fit to rule.
Potato marketing agency
Both history subjects begin in 6th grade, in 9th grade there is an exam that is technically for the History of Latvia, but you WILL fail if you don't know the other subject.
It's just that influencial people tend to have ties with other influencial people, meaning that politicians, almost invariably will not be strongly influenced by any given voter not on that list
I'm more interested in seeing how people that look like Latvians - i.e.
Although I can understand some Lithuanian, I don't understand a word in Estonian.
I am just pointing out the hovering stigma and you can't blame people for having that, but at the same time people should be looking forward.
Next thing to learn — now to swim
Never
* Item 2
This reminds me of the story that [Finland isn't real]
The problem with this is that you already can't do that under the previous anti-smoking law, so what's the point of that segment?
It wasn't about independence, it was about joining another country, during military occupation of said country.
It’s probably around seven
Why did Russia invade, or at least heavily subsiside the war in, Ukraine?
* 14 June (in mourning) — In memory of victims of communist genocide
Ariane and Airbus is French not "European".
I like how Latvians overuse -s suffixes.
Not at everything, Latvia has bigger Russian minority.
In Latvia it would be interesting to take place during the singing revolution, 1986 - 1991
more or less fine
Dastardly Latvian terrorists attempt to storm US Embassy
no, they said that those alleged actions don't matter if intent and knowledge cannot be proven.
And, again, this a failure on a regional level.
I've heard a lot of the locals know the other side's language, but otherwise probably Russian for people >40 and English for those <40
I can easily find a different job if I want, and the strong employment contract doesn't particularly hinder me because no employer would expect me to available next week.
I wouldn't even know about the case if it weren't for BBC coverage.
These are both buildings lighted by yellow lights and reflected in water, while everything around looks dimmer and not reflected in the water.
Gotta love that german influence.
Suprisingly Latvian has a lot in common with German
* Statistically they both are well off eating meat filled cabbage rolls (Kāpostu Tīteņi)
the country started the war, everyone aknowledges it and it's understood that occupying it is a defensive response, but not if you invade neutral countries or blow something up near their border and say they've started a war etc.
Even IKEA has a wide selection
The rest is the same
City rights had little to do with the influence Luebeck had on the Baltic region.
Tell that to Latvians any time before 1940.
I can't believe how many are blaming others for what is clearly something unworkable to begin with.
right, and glorious Serbian authoritarian dictatorship of that time is not
What exactly are you implying there?
Also, not needing a special drivers licence to drive a big-ass camper van
Latvia doesn't have eyes, or it's just too late and I can't see
The only thing from the dialect of Letigallia that I've heard is a song, "Vysskaistuokajai meitiņai". Spelling might not be right
Bridges or smth
The most popular pizza here is topped with kebab meat.
Zigfrīds Anna Meierovics (first foreign minister and second prime minister of Latvia)
[This product] I spotted yesterday in cooking magazine among non-traditional ideas you can surprise with this Christmass and advice on how to ensure your tangerine is no GMO E-chemical crap
If wonder if Macron becomes president, will he stop French colonization of Bretagne, Elsass, Corsica, Catalonian and Basque regions.
I've NEVER seen a woman sunbathe topless
to a large part of our population than the Soviets
I was born there and I know the native language.
Meanwhile, newly built concert halls are popping up in every self-aware small-town, one of those with a rather cocky city mayor just opened a concert-hall named Latvia (in a town of some 30k residents)
What's this - Estonian island pride?
you had the same christian influenced culture
I am going to offend like 90% of reddit ,but nuclear energy is cheapest and cleanest.
I dont know, why they not working together to buy similar equipment.
As in USA refueling planes/aircraft carriers or other eu /NATO country airfields.
He's trying to finally calm her down as the rest of us get off the bus, and we can't take it anymore
Among younger people there are a bit more who do not speak Russian, and in the under-20 group it's not uncommon to have only minimal grasp of Russian.
Also the Russian anthem is powerful and admittedly excellent musically, a shame about the history though.
I’m pretty sure there’s an island in Estonia almost exclusively populated by the Sàmi
Those for whom the Nazis were a temporary better than the Soviets?
Russian: Священная Римская империя
It's +20 in my study and +16 in my bedroom
In February it was the [mass resignation] In March - banning of contestant.
little/cute/tiny money = naudiņa
kebab and burgers
Non-EU European countries such as Iceland or Norway are also EASA members, and the EASA has agreements with countries that aren't joining the EU anytime soon (Albania, Ukraine, Turkey, Russia, and so on).
For example Latvia already gets 39% of it's energy from renewable [energy sources.]
Also these people wanted to make a independence referendum around 1991/1992 but weren't let by Kiev, why shouldn't they have the right to do it, if for example parts of Serbia try to separate from it?
Technically we have some linguistic autonomy at least at the school level - there are attempts to abolish education in Russian, but the government has tried to do that already 20 years ago
Thank you
There is an old wives tale that at one point Latvian was spoken so much in the Kremlin, that Stalin had to issue an order that only Russian is to be spoken in the Kremlin
It has always been considered a staple of quality here
But if Putin's looking for recommendations it would probably be the Latgale region it has its own language and culture plus it houses the largest Russian minority outside of Riga I believe
I was travelling through Siaulia, there's a lot of them
We may even have different concepts about what does make a personality and what shall be considered as a change to it :)  Let's just assume you have independent and stiff personality
I know a lot of people who have been considering to change their job for years.
I can't say we are doing too terribly but we were indeed hurt by the sanctions.
Our government will make sure you get more money soon.
If you go plainly by data from GlobalFirePower then Portugal boasts a 211k active reserve personnel, but that doesn't mean the same thing as for example American 1100k reserve personnel.
I agree, Ananass shouldn't be allowed on a pizza.
Romania sounds like a mania of ro, whatever ro is
In Latvia it would be interesting to take place during the singing revolution, 1986 - 1991
Would the solution be *final*?
I mean, it's only got Belarus being a visa-requiring douche country in the way otherwise it'd be only a little bit longer a drive than Poland
No, the reason for EU was to take control over the world.
EU members have to allow citizens of other EU nations to move and settle pretty much unconditionally, hard to see the US allowing that.
Graphs like these don't signify the rise of logic and pure thought that you might want to see
You appear ignorant of history.
Once this member has to replace the first language with another it does affect the way person behaves in its own brain at list
Overstaying your visa would be bad.
Any other stereotypes
Arabic translator at German refugee camp says migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians
Oh, I can get behind that in general, but why are forces needed "especially in Germany"?
More like
As long as base is used for NATO operations I'm fine, apart from that I would not want them anywhere near
pretty much......calling Russia of that time ''Russia empire'' or ''Soviet union'' would be wrong, since it was in deep civil war that didn't fully end until early 1920's.
Things were simpler in the Estonian-Latvian border town Valga, but only for locals.
"Where the baron goes"
Soviets literally invaded Poland together with Nazis......shook their hands and had drinks with Germans on work well done in occupied Poland.
Then go to Pripyat/Chernobyl as a day trip or overnight with [these guys] I'm fascinated by Pripyat and have seen photos and videos from their tours with both ordinary people and journalists or other recognizable persons.
The difference versus some bigger languages is that all of those subdialects are pretty much individually counted for every town.
EDIT: me and all my friends also cheer for every baltic state in sport and stuff like this
Do Africans even had/have a distinctly African philosophy?
I think it's fun and would do it myself, if it wasn't so expensive considering it's just a novelty.
Love you fellow Europeans
Not really such a big news - our population has been at a [relative standstill] for about a decade now, although mostly in a slight decrease.
-Hungarian
All I am saying is don't fucking protest for a cause of you don't have a solution for
Of course the irony is that Turkey is not there, even though Turks have actually attacked and killed Russian soldiers and their allies in the last few years, and multiple times at that
Today is the Remembrance Day of the Latvian Legionnaires
I'm more baffled that one of my country's representatives voted No on the directive but at the same time voted No on possible amendments
Person 1:"Here i made you an omelette". Person 2: "I dont want it
And on the "making the bridge safer part", they put some big steel stuff on 1/8th of the bridge, its still unfinished for 2 years
Before every major tournament recently, I've seen so much overestimation of England that it's totally weird.
Czech Republic, Slovakia, Latvia, Lithuania, Northern Ireland and I'm probably missing some.
I can't think of any instance where cursive is actually better for any useful purpose besides instances where you are forced to write on paper due to some archaic processes that can't be done electronically
Better ask yourself the question if you're going to whine indefinitely or leave the eu finally?
As far as I know, it's simply an issue of how British English specifically is used, where "Asian" is commonly used for the Indian subcontinent.
Aragon > Castille
They charged him with hooliganism and not wearing a seat-belt
Jesus christ my country is red
We are in 6th place which is surprising considering how much our politicians and society alike cries about low birthrates.
No wonder people thought of Mongols as scourge of god.
This is xenophobic blame shifting that Russians really seem to like these days - it's always Latvian Rifflemen, Stalin who was Georgian or any number of Soviet leaders who were Ukrainians or yet something else, nevermind that all of them were Soviet nationals acting in Soviet interests (which in this particular case included fighting war against what has become modern Latvia) - they're blood was tainted and therefore Russians, who were majority of population, don't have anything to do with it.
The difference is that people in Baltics never wanted to be part of USSR.
15 - piecpadsmit
Technological factors will prevent dropping gas or other fosilie fuels from providing the district heating needs
We've altered it a bit more - it's Somija
As I'd heard it, those were the ambassadors of those countries that met regularly to exchange the post
3 - trīs
Yeah, as others said, it's not so much about the racism situation now as it is about the history.
When Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga (first female president) was elected people thought: Ohh, look, a female can be a president too
Russian journalists claims Latvian soldier-remembrance day torch walk has parallels with Nazi Germany
A bit hard to see it in overall context when it used to be tied to ethnical stuff all the time
This is mine now
You Serbs where a very naughty boys and deserved it.
For a while i thought Baden and Bavaria was the same place haha
We're too preoccupied with the veterans of ww2 becoming more numerous every year for the rally of the (soviet) victory day
Not necessarily corrupt
There's no official cause yet, but people suspect a gas leak explosion
The oldest generation of Soviets died off and our youngest generation has grown up in an independent Latvia, so things have improved, but only due to the natural generation change, there was pretty much no acceleration of the process from the government.
Unlike in Denmark or the Netherlands, bikes here are very varied, some people ride classic city bikes, some old and new road bikes or tourism bikes but quite a lot of people choose to ride a mountain bike, maybe due to our horrible roads
I don't really know anyone that can't at least keep their balance on a bike while on a straight road, though some of my (foreign) study mates came close
We have a river named Pērse, which apparently is simmilar to Estonian for arse.
You definetly hear it less at least in Latvia
Religiously, most are Christians.
We learned to write in cursive
I was taught that they asked to join and then the Soviet Parliament voted to accept them
Half of my office is empty, because people stayed at home with their children
I fucking love Belarus, they're the state I wish Russia was - small,
The busiest international air route from Paris is to London-Heathrow.
One is that answering the question should be optional, and the other is that it's entirely based on self-identification - whatever you write is what gets recorded, nobody to tell you that your answer is not a valid ethnicity at all, or that it's not valid for you.
Casino security managed to trigger the alarms, so private security and police arrived and a firefight occurred as the robbers were fleeing.
It's better
But then again, I disagree with quite a few things on the map.
Latgale, it is the poorest region in the baltics(as far as I know) and one of the poorest in all of the EU's Eastern countries, highest unemployment in Latvia, often disregarded by tourists while having some beautiful sights
You need to add a double line break (press Enter twice) for reddit to actually move it to the next line
1 high school in the country and a TON of super smart kids with bright futures did it, so yeah, not a big deal here
That person had no issue with English though
We love our baltic brothers but we do have a friendly rivalry of who's country is better etc
Ok, one obviously does not build a bridge for a river over a river just for shits and giggles
You're an EU citizen through Spanish citizenship, so freedom of movement within the EU fully applies to you.
But we kinda share a sea border if exclusive economic sea zones count
For example the president *doesn't have to* give the winning party the rights to create the government, he/she only can name people in certain government institutions, he/she is the supreme leader of the national defence, he/she can decline proposed bills.
In german: Du bist eine kleine schweine
If Latvia counts as Eastern Europe for this purpose, I would say this is wrong.
My town of Dobele, Latvia has a castle ruins either
Yes I love them
He's just living the murican dream
Finland
But at a higher level, we do only have those 3 dialects.
But most pedestrians just hop on for a stop or two and jump off
Yeah I'd also be interested if you can post those :)
Yeah, we didn't find any evidence but we seem convinced...
Like when you watch American series or films and you think "pfff people never talk like that in real life" but then it turns out that a lot of them do
There is a TV show, though - [Patriot] It's quite good, if you're into that kind of black humor and comedy of errors
I have no opinion on whether Catalonia should vote to be independent or not, but am convinced that they should have a proper vote.
He himself isn't even russian, and the song is not that good
I know why, I just wish we were above such silly things
Germany is always associated with Hitler anyways
Even if that was the case, a considerable portion of recovered COVID patients have bad side effects like diminished lung capacity after recovery
Not sure why, I just like it
I started watching cartoons in English when I was really young and that worked out
The referendum, in the end, is to get an answer on a single question without anything else interfering.
There were protests with reports of pretty wild police violence, but now have they managed to oppress most of protests
Genghis Khan: not well beloved by some
They think the best thing that happened to Latvia is the EU and NATO so it can rid itself of Russian domination.
Where would it have been, Latvia?
I wish i could have my car back
It really comes down to how much the president wishes to interfere in the state policy/politics.
if it didnt happen where do they think all the jews went
Right
Ohh, right none, but it shouldn't be anything extraordinery right its not like these things happen in Western Europe with your great integration politics...
Latgale / Letigallia
Certainly no mass killings, but prison or exile.
Languages strongly influence how we think, and understanding a language is a necessary step to understanding the person speaking it, and are absolutely something worth preserving and studying
Honestly, the English language is so ubiquitous in Europe, probably even more so among the military, I can't imagine it would be a problem at all.
I'm still not used to the fact that now you can walk on the streets of Riga and hear languages that you are not able to understand (meaning, not Latvian, not Russian, not English)
Give it up, you've already lost.
most of those are non-American forces, Trump cant do shit
That's a valid concern for sure!
Why Do Austria & Australia Have Such Similar Names
Latvian SSR
I love you guys, but you personally need to make an effort and spend 5 minutes reading about what asylum is under international law.
here neither US nor EU directly intervene
Why would anyone ever limit the future of a software project to only an arbitrary subset of the global talent pool
But it you look at canned meats, canned deer is twice as expensive, as good quality canned beef
But that was already in America
Uh, the population of Latvia for example has almost 50% economic immigrants and their descendants.
Of course Mao was a big friend first, but later USSR slowly drifted from him, especially after demolishing personal cult of Stalin by Khrushchev in 60s.
What do you mean by outside support?
I believe at least in Latvia's case its due to open borders and emigration
When I need to go to another city you can use train or intercity bus
When Serbia enters the EU, it will introduce both visas and sanctions to Russia.
I've been on this Earth for far less time than you, but I'm sure that you will make the right choice
That's because you're talking about Latvia - state that openly violates Western standards on treatment of minorities when it comes to their Russian minority.
It's unstable system, so every twitch Russia does gives them shudders.
The key concept here is ethnicity.
For obvious reasons, it's not as big a deal as it is in the US, but there was a strong reaction.
In Latvia, it's Latgale (Lettigallia), mostly because russians are in majority there
All those secular nutjobs can be debunked with one simple example.
Some parts of Paris are really shitty but unless you got lost in the bad parts of Seine Saint Denis as a tourist (how?) you are relatively safe in Paris.
USA unhealthy attitudes to drink stems from their Puritanical times
I love being able to bicycle everywhere in February
You can pay cabs with credit card in Latvia, and Finland, and Sweden.
And after posting it, they are the source.
We did this in 3rd and 4th grade until a rumor that someone got AIDS this way scared us off
Before that we had tomato paste
We should declare war on Lithuania and surrender immideatly.
**Grammar** \- Difficult for almost anyone (maybe except Lithuanians)
Maybe I have missed some memo where it's written up what her suggestions/demands are
Well he is well educated and education is not the worst criteria for intelligence.
And her reforms have stood the test of time - no one seriously proposes undoing any of Thatchers changes,  neither modern Labour nor LibDems nor Conservatives
Soviets occupied Latvia in 1940, so when nazis came around in 1942 we just accepted them as liberators and full on joined them to fight communists
In case you're only planning to visit one country, you of course apply at that country's residence, and only in the case where you visit multiple countries for an equal length of time are you expected to apply at the port of entry country.
The only countries that Russophilia won't work are Poland, Ukraine, Lithuania, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Finland.
UK, France and Estonia
I don't think so, I vaguelly remember something like that from German.
It does not matter what we want.
> People are already saying that 2020 isn't giving up till the last second
What is rain
Russia thinking in the 72
Woah, when you put it like this
Like an inverted status quo
Felt like we were expected to spend a fortune just because we were "tourists". The nature and the coastline was still worth the money, tho
Well, for one, much of Europe does not have trial by jury in criminal cases.
Over time parties changed names and whatnot, but the agenda is always the same
Just go to the store and buy one!
So I wouldn't say "what many of our people do" anymore.
There are even talks in Latvia now that maybe we should restart it back again, because we also had military conscription until 2007 when it was deemed unnecessary due to NATO membership
&#x200B;
They look very different here
2008 war
Article 1
Does this include laptops
In Belarus there are 1 Polish embassy, 2 Polish consulates and 8 Polish visa centres (that's funny but some of them are located just in malls), approval rate is already 99.82% and "small border traffic" agreement was ratified, but unfortunately it works only with Latvia.
We westerners will be utterly unaffected either way.
In Norway and Sweden, they have their own parliament and certain legal protection.
Just for fun, I sometimes open a Lithuanian news website and see if I can understand the headlines - generally I can't.
I've never communicated with a Latvian in Swedish, and those who say they've studied German can't even speak with me (who only learned it in middle/high school).
Rīgas balzāms, its a balsam, as the name suggests and many say it tastes like cough syrup
That's what we're worried about.
They opposed drafts to the SS units unlike many others and they have the most [Righteous Among the Nations] per person
It's a horrible state of affairs.
Fuck that
Plenty of foreigners living there, who may have little French, and some natives may almost never have used French outside of school.
In Latvia we have a joke about this:
Innovation won’t take place just like that and space is a great way to stimulate it along
Besides one-ride tickets, you can also buy tickets for a period of time for different types of transportation
The language has a bunch of rules and is extremely complex, but most people trip on incorrect commas
Honestly I dont know, but it seems a bit too much.
I'll probably start posting them here to raise Europe's awareness.
especially for the minorities
Big family
Jaunpils is the weirdest of those for me
Yeah, Brazil vs England was quite the match in 2002.
Shame that in Latvia it is impossible to find octopus of the same quality
Well, not in Latvia, but Latvian-born immigrant Jacob Davis invented jeans and then partnered with Levi Strauss to mass produce them
Back in Latvia, the last parliamentary election only had 58% turnout, with the EU election having 30%, and the trend being that every subsequent election in Latvia has lower participation rates.
House of the Blackheads - Riga, Latvia is one of Europe's hidden gems
Poles are the only exception
From what I've heard Icelandic is one of the only languages that pretty much haven't changed since the Viking ages so it would make sense that it sounds historic and viking-y. Not 100% sure if it's true though
Or WW2 when Latvia was invaded By Soviets, and then Nazis, and then Soviets again, all the while partisan groups fought against both of them, I think if an AC game were to happen then, the assassin would be a forest brother partisan
How can I even know if the product is different?
To use a cliche: Hitler's turning in his grave.
Nah, Latvia is definitely more similar.
If He stayed abroad, they probably would have kept sending assassins after him, now that he’s in Russian custody though, if he dies, that’s like Putin admitting he murders opposition leaders
Definitely more than enough
If Latvia get kicked out of hockey I cheer for either Canada because I have family there, or Finland because one of my best friends is Finnish
The strongest nations from the core of the forces with US in Poland, Germany in Lithuania, Canada in Latvia and Uk in Estonia.
Appropriate as in "Mommy can I please take one more candy" but not for "close the door please".
Riga is definitely a hidden gem in Europe - fantastic architecture and I found it interesting to be in a country still wrestling with their Soviet past and newfound (and again-threatened) independence.
HDI is Human Development Index
No, you belong to Latvia
Being potatoe is fine
Could recognize “thanks” in a few more but don’t know by heart
The gang wounded two policemen and killed one.
I'm guessing those specialty shops have hunted wild meat, that's why it's more expensive (well, that, and the obligatory Latvian small business practice of *varka*.)
Not a true German but nonetheless accepted as a citizen.
Just wanted to mention the same here haha
Like I love potato pancakes and mashed potatoes but I just can't stand boiled potatoes, fried potatoes (expect deep fried) and I especially hate potato salad and potato soup
When you buy a loot box in Overwatch, you know you that what you get has $0 value
No, only times you should talk to a driver in public transport if you need a ticket or if there is an emergency
Violating a less important national rule isn't that bad, if you don't get that ID card, it's quite certain nobody will care while you are studying in Spain and when you leave.
and don't try to force it into something it's not, it's not hard
I don't get why you think that there has to be a court decision to ban someone from entering a country.
We made cake for [Estonia] [Finland] and [Lithuania] on their respective 100-year independence anniversaries
I wish the Nazis and Soviets would have respected my country’s neutrality in WW2, historians estimate about ⅛-1/6 of Latvia’s population was lost
I would see Lithuania as the most vulnerable, if the Russian government felt its access to Kaliningrad were threatened.
You can just apply straight away and it's exactly the same as any EU citizen applying for university.
Acis, ausis, mute, deguntiņš.
Vegeta and toi-toi
This is equivalent to cutting out people's tongues in the middle ages
Well at least the Americans didn't loot or rape
Now younger people use words like milleniāļi or boomeri
For comparison, in Sweden among the elderly (65+ and not 60+ as in Latvia) 30% have smartphones, 71% has a computer, and there are 24% regular Internet users in the 75+ group.
Oh god, just think of going back in time going into a regular English pub in 1950ties and telling them that Europe east of Germany **wants** German tanks in their land.
To a Lithuanian, a lot of the Latvian vocabulary is simply very foreign.
The general election honestly isn't quite as important as the rest of the season.
Sorry if I offended anyone :(
I hope they're lying for marketing's sake or that's an E.Coli outbreak waiting to happen
nice try Anakin Skywalker
While there is some cultural cooperation between us, the Finnic and the Ugric languages are as distant as Italian and Latvian.
Can we all just use kelvin, Dalton and other unknown mesurment units
America is because you can't grow potatoes all that well
Surprisingly, one or two every day.
No, I really wanted a bicycle as a kid, because my cousin had one (but wouldn't let me ride)
The parliament is also just one chamber.
No real need for it, I prefer to go for a walk
Since I live in a non-Euro country, I don't have too much use for Euro coins.
Perfect: 18-24C
Oh hey, time to make 50 different kinds of potato food
How could you have not seen these before?
If you go to sleep before dawn on the summer solstice you’ll have a year of bad luck
It's either any kind of fizzy drink (popular brands tend to be referred to by name) or home made drink made of water, sugar and fruit or berries, no limitations to lemons or citrus only
They're not sending you, they're sending people with lots of problems.
The word is same in both languages but pronounced differently, when I first saw it my brain kinda stopped for a second
Latvia is mostly green :)
The probability of a Russian intervention is zero.
There is actually a rest of the country that is worth seeing outside of Rīga
This should have been posted in r/nottheonion
Hungary - Ungārija
* 25 March (in mourning) — In memory of victims of communist genocide
[Laimdota Straujuma] former Prime Minister of Latvia, speaking at the EPP convention
That's like Bavaria staying in the EU while the rest of Germany leaves.
The moaning thing actually was active before refugee crisis.
Thats like saying all Red army units and soldiers were ''Communists'', they were not for that same principle, you did as you are told and nobudy asked or cared if you ''believed in Lenin and his ideology''
Of course in Sweden and in Denmark, Stockholm and Copenhagen respectively are more expensive than the rest of the country.
All the land and resources in the World can't help you economically if you have/had terrible governance.
Moscow never even wanted to negotiate such a thing as these countries not ''belong to them'', not then not now either
No, you belong to Latvia
If the goal is being "tough on crime", as politicians love to say, and retribution, then the US is indeed doing a pretty good job.
As for remembering - I know which is citric acid, vitamin c, baking soda and that E621 was created to murder idiots, technically the begining of number differs by application so probably, if one is so inclined they probably can learn the main groups
Popular among russians/estonians
But in mid-end of 90's it was banned or something and seems like it affected the popularity of the game
They're illegal in my country
Government might have not got it
Don't expect some suits to figure out a way to fix your life just because you bitched about it a bit on a Friday afternoon and held a sign with a funny punchline
cesu alus
The territory of the State of Latvia, within the borders
Any kind of common military project (exercise, procurement) between Baltic states is supported by US overwatch.
Vīnoga = wine berry (grape)
But he's not just someone I disagree politically with, I find him to be an absolute slimeball.
How can you be so stupid and believe in every myth like this??
As an independent nation, comfortably situated near Black sea between Russia and the rest of Europe, they would have fantastic opportunities.
Voting is the minimal form of political involvement, it says something about your interests or your preferences.
Songs, music, beer, drinking, potatoes, emigration, oppression by a neighboring empire and its yoke thrown off in 1918, and a bloody struggle to do it
God save Poland
Maybe except for some radar systems.
I agree, but it worked and I never said “okay” in her class again
the fourth point is really similar here
I imagined that it will start to rain again here and felt sad
USSR had no legal rights to Latvia
Hell, I went to the No
I'm American, she's from Latvia.
* [Rūdolfs Blaumanis]
Only untermench use inferior PM/AM system.
I feel that since Latvia has acquired Independence, the key people and parties in the Parliament remained the same
Last thing I heard just 2 days ago your minister of economics pleaded how building of NS2 should not be politicised
Accusing EU of mercantilism is kinda counter-intuitive.
Isn't that technically an arrest, albeit made in an oppressive dictatorship, rather than abduction
Hey, Latvians speak Italian all the time.
Russia, cus' they just can't stop returning to their expansionist policies, they have commited horrible crimes against us during the Soviet era.
There are also plenty of villages completely abandoned, while that is all over the country, Latgale is noticeably more abandoned
Nah I love the Autobahn
"cheka" along with Felix Dzerzinsky] and served as deputy chairman there
Well, I can mainly talk about Bulgaria
Boo fucking hoo, at least people celebrate your holiday and give even a lick of shit about Ireland.
\>bregzit bad
Culture and language should be defined by, well, culture and language, not border controls
Individual countries may impose restrictions on your ability to stay for longer than 90 days in case you are not able to support yourself by working or having other funds.
Livonia was made out of 5 arhibiskopies
(almost r/okbuddyretard shit
I expect other European countries mention us just once or twice.
This process of consolidation started in the 13th century after the Livonian Crusade and forced christianization.
I'm not sure how can you claim that centre-right will come up to support left Macron but not the centre-right Fillon...
I understand it's a hard time for you
Happy independace day braliukai
So you say this is Latvian, too?
If our people have gone to work there, they've mostly retained their homes in Estonia and many have returned.
Had to Google - I had heard the name and a vague feeling he had something to do with the British, but that's it.
I work in software development and want to get paid
I bet you can buy at least a day's worth in Finland, too; more if you're frugal
I dont think many people know, but Baltic states also declared neutrality and expressed their desire to stay out of World war 2 and not pick sides exactly the same as Finland did
Usually it's the other way around.
I always thought Latvia was relatively homogenous, apart from the Russian/Belarusian minority, which surely must be shrinking?
Folk dancing and choir, I'm quite sure this is the same for most Latvians
It's a shame to know my country doesn't allow gay marriage
Our infrastructure is mishandled more than anything else.
Vīgante (aka Staburags)
Here at least LotR somehow closely followed Harry Potter in being translated, but Hobbit was translated earlier than that
) This, however, let the enraged parents come up with the wildest claims and no one could say anything to disprove it
Stranger : where are you from
Also a recommendation is that this day should be a holiday and work should be done on 2021-05-08 (Saturday)
No, not much
2 years since we had a winter this cold
9th May celebration is the celebration of a specific event: a victory over Nazi Germany, that's it.
Such a great country, loved your montains, it's so cheap, it was 50 Euros for a 5 star hotel for 1 night, absolutely astounding, although you did have lots of power lines, like SO MANY
Atleast the landscape around it made the town look nice
Just like most people also use word Scandinavia to also include Finland, even though Finland is not part of it.
Love them
How did Latvia became THAT
His GF got fine for leaving the car without permission
Football is relatively unpopular in Latvia, the most recognizable athletes or not footballers, and certainly football players are far less successful.
Difficult to go pro-East when the East is waging a war
Hot: 27 C plus
Oh and the women are the most beautiful here I have seen ever.
What Ukraine can give them what they can't achieve themselves?
Russian was lingua franca of Soviet Union, granted some of that population is indeed russified regardless of their ethnic background, but it's exaggeration to say that just because for someone it is convinient to use Russian at home they must have positive view of Russia.
Not sure about the competition but these are the prices in Latvia from the most well-known company [screenshot] .
There is no reasonable way to split all European countries into simple North South East West groups
But we have a lot of people against 5g internet
Wasn't that Lichtenstein
The current government did a U-turn after the referendum.
I wonder what they will do after two years of free accommodation.
Trust me, am latvian
For example
Elīna Garanča, Brainstorm (Prāta vētra)
For the last 100 years we kinda are
Same, and I believe it's the same in every language that distinguishes second person singular and plural
It has only created bigger divide between latvians and russians.
WW2 was just a heated gaming moment for Hitler
The issue is, and many Latvians will agree, this is not what we want to commemorate.
Currently it's under construction since they're building museum in it
I love the cops here XD
If those reactions are similar after every plane crash then that's sickening, but if only after this particular one, one must wonder - why?
Sometimes your vehicle was checked and everyone had to show what was in their bags, but sometimes you could cross without that.
I went on Erasmus to Iceland to one of the weirder options - Hvanneyri near to Borgarnes
Do they have to leave UK or can they stay?
Doesn't this mean that domestic violence is no longer a criminal offence?
We'll be the dysfunctional Belgians with good beer, Lithuania can be the rasta Dutch and you be the small cute Luxembourgese.
Nonetheless people are people, not economic automatons, so social and factual influence (NGOs, scientists, celebrities, etc
I learnt it only at 20 y. o. and I'm very proud of it
If it's dark as the original tale then yes
many other countries did not, such as Poland or Czechoslovakia, Soviets didn't even want to contemplate these places not being under iron fist of Moscow and their occupation
So there isn't very big diffrence but the terretorys are Up, down, (in the past another down but little bit to the right united whit down), right (The most noticable one like good luck understanding what do they mean), left
[one does not simply ''ban'' stuff on the Internet]
There's still only the good ol' 2 lane road from the Lithuanian border to Warsaw almost (nice thing is those expressways are getting closer to Lithuania all the time).
Exactly that kind of thing - all the Baltic peoples have eachother’s backs and we recognise that we’re all in pretty similar positions after the history of the last 100 years or so
Tiskādi (these 3 have a hard sound to them which sort of encapsulates the essence of Latvian language)
God fucking dammit
If you add the percentages of Ukrainians, Belorussians, Finns, Tatars, Jews and Latvians you nearly get the 30%.
In the age group 15-24, only 58% consider their Russian good or very good.
How does the decapitation fit into this - did the professor criticize islam or was he/she muslim
God, I can't wait for automated cars to become mandatory
Went on the purpose of experiencing the emptiness and bankruptcy  of living in Iceland
Any help will be appreciated, thank you.
After the shit that was communism that dealt horrible societal and cultural, and economic effects - the EU is one of the only ways we can actually crawl out of the shithole.
Best to stick with known clusters eg Baltics, Nordics, Scandi, British Isles, Gallia, Benelux, etc
> since this is the original false flag that gave them the casus belli
If a monument doesn’t count and it has to be a building, then probably the National Library is the only other really famous building we have, or Riga Central Market
After several skips you might get administrative due - money fine or public works
Uhh, I have no idea how to explain it
The Latvian SSR was a different country established in 1945 and ended in 1991
So what ? Execute who needs to be executed, but this was good old medieval type display to satisfy the crowd
It was just atrocious, there was literally a whole layer of seed shells and you could shovel them off.
- Jautris (The Fun-One)
'Droneboarding' takes off in Latvia
For us no-accent usually means the way people in Riga speak.
I still am amazed how I got back home alive
And there will always be naysayers.
buy them votes) not common good.
Population size is not as important as age structure.
This is seriously embarrassing.
Virtually all will have milk and kefir in those plastic bags.
I really don't know, but I really like how Estonian sound
This would require a plethora of innovations and tech advancements which would greatly aid any and all future space exploration/colonisation efforts.
5km, so a 20 minute walk
Has everybody just forgotten about Georgia in 2008 now?
Afterwards, Lenin did kinda come through on his promise, though, obviously on [his own terms] even though the Republic of Latvia (modern Latvia) had already been founded in Riga
Latvia sounds weird in your language :)
You could also put a " * " before each name (after a double line break) and it would look like this:
The people who watch Russian tv shows, watch them because they understand the language since it was the lingua franca of Soviet Union and, well, they lived in the same country with Russians, they can relate.
Is Japan bigger and stronger economic than Denmark?
But is it like semi-legal arrest of someone who perhaps does not like Lukashenko's government or do they e.g. take random persons from streets to woods for no reason connected to being police/regime other than it giving them more ability to do so
Not really, its very easy to understand.
TIL European passports and Id's don't follow a standard.
''You live in shit'' is idiotic as well, however, and I don't agree.
For example, in Latvia, when questioned about specific policies (taxation, welfare, environment, etc.), most people give answers that put them strongly in the left.
Or OP just likes to use words without knowing meaning further than it's something negative.
The integration problems in our country, and the relative failure to accelerate the integration of our Latvian and Russian parts of the society isn't entirely the fault of either of those groups.
A lot of their points are valid, but they've swung to the extreme hardpoint pretty fast
Leek-eating sheep shaggers
I don't think the United States ever recognized the Soviet Union's annexation of Lithuania, Estonia or Latvia.
Our highest point was 312 metres above sea level, theirs was 318 metres
Heck, most people I have met think Latvia is the same contrie as Lithuania
Read up about history of marriage.
Having lived in a dark red part of the Netherlands, a red part of Latvia, a reddish part of France, and an orange part of Finland..
Centuries before the Ottomans invaded Cyprus, by the way.
How much French corporations are willing to share with other "Europeans" their African "loot"?
First day that it was hot as hell was a confusing one
With English being so widely spoken now, we're closer to a common language in Europe than at any time since Vulgar Latin, and perhaps even more than that.
Latvia's lighter shade is just twisting the knife.
(you dont have to use a bucket all the time - an electric pump can deliver super clean and tasty water directly to the faucet.
Climate change denial and belief in homeopathy seem to be the biggest recurring themes, though the "5G gives you cancer" made a big splash a couple months ago
(except Scandinavians and the Dutch)
The quote was from the article and is about Romania.
We started out under exactly the same conditions 25 years ago, and for at least a decade it's been clear that they do most things at least slightly better.
The endless fight between Russians wanting to turn Latvia into Russia and Latvians wanting to turn Latvia into some exclusive Latvian-only members club.
In school, we also study German, and I don’t understand a single word
Like the bread soup
Huh, that means that due to State succession they are stateless and second-class citizen.
I'd rather deal with all of that than die 10 years earlier.
You sound like some commie moron yourself.
In Latvian you can just enter "multenes" in search engine and you'll get plenty (foreign as well, though).
Jaj, danke
English, because of the spelling and all those silent letters
How do we get Igaunija from Estonia ?
Maybe also Ukraine
41% definitely comes from Latvians.
Fifth fastest internet in the world
palikti = to leave (in LT)
This man gets it, he is reasonable
We get along with Latvia just fine, but it's just not nearly as close relationship than with Finland.
Despite your positive comment, most Latvians actually consider us the  least improved country of the 3 Baltic states
That assumes fully functional child services.
13 - trīspadsmit
That's why I don't really give a shit who's in power in Russia - they're all bad
We have one language and strict language laws, it's not news to Ušakovs, so his constant disrespect to our laws and Latvian language makes even me agree with the dumb lil NA shits.
And i knoe you are 100% bullshitting if you say you dont know anyone that is poor
If you treat it as its own thing which does mean different sentence structures, different word order at times, etc
Price varies 0,7-1,3 depending on brand and a shop
So they still exist somewhere
Look up definition of these language levels [here] it both explains what you're expected to be able to do and let's you assess yourself how good you are at each skill
It's either Artuss Kaimiņš or Aldis Gobzems
Hell yeah, federation all the way
Plenty of things Russia could give the US.
Slovenia Plans To Contribute Troops To Latvia For NATO Force
Koknese (Translates to "Wood bearer")
But i just like the majority of Latvians think that gay marriage is a bogus concept.
Sometimes I pronounce some Latvian words in the way I would read them in English
"Corruption" is a concept so used and abused nowadays in the socio-political discourse that's become practically devoid of meaning.
Pros: great sense of humor
* Hundreds of years being neighbors with Germany, Germans assimilating Baltic Prussians and Baltic Germans living in Latvia and Estonia yet not a slight genetic connection?
[Finnish mämmi] with vanilla sauce was a very nice, uniquely tasting dessert
It's not, we had Independence war right after WWI, so we celebrate victory in a decisive battle that occured exactly a year after the armistice.
No tears, only join Lithuania to form one Baltic nation.
I was actually referring to the absence of choice within an individual school, as in you don't get to make your own schedule in any real way, or to say, oh, this year I'm taking History 2 but I don't want to take Chemistry, or whatever.
Canada seems great - nice familiar climate, and it's like a saner version of the USA.
Can have two Latvia but still no potato.
It seems that we Finns got the place [where potato is originated,] however now Latvians got the place with [vast deposits of guano]#Chilean_caliche) so they could become number one exporter of potassium instead of Kazakhstan.
Look to your Northern neighbours, 5% of Finland speaks Swedish, for very similar reasons why there's Russians in the Baltics, and it's a recognised official language
He was particularly well-spoken and whatever he said and did at the SC table, he did so with the grace of an artist.
Okay, we eat potatoes often enough, but there is no cultural or historical significance to them, the food we're actually mildly weird about is bread.
Should an inappropriate name be selected, the custody court will vehemently argue with the parents about the consequences in the child's life
You may think you have enough for yourselves, and you might be right, but you'll have to be able to convince the immigration officers of it, too.
Saules zaķītis = sun rabbit (it's not an "official" word in the Latvian language, but it means a ray of light that has reflected off of some surface)
United States of America - Amerikas savienotās valstis
I found some universities affordable universities in Poland and Latvia, do you have any other recommendations for European universities that teach English courses or experiences in these countries?
In the part that you convieniently left out it is mentioned that Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan were also also questioned:
A perfect target for russian propaganda
The roof of the store colapsed killing 54 people
The Soviets did their best to sweep this under the rug, and was only widespread knowledge after the collapse of the USSR
/u/andrejs_k didn't really expand on "language rights"
And he didn't supposedly told just this time, but several times about these topics the same rhetoric
Just and -s,-š (male) / -e,-a (female) will usually suffice, but it can get super complicated -
Also don’t forget our good old buddy Lithuania, weird weird Lithuania
He is, a proud one, and Latvian speakers hate him to bits.
Although speaking all these languages is absolutely impressive and something neither of us will ever achieve, the level at which these languages are spoken is B2 at most.
To be fair, those gradings are pretty useless when the people grading it has nothing to compare it with, aren't they?
Someone should put some stars on that blue banner, maybe in a circle
>or write a shopping list
You're most probably a native or fluent speaker of Spanish so finding a job in Spain would be much easier than elsewhere in Europe.
People want to forget what they were lied about.
Companies might have problems with lowering wages on one hand and moving to hire outside of their country on the other that they wouldn't want to bother with
Punishment should first of all be like, you know, actual punishment and only then about preventing repeat offences.
thats where the world got that word, from Azimov
I really don't know either
That made me laugh, thanks :D
>I have no issues with agreeing that Latvians conscripted into the Red Army were Soviets
Eu has given 1 billion 800 million dollars
Not really, there's some talk about Latgale now and then, but I think it's just regionalism and Russian nationalists trying to fire up things (the region borders Russia.
>Any economic system that eschews private property makes rent-seeking impossible by definition
We're not calling Germans "Deutsch" in English, we're calling them Germans.
I wonder what languages is he translating.
Not surprising my country out of all 3 would have the most porn stars, ofcourse we are the most depressed, we have the worst education system, and those Estonians and Lithuanians are saying their life is shit
The main fear seemed to be inflation before joining and that proved to be completely baseless...
Lithuanians as brāļi, literally brothers, because of the shared history, similar cultures and languages, etc
[Latvia] Street fighter by day, rioter by night.
Vietnam
Fuck yea
Sveiks lietuviešu brāli
a bed and a multiple launch rocket system
In mythology, the Moon is actually the Sun's husband
Seems ridiculous to me that this would be posted online.
Or maybe I'm just horsing around.
Then there’s the language issue for even the non-Russian population, is Latgalian a separate language, or is it a dialect of Latvian
Allies and their actions were only high-level touched in school programs, most of attention out of Eastern front was given to partisan wars on occupied territories and concentration camps
I didn't even mentioned Latvia, m8
We have kind of weird, cursed memes, often very dark humor
2 - Struve Geodic arc and old town of Riga
First name + last name is a form that gets used to introduce people for the first time, and that's about it.
truly a Russian paradise where everyone is happy and there are no middle class that always complains and stirs up country.
Terrible disgrace for Dutch soldiers
Twice for Latvia:
That is why I said that nihilism exhibited by certain drivers can also be observed in other traffic participants
Only one that was opened only 2 years ago
After Hearts of Iron IV AI, I refuse to believe that.
And better check with Baltics and Poland too, because there is no way we are risking pissing off Americans while in our current security predicament.
Better yet, we should just tax the fuck out of them so that all vices are just for the rich and powerful
Tough luck living life to the fullest here.
I think I love you
*Edit:* Apparantly the newest info from experts is that it wasn't a gas explosion, which is very curious
Pros: great sense of humor
I'm guessing those specialty shops have hunted wild meat, that's why it's more expensive (well, that, and the obligatory Latvian small business practice of *varka*.)
With no indications and if they speak english I assume they are from NA/Europe.
But not everyone can work from home
Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland are al bordering Russia and are part of the EU.
In the letter to the Germany portal, the ambassadors of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia noted that the Baltic states did not join the Soviet union voluntarily but were occupied and annexed, while the majority of Western democracies, including Germany, **never recognized the Soviet occupation of the Baltic states**, said the ministry.
Geographically it's not even in some area that's hidden anyway.
Jumping on the AskALatvian bandwagon.
And its pretty god damn horrible system.
I mean any one in our language, not that they're all great and catchy
UK flag is seen as global brand, so begins to be disassociated with the actual nation state a little no ?
How long did it take for the right-hand-side cars to be phased out/rebuilt
They make burgers in reserve and who knows how long they lay there
What music is popular, tv, film?
The republic of Lithuania was proclaimed in 1918, wheras the Kingdom of Lithuania was established in the 13th century.
There are also some old Scandinavian names to be found as well (like Ilmārs, Dagmāra)
> And 'Cholmondley' is pronounced 'Chumley'.
I dont think I would ''refuse'' if a man with a loaded kalashnikov wanted to give me something
It's possible to argue that it's right to kill homosexuals or rape victims from a religious point of view, but I don't want that to happen either.
You dont have to tell me that, we have like 40% russian population
Plus it fits in historical architecture among houses which are very old
In EU there are 500 million people in USA 300 million.
We are building a new solar collector array to provide hot water (and/ or central heating) for at least part of our town Salaspils
But if some people think it's fun to shoot guns, shooting ranges are great for them.
There have been numerous protests against their assimilation.
I do know some young religious people but it's definitely not the norm.
Because when you expect a certain amount at a certain day every week/month, then I call it "rent" no matter where the money goes after
It was in English, however, because Latvian is a relatively phonetic language
Well - companies are building them in Latvia, and we're poorer than Moscow is.
It was only well after finishing school that I learned that at least now you apparently can learn more fun stuff with boys instead, if you push for it, apparently it now vounts as single subject with 'textile' or 'woodworking' group choice, instead of being stright up sexist
There are legal requirements for what subjects must be taught - [see part III of this regulation]
Financial matters are still up to the country - you may travel to another country and find yourself subject to a higher VAT, for instance.
Do you think your budget will drop when Finns switch to Latvia when you raise prices of alcohol to nearly Finland's level?
Deutschland and kidnapped us again
Welcome, Bulgaria
(Arnold Rüütel is less heard of in Latvia).
Are you an ethnic Russian living in Latvia by any chance?
Latvia's like a hotbed for mid-size eastern european laundering
To me it sounds either Scandinavian or south Slavic for some reason (and yes south Slavic because it does not sound too Polish, more Croatian or something)
he/she can decline proposed bills
If, however, you say something like "I can't imagine how I could live without Jesus" you start getting into weird territory.
I would have thought it's an onomatopoeia
Again taking turns until one gives up
9 - deviņi
I’m not sure on Belarus or Ukraine, and I don’t know in Estonian, Albanian, Luxembourgish, Turkish or Greek - or a lot of the smaller regional languages
Every country calculates total homicides differently
Secondly, no
The rest might be more in fashion now, but wouldn't be unheard of decades ago either
Nothing else is celebrated
Most Redditors were not born when Thatcher was already done
This was a very good article!I loved the idea of Nordic-Polish-Baltic axis,at the moment though the idea is far from realization and isn't gonna happen in the following years unless we face a dire situation.
Is it Swedish or Norwegian, though
Well, we call all countries differently in out language, at least with a different pronunciation, but here are some of the most different ones that come to mind
My grandma is very nostalgic but she is also not a very bright person, the Soviet era taught her how to survive without anything and how to preserve the food you've got
Latvian is full of Germanisms, at least colloquially
That Latvians are not the same people as Russians
If you wanna talk to someone just DM me
He's also absolutely immune against the Latvian judicial and law enforcement - he's now had charges against him for over 10 years (the list keeps changing), and he's been forbidden by court from holding the office of mayor since 2007, a decision he's continued to ignore.
The Latvian Naval forces are headquartered in Liepāja, I think everything else is in Riga
Putin himself
[CZ/LV] What are the main cultural differences between Czechs and Latvians?
Specifically in a blue state preferably, but yeah.
I believe this was tried in USSR if you want to research the various issues involved .....
I wasn't expecting Australian inquisition
London is literally the 1 place in the UK that is safer than Latvia, every other part of the UK is objectively much safer than Latvia
Yeah, but, Latvian was hugely influenced by German over the course of the past 8 centuries, yet we say it same way as in English.
Well maybe we delayed a climate change just a little bit
Russia invaded Ukraine, so Americans boycotted Latvian vodka
I also bought Reese's butter cups (no real or imagined prior expierience) those were okay, but nothing to die for either
Everyone knows Roņu sala is rightfully ours.
I imagined that it will start to rain again here and felt sad
And this is petty, but I almost would want for EU to start threatening USA with our own import taxes from USA, because they aren't building/creating it here
If you look at [past trends] they weren't doing better than Russia or Belarus at any point.
Can't have drugs in the car, but can't have them outside either.
The only ones not being able to speak any other language, other than their own, are senior citizens especially from minority groups (for example russians)
A man of culture
The Russian language area in the east is misplaced and oversized.
I say the same about McDonalds
But in a very friendly way, no matter where I would find a fellow from the Baltics, I would instantly feel a good connection
And like 11 in the bottom 10 haha.
Ooh, how fun, Westminster Hall is getting redecorated!
The noun is "špikeris" and the verb is "špikot".
Always make the sign of the cross when you pass a church (mostly only old ladies believe this one)
They will have to work on 2021-05-08 (Saturday)
Doesn’t really matter which country you are in
Hey, them Curonians are as much Lithuanian as they are Latvian.
If we are talking about flairs, you really should get a new one bro.
I've been there, beautiful city
And Šarlote
I wasn't arguing that it's a lot of money or not fair
Maybe some charity ad that has a reference to some religious org in the footnote
A first name and a last name
Lidmašīna - fly machine (plane)
I guess you are right on account of Europride, they did block of some traffic.
Not necessarily backstabbing (that's way too harsh and sounds like something a fascist would say) but simply poor integration.
But instead of Turks we have the real threat of Russia at full display here : the scary scary Latvia, with its 2 million population
Do you have fresh potatoes over there
Did not expect Estonia/Latvia be higher than us.
"Anonymous sources" describe it as a set-up by Russian provocateurs.
I think you might be onto something right there
Three whispered words every lover wants to hear
You and me both brother :(
Good luck UK
Russia wins the least liked one by a wide margin.
Sometimes you call kite "gaisa pūķis" which means air dragon
Why did the authors focus on Lithuania though?
I just had a look at the Latvian newspaper archive periodika
Even that is probably because I had checked it once upon a time due to some reference in a movie or a book.
I would say China for its territories have always been very populated since the dawn of civilization.
But no - what if someone some day might need it
Yes, you are wrong, Estonia is independent since 1918.
Even if that country is friendly?
The question now is: what means the USA keeping good terms with Russia for the baltic countries and the eastern part of the EU?
Intercity buses generally have contactless payment terminals, so you can just pay with your card or phone with NFC when you are getting in the bus
There are huge latvian facebook groups about it
Since they were most influential neighbours in middle ages till modern times.
Trump says to spend more on the thing he called obsolete?
They actually made several pretty good produced videos, including choir songs in support of people Nothern Europe
No worries, we got your back (at least to distract some attention)
I have a few friends around South Wales, mostly Merthyr
No wonder French project suddenly gets funding while more promising British one didn't get anything from EU even before Brexit.
I once drank pinecone gin and it did taste like pinecone and grass
Came here to post this :D iconic
And a very tasty one
We have some shitty roads in swamps as well.
Russian remains very useful in Latvia, and it's still a requirement for most retail or customer-facing jobs.
I'm okay with this
Influence not the one way road you describe, it runs both ways and spans the world in an entanglement of both personal and organizational contacts
They say that the language they speak in is a distinct language.
It looks [similar] and the beer is cheaper.
USA unhealthy attitudes to drink stems from their Puritanical times
It's a shame many of them don't have English translation
I've seen so many different ones.
I can't find any buckwheat, as well
I've never seen anyone consider it "not-healthy", but I've never seen anyone consider it "healthy" either
Kinder surprise eggs
is this the kinda cabin Norwegians call hytta
In Latvia there are also many women who believe in horoscopes
A lot of their points are valid, but they've swung to the extreme hardpoint pretty fast
Whatever the reasons for such feelings in the UK, I don't think you can say distance or transport is the cause.
Don't tell Latvia we found her potato stash.
If it allows it to happen or is complicit in it, that's a failure of a specific government, not the economic system
We say "e-pasts" translating to "e-post". I've heard some people use "vēstule(letter)," "ziņa(message)" and "gmails(gmail)" too
Most French, Brits and Scandinavs have long lost their sense of deeply rooted pain.
I never heard Pērkons ( I assume its him in a picture) having 4 arms, this looks like some new age hippie shit.
Why am I not surprised it comes from a Latvian?
Why do the buses look cleaner and less worn?
Also [that happened] but that's not really seen as his fault
Half of Poles and Romanians and probably huge majority of Lithuanians, Latvians and Estonians are believing that too.
Oh, hell no, no stupid Balts are going to force inconvinient packing for thin liquids on us.
Us (and LT, I think) have generally caught on to the seatbelt and no drunk driving thing, for the most part.
Ew, don't get me started on the watermelon milk
A man in Romania requests it not Romania itself.
I mean......they kind of were aware of what they were doing, at least partially.
It tasted better even 2 years ago.
There’s a small Latgalian independence movement that none of the rest of the country take seriously though
A Latvian that doesn't eat tasty tasty tasty potatoes
* Discounted phone plan (~80% off compared to regular price for that carrier)
We are competing with different world now.
Cats are the ultimate Latvian animals - antisocial individualists, apathetic, and love to lick pussy.
NATO bombing : Human Rights Watch estimate: 489–528 civilians
People don't change that fast; I bet a lot of them are still into magical thinking
expensive but itll be good
You can stop wars and death without forcing your rules on everyone by this fake illusion that you are safe.
I was pointing out that if Germans have moral obligation to help reduce the poverty and desperation in other EU countries, Latvia is way more entitled to receive their monies then Greece.
Who the fuck doesn't store them in the fridge
(My wife is Latvian, I think a lot of people in her family like to troll the Russians that don't speak Latvian).
I really really dont think its worse here than over there
Which means more aggressive Russia
Cheers with a glass of Svyturis
Most other places can hope for low-temperature district heating at best by using a hybrid of heat pumps and solar arrays, with some electric and fossil backup
Switzerland - Šveice
Poland, The Czech Republic, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania etc are all catching up to Spain fast and will undoubtedly pass you economically.
Jesus Christ, when will it stop...
I was surprised Latvia isn't in the average category, and same for Romania and Hungary, At least when looking at what countries are in the average category
We should have resisted eventhough we would have lost
UK just blocks everything, lol.
That sounds more like a game rule than a superstition
I disagree
Shared vision of the past and present can form a unified outlook for the future, and that is what drives cooperation.
This is fine with us, and the two older German guys also on the bus
Teachers are almost never native speakers though so they speak with the local accent, similar to neither the typical British nor American ones.
Poland+Lithuania+Latvia confirmed for /r/FloridaMan of Europe.
I went on Erasmus to Iceland to one of the weirder options - Hvanneyri near to Borgarnes
Yeah, exactly you refer to specific protests, for us it's a period, but it doesn't mean songs were not important here
Irina Cvetkova repeated this bullshit in an interview, and Jūlija Stepaņenko, while not quite having repeated it, is another deputy from Harmony who has been heavily involved (along with Cvetkova) with NGOs that promote "traditional family values" like "Dzimta" and "Asociācija Ģimene" and from whom similar moral panics have originated.
I forgot we were all supposed to lick the boots of any and all Russian ministers.
/Mrs
Considering there were also Estonian, Lithuanian and Bolsheviks from any other nation, it always puzzles me why they stick to Latvian Reds, despite there being more of them perhaps.
It's a shame that the Portuguese government decided to disrespect millions of victims of famine in order to score few political points with some of the local immigrants.
Are there people wearing traditional Polish garb?
Thailand
''Soldier, you next assimgent is to become a human landmine in the Baltics''
they are like the living proof of how Soviet system used to treat dissidents (I guess Russia still does this)....ignoring at the best, ''banning'' at worst (in Soviet times, this meant either deportation or prison) .
Atrocities and death toll due to famine in China and near regions were huge and there were gossips in USSR about it, but that wasn't a topic for a small talk with friends
Fun fact, it would be completely reasonable for Nato to ban Morocco because just like Saudis they are actually supplying europe with skilled muslim terrorists.
Kinda like local Geo-political-nazi!
To Estonians every molehill is a mountain
But Latvia
Much love, cheers
RT for instance definitely favours Trump, and posts lots of anti-Clinton stories.
Now that is the lowest of the fucking lowest
In Latvia Jelgava may pretend to be a university city, but top tier institutions of higher education are all in Riga.
No, you'd need a permit in any European country, and the process for getting the permit varies from somewhat long and difficult to near-impossible depending on the country.
So far only 1 person has been confirmed dead and about 8 injured, but it's hard to imagine the number is that small considering a huge chunk of a building straight up vanished
I am one myself, but God damn it guys, wtf are you doing.
Simply a black cross over what it is now because that's what government does to the land I love so much
At something like a simple cafe, you wouldn't tip or would just leave some loose change.
well, germans are famous throughout the world for being racist.
This is not normal
For me anything above +30C is not meant for human life.
we too had Russian military bases here with a shit load of Russians soldiers just like Crimea, but using the disarray of recent USSR collapse and help from Balts living in USA, our politicians were able to make deals with Bill Clinton and Yeltsin that made sure Russians would leave, permanently, and would have no influence over those 3 little countries by military means
It's not crazy popular (I blame the bland kindergarten/school lunches) but it's quite common here
I've seen this one before, it's about social interaction and attitude to life, it's so subtle that probably only a person who has had plenty of interaction with both cultures could tell.
I understand it's a hard time for you
Even you guys do it better than us.
There's a sentiment I've heard toward well integrated immigrants like Hosam Abu Meri that they are more Latvian than a guy with Latvian parents who expresses disdain for the Latvian people and country.
The year he arrived to the Knicks from glorious Latvia is now known as [*The Year of our Lord*] .
We have that one cool song Bunda jau Baltija/Atmostas Baltija/Ärgake, Baltimaad and that is it...
Looks like [Pro bending arena] from Legend of Korra.
Technically, we also didn't become communist
locking Baltics to the Russian version and restricting it to Russian language only
I wouldn't exactly say that, but I would say it's irrefutable that outside of St.
I have exact same one, but in white colour
Pol Pot: Disagreeable management
Lol then I wonder how Baltics will survive post 2020 when structural funds will end.
You're the one who specified black Africans, not me.
And even if they do, he will become hopefully something of a martyr
We all know your opinion
Happens very rarely in Latvia, but if a foreigner at least makes the effort to say hello in Latvian, I appreciate that as a respectful gesture.
Pretty common here
They don't do sports, they do programming.
We had ketchup, but after like 1986
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia are really interesting places to visit and have tons of history, culture and are really cheap for someone from England due to good exchange rates!
Luxembourg steps in, Luxembourg is laready under Luxembourg control.
Preparing public opinion for an invasion?
) Owned by Lithuanians that opened up in Riga last summer, but instead of hiring local staff they brought up staff from Vilnius and ended up getting a load of fines because customers complained to police that staff could only speak Russian or English, not Latvian
Yes we spell it exactly as it sounds
Serbs waged a genocide in Kosovo against everyone who wasn't Serb, they dont deserve to have it even if they have historical claims to it.
The probability of an EU military invention is zero.
I mean you have a healthy country with good income and everything seems to be fine
And my point is that it's stupid to say only women need help nowadays i.e.
[Obviously, there are more important news than some national traitors on the streets]
The train crash really pissed me off "Oh we'll be three minutes and few people will be angry
I’m also a former exchange student (went to Germany, too) and I also have worked later for an organisation that does exchange programs
There no such thing as potato, just sadness.
Doesn't UK have any procedure for citizens to call a referendum
Many Asian games when published in West geo-block Baltic states because we are sold to Russian publishers who only make Russian version.
Not really, no
I'll have you know the young people in Latvia are very accepting of people of other races and even sexualities.
This always gets me when talking about mechanical stuff
Because you did it in your own comment:
Covid-19 be like: r e m i c k s
A friend of mine pronounced queue as "kveevoo".
Direct Debit, E-invoices and Swedbank Latvia [X-Post from /r/personalfinance]
Estonians know how to distribute their wealth around the country.
I think you'd be better off moving to Latvia.
It was just a matter of clicking a couple of times in the official app.
Also a guy who was our foreign affairs minister in very early 1990s, but is pro-Russian said that WWIII has been averted.
Swedish culture is fairly widely exported but it doesn't compare to the pop culture of the UK.
The leader has no clue what she is talking about and has no real suggestions for the governing bodies rather than "reeeeee".
The terrain is totally different though.
I can only conclude that they've quite consistently elected better leaders.
He certainly is not ignorant baboon like Trump.
I rhought BMW stereotype was only in Latvia :)
Different - but predictably so - spelling, but if these were the same country, it might have been called the same language.
The Latvian SSR was a different country established in 1945 and ended in 1991
ugh no, thanks
You realize that in 2015, 1.3 million people applied for asylum within the EU, which has a total population of about 510 million?
preventing Ukraine and Georgia from joining NATO
Word has it that the geniuses in the Latvian army are trying to plan a naval invasion on Valka
Everything else is just some political figure talking shit.
Here in Latvia we have several funding organizations that are collecting money for people that have rare diseases or costly surgeries that families cant pay for themselves and then they reportedly cover all costs for medical treatment elsewhere or wherever necessary...
Jānis Čakste (first president of Latvia)
Depending on how severe the speed the driver was going over the limit the drivers might have stand at the side of the road from 30 minutes up to an hour
She doesn't say latviešu much there BTW, she says latviski much more often.
I did hear about this in the news
Also an argument could be made that some ragtag militia form backwater bumblefuck would not even dare to attack if some determination to resist had been demonstrated
If I need some information relayed by text, I'll send her a whatsapp message
Jauns means both new and young
The European ones have normal sugar, not HFCS
Knife wielding drunks
i love old European style architecture
Yes, exactly although i would choose the word "integrate".
It's even exactly the same crusade
Yes but compare that to Russia and Latvia who both have a top speed limit of 110kmh.
Holy fuck
Hoping for that Olympics bronze medal at midnight
And Estonians also celebrate independance and regaining of independence
For the rest there's plenty of other issues to deal with besides having employees come to office purely out of habit
Estonian word for no sounds like Latvian word for go
Watching American movies as a kid this concept would always confuse me
(that mostly applies to Latvia and Poland).
In what city do you live
We have 6 toes
That was a deliberate attack that killed 3000 people and might have easily killed many more.
They literally do it every fucking year, with the torch walk in Latvia, and WW2 veteran gathering in Blue Mountains in Estonia.
Well i did see some snow but no longer than half a day
"Where the baron goes"
Eslalit
Even today serbs still bitch about NATO bombing them.
Puerto Rico
I dont think I would ''refuse'' if a man with a loaded kalashnikov wanted to give me something
fight against Communism as well
Haha, that'd mean they know the difference between the 2 countries
I mean how long it will take for MENA nationals to form same part of population of Sweden, like in current Latvia where population is >30% of foreign origin.
Latvian red riflemen helped Lenin keep in power, there's that for one specific country in one specific time-frame
Yes we do it's called "pupiņu valoda" or "bean language" in english and it's pretty much the same as youre  "bird language" except instead of V we use the letter P
Hesburger has a stupid ass policy that if your late, they will trow the food out
[lats] - our currency which was replaced with euro
It says, quote ''about 34% speak it at home Russian, including people who are not ethnically Russian''.
Doesn't matter what time that's already the case as is
Population of Poland is bigger than Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Iceland combined.
Latgale
Yeah, was browsing to see the examples of 'foreign-to-Latvian' translations, and it popped out.
USA is at 3.9, so it's stuck between Finland and Latvia.
Imagine being a Russian in Latvia and hearing people from the country you were born in say there's too many of you :/
If you had shown yourself as reliable comrade you'd be proposed to enter to the Communist party
When I was in school around 02-03, cockroaches were a regular occurrence, but I've not encountered one in the last 10 years
Most of the sidewalks have bike lanes, but they're not really designed around the bike, more put there because there was a sidewalk, so it got widened and a bike lane added
You can't drive a corvette on latvian roads.
The singing revaluation (1980s) started In Estonia but later spread to the rest
I haven't seen the recent school history books, but my memories are certainly opposite of yours.
Weather news just said that last time we had as much snow at this time was in 2003.
There's no difference between the USSR and Nazi Germany
No, they are treated as normal human beings, maybe respected a bit more, but American attitude towards military seems really weird to me - you've got this stereotypically manly thing, but whenever it's brought up soppiness is dialed to max
I get that they where outnumbered and outgunned and its easy for me to be all righteous sitting in my cozy office job, but in this occasion there was no alternative to courage, just shame
We don't have meaningful areas that have a linguistic Estonian, Lithuanian or Belarussian majority.
They will bring their personal network, gain some of the network of their predecestor and the process will strengthen some of those connections and weaken others
Methinks he means chaos as in Italy or Greece where everything looks more high-tempo and chaotic as opposite to Germany or the Northern countries.
10 - desmit
I predict he won't do half of what he promised in his speech.....mostly because it's just impractical to do those things
I rather take the other North Americans as our leaders.....they have better flag than you and they dont cause as much trouble
Which is hilarious because this land never was mono-ethnic
Latvia has less potatoes than their neighbors.
I think it's more associated with weed.
Or 819 years old if you count the creations of the Livonian order (an order of crusaders) who were the first form of government in the territory
Im glad that i have online school and dont have to walk in this weather
here is a good video about this subject
I rarely have coins, and only sometimes carry cash.
He has the majority of his own population AGAINST him.
A large reason for low inequality was that no one had shit, education and healthcare was free and available to anyone, and also equally bad for anyone, and the economy was ultimately unsustainable
Yeah, Latvia might have had some indeed.
Companies might have problems with lowering wages on one hand and moving to hire outside of their country on the other that they wouldn't want to bother with
This was a protest to Soviet rule without fighting commutated in the Baltic way (1989) longest human chain connected the three capitals
To add to this, the relatively recently appointed Latvian PM (Krišjānis Kariņš) and the very recently elected President (Egils Levits) both seem to be honorable and reasonable persons so that gives me hope that the direction of our country is a good one
The train just got 10kph faster
I like to learn and experience other cultures way too much to let it really bother me.
In the other regions, most people in my experience definitely identify nationally first.
And that's basically the main advantage and disadvantage in the same time
Pretty much non-existent and even for an Olympic sport, it's unpopular.
*Calling the Italian mob*
LOL
I guess German
I'd have guessed Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost.
There was no calculus (analysis).
Ziemeļvidzemē ap Cēsīm/Smilteni sniegs jau esot normāls, Rīgā vakar no rīta bija bišķi piesalis bet vakarā jau atkal slapjš
A good portion of EU has it as a national language.
But that wouldn't be fair to the majority of the people who didn't want him
In Latvian it's "veseris" for a large hammer
No kurienes jūs esat
How is Latvia ahead, what is this, not fair.
But if you look for Section 5.1, that concerns Russian - you can look at the examples there without understanding Latvian.
So that some People with useless degrees would have some employment options.
So by that logic Latvia should trump the Netherlands by far.
When interpolating this then Portugal-sized Latvia would have 60,800.
I think this is mainly due to the reason that there's not much information or entertainment in our own languages, so you have to learn English
* 25 March (in mourning) — In memory of victims of communist genocide
There are kitchen scissors that can be taken apart easily, just open them far enough and the joint can be separated, then you can wash each side just like a knife
I would say both are a sign of a savage.
Is calling Eastern Europe an alcoholics and corrupt businessmen heaven insensitive against those who are neither?
He just needs to use somewhat clearer terms.
If there are no people doing the low wage jobs the wage will increase or the job will be automated where possible and that's a good thing.
Honestly I don't trust any kind of Unions
Both are diminutive for brothers
Not sure, you guys are the least poor out of us.
Both are dicks and think that they can get their message through by terrorising others and posting it on social media
Er, well that part surely isn’t open to interpretation
Yes, I was raised to change when getting home, I buy fleece jackets and sweatpants for this
The difference is that Latvia remains Latvia, even if we have a large Russian minority
Saskaņa un ZZS varbūt te ir 30 gadus, par JKP, KPV un citām varētu pastrīdēties
Their youth wasn't spent soaking up our birthright of quiet solemn wanderlust - what could have been if they just left us alone?
I bet it was good, that lady is a really good cook
They're in the middle of a huge arguments where she is basically acting like an entitled spoiled bitch complaining about everything, the bus, her boyfriend, their holiday, their luggage, the other people on the bus, and he's just apologising for it and hoping that she'll stop
It was a tragedy, that happened on 21
They are centre with a leftist bent
Even if so, I think NL could just say "OK, bye" and end it.
Latgaliešu (Latgalian)
Sometimes I feel like I would be much more fit somewhere else
* [Italian guy speaking fluent Latvian]
I could drag on and on, but basically this is the result of post-Soviet Latvian goverment denying local Russian community citizenship which was promised in turn for supporting separation from USSR
I watched the first season, it's a good concept, but badly made, this is the third season
So, basically no one asked people how they feel, but instead occluded: you have a nice salary - you must totally be happy.
It's invention / interpretation, lots of games have square table and pockets on the corners
You have to understand that Latvia is a warzone...
I'm not a car user but from what I've heard it's both.
According to wikipedia, that appearance is also about its only claim to international fame:
Of course you have to buy a lot of it then for it to be really cheaper.
These people deserve better
The same for eggs
Fairly irrelevant in the big geopolitical scale.
Uhm actually Estonia was classified as Northern Europe together with Latvia and Lithuania, so nothing to muhahah about :D
oh wow, were you dressed in drag?
I think European Union finally started to pay attention to this issue
I’m fine with the label of all three
That we had people put massive effort into making us part of EU and NATO a reality.
There are only potatos as far as the eye can see
And when he came out everybody just went "meh" and went about their usual business.
I'll take more of them than some of our other immigrants thanks.
While kinda high, it's still cautious, I feel like.
But none of them follow through
Ass=sharp
>Belarus
our politicians use social media?
They did provide the equipment and software needed, plus for most part we had group works anyway
It's already going in that direction for a long time, everyone is very hesitant about it, though.
Corruption and greed is a powerful enemy
Today I can gladly say my taste has expanded significantly and I can see Charles would be a great prince to marry
Latvians read nazi literature or race theories
And much more smoking and "borrowing" music for the soundtrack.
Kyllä! Unfortunately Latvia is still too corrupt and poor for that
Europeans are a fiction, just like claiming some common Asian or African identity.
There was a attempt of such a thing in 1990's between Baltic governments and Boris Yeltsin right after USSR collapsed
I'm not sure how one can argue that the defeat of nazis was a bad thing.
Don't drink and drive
There was a battle in the area, but not the way the men from the Red Army's newspaper said it happened.
So for example Argentinians feel more closer identity wise to Mexicans and Guatemalans and not to Spanish and Italians back in Europe?
In Latvia we have the light version explaining maps like these
Go maybe protest China and their lack of efforts for minimizing the climate change
**Examples:**
All of the occupied countries would be way, way better off without the sickness that the rabid communist dictators brought onto this world
1918-1040 - Independence from Russia after WW1
lv, here's an [article] from 1990 (when Latvia was not yet independent), a regional newspaper had published a helpful article on how these cash machines work and on the plans of the [still existing] Soviet Union to introduce non-cash transactions
Also, at the time of the Russian empire, they were more integrated within Russia being a part of the Pskov region
I haven't heard that those two would be sepperate elsewhere
With more than 25% of Latvia's population calling themselves ethnically Russian, Latvia has the biggest Russian minority in the whole of Europe beating out Estonia, Ukraine and even Belarus.
I love the American name Harper, but I know that if I'd name my kid like that she'd be called Herpes at school
ETA: and whatfood should I try?
Edit: 2014
I've never found public toilets to be natural as a paid service.
We get a few Moomins templates coming up here too
Riga: First of all stop acting like you're a real region
Bums, teens, drunks ... No private space
To the best of my knowledge, Welshmen want to eat people's livers with fava beans and Chianti
I'm sure it did, we didn't.
Yeah well Lembergs is not in a good situation now and Saskaņā-we'll see
Latvian national detained after flying drone over Polish president's residence.
Europeans will travel to the US and feel like everyone is overenthusiastic, projecting a fake aura of happiness.
It's not wrong about Poland or Lithuania, we tried to get Eastern Latvia for ourselves.
Meduza is the work of Russian journalists who found themselves too censored / controlled to report in Russia, so moved offshore.
It's also very hard to switch between languages
I am simple latvian
I've been there once maybe
Need someone more remote to confirm
We didn't go through that collapse of the USSR/reset, and as such elders accumulated wealth their entire life unlike in Latvia or the others.
Didn't Latvia, or was it Lithuania, have a billionaire?
Poor peaceloving Russia is always forced to defend against imperial powers like Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Finland.
If Latvians were Chinese, Baltic would still be called baltic.
I love the Latvian name for Greece because "Griekas" in Lithuanian means sin, so Greece in Latvian sounds like Sin land.
Kids are too young and curriculums are too limited
You can buy them in in small shops (kiosks) called Narvesen or in some big shops info centres
Northern Europe knows the only real drinking is to get drunk eg UK, Germany, Finland
Some examples from my childhood:
Latvia and Estonia didnt give everyone a citizenship just because **''they hate Russians''**, its more complicated than that.......Latvian constitution for example, does not allow simply ''giving'' citizenship out to everyone who wants it, just because they happen to live here.
To get a work visa sponsorship for the EU, you need either to be highly qualified in a specialized field (so that you're not easily replaced by a local candidate), or to be working at the US office of an international company and relocate within the company.
So that's where we got "Špikeris"!
Russia would obviously profit from having goodwill in its neighbourhood.
I guess the etymology is simile to pierogi but we bake them and they’re usually made with speck, onions, and lardons
Vietnam
After the pact with Soviets Germany received more than half of Europe and strategic war resources from Soviets, which landed Germans at the actual height of their power
Actually trolli**s** is also abreviation of trolleybus in Latvian slang
because thats what Russia does when its puppets become worthless or start resisting their rule.....they did the same thing with Chechen leaders who were on their side but refused to do some of their commands.
Don't mix them up with slavs, buddy.
Well, we're glad you acctually had noticed there is a war by 1917 and acctually started fighting just 2,5 weeks after the armistice
The only reason I know you're having presidental change soon is because your current guy just came here on official visit and Germany having president is so rarely mentioned that many people probably don't even know it's a thing
If this is going to work than a Latvian has to be ready to die for France and a Frenchman has to be willing to die for Latvia and they both have to be ready to die for Europe.
Dear Austria, who in Estonia, Latvia or Lithuania has ever claimed to be Scandinavian?
Also I had planned making some hamburgers to celebrate our greatest allies becoming great again.
I morphed the average Finnish and Latvian/Lithuanian women together and got [this]
Are those the  same 1,120 people
**Pronunciation** \- Most words have at least one "S" in them, which isn't hard, but the challenging part is the "š" (sh), "ķ" (kj) sounds
If you wanna talk to someone just DM me
It is legal if you do it during the war that you have legitimate reason to be fighting e.g.
First: American became its own identity
Chilly: 5-17C
In Latvia Piebalgas Kvass is my favourite.
Even if I were to agree with you - money is not everything.
A good one is good on its own but in a bad one the raisins actually help to break up the texture and make it less dry
At least they are working on it
Hey, at least we made an effort to look different, while you removed all coats of arms you used to have on your flag and got international name that sounds like Australia - it's as you're trying to be confused with others
Not sure how it all started though, I was just another link in the chain of people
Driver just wanted to get to metro faster
You do not need much preparation, although I recommend always having some Euros or whatever the local currency (such as Swiss Franks) is on hand.
You are probably pro-choice femi-commie
A criminal investigation has begun
And as always - even having pests in your garden is turned into point of national pride
They need to be locked out of NATO and other alliances because this kind of behaviour is unacceptable
The former USSR states like Latvia are perhaps, Western Europe never stopped being a social democracy.
TBH, 5 million is around 1% of EUs population
He remained in power until the Soviet invasion in 1940.
Dont try to pretend that we dont have a problem with gay people here, because we do, as your very typically Latvian response indicates.
If you think they're assholes you're weak, they're simply efficient
Then there's Russia with roughly the same population as Japan
knuckles - one kid would put his fist on a table and another would flick a coin along the table at their knuckles
I am talking local Latvian experience with Russian effort to make themselves seem more terrible than the Nazis to the extent that people would be willing to joing with the Germans.
I check both of my country subreddits:
Knowing how crazy pizza gets in France, Sweden and even Italy, we have very traditional pizza with nothing special added and no dipping sauces
District heating with hot water is a very very good source of heating for high-density populated ares, the technology is robust and adaptable
Isn't this the same fire where that Romanian rock band died
Krišjānis Valdemārs (one of the starters and leader for the young Latvian movement (first Latvian awakening) )
Gas ovens are great apart from the safety aspect.
I'd add Greece, Latvia and Estonia to the list.
Here it usually more, because it is a free day and people can finally shop..
Someone introduce him to Cities Skylines
Or go exploring, walk, cycle, hire car
Except apparently Estonia who borders Russia and apparently still goes to Latvia for booze?
[Laimdota Straujuma] former Prime Minister of Latvia, speaking at the EPP convention
They literally do, Lithuania has the 4th highest suicide rate in the world
Pretty much everywhere in EU, but probably Finland and Sweden most of all
Yes
Guess you must abandon all Western integration politics and move out of the EU, you know to stop integration, right?
Could be, happens when people that are usually very firm in their beliefs have them challenged.
Vel, its nat verī īzī tu rait laik zis
Vilnius is a beautiful city
Wait, actually, do forget Newport
It's often used to mean all countries that were Soviet or in the Warsaw pact.
We were told that in Norwegian all letters are pronounced
Removal of middle class will just improve Russia.
As I'd heard it, those were the ambassadors of those countries that met regularly to exchange the post
Such sarcastic remarks are very typical of him, and sometimes leak into the Latvian language version as well.
"Shit* tastes good" is how i read it.
But look, this particular article doesn't fit the narrative so let's downvote it to hell.
Also on Reddit I learned that Estonians want to be Nordic, that Latvians crave for potatoes and that Poles like extreminate people on concentration camps.
It's your bank's issue, it's stuck in 20th century
Source: I'm Latvian
There are more serious versions on youtube but they sound/look even more silly than the kid version.
You might be thinking of the fuse in the plug that Euro plugs don't have because of the breaker box
This is slightly misleading
Cold: -15 C minus
Officially, the 100 nerds assembled from a public popular vote pick a president then vote him in with a 51%. Then the president proposes a prime minister
Finally a chart I'm not ashamed to look at
They have their own language that's actually being spoken by the people
Haha that's dope
For Latvia, it would be Ice Hockey, and actually, Latvia and Finland are the only countries in Europe where Hockey is more popular than football
I is the most difficult thing to hit the round ball with a round bat
Voice pitch gets higher for some reason
That doesn't mean it was good, or it's better in general
Austrija- Ungārija or Austrijas-Ungārijas impērija or Austroungāru impērija
Should you, I mean, should you really coddle them and tell them that their views are just as valid and valuable as others?
In latvia there's 4 national states and I know every state has a different dialect but I don't really know if every city has its own
Our vodka tourists are going as far as Latvia now?
little/cute/tiny money = naudiņa
Man = me
I don't think it's very exciting, but the fortress in Daugavpils is very interesting.
I think it does in the most cases, it's just that here occupation lasted longer so it weirds some people out, but it's not really about the lenght, but that countries can't just randomly invade other countries and take their territory
But with the new mayor, I hope the situation will change
Unless you want to visit on your own, which is more dangerous and also illegal.
They may pick our strawberries but they will never pick our FREEDOM
Eh, I don't know
* the territory of Latvia was ravaged during WW1, people had no food, no medicine and no infrastructure
However English flag is only to be displayed by extremists
Nah, its because even the most brainwashed germans start to see that Merkel is destroying Europe and how everyone now once again hate Germans.
There is no road, only suffering
From what I’ve gleaned so far, I strongly suspect no one really likes ouzo very much, they’ve just been keeping up appearances as a point of national pride, and hoping for someone to finally come out and say it
I think it's an issue with the Lithuanians, rather than Latvians.
Not as impressive as [this
I've been thinking of an alternative strategy.
I'm a simple man: I hear Bruseles I think EU officials (and a bit of a sprout tho)
Where slot of people were sent out to gulags
Cursive, I don't think they ever taught block letters, I learned myself from my mom's writing style
You mean, like conservative leaning people or what exactly
Sadly, cyclist culture is not very developed here and somewhat looked down on, people see cyclists as annoying, the infrastructure is bad and not thought through
Dying while protecting civilians who you are tasked to protect is not death for nothing
Our media is just ruminating some economics mumbo jumbo on this subject - people are saying that.
Cattle of Europe: Latvian Brown
It's the default way to write with pen in Latvia.
Triggered
I'm not that well-versed in the background of the situation (Balkans are so complicated!), but I mostly consider Kosovo a country.
Your place in those lists pissed me off way more then it should have.
Different history, different situation, different story...
In the [map of Baltic tribes] you posted earlier, where are the Latvians?
We know they're hiding their potatoes in those islands.
I think OP is talking about present day, not 30 years ago
By the way the UK is acting in regards of an EU army, I'd say it is more like a knife with a blade, but instead of letting you use it, it put it in a safe and won't give the key(uses VETO).
In that same age group, the corresponding answer for good or very good Latvian skills is 87%.
Because he decided to implement better legal system that later was adopted by many countries in the World, previous rights only inspired the content of laws
after the US State Dept showed up in Kiev and assisted during the Euromaidan.
Also important to note that Latvia turns 100 next year
When I was in teens and had allready lost interest I won a bicycle in lottery, learned to ride somewhat, but didn't keep doing it since I thought it was illegal to ride it without licence after 12 and I didn't feel I was good enough to pass any test
It's a shame your beer is so much more expensive than ours
Now that is the lowest of the fucking lowest
There is no Captain Latvia toy in real life and they talk about Latvia like it’s a dump full of people too poor to do anything
Unless they are also 2m high, then Dutch :D
Heh, it's funny that you mention Chinatown.
I'm not advocating against the law, in fact, I'm all for it.
Same situation in all Eastern Europe though.
I'm actually amazed by how detailed it is!
Our authoritarian didn't change the constitution of 1922, unlike our neighbours in Estonia and Lithuania
Being afraid of refugees and women is alpha as fuck
I like it
Both as in Eastern and Northern Europe
Priecīgus Ziemassvētkus un laimīgu Jauno Gadu
We love our baltic brothers but we do have a friendly rivalry of who's country is better etc
Siberia is a contender to our roads in its utter shittiness.
Latvians have the [Jāņi] festival during June, it's quite fun in Latvia during that time!
The ID card is accepted for international travel within the EU, outside the EU a passport is required.
Boys use really racist and sexist and based jokes while most of women are offended by everything
I find that a winter trip to some southern country really helps.
Now that's courage
That's quite unsurprising growing up in Latvia.
No, Latvia and Estonia were actually a little larger during the Interwar and I think Latvia still has/until recently had some claims on a bit of territory in Russia(not 100% sure tough)
Conscription was phased out only ten years ago and it wasn't very supported before that, as I understand there were plenty of problems with it, plus many people seem to associate it with past oppressions.
Well, other than perhaps me becoming more and more dead inside year by year, but that has nothing to do with the movie though
The mosques are Saudi financed, though.
> The last war in Europe
I don't think that is true, but Latvians would probably have an easier time learning Lithuanian than vice versa.
Modern Latvia is located in the lands of the Curonians, Latgalians, Selonians, Semigallians.
Who gives the most aid to Serbia
So there's actual evidence that piracy negatively affects sales
[This] guy who had the audacity to perform a song in russian for Latvia
The cold hard truth is that most of Europe is highly dependent on Russia in energy sector and with the apparent nuclear power phase-out I really don't see the situation getting better any time soon.
Latvia and dark bluejeans
They all say Newport should be avoided like the plague
Britain wont be part of it anyway so none of this concerns you.
Courland/Couronian is what I use that causes no confusion
Pan-European Nationalism needs to infuse the current nationalism into it.
And the war of independence and ww1 as well
It should’ve been like this in December/January
Truly a hero, why don't they make statues of him i'll never understand
The only exception is if the child gets married while a minor (but that can only be done if the parents grant permission).
There are only such jokes about Latvia, not all Baltics, and then those apparently were randomly made up by bunch of foreigners who didn't really know anything about the country.
Did /r/europe mods forgot about their rules:
Also, de facto limit is 90km/h as places that allowed 100 before have the signs removed.
In Dutch culture we don't call things 'awesome' or 'fantastic' lightly.
Doctors are treated like shit in the UK, now they live in civil uncertainty.
Greece is [pinkish-white] everyone knows that.
130k+ people had to die in the Yugoslav wars
With this statement I presume you believe Russia owes the Ukraine an apology, no?
Hemp butter on black bread is really good.
I know how to use blackberries to paint your face to hide depression.
And just to make this more clear, I didn't stress it before - get a Visa or MasterCard, not an AmEx.
In Latvia it is pretty much implied that the president will be someone obscure because political parties will negotiate over more important ministerial positions and everybody will be happy to compromise on the appointment of the president.
The lighting is really bad but it just looks like any random pre-war building
Hmm, where have I seen a similar scenario...
Actually those small EU state tax evading policies serve French and German financial-political elites.
They drink too much, have lots of forests and lakes and Santa Claus lives there.
Okay, then, maybe it was diffrent Estonia from the one you live in, it would certainly explain some other discrepancies between what you usually say and what my expierience was
Nico
As someone who has emigrated from Latvia to Netherlands, Norway and to C.America, would you believe me when I say that in a lot of cases, in poorer countries food and basics are actually more expensive than rich countries
It's stealing and you know it
they come over, get their asses beaten, ships remain with victorious locals, who explore how they were built and improve design of their own ships accordingly
The thing is, the usual color scheme for a commieblock is "generic dirt and disrepair."
Latvians do like hockey, no clue if they are good.
So many useless degrees, or ones that you do just to get the paper saying you did them, not because of the knowledge you gain
We don't really finish the words we say like we would say a  word and just toss a few letters out so it sound kinda simpler
So moving the capital to Daugavpils would definitely be seen as a move back under Russian sphere of influence which most of the Latvian population would resent
Molotov-ribontrop pact gives the Baltic to the Soviets in 1940 they occupy the Baltics
Dat Safari version
Questions that assume we know a lot about American politics.
Not surprising - all Russian leaders turn out to be Georgian, Ukrainians, Jews or some other ethnicity eventually
It is indeed surprising
With the weird crap floating around today, who knows
I am not sure regarding sessession tho.
With Latvia we share a lot society-wise, just don't mix this up with culture.
As a kid I used to really respect this, however lately I've been fed up with old ladies that will take a seat on a packed bus and use the seat next to them to put their 100 grocery bags on, pester you about giving up your seat (verbally or by standing and staring at you) even though there are a ton of free seats, or those who can stand fine yet will use their age as an excuse to not give up their seat to someone younger who'd have objectively harder time standing due to obvious medical injury/condition
But if I spoke to a native English speaker outside of Latvia, they would not be able to tell I'm Latvian
Latvian, Lithuanian and Estonian Brexit: Suicide
Like I've seen even supposedly rational people back that shit
its a very wide and varied group and no you cant just bunch them together
Latvian state English-media's take on this:
Riga is such a terrible corrupt shithole, that's why it's population is growing while population in Latvia in general is shrinking...
Seriously fuck Blizzard, fuck their games, fuck the people in charge
Nor should be forgotten the price paid by Belarus, which lost 25% of its whole population, or Ukraine (16 %), or Latvia, Armenia and Lithuania (13 % each) etc etc.
A Latvian that doesn't eat tasty tasty tasty potatoes
Oh that happens quite a lot, there are Finns who are opening liquor stores in Valka, it's been all over the news over here lately.
I see no other way it could go if we follow this track of reasoning
It's an interesting association for sure though I do not think it's appropriate.
I don't think so
You can have an economic system that eschews private property and still have a government awarding unearned resources to some people
Result was cities full of goddamn ugly block houses who all look the same , plus they are usually dirt grey and make you depressed just by looking at it.
Uh, no
We all learn in english, share code and knowledge with documentation, tutorials, books
That is kinda weird
Estonians.Slow to realize stuff,HA!
Then the one whose hands are on the bottom would try to slap the top of the other kids hands before they can react
It's just interesting to see how this sub is radically against outside EU immigration and constantly bashing Muslims while at the same time you have Eastern Europeans emphasizing how "we are all Europeans"
The preferable method is by minimizing all possible contacts/conflicts with other people on the road (no matter if you are in the right or not)
It could be any one of us
Meaning that Germany may be the source of only
100 years ago they had a revolution where they overthrew their Tsar
The Moon- Mēness(language, male), Mēness(mythology, god)
Yeah, [here's] another one, around 50km stretch, from being literally a gravel road with most of the intersecting roads also reconstructed.
It's hard for me to give advice as I've never experienced anything like this, but I can just say I'm sorry for your situation
current US will is Donald Trump....Merkel is like the total opposite of that
What is that line in eastern Latvia supposed to mean?
It's terrible thoo ;-;
Period under Swedish Empire were concidered better than most foreign empires that ruled here, but serfdom was never abolished in territories of Latvia
European armies in Mali and Congo?
It is state funded, but editorial office of the English version of LSM (our public broadcasting service) is basically one guy, Mike Collier, a British writer living in Riga.
To give that name today would mean the child would be teased at school
I also remember reading that some experts think it has made economy more secure as currency used only by one small market can be manipulated more easily
In Latvia, it's just how we write, it doesn't really have a name or anything.
I think quite the opposite
/r/Latvia has just under 8k subscribers, which is a very small proportion.
> but that's just like your opinion dude
Ten years ago, go to Italy and few would understand more than the simplest phrases in English, if that.
All the while having an unfriendly nation of 2 millions that doesn't speak their language; a bigger, undefended border with Poland; a new possible front without the defensive positions on Latvian border.
Speaking for the US, I think people realize the absolute inability to enforce language on people.
also JEANS
its the time of crisis that tends to bring us together and force us to innovate.
After the pact with Soviets Germany received more than half of Europe and strategic war resources from Soviets, which landed Germans at the actual height of their power
You want good boots, pants etc.
So don't worry US has stuff on everyone they need...
whataboutwhataboutwhatabout
It gives them an advantage in the job market when they return too.
Regarding other countries, it is not about them!
One matched
Latvia is an independent democratic republic
“That was kind of a surprise because everybody agrees that corruption is a major problem in this country, but they still continue to vote for corrupt politicians.”
And take them back to beloved motherland.
So 100 times more would mean that there will be no cooperation between Russia and the West.
But they're absolutely a nation and not just a rich part of Spain.
When it is not, unlimited mobile internet to the rescue.
I don't like potatoes
Latvia is lutheran not orthodox lol
Or WW2 when Latvia was invaded By Soviets, and then Nazis, and then Soviets again, all the while partisan groups fought against both of them, I think if an AC game were to happen then, the assassin would be a forest brother partisan
Very centralized, but my answer is strongly affected by me thinking in terms of the Latvian government.
Preferably by NATO not Russia because Russians (just like Serbs) have zero moral authority in these matters.
Oh and my neighbour in Latvia was a convincted rapist and murderer, and not just for one case and he only got 15 years in prison and now freely walks my town and its pretty normal, I havent met anyone in the UK who has done more than petty crime
The French anthem is pretty amazing, certainly rousing.
That's a mean thing to say about [people]
Hate that farcical nonsense
Beautiful countryside with mountains, forests and rivers and 15 advertisement signs in front of it all
99% of text I write is on a keyboard
Especially
How much of the attention goes to the period before the 13th century, with scarce written sources?
Same, it was a very human moment
We call it “Jāņi”
My grandparents were deported to Siberia
To someone interested in arts, Florence is worth a visit for Uffizi alone, and it's just 1.5h from Rome by high-speed train.
And if not that, it's just more comfortable without shoes
20 - divdesmit
Sugar and wheat
aww man
Maybe, just maybe, because those countries themselves don't claim that?
They call it "Stop and calm down" Basically they get a choice either pay the usual fine or just stand at the side of the road for some time
Estonia
Or did they modify the buses to have doors on the right side
That's why in my previous comment I've added "[...] Lihuania as a successor of the baltic culture [...]".
When Prisma still was open here, they had packaged farmed deer and moose meat
Hi, thank you for your contribution, but this submission has been removed because it is a question better suited for /r/AskEurope.
We had one leading politician with a really good ad guy, but towards the end of his political career it didn't go very well either because he was disliked by much of the public or perhaps they got too desperate
It's a pleasure to be shortlisted.
For the last 100 years we kinda are
Estonians really don't know much about Latvian culture.
He seems like a decent and reasonably charismatic man.
Belarus: It's easy to forget they border us
Wanting to ban abortion would be a very minority opinion.
It's interesting that tourists who only visit London don't really get to see the unarmed police aspect, as typical tourist routes take you through the places where armed teams are constantly or often deployed.
I don't think it gets better internationally than 2%
And we celebrate our freedom fighters on 11th November
You are either Russian chauvinist, paid troll or Putin's useful idiot and so I dont believe for a second that there is something cute in calling my country statelet.
answers to that will differ so widely from person to person that it's almost meaningless to ask
Lies
The UK now would be a very different place without the Thatcher years and I don’t assume 100% “better”.
Italians and French are natural enemies
:D Didn't know that others get offended by it.
[We have 2 lions and 2 griffins.]
I'm not one to jump in and disclose how much I earn right away, but I don't perceive it as rude
Ukraine is no more "Europe" than Russia
ngl the potato jokes are getting a "bit" old at this point
But for the love of god, I can't imagine what is that reason
It’s pretty common for a few subjects to be taught in English outside of English or American school, and in my fiancées school she even had a few subjects in French also
Norway and Switzerland have all of them (these 15 at least)
Estonia is more or less well-connected.
Blackout curtains
Businessmen who take part in corrupt dealings with Russian businesses, in my eyes, are akin to traitors - either take your business elsewhere, or forever hold your hypocritical shitstain mouth that things are bad in Latvia.
Those with a higher education are less likely to become/stay religious.
Almost everywhere - Latvia, Ukraine, Poland, was a fierce resistance against communism, which just couldn't stand a chance against soviet war-machine.
Ukrainians also want to live like normal people and not in shit like the Russians."
It woudn't be very controversial since 2 of our formers presidents were born outside Latvia
As of going international, there was an absolutely exquisite Russian (which is a common minority language here) translation of it, which certainly helped
Latvia should be Neville Longbottom, nobody takes us seriously, but you'll be thankful when we save everyone in the end
In this part of Europe, if I was outside for more than a minute and it's between September and April, then my shoes are wet or dirty.
I'd like to avoid our flag being just another boring tricolor and it being mistaken with Austria, so I'd make the white and maroon play out more like the [belts from our national costumes] something like [Belarus] or [Setomaa] And honestly, even [the preliminary interpretation of the national flag] would be nice
Also our trains are quite loud themselves when accelerating and braking
lower quality of life doesn't really influence fertility that much, otherwise you would have eastern Europe "out breeding" western Europe, which is not happening.
'is not a continent'
Baltic people are quite cunning, would find a way anyhow.
Countries and their leaders are just another set of organizations so whatever applies to them applies down the line
I bet it was good, that lady is a really good cook
Everything is cheaper
According to Central Statistical Bureau of Latvia [37.2%] at home speaks russian.
Ukraine: Am i a joke to you
Hiked around Malta and Gozo
That doesn't apply to Catalonia - it's a problem in the cases where saying what "a nation" is problematic.
That happened in Latvia too, where rich families and previous politicians are doing both green energy and garbage business
Big difference
I bet she's really randy
But instead they want to crash out with no deal whatsoever
District heating with hot water is a very very good source of heating for high-density populated ares, the technology is robust and adaptable
well surely if someone tries to resist peaceful and prefect Soviet union, they must be some kind of fahists sympathizers, there's just no other way someone with do such a thing  /s
It's really weird, cuz before elections they were leading un polls, but now they're smallest party supported just by 1%.
No change there
There are also plenty of villages completely abandoned, while that is all over the country, Latgale is noticeably more abandoned
But Latvia can
oh, so you are a British nationalist and apologist as well???
aka Prince Philip husband of Queen Elizabeth II of United Kingdom
The stereotype where we get compared to Slavic drunks
This doesn't sound like an endorsement of EC to me.
One good and bad thing simultaneously about the US is that they are comfortable being the only country to do something.
welll I've always been interested in Scotland.
Probably Ivars Godmanis or Ainars Šlesers
This is the difference compared to language learning in the US.
Starting a company sounds pretty cool tho
American presence in your country is nothing when considering the alternative
A label just serves to inform consumers what they are buying, it doesn't prevent it from being sold or indeed marketed as something better, there are allready EU rules that manufacturer can't label product as something unless they follow certain recipe or even don't make it in certain region and somehow everyone has managed to adjust to those
This is pretty dank, if I do say so myself
Is Finland pulling money out of thin air?
That person had no issue with English though
they are almost members of EU formally since they abide by most of its laws (especially Switzerland, whos economy is very much tied with EU as this point), UK said it didn't want to abide any of them
I do think the size of Russian in Latvia is overemphasized.
> Yeah
The composition of the German leaflet is completely different from both the Latvian and the French one, which are different from each other as well.
It was like living on planned economics and common being over personal, if you're from a city or a town you were born most likely in maternity unit, went to nearest childrengarden, then in school, in USSR 2nd graders would be organized into Octobrist organization, from like fifth you'd be taken to Pioneers Youth organization with some ideological rituals, about 8th-10th grade you'd be proposed to enter Komsomol organization, which had specific requirements for your morals and deeds
i'm not religious so i did ethics and we learned about emotions, manners, being kind to people, life goals and that kind of stuff
Leaders such as Napoleon or certain less successful Germans are known more than Swedish kings, the Eiffel Tower is probably the most recognizable European building, etc.
In other words, they aren't automatically corrupt, most likely they tech-dumb and their opinions are stuck in the 80-90s pre-internet era, with a pinch of shills among them to wave their fists at the internet
Just imagine the glory and prestige
Over here sometimes people are addressed by their position, e.g., teacher, doctor, if we don't know the name or don't want to be overly familiar but other than that it's all first names, except very formal situations
Livonia comprised of southern Estonia and northern Latvia.
But if he is wrong, why say that makes him an Englishman
Baswd countries
Bitch Estonians sent their soldiers to fight in Afghanistan, a war that they had absolutely nothing to do with, a war which they could have easily ignored and pretended it's none of their business......its fuckers like you who show disrespect with your ignorance.
and we saw the rise of 1h parking lots...
Intern who complains about not having a high enough salary, and too many rules
a certain someone with decades of experience working in spy agency in East Germany.....but of course such a vile individual wouldn't actually hold enough power to pull something nasty like that right??
lol, this is about right
My morning coffee usually helps me relieve any blockade I'm facing
Our role is literally to be mixed up with Lithuania
Yeah thanks i no speak london very vell
Germany was the aggressor so the Bolsheviks had an easy time promising starving soldiers ownership of land and riches
They were super friendly, and obviously we were talking in English with them
Could be
Heck, most people I have met think Latvia is the same contrie as Lithuania
Though realistically they aren't big enough to get completely lost in
All of that was even more important in 1990 when travelling was way more difficult and expensive, so habits to look for a job in Finland never formed.
And then you have socialism also used as the term for social democracy.
I really think that the holiday is the one i look most forward to
If I see a Lithuanian in here saying it's Poland or smth, I will be crying in my pillow tonight
Why are we exporting wood to Sweden then
For cooking
Like when you watch American series or films and you think "pfff people never talk like that in real life" but then it turns out that a lot of them do
lmao ofc most occupied countries made it
They're also working on a special Latvian version of the new Lada, it runs on grief, despair and no potato.
My mistake I was thinking of this [map] and I think I'm misremembered an older(2013?) version of the first one you posted where Latvian and Lithuanian average wages were significantly more behind Polish.
Went to Riga, Latvia, on a class field trip in 2000, when I was 10 years old.
Actually, save for Ukraine and Belaru (which is already under pseudo-Russian gov't), ALL bordering nations are EU/NATO.
There is no good translation of "please" into Swedish.
You have neither seen the investigation into the evidence nor the circumstances that lead to their opinion
It didnt lead anymore, because frankly Russia didn't want it to lead anywhere, they didnt even want to remove their military bases from Baltic states until Americans straight up threaten them with economic embargo if they don't. There cant be a ''conversation'' if one side is not interested in any sort of compromise , its just naive
Not yet
Pronounced the way it's written, the "ā" is like "a" in "water" but longer
But when the cop speaks Latvian, I could not even understand what he was saying most of the time
That being said, school was the only place where I used that skill
Brooklyn Nine-Nine
I mean, sure, it's not the only or even the absolute majority of lunches but still
Oh, you guys allready complained about people's attitudes, let me tell you something else - food is shit too.
Isn't Latvia the country that has their ministers busy talking shit about Spain and demanding Catalonian secession?
Rat Cornelia 'žurka Kornēlija'
You better not oppress them, Latvia.
Like in ggplot or whatever you use, make the labels be the value in HH:MM, but the actual value be based on `val = data[point].hours*60+data[point].minutes`
TLDR He created a company X1 in
I dount nou vat tu talk abaut aizer
IDK Russia has a [grand theft country] thing going, but despite multitude of negative things reported about it, I've never heard about a mere mortal having such problems just with starting business there.
Couldn't tell you
More so that Latvians and Lithuanians are brāļi (brothers) together with our weird northern cousin (Estonia)
The current Russia is a successor of those states, though
Sidenote: as always the best thing about these posts is reading through comments of Scandinavians insulting each other
Moreover, I have some dependencies with it: my parents and relatives, who I support financially + my micro business are all in Swedbank.
The large commie block outskirts might be a different story, but the most you'd risk there would be a mugging
Look at your ID card and passport.
Make one like this for Latvia, with "don't have potato" over whole country and "have potato" outside.
Those who had personal - were everybody's friend
Then learn idk what there's lots of other grammar rules
I mean, Soviet occupation gave them factories n stuff
Spineless fuckers
I mean many Latvians (but not all by any means) can speak Russian, sure, but the Latvian language is a completely different language (non-Slavic Indo European) that doesn’t even use the same alphabet as Russian
Do the alps separate the Italian continent too?
Can't eat there anymore
Any European country which doesn't let them through to their promised land should be fined.
I do miss Lats mainly because of sentimental values from growing up with them
For the rest there's plenty of other issues to deal with besides having employees come to office purely out of habit
And they didn't expect to actually win.
The attitude "we are independent, we can do whatever we want" doesn't work in real world.
The average European though, in my mind, doesn't follow American politics much outside of the presidential elections, and I mean the general election, not the entire long election season.
Is it even remotely safe to go skiing to Austria at the end of January
Interesting optical illusion when you compare the percieved size of the star circle on the Austrian and Latvian flag.
Well if it is serious guess, we will have to expect repercussions from EU any time now...
The best I could find in English is a mention in the US Department of State 2011 Human Rights Report on Latvia.
You're right, and I suspect most Europeans have the same "beaches + touristy areas" tourism.
There are so many arguments to be made about how even if applied, the 2% is an empty number with no security value to be gained, especially in Lithuania and Latvia.
it doesn't look over represented to me.
It's just another Estonian flag in nature, OP must have been near border
Didn't know they could be mapped so specifically.
They don't in the Balkan either, yet they're all grouped together because it's a geographical feature.
They speak a dialect that's barely intelligible and are predominately Russian Orthodox
Some 12,000 former red riflemen returned to Latvia post-war, on the promise of amnesty (upheld 100%), while many others didn't share their optimism (they were branded as traitors by the riflemen in Latvia) and elected to stay in Russia, using the contacts they made during the war and rising through the ranks
* Lenin promised the riflemen an independent Latvia
Latvian here: the story is similar to Russia - Russian speaking bums get super drunk and start beating each other, often resulting in death
Amen
You also have a picture of u/3v42069 and their boyfriend as a wallpaper
But they also say I have a cool accent, so I'm happy about it
We have several factories that produce trains and parts for trains, which could - with enough time and investment of money and expertise - start production of something like an APC, say, but other than that - very little.
Hah, I did the Trans-Siberian a few years ago; that was an eye opener
After we matched, we followed each other on social media anyways
Here's a [page] (in Swedish) about setting up a tent.
5 - pieci
Though Tolkien denied there being any connections between the two.
It was nationalism that liberated us from the grasps of the Soviet Union, that allowed us to carve our own nation in the beginning of the 20th century.
I understand why USA is sceptical and European shall spend more and be serious.
When I was in Vilnius, I ordered a glass of homebrewn kvas in Forto Dvaras(think that was the name of the restaurant).
yeah because that big pervert didn't allow us to leave
Truly a hero, why don't they make statues of him i'll never understand
People tend to have their own names for lands/peoples nearby.
It would be political suicide
Gorbachev in his time it seems
Pretty much everyday I see comments about how great eastern European women are, but lets be real, like 99% of you are talking out of your ass.
We, Latvians, joke about taking back Ruhnu island back from Estonia all the time
Well, I always thought that Baltic countries are the ones next to Baltic sea: Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia.
We haven't learned this because it was new stuff at the time
I really really dont think its worse here than over there
I'm like checking out Scandinavia and the Baltics and then suddenly - BOOM, HEY IT'S ME GERMANY!
Only hungry
But recently was an incident were people donated enough money for a man with cancer, so he could go to Switserland and be euthanasied.
For example there is Mārupe and Jaunmārupe
Then a year in latvian called "baigā gada" (year of Terror)
money = nauda
I'd say Vidzeme (Cēsis, Sigulda, Valmiera) and Zemgale (Jelgava, Bauska) have no accents as well.
Personaly something showing up in TV shop is strong reason to never consider buying it - everything in those ads seems so gimmicky, stupid and overpriced
Oh I thought it was to claim benefits
We need allied troops here - Russians will never take our forces seriously unless there is nuclear backing - an American or Brit dies from Russian arms and it's close to doomsday for Moscow.
Do you even know what [totalitarian] means?
It seems like almost every Baltic person ashamed of being associated with the Slavic countries.
The Soviets did their best to sweep this under the rug, and was only widespread knowledge after the collapse of the USSR
Latvian is considered to only have 3 dialects, further subdivided into subdialects, and I personally find that most are not dramatically different from the standard language.
He is arguing against you blatantly trying to derail this post
The private sector is benefiting!
Latvians didn't invite Nazis over and they didn't have such privilege as to tell them to do anything.
Additionally this will not help Ukraine at all.
Molotov-ribontrop pact gives the Baltic to the Soviets in 1940 they occupy the Baltics
Was in February, no sign like that to greet me.
The EU mutual protection clause is quite weak, and pretty much all the important EU leaders are quite non-interventionist.
Anti-Russian - fairly common among the ethnically Latvian population, especially now again in the last 2 years, after the invasion of Ukraine.
Kolka (Name derives from Livonian "Kūolka" which means "corner")
Europe wouldn't bring back Hitler, but it may not recognize Hitler in disguise, so to speak.
Somewhere during the peak of the refugee crisis last year, I said I'm not worried about Latvia having to accept quota refugees because we'd need to put them in a camp with barbed wire to make them stay.
They don't want any attacks in countries oppressive to Muslims because they want other countries to think it works and adopt the same policies so more people are radicalised by being excluded from society.
I say the same about McDonalds
Le Pen’s (small) online army – DFRLab
A Latvian pro footballer would probably live in an average house...
Well in Latvia we do eat buckwheat, so atleast one third of Balts is covered
Again a case of Baltic nationalists being in bed with their enemies.
Just checked on EU websites, and it's unlikely you can get a visa extension, unless you have irrevocable proof of force majeure or humanitarian reasons that don't allow you to leave Schengen before your visa expires.
What you need to do is get your hands on micronation commemorative euros, but that's probably going to cost you more than 2€ to begin with
99% of the time you can spell it correctly though, so, almost xD
4000 euro penalty
I have to disagree
Maybe our western brethren is not such a lost cause after all.
I'm fluent in English and a lot of the vocabulary is similar, also I'm Latvian and older Latvian has some German influence (but the two languages are almost nothing alike)
But you should know, that when people make a statement and then add "Right?" at the end they might not necessarily mean what they are saying...
We've altered it a bit more - it's Somija
Usually any other country in Europe beside Baltic have mountains, so it was unbelievable for them
You have places like Greece, Bulgaria, Macedonia, and Albania right next to Turkey, or Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania to the North.
There's a very good sentence in the article:
Wasn’t Ken Livingstone referred to as “Red Ken” and during his GLC years affiliated with Militant movement ?  Maybe his view is not 100% unbiased
A toilet paper thief for the main office administrator title in the country.
There is no equipment in Dutch armed forces which would be more advanced than Greek.
You probably do not pay much attention to them.
It was funnier with Lenin statue with that city name on it
"Laimīgu neatkarības dienu, Latvija
It's a bot
Polish migrants in the UK are often referred to as Eastern Europeans.
Just add some vodka to grape juice.
This is just making it sort of official now.
The thing is that according to Minsk II Article 8 Kiev was supposed to restore banking system, social payments and other economic ties in the region.
Belarus is going to claim that the grand duchy of Lithuania was actually Belarusian.
"It is every Germans' contitutional right to go on a family trip in a VW van at the speed of a cruise missile"
The Greens are in 11 German state governments the CDU is in only 6 yet we do great.
If the money went into a collective fund that is then spent( like the U.S, as every state does not have its own army but rather one big one) it would be effective.
It tastes great even if you drink it without mixing it with a soft drink.
This internet stranger believes in you wishes you all the best
Born too far North to be Eastern Europeans, born just East enough to act like Eastern Europeans.
A couple months ago I was getting the bus from Brazil to Argentina, and right before the border a Russian couple get on
Cannabis has different species, non-narcotic hemp was widely cultivated in the past for fiber and also food
So what makes you tick, mini Brazil?
That we are seemingly slowly losing the economic race to Lithuania and Latvia in the long run if predictions are to be trusted.
Dying while protecting civilians who you are tasked to protect is not death for nothing
Tasted many many beers, they are so good
Does this mean Latvia moving into Russian sphere of inflience or Belarus moving out of it?
[Saule, Pekons, Daugava - Sun, Thunder, Daugava]
Not in the list, but if a Lithuanian spoke really slowly, I think I could understand most of what they were saying
The countries that have an opt-out system do, unsurprisingly, have far higher rates of donors.
Print letters are only expected and acceptable in preschool kids.
We'd put a kid between two matresses and walk over him, called it the massage
Our travel company made a similar mistake when we still used them, around 10-15 years ago.
8 degrees cause I’m so used to the cold weather that I’d die of heatstroke
Soon Ireland will accept its rightful and welcome place back in the bosom of the UK
And from research I've done on the topic there seems to be quite a bit of discrimination against the Russian minority.
NATO is seen as the main reason why there's no real risk of a Russian invasion.
Jaj, danke
It's even harder to see the US replacing the Dollar as a currency, it's one of the country's main symbols and the most famous currency in the world.
There is no way they keep track of that
If you leave Spain on a trip to outside of Schengen, Spanish officials will want to see that you didn't overstay your visa, which you will not.
I see no other way it could go if we follow this track of reasoning
Pieces of wood and metal had been driven into skulls, mouths and noses, arms and legs had been broken and had pieces of barbed wire threaded trough them
In the previous Estonian flag thread somebody had linked this picture (together with Estonian and Lithuanian flags), but yeah, I guess it was buried somewhere.
The Swedish government did eventually apologize and they did offer a lot of help during the restoration of independence, almost as much as Finland did for Estonia, so we're not holding a grudge, it's just a dark spot in the past
And don't even bother inviting someone to your church unless you know for a fact they are religious.
If you leave the country by land via bus/train/car, be sure that your visa is still going to be valid when you cross the border.
Can't see that it's true for everyone because I don't know really, but I thought I would let you know
Ethnicity is about culture, it's usually the same as parents' and people are not keen to change it, but there's nothing preventing a child of Russians growing up or even living long in Latvian enviroment to fully adopt Latvian culture (also OP doesn't know what they're talking about, you were absolutely right that it talks about  Latvian nationals, not ethnicity)
Given that I'm trying to lose my British passport as soon as possible, I have yet to see a reason why anyone would not be
All countries are on AZ side and recognise Karabakh as part of AZ
Triggered
Is it even remotely safe to go skiing to Austria at the end of January
Edit: formatting
EU in certain circles is usually perceived as this globalized, free trade monstrosity that destroys local industries with cunning and nefarious regulations.
Should be called greater Brandenburg instead, or Sclavenia if we go deep into history.
And glorious national government which exclusively consists from nationalists...
I've only seen them at the riga marathon
WW2 started before first Soviet invasion and annexation.
Something like ley lines but that there's water in them and that it radiates some mystical energy that is bad; but ordinary streams of water and plumbing don't, and you really shouldn't sleep on top of it
It's fucked up to the max, since we're not Russia and Russian shouldn't be mandatory for domestic use
Cheap ones
In my country all movies have subtitles in Latvian and Russian
Same in Norwegian and Danish, AFAIK.
sometimes we say some words quickly and it might sound like a one-letter word, but I'm pretty sure we dont have any
Naktstaurenis = night butterfly (moth)
Why should Russians in Latvia learn and respect Latvian, if elected officials who should represent all people of Latvia don't do that?
And nature
My family stopped being Poles, Lithuanians and Russians at some point.
Wtf, I am genuinely shocked about how little we produce.
Swedish Riga reappears after more than 300 years
Finnish sounds sleepy, Russian sounds boring, Latvian sounds funny.
We are threatened minority, not Russians.
Latvia and Litva always sounded quite similar to me, but nope.
Why not Waterpizza, instead of pizzagate, which I suspect is allready used by Americans for something else?
For me, the ugliest buildings in Latvia are three "skyscrapers" 100 meter tall each, built in the soviet times, absolutely generic
Italy has plenty of street food which is both cheaper and healthier than McDonald's.
We can safely assume that at least 1% of trade and other cooperation between Russia and the West is no longer there due to sanctions.
Some smaller towns likely don't have their own systems and people use intercity transport, which probably still has paper tickets that you buy beforehand or from the driver
The bride's father was going to that school, and was ill at the time
Like, the Cyrillic letter И is always a short i sound (English 'mix', Spanish 'hijo'), the Cyrillic С is S.
That guy in the second picture could pass for one - grey beard and snappy sports jacket, looks like aging hipster.
There will be always a demand for jobs that don't require higher education and pay the minimum or low wage.
We still don't know the markets will react once Brexit finally is invoked.
Therefor I don't think that Lithuania or any other small state will be able to change anything.
Baltic states escaped this fate in the chaos of 1990's, Baltic politicians of that era were quick enough in grabbing the opportunity to brake away while Russia was busy with their own problems
So I said yes and got a big surprise 5 minutes later.
I always thought its because of Georgian economic power in that stupid system.
Belarus: It's easy to forget they border us
Nazis=Knife
And Heroes, too
This especially applies to Poles, like 99% I've met working in the Western Europe looked like [that]
Wikileaks leaked a bunch of documents connected to Fillon.
Illicit money flowing out of Russia via Moldova and Latvia ended up in almost every single EU state, an investigation has found,
I never heard about potatoes and Latvia.
but its like the epitome of E.E.
Also important to note that Latvia turns 100 next year
and is now, 25 years later, they are paying the grim consequences of that
These types of coffee are not too popular outside the Nordics, at least not elsewhere in Europe.
Nobody said that they were, they are just there because our three countries are always represented in various statistics together.
At least with religion and Christianity it's a familiar and predictable form of insanity
EU Flag
Erm, plenty of Russians in Latvia and Estonia also no?
Interwar period Latvia in 1934 has a coup and establishes a dictatorship
Most of Greek Cypriots that I know would never cross "border" of North Cyprus
Nereta
Awesome, I hate cold :D
Sorry if I offended anyone :(
Before WW2, our army’s main insignia was the swastika (represented thunder or power in Latvian mythology) so when the Soviets occupied Latvia, they mistook our planes for German planes, and so there was a lot of friendly fire at the beginning, until the swastikas were painted over
We played this under the names kazaki-razboiņiki (cossaks and criminals) or indians and cowboys
I've lived in Finland and Latvia, and the Netherlands, and I did not feel any differences in speed.
And I think we need US troops in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland, Putin is far less likely to send his green men there if there is a risk US soldiers are hurt.
Job ads quite often require knowledge of Russian
I love thunderstorms
Please, tell me, where have followers of national socialism, or neo-nazism, marched in Latvia?
because, you know, Russia is right there and its such a ''good'' and ''friendly'' neighbor
For math or physics it does complicate things a little bit
I don't like typing on touchscreens, though that'll do in a pinch
It's hard for me to give advice as I've never experienced anything like this, but I can just say I'm sorry for your situation
In this context, when I say Russophones, I'm talking about people in Latvia with Russian as the mother tongue, most of whom are ethnically Russian but also a significant amount are Ukrainian, Belarusian or a few other ethnic groups.
if the Russians all spoke Latvian, how would you troll them?
Hopefully you refer to the "ex-British colonies" of Ireland and India every chance you get.
What a win
But this case is really exceptional and not related to the issue of stateless people in Estonia and Latvia.
Unlike Norway and Switzerland the UK is not even in Schengen area, for example
A bear
Point A - according to the Russians it is a bad thing.
" It just sounds so different in Latvian("arbūzs")
No, it's about respecting our language and following the laws.
Wait till 2020 when EU structural funds will end.
As a cyclist myself I have come to the conclusion that following all the traffic rules is not the best way how to drive
Norwegian authorities arrest Latvian crab trawler with crew of 30 people
Every album from [Skyforger] is more or less really high quality
A more hardcore version was holding your hands in fists and rapping the knuckles
And the list definitely includes Russia
there is no excuse for this , this is in line with what Nazis did, pure and simple
Calling her was fitting indeed.
Smart ass
Unfortunately, most of our population seems to think as you do.
One, you need to be a victim of persecution in your country, and two, your country has to be unwilling or unable to protect you.
Like that's a bad thing
I had Norwegian lessons in Trondheim on Erasmus
We had extracurricular activities, school government and diffrent sorts of parties and events, but it didn't make school any less boring IMHO
The problem is that you can assert literally anything, as you do, and since you are asserting that there are specific organizations having specific influence I'm extrapolating to the only plausible conclusion
I definitely enjoyed my time in Latvia but not the driving - sorry.
Latvia is mostly green :)
As I mentioned it, the far more likely scenario is the switch to low temp systems, and there are some pilot projects being built rightn ow all across the world with some positive and some mixed results
holy fuck
I occasionally see restaurant menus in Spain where the prices are without tax, and then they have "IVA no incluido" at the bottom.
Can't have so much strength
Idiots are everywhere
For several foreign cultures that are widespread in Latvia, there are explicit rules on adjusting their names.
You buy them, get on the bus (or something else), touch terminal with it and voila -  your ride is registered
[..] The blood was not yet dry suggesting that just recently many unfortunate had died a marythir's death.
You fully deserve that
This is unusual only because it’s like that now
We got worse food y'know
Latvians are excluded on this map.
Latvians couldn't finish that sentence before they hit a pothole!
Try to give me at least one argument to invade them.
Same cannot be said about Baltics and unchecked Russia.
The KGB was similar to Nazi Gestapo, and their current president is a ex-KGB captain who was stationed in East Germany, take from that what you will.
We give manufacturers and importers a reasonable time period to adjust - deplete the stock, decide for which markets to keep unique product versions and how to label them.
Latvian/Lithuanian TFR was indeed dreadful until literally last 2-3 years, I follow demography closely and I am not sure of the reasons behind it myself, other than the re-assertion of the natural desire of family formation taking place after 20 years of bad economic situation and emigration.
gg, mate, cya in hell, I'll be sure to poke your ass with an extra hot poker.
I'm a prince living in Saudi Arabia but I make about 100 times the average Latvian salary.
I find that as a loose general rule, the further east you go in Europe the more attractive the women look.
Yeah I've seen a lot of people (including me) wear them here
Always trying to get something from one side and then trying to leverage that against the other.
Shit  what happened later sucks, but things are as they are
Law can be somewhat ridiculous though.
Just like Spanish and French, English and French, Germans and French, French and other French
They are Russians but moved to Riga and have done well.
Damn, I'm surprised, since the quality seems amazing.
I've seen this said before and it's pretty illogical, if you think about it:
Two, you're of fucking dicks
Most of the sidewalks have bike lanes, but they're not really designed around the bike, more put there because there was a sidewalk, so it got widened and a bike lane added
''Darkness closes in, haunting the hearts of men.''
For some reason in UK they are called “cash point machine” which seems clunky and takes longer to say than “ATM”.
France and Germany was always against NATO expansion in eastern Europe.
A good thinking material for those 21% Germans who think that Russia is a reliable partner
It's easier to be funny
Or maybe we shouldn't be apologizing but rather expecting slightly higher quality of journalism.
I think Theresa May can be played by that women from Devil wear's Prada I forgot her name
EDIT: I live in Latvia, not UK, now
Ramata
As long as Trump does stuff domestically, I don't think there will be any particularly strong words even.
After december though that will change.
101 - simtu viens
It's like the turtles keeping our World stable
Basically Lithuania was the only baltic ethnic group that had a country instead of being conquered.
The borders and all the hassle of going to another country makes one view those people as something more different than they are, the mysterious foreigners, the noble savages, etc
Pripyat is not as difficult as you might think.
As a cyclist myself I have come to the conclusion that following all the traffic rules is not the best way how to drive
And generally speaking, all those nationalists rising to power right now (Grillo etc.) are "souverainists", even Putins sympathisers.
More than half a millennia is a lot of time for people to change
This is true for Estonia only, because of that Aryan status and having only 1000 Jews left by the time Nazis moved in.
> Looking at your cards before your entire hand has been dealt when playing 25
Visa is global
Our army is making a nice image for itself, saving babies, minesweeping and all, but otherwise it is more of an organization operating in background, not a huge matter of national pride like in some countries.
Ours is at 11
My mom and dad visited this castle on their honeymoon!
Poland technically wasn't in USSR so even from those times Latvia and Lithuania pretty much shared a "border" instead of a border.
Some of the problems the US would face would include freedom of movement and the Eurozone.
In Spain, the dictatorship collapsed but resulted in a civil war and then Franco's dictatorship.
Romanians are all dirty beggars.
If you're screenshotting a different post can you atleast crop the image
Latvia has a green president and so has Austria now.
Was this one actually taken in Latvia?
What is the stance of the Green party on nuclear energy
Very unfortunate name for such a beautiful place
Too cold when the temperature is below -25
Freedom to fuck shit up with far-right movements and needless world wars.
But the Germanic ones like Šarlote or Gabriēla are coming back
It’s the biggest city and half the population of the whole country live here
If you don't want to hear any criticism about your cpuntry, maybe you shouldn't ask such questions, instead of attacking people who try to explain them to you
The primary word stress, with only some exceptions, is on the first syllable, so it's not that hard
Its **ROMANI ITE DOMUM****!!!**.
From where you are
And why did Latvians had to die in Afghanistan for America?
Maybe we should instead blame Greece and Bulgaria for being incapable or unwilling to secure their borders.
I guess it depends on the scale of the said war.
*In early September it came, a war unknown to the world
Same here
Being that bad in 1 category and meh in most others doesn't put Hungary on par with Russia if Russia scores that bad in a multitude of categories and not really above meh in any category for the most part, with a lot of just bad scores
So unless its the Dutch who take over Europe instead of Latvia, no one would be interested in ocean.
Here here
Also our trains are quite loud themselves when accelerating and braking
Never seen this even tho we used to get a lot of snow, educational
If you ask someone how they are doing, they will tell you, and expect you to do it as well.
Romania cannot into Romance, Estonia cannot into Nordic, Latvian cannot into potato, and Polan cannot into space.
Honestly I'll never forget where I was and what was I doing when I first heard the news about it
Trade deals take a long time though, if it is in Biden's term, then it will at best be in year 4
In russia its also birds
Going by plane is another option, but it puts the trip to the whole new price range.
Oh, look - Lithuanians think it's summer
And what came after that
Must've been a pretty cool language tho
But with the current governmental thugs more interested in ensuring endemic corruption becomes the norm, these numbers suddenly mean a lot less:
except for drinking and smoking
Obligatory note on the Slavic languages - they would be difficult, any of them.
[More] [footage]  here's [another angle] from the building right by it
My only Trump supporting friend is Latvian.
We dont really like russians
Great, Another bunch of tripwire forces in Baltics.
- Latvia
And I get them, because the heck
Could you explain why it is wrong for the Mayor of the Latvian capital to be required to communicate with his fellow Latvians in their native language?
Pretty much allowing USSR take away our freedom in 1940 and doing absolutely nothing about it
Closest thing I see on Wikipedia is 22 March 1917 Executive comitee of soldier's deputy council of 12th army of Northern front a.k.a Iskosol was established.
Mid 1930s, the golden age of latvia before WW2, or 1200, to witness the northern crusades and to see if I can understand any of the languages spoken by the Latvian tribes
I didn't look at all the countries though.
and Christmas decorations added even more!
Warm 20-25
Latvians, are the people aware of the potato jokes in general or is this a reddit/Internet thing mostly?
How many Spanish identify themselves as Castilians, Andalusians, Aragonese, Galicians, Leonese?
Even if the ideals of Russia are 75% the same as Latvian nationalists and conservatives, it's still a boogeyman.
Pērkons
We dont do that here
Really
The opposition was put in mental institutions.
Latvian dogs say ''vau'', Lithuanian dogs say ''vauas''.
I understand that very well, but if Estonia's and Latvia's share of foreigners is already dangerously high.
Like I love potato pancakes and mashed potatoes but I just can't stand boiled potatoes, fried potatoes (expect deep fried) and I especially hate potato salad and potato soup
But I don’t think we use poppies to do that
It's because most figures you find online for the Russian military include reserves and storage.
Both sponsored by Russian goverment and firms.
Movies and TV shows aren't good at all.
For news, political commentary or such, Youtube can well be allowed if it features prominent people.
Second Latvians speakers doesn't really know much about Ukraine nor share universal/strong opinions unlike, presumably, Russian speakers.
People from N.Ireland are British, and live in UK
If I had camera facing me I'd look about just as obvious
It's weird lol
You have clearly never been to Europe though, and especially not to the former Soviet states, Americans get a lot of love.
For example  Aizkari is pronounced Aiskari, without the z. And with the word lauzt you need to look at the word after/before the word lauzt
Then the Nazi come establishes foreign as divisions for Latvia and Estonia and then do Nazi shit the area
" :)
TIL we don’t have a binge drinking culture
This comment is absolutely, ridiculously propagandtastic.
How is this promoting ethnic cleansing?
The Russians I know who are really bad at English tend to omit articles way too much
I had a player in a CS go game with a picture of dolphin and name "Dolphin"
Because only a minority will stop to verify it but a lot of people, especially those with conforming worldviews, will spread it around in the meantime.
Who cares, the prophecy fairy tale book predicted that black president will be the last president, so the nuclear winter is about to destroy the planet, so all this will not matter jack shit...
For example, I was taught “wo ist die Bahnhopf bitte
And the movie was in English
Maybe I have missed some memo where it's written up what her suggestions/demands are
Yeah, good idea or maybe not, but, for example, I relly enjoy the € and would not agree now, to get rid of it as I think I benefit from it.
I love this comment
But I agree that something is off with this map, it could be more insightful if it showed the levels in the biggest cities and rural areas separately
Most Russian leaders in general
Once they fail, as it's pretty much impossible to do, Russia can file a motion to dismiss the suit.
Someone introduce him to Cities Skylines
I remember picture of it from different angle.
In the US it's at the discretion of the town you live in to decide the curriculum.
So much shit to fix it is pretty ridiculous to so often go in this festive state
I've never seen anyone consider it "not-healthy", but I've never seen anyone consider it "healthy" either
We happen to be slightly better ranked in almost anything, so it's a nice consolation after comparing to Finland.
Probably not much different as much of rest of the World - important figure in World history, neither good, nor bad, allegedly short and arogant.
it's one griffin and one lion depicted twice
I'm just pointing out that you used "nearly 50% in favor of EU army" as an argument that Slovenians are pro-western while the NATO question has basically the same number and Slusny_Cizinec used that as an argument against.
Are there really people in Britain with first name: Stevie-leigh, Anne-Marie, Bobbi-leigh, Carla-Mae, Demi-rose
Even Armenia doesn't recognize its independence
On /r/europe, you can customize the text at least so you can get several countries there.
In anyway, as I explained in another comment here, the whole story is clearly bullshit, and it took a single reverse image search to figure it out.
I'd also like to add that some might not even have heard that much about Eastern European states.
Latvia is pretty secular - not among the absolutely most secular countries, but close.
Wasn't it recently (a month ago or smth) in the news that the Lithuanian government is going to check up on the officials due to whom Rail Baltic is lagging in Lithuania?
That saif organizations too have leaders that in turn need to keep their supporters loyal and would inevitably have to to turn to yet further organizations
What year is this
Quite popular in New Zealand
How about Russia start to behave like 21st Century country should behave, so we can lift sanctions and resume normal trading?
Carrier operations are pretty difficult.
I love the F on his picture
Have you people actually listened to the kid
Maybe we're super suspicious people, or maybe Kremlin is still trying to recruit our (pretty big) Russian population
and there is fair amount of metals
A "quick" overview of the Baltics
There's something profoundly unhealthy about День Победы currently.
It feels nice hearing all your stories from times you've been in Latvia or just these thoughts
I was expecting that once we get to Norway and Svalbard, they'd start complaining about their Southerners
Munich needs 1 day to see the city
As a smaller language, Latvian lacks some kind of international interconnectivity.
Soviets invaded, Nazis attacked them and Soviets invaded again when Nazis lost the war.
Wasn't it also about the ammuniation being very strictly regulated in Switzerland?
Sorry but both your sources are exactly what I mean.
Obviously, but on 1939 most of the posters were not born yet, so it is a justified repost
Oof
That basically means Latvians overwhelmingly voted against Russian, and some Russian-speakers voted against, too (if you do the math with Russian speaking citizens and non-citizens - who we can assume all speak Russian - then we can come to the conclusion that not all Russian-speaking citizens voted as a bloc "for" national-language status of Russian).
If you do decide on sanding that off, please teach us Latvians of the new way ;D
Yeah, let's not hurt our allies in the US...(the blue states)
We only view with little respect because it's new and considered for kids.
There are plenty of neighborhoods I used to cruise through where not a single person spoke a word of English.
There are even talks in Latvia now that maybe we should restart it back again, because we also had military conscription until 2007 when it was deemed unnecessary due to NATO membership
You should get a flair so I can insult you back.
Latvians rely heavily on potatoes for dairy products, for tilling fields, and for dung as a source of fuel and fertilizer.
''I failed.....its up to you now my friend''
at home no because we don't have any
ugh no, thanks
I don't think anything really new happened, the concerns we allready had intensified, the rest of NATO also woke up, so defense plans got more concrete, we allready knew Russian media can't be trusted, but nobody really had framed the issue as propaganda affecting everyone and so on.
Do pīrāgi count
But when I read some comments on typical Western Media like Youtube, Daily mail regarding eastern europeans, pretty much everybody are calling us leeches, rats, filthy immigrants, a waste of social security money etc.
Vilnius is a beautiful city
No, there was a referendum about making Russian an official language in Latvia,
And the other thing you consider right away is languages, most countries are not English-speaking, and unless you're highly qualified the local language is a prerequisite for getting any kind of job.
Or maybe there needs to be significant tax increase for properties noone lives in.
Would Latvia be ready to give away the control of its military, at least a part of it?
I always check beforehand so I'm not taken by surprise but I find the practice rather scummy.
London is literally the 1 place in the UK that is safer than Latvia, every other part of the UK is objectively much safer than Latvia
I'm sorry you have to survive our roads going home from the South.
Interesting
Period under Swedish Empire were concidered better than most foreign empires that ruled here, but serfdom was never abolished in territories of Latvia
Waste of resources (money for nothing eh) Isn't it enough already that we are a part of both the EU and NATO?
Election results do not necessarily reflect the political beliefs of the people.
Canada, a properly governed nation, having access to Russia's natural resources would boom economically, which would be great for Europe as a whole and the world at large.
Do you want the Irishmen to come pillaging here?
Such a state should have a single army because that's what sovereign states do, in a truly united Europe there's no need for a separate Italian, French or Polish army.
Apparently the word is of Low German origin, which would explain why it appears in Latvian.
It is a deterrent just as WMD against an attack.
Lukashenko has been playing the middle for a long time now.
What memo
Eventually, you just get used to it, and when you go to other countries, you realise how nice it is to not have to bother with exchanging currency
> Looking at your cards before your entire hand has been dealt when playing 25
Plus when I went to school in UK I noticed that the resources for teaching languages are extremely limited because of the tendency to rely on people speaking English
Maps like these always spark interesting discussions
Want to vote and have an impact
I would depict him as passive mildly depressed pesimist who mostly accepts life's annoyances at worst with some quiet unhappy muttering, except when things get really out of hand and all that built up negativity comes out.
Poor: various small countries in such as Barbados, Bermuda or Maldives, or bigger ones like Venezuela.
"Baltic states" may be used for Estonia as well (for some reason).
The Dutch are quite good at that thing - give it a few years, and the Gulf of Bothnia will be no more, and you can claim your Scandinavian status.
I think it's kinda easy saying that from here in Spain...
Russia can sit in North America, still be large and sparsely populated, and would not have any weak small neighbours to threaten.
I am more worried that NATO and EU could break apart, not that we can't leave.
We dont really like russians
As you can see it DOESN'T WORK.
Contact organizers to see what happens thinking they are going to play them by posting fake proofs that they are doing the tasks 3.
Yes, I know quite well what it's like, we're on the same latitude as South of Sweden
But yes, it matter sometimes
"A demand by the Soviet Union that all fifteen Soviet Socialist Republics be recognized as member states in the UN was counter-demanded by the United States that all then 48 states be similarly recognized.
It doesn't muddy anything
The Latvian and British authorities merely confirmed that the incident took place.
I bet she's really randy
The first floor is the street level one or slightly raised
*looks at UK* dammit you bastards
Awesome meal
Haha, tbh, I am kind of honoured you'd put Latvia's name there instead of alternatives . What did we do
Those are communists
''Liberal establishment.'' - Donald Trump and his ''cabinet'' are the establishment now they rule the white house and congress, you can drop the silly act.
Those were gruesome 10 months
It would take decades of hard integration to make people not be resentful of their neighboring countries success' and be willing to pool in for the greater good, as it happens a bit in nation states right now.
I guess the guys in front of the screen obscure a "Page 1 of 22" message
When Brooklyn 99 tried to have a guy speak [Latvian ] they butchered it real bad, the security guy at least could be understood, but it seems like he really tried to sound like a stereotypical Russian, which Latvian sounds nothing alike
> but that's just like your opinion dude
When USSR invaded in 1979 Bin Laden was not yet there, he went to Afganistan only in mid 1980's, a good while into the conflict which Soviets had started 5 years prior to his arrival......you are too dense to look past your own opinion and see the facts
I dont really know, but I've heard that Albania is pretty muslim and muslims don't drink that much alcohol
Yes......if Holy Roman empire taught us anything, its that united Europe only really works if its actually united in most things, and is not every little state for itself.
Also, not needing a special drivers licence to drive a big-ass camper van
Not to mention, many countries have indeed set their budgets to reach 2℅ by next year or close to it, such things don't happen overnight.
And since I love eating chicken, it quickly became my favorite fast food restaurant
Nothing happens, the country is empty, therefore it's free space, therefore people will come back.
Haven't heard that anyone would chop a bunch and go selling, besides, if you want to sell, you probably mustdeclare the origin
A friend of mine from there told me just now that apparently it's only a network distribution issue.
But
This will certainly be interesting to watch for the next 3 months.
Perhaps snälla is the closest to "please" but in Swedish that's a word that implies begging.
Also should have noted: how often do you speak about Latvia and Lithuania?
Cons: not easy to get it out unless drunk and/or in a sauna
Your trip might be a bit crammed with cities.
theres not actually a lot of blondes here
Belarus might be in Russia's sphere of influence, but it is definitely not Russia's puppet.
Ogre
Row over Moscow ‘blocking’ Ukrainian journalists at Euronews
Which set is the most unique and captivating?
In Sweden, homes have to open outwards for fire safety reasons.
To add to this, the relatively recently appointed Latvian PM (Krišjānis Kariņš) and the very recently elected President (Egils Levits) both seem to be honorable and reasonable persons so that gives me hope that the direction of our country is a good one
I dont really know, but I've heard that Albania is pretty muslim and muslims don't drink that much alcohol
But if you call all of its members ''Nazis'', that would not be correct since they didnt join it out of free choice
Yeah, how dare anyone even suggest the thought that Russia might consider invading another country, that's just unthinkable, LOL.
I don't know about you, but that's what I'm using.
>Did not this heights began in Munich with your Chamberlain and their Mussolini and Daladier
Yeah, if you cannot support yourself (or choose not to bother with the paperwork even though you can), you probably won't be able to get residency, which would limit access to much of welfare though you'd still get health care for instance.
Nice 15-20
Mate, I think you should know that your flair is the Latvian flag.
A classic case of "in America, 100 years is old, in Europe, 100 miles is far".
What the actual fuck
Awww yis Latvia represent
I'm happy where I am (moved to Sweden), if I had to move again now then probably Germany and Denmark would be at the top of my list.
You even lose against Latvia :D
By proxy, my boyfriend also learns since I tend to read stuff out loud from here
It's actually ephebophilia
Often when I need to translate two words and use "and" in the middle, I accidentally use the Latvian word "un" for it
That might be true, however I tend to believe we still have more connecting words with Germanic languages than common Latvian loans from Germanic languages.
As it is they just bash soft Boris
The map says prior to the Crimean crisis, when NATO didn't have a lot of their personnel stationed in Poland or anywhere else.
So Estonians, Latvians and Lithuanians are all citizens of Baltic states, but you're not Balts!
You buy them, get on the bus (or something else), touch terminal with it and voila -  your ride is registered
The first time they overturned a law was in 1998, concerning some welfare payments, and then the issue was a budgetary one - the law mentioned certain payments without mentioning what budget or source they came from, so it was basically an incomplete law.
The trailer for it misled me to believe it would be a fun watch.
You said that it's an intricate matter, and I won't deny it, it's not as easy as "lol wind power now".
The things I have seen cyclists do (high speed corner cutting without knowing what is behind the corner; having no concept of what the specific traffic sign means while being completely sure they are in the right; driving in the opposite direction of the traffic etc
(Actually though it was a joke, Latvia and Belaurs; and the people of these 2 nations are very chill with each other)
Pretty common here
Did Latvia send green men that are totally not Latvian soldiers but bought their equipment in Latvian military surplus stores into the country?
Unlike in Denmark or the Netherlands, bikes here are very varied, some people ride classic city bikes, some old and new road bikes or tourism bikes but quite a lot of people choose to ride a mountain bike, maybe due to our horrible roads
Another common misconception if you compare with [Latvian or Lithuanian expats in the UK]
Your region, whichever one it is, has almost certainly been a country at some point
Fucking insane, I haven't seen sand for ages now, it's been an extremelly snowy winter.
3264 is a statistic, but a 11year old girl is a tragedy.
A joint EU army would have a deterrent effect, but it wouldn't be so huge, because as you know Europe and NATO is made of several eu countries which has several different main languages that would be first logical nightmare, deciding the main languages for a join eu army, 2 would be which countries equipment they should use, would it be the same or different in each regiment, if not then logistically it would become a nightmare for bases to have several different equipment, tank parts etc.
**Denmark:**
Estonia is like 50/50 for me I would call it both
A 20-minute hockey period typically lasts 30-40 minutes, I think that is a lot of stoppage.
My native is Russian, but also speaking Latvian because
The cartoon was about the space and one of the character was Giraffe and other was Tuti or something like that.
Not triggered at all
I don't have to adjust, they do.
I guess Estonians would be the weird brothers too haha
Say a party primary debate, or a TV interview with Merkel/Farage/Erdogan/whatever.
My house is from the 1980s, when a few residential streets around my location were built.
And still may be considered old-timey and old-fashionable
That caught me off-guard when I was watching "Taboo".
Besides one-ride tickets, you can also buy tickets for a period of time for different types of transportation
Sidenote: as always the best thing about these posts is reading through comments of Scandinavians insulting each other
literally the european version of orange man bad
**Italian mob would like to know your location**
In comparison we have not just two but three different base words for owl species - apogs, ūpis un pūce (apogs would be a kind of buho in Spanish
It's more than 25% in Latvia and Estonia.
So you make all girls, whose dad happened to have name with g at end, feel like he was a piece of shit
I look forward to the day when our society is as evolved as the Latvian society.
Brexit
1991- now - The Soviet Union collapsing
because Suomi > Finland
I presume most would rather move away, eventually.
Then the Russian media latched on to it, the troll farms saw an easy opportunity for spreading chaos, and the rest is history
Not only Romania, rest of EU would have less problems too.
4 to 2
You can basically imagine the origin, where two people meet, point to the sky and say 'debesis' both interpreting differently on what the person was pointing at.
Could be
well since it was late and everyone was tired, that police guy actually let us go, and just said that he won't let us go next time
Saskaņa (Harmony) - the pro-Russian party, officially position themselves as socialdemocrats, but actual ideology is like Russia, which IMHO rather is right wing populism.
You should read how white models in marketing generate lot of controversy in Africa and Asia.
If you don't display you can get a fine
Soviets came and forced their rule anyway
Seems quiet and drinks herbal tea a lot
It's just social and political inferiority and backwardness.
The lockers weren't owned by the school tho, so if you wanted a locker or finished the school you had to find somebody who wants to sell/buy yours
I know literally nothing about basketball- I was only informed that they were good and it's the most popular sport in Latvia by my Latvian friend soooo ;)
I don't really know how I feel about Poland becoming a regional powerhouse.
As a language enthusiast, the usual foreword: the best language is one that you have a need or interest for.
In the meanwhile, on the way to that, increased cooperation and aspects of federalization.
Do think this might help against speeding drivers
You might be thinking of the fuse in the plug that Euro plugs don't have because of the breaker box
Russian is a Slavic language, is it not
Leningrad (the group not the city)
while Abkhazians were totally against this
This is pretty dank, if I do say so myself
The Livonian order was however, the earliest known organized government in Latvia, especially after it collapsed and gave way to the Duchy of Kurland, which was still unfortunately dominated by a German ruling class
- test etc
There's no reason for the difference to be so big among Baltic countries
Just wanted to add it in because its positive and I care for these people.
From as recent period of WW2 to pre crusades
I agree, but then again standards for soldiers are a bit higher then for middle aged professional whos a bit on the chubby side
Does Russia have a list with their client states as well
Starting a company sounds pretty cool tho
How can you say you love Europe when they just accepted article 13
This is the best paragraph in the Constitution imo
There are some things which protesters are ignoring
This little rally RussiaToday showed is not part of the main event that took place in Riga, and it could be that those Ukrainians just wanted to join for whatever reason.
The word is same in both languages but pronounced differently, when I first saw it my brain kinda stopped for a second
Came here to write exactly this
That's not a territory where Russian or Belorussian are the majority languages.
Just wait till you see our northerners
New Zealand, on the other hand, felt very British
Cram through all the bus to get to the front for a "thank You" to a bus driver, who doesn't even care
I've never considered Italy and Spain to be interchangable
Duh
No, I really wanted a bicycle as a kid, because my cousin had one (but wouldn't let me ride)
Olaine
Because Stalin declared himself a Russian and being from another ethnicity doesn't make the country anything else?
And German Jews were fully assimilated, spoke German and only had mildly different religion that didn't interfere with their public life.
So the problem here is not that there is no law to not give "Islamofascists" free money, but that "attorney general" or whatever this position is called in Denmark didn't come around to prosecute those people.
Salty sea air with a pinch of kelp
So you think that a music artist representing Russia in Eurovision can't fly their flag in Kiev, yet someone from, say...
It was quickly traced back to a Russian propaganda organization (no surprise there) but there are still believers holding out to this very day
We have bus lines directly from port to Latvian border.
I am fairly certain that Americans like many other war untouched couintries cherry picked reffugees.
Habit is a hard thing to change.
And you think that anywhere in Europe communism was welcome greatly?
I live closer to Gotland than I do to Riga, I use a Swedish bank, half of our media are owned by Swedish companies, and I think our internet comes from across the Baltic in Sweden
In mythology, the Moon is actually the Sun's husband
It is amazing how 1 person is destroying more than half a century long relationships between countries
Then what is pulling you to Latvia over say Denmark or the Netherlands?
Wasn't until I was in my late teens I realised how few people in South UK had even bothered to taken that 90 minute boat or 30 minute train to France
It's not nearly as popular as carton milk, but it always has been there.
And Wales is a part of the UK
You dont like it
Now you can see that we're all just people
Mongolia
And it's often controversial to propose major changes to it so issues like these are not addressed
'Come be poor with us' could be their move to Latvia motto
Can confirm that latvians do suck at ice hockey.
Does Finnish alcohol tourism affect Estonia's budget?
[Nothing and Red Hot Chili Peppers]
And i have recently seen these packs in Rimi.
We've fought alongside a number of countries, especially the UK.
So basically your everyday medieval shit
Piece of shit
I'm out
8 - astoņi
Latvia and Lithuania are among the biggest contributors per capita, in one of them conscription is even still active if I'm not mistaken.
But the reason why the areas where liths actually live are green is because of internal competition, and certain niches some areas specialise in.
They spell long vowels as two letters and these are compound words (this is ice edge according to OP and I think the other one is work night or something)
well I guess climate change pushes me in to buying air conditioner, because i cant sleep no more in this heat
I've seen it 10+ times, mostly showing it to other people, seeing their reaction, laughing our asses off together
Used to some 10 years ago, but I don't think we do anymore
There's notable change in other parts of Soviet Union that likely reflects Holocaust, but even in those cases there mostly still was significant population after the war compared to current situation.
You only probably need two melee units at the front and trebuchets in the rear.
So you want to be the Spanish Netherlands again
Boss: how did you spend your holidays?
It's not about being interesting.
Maybe even 300
We have specific language and behavior codes for home, work, friends, authorities, etc
Does Joseph Stalin count
Overall there are a few cases of people learning the language to almost a native level
Because the fact itself stands out and it makes for a story.
Also people speak my language and don't say hello on the street.
But if you don't like it, of course, that's also fine
I've travelled through every place in Latvia, I've never seen a 110
I developed a dislike for dubbing after the poor dubbing on Latvian TV, and now that I only watch stuff online, I always go for subtitled versions.
The last native speaker died a while back but there have been efforts to revive it recently
Oh, certainly, no arguing that
So blaming in it Americans is hypocritical as fuck
Claiming some moral right to receive free money is shitty thing to do.
Edit: 2014
Louis XIV once has said 'L'etat c'est moi' ('I am the state')
Sigulda National Park is an easy day trip from Riga, by either minibus or train.
I ordered it before any emergency measures, Pasts announced closure of all post offices before I managed to pick it up
WHAT THE FUCK
Kārlis Ulmanis here
Both countries tried to gain some land but still supported Latvian independence.
Ask Latvia for potato, oh wait...
depends on what exactly you mean by it
Building 5-6 floor buildings is more manageable and cheaper and friendlier for environment
I think it was on 11/9
by pressing either ' or ` before a, s or l ect
Hoping not that hot bcuz my thermometer kinda on sun says 33°C but probably it's lower
Recently visited with bf from Finland and stayed for a month in several cities
Yeah, but that was direct action from the central government, I'd bet that it's not an action that the federal government of the EU would take
I think that Russians would still likely get fucked right back by NATO and Russians are not so stupid as to not realise this.
The hating on Americans is largely an Internet phenomenon, and both America and Americans in general are now more popular in Europe than under Bush.
How can you say you love Europe when they just accepted article 13
Latvia also ranks in the bottom of EU when it comes to attitude to same sex people.
November is the worst month perhaps, as /u/Abrovinch says snow lights up the surroundings and makes everything feel cozier, but it doesn't snow that much where I live either, so November has no snow, just a lot of rain (not strong but nearly constant) and everything is dark.
So before 2016 no one ever hacked anyone
Several hundred thousand people have left the country and our population decreased from 2.5 million in the early 90s to 1.9 million now.
Major Polish areas in Germany, Ukrainian and Belarusian areas in Poland, unions which would start to crack up again (Yugoslavia, USSR, and probably quite calmly Czechoslovakia).
I'm fine with Americans, and so is everyone I know in real life, pretty much.
Thats mainly what I remember - walking, eating and being in a state of mild but perpetual drunkenness
But the traditional Latvian ones are, definitely, the most fun
Liepāja could be a potential candidate, but it’s too small and far from the rest of the country to match Rīga
No, instead we've just never done a good job at integration, and there's plenty of fault lying with both sides.
for the sake of the credibility of the alliance
My point was that the love Estonians have for Finns is usually a one way street, while you'll get a lot more of that friendly rivalrly and general friendly demeanour from Latvians.
They spell long vowels as two letters and these are compound words (this is ice edge according to OP and I think the other one is work night or something)
They help us in so many areas
In latvian we mostly use “Vecīt” which means old man
Many people hate the ''regulations'' that are in place and feel like they are limiting them.
It feels good to be here
Maybe that's an anomaly, but apparently it can stay profitable even without dubbing or subtitling movies
In the east of Latvia, some people speak Latgalian, which is legally considered a written dialect of Latvian.
I suppose it is ever more shadowy organizations controlling the leaders of the previous organizations
2 cities had the same address, so I was about 150km off my original address
Laugh if you want, but that's the truth.
At least say that it's a repost, OP
Where is this "cold" weather we were promised!?
Not true
Have you considered writing a book on the general subject
No they give you 40€ fine ( not large fine, but still ...)
So, if I want to argue with a person, I just have to give him a knife (or any other sharp object) hand to hand
If I will drive 200 miles from my city (Riga, Latvia) in any direction I would end up in a different country — Poland, Lithuania, Estonia, Belarus, Russia.
Still I love my home
Shit
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia is better at hockey and when Latvians and Lithuanians start to have a drinking contest, that shit can end dangerously :D
I don't know about Baltic states tho
I'm guessing you're now talking about Latvia, because Poland most certainly does not have a problem with "not being perceived as a real country".
* [Krišjānis Valdemārs]
Foreigners might not understand.
I didn’t google my host family’s name, too, and I am sure they didn’t google me as well (although my full name is unkommon and google doesn’t offer much results about me either)
Daugavpils, it's a shame that it's the 2nd biggest city
I don't have the latest news, but as of about a month ago, yes.
I'm collecting them, though, and people who know this sometimes give them to me, I think otherwise it would be mainly Latvian.
Latvia continued to exist legally
People from Denmark, Belgium, Latvia and Luxembourg - countries whose ruling party was not the most voted - Was it a well understood solution for the majority voters of the most voted party?
Even Navalny doesn't want to return Crimea
I think that rather the first thought would be that you are poor, artistic, partying people who drink too much.
Duchy of Courland, specifically - the West one third of current day Latvia
but Russia colonized and subjugated like the most amount of territory...
I would not vote as I know nothing about them and I'm not interested.
Stop ruining my vodka you psychopath fucks
They may not be issued automatically by US banks, but it shouldn't be a problem to get one by requesting it.
You haven't heard of the Eurotunnel ? The fines engineering of Roman empire
I've lived in Latvia (home), Finland, Netherlands and France.
It is a day off, since 4th of May (independence restoration day) is free and so there would not be a weird gap we have 4 days free (1st to 4th)
Ethnic cuisine tends to thrive when an area has some immigrants from a particular background, and then these immigrants serve their ethnic food and usually adapt it a bit to the tastes of the home nation.
Hesburger is good
I'm pretty sure communists and nazis are banned here.
I can't remember the details, but it was wild
My neighbour is Dzidra
Lithuanian is basically a drunk Latvian trying to speak Polish, but fucking up.
And both Latvia and Lithuania are increasing their %, it would be a stupid move to rise it instantly to 2.
- prepare three envelopes
14 - četrpadsmit
Poland (I live here), Germany (several visits), Netherlands (a couple of visits), Denmark (a couple of visits), Belgium (a couple of visits), France (one short visit), UK (a couple of visits), Ireland (once), Norway (several visits), Sweden (several visits), Finland (once), Estonia (once), Latvia (once), Lithuania (once), Czech Republic (several visits), Slovakia (several visits), Slovenia (a couple of visits), Austria (once), Italy (once), Spain (once), Bulgaria (one short visit).
Do you feel like being Luxembourgish is something entirely separate from French and German?
WHAT THE FUCK
Huh, I can't be only one disturbed by colour choice in this graph
Latvians march to commemorate SS veterans
But instead they want to crash out with no deal whatsoever
Its the forest roughly between Aizkraukle, Valle and Sproģi. And the surrounding forests around that one are also quite large and empty, well when it comes to Humans or human build structures, there are plenty of Wolves and Lynx in that area
But if you call all of its members ''Nazis'', that would not be correct since they didnt join it out of free choice
Depends
How many people in Poland who voted for PiS because they stand by their ideals, and not because they were fed up with PO?
Government doesn't create growth, true, but it can stimulate it.
You like to engage in casual conversation with strangers?
Let me first quote the rule 5c on what's not allowed:
Example ka iet
As a förbannad nysvensk, I'd like to register my exception to this, Gothenburg annoys me!
It's not my recent discovery but from times I was a teenager
Sveiki, mani sauc Džons(John), ir prieks jūs satikt
Ei vittu saatanaa
for your own sake, do not overstay a Russian visa.
There's a Russian adage "бьет – значит любит" - "beats therefore loves." It's popular enough to be given as an example on the Russian-language page for [adage]Поговорка&oldid=83194982).
Innovation won’t take place just like that and space is a great way to stimulate it along
For sure I can name overpriced stuff
It would be kinda fine if internet was for free or almost for free.
But I'm not justifying one with another, I'm saying they are not comparable.
Yeah, it's our Latvian fast food chain
Are you willing to send the nukes in and risk destroying the world in a nuclear exchange?
Ok, but only european part of Russia
It's also very hard to switch between languages
Smart ass
Latvians and lithuanians are baltics.
We did this in 3rd and 4th grade until a rumor that someone got AIDS this way scared us off
I remember how he was called the Danish Elon Musk on reddit by his defenders before the conviction
As a Latvian studying Lithuanian language I can say that the languages are really different and further than Dutch is to German
Most people who follow the news at all have at least heard of Clinton and Trump as the main candidates.
Stop telling me lalies
To be fair, it should probably be called the Farmer party, not the Peasant party.
When they're not actively to bring back ninja style no one disrespects them or treats them worse.
it's not really a choice here......more like a requirement
What is a scam in your country everyone needs to be warned about
Education is one of the very few areas where people still routinely write by hand (and I consider that a waste of time)
sometimes its hard to tell.....in Russia word ''fascist'' is used to label everything that you don't like....
No, enough of that, we have lost too many times with this hippy crap.
That story is pretty much identical to the legend of the Latvian flag.
However I have indeed lost a tire in a pothole in the glorious town of Lomza.
Doesn't mean it's right to look down upon them and imply that Latvia is any lesser because of them
Something like these
Girls
He was a tech geek and a programmer, iirc.
Or, probably, people agreeing to make random translations online
- Jautris (The Fun-One)
Me : Latvia
I mean, at the time it stretched basically the known world, sans asia and east asia which is still like 1/3 of the known world.
Also some Germans claim that their EC cards are better than Visa/Mastercard, but I haven't actually heard any decent suggestions as to why.
The ancestors of Latvians and Lithuanians were cut off during Northern Crusades, and generally for the next 600 years were part of different countries
NA is Latvian nationalist populism, Harmony is ethnic Russian populism.
I always vote with the hope of changing that and bringing younger blood into the mix
The more I learn about history, the more I think that most events were inevitable result of multiple different causes.
One year I squatted in a locker, because there were many that were unused
The march in the centre of Riga, is a commemoratory march.
Comrade, why build bridge when there is perfect bridge in place?
I guess that would be *Jānis* (John) *Bērziņš* (Birch-diminutive) or *Kalniņš* (Hill-diminutive)
It came up in the media here when it was reported the ones sent to Latvia had left.
A textbook example of what multiculturalism and racial intermixing will do to a country.
Second with both juries and public vote.
Really unpopular in my country but I love them
You never, NEVER pour the sauce on top of the fries.
I do consider any building post WWI to be "new", and my idea of "close" is 30-40 km at most.
Furthermore Soviet industries were not well suited to competition in free market, so being highly industralized might have hurt them, rather than helped
We have to start pushing for Latvia into Nordic
Eķengrāve
However, I've checked out his Facebook page and see that on his posts he uses Latvian first, followed by Russian.
[Here on YouTube you can see a short video] highlighting some absurd claims in regards of a particular propaganda broadcast related to Latvia some years ago
I think he refers to safety requirements on the roads regarding using lights in the daytime
People call Finland Nordic or Scandinavian when the language and history is completely different from vikings
Many wars were fought between the Baltic tribes and the German crusaders, and I think it could be very interesting
Lithuanian and Latvian bands singing Lithuanian song.
Spiridon is definitely Greek
Think of it as of "national personality" and it's part of every member
> Well, sometimes bikers seem to feel like THEY are the ones sitting in a 2 ton truck, industructible by human means
One more thing that Finland is not a very large country/market (in terms of population it's still smaller than the other Scandinavian countries); I guess the supply of Estonian jobseekers (also Russians from around St.Petersburg and maybe some Latvians from the north) already was enough for the needs of your labour market.
Only we are allowed to joke about them
In Latvia the older generations are more sympathetic towards Russia - the younger you get, the more Europeanised the people are.
Latvian president visited a bread factory.
*looks at Russia*, nevermind
Same for Latvian
So here's a village that's inhabited by people who look like us and speak the same language
Kolka (Name derives from Livonian "Kūolka" which means "corner")
Galva, pleci, ceļi, pēdas, ceļi, pēdas
I am not in Stockholm myself, but the current places there are nuts as far as I know.
Is it one of the candidates stepping down?
If you are born in Riga in 1985 what does your passport say about your place of birth?
And if not, shooting him would have certainly been illegal.
EDIT: I live in Latvia, not UK, now
- Spēkonis (The Strong-One)
There are quite a few German loan words in literary language as well
Not a bad thing on separate occurrences, but in the end that gets disruptive if there are too many of the exemptions.
In Latvia i have only seen one while driving thru the country which wasn’t even a real billboard it was a big ass rag with the text “Love jesus” or something like that
* Working remotely doesn't cancel taxes and labour laws
It was a tragedy, that happened on 21
There was a news story about this and at the and no one really knew why this number is so high and where it comes from
Eslalit
It's already a swamp, how much more water can it get
I believe it hasn't been nor approved or decilined yet, but I might not be happening still.
Could be familiar to some Catalonians as well
North Macedonia,
It wasn't dysfunctional because it was Slavic union (Czech and Slovak) against Germans and Hungarians.
>Latvia is such a pain though and it really slows you down
I’d like to thank the Lithuanians, for fighting the oppressive crusaders around 700 years ago, and later making them their vassals
Yeah, it was kind of in vougue to be religious after USSR collapsed, but in reality it's a heritage thing at best, there's even a suspicion that our Lutheran church is having to fake statisticts to keep it looking like they're still the largest denomination and I doubt they are attracting many people with their conservatism.
Vāvere
When I was dating a guy who is also Russian, quite soon I inderstood that I cannot remember basic words in Russian and it is a bit hard to communicate in my native language
Prostitution is legal
Only way is to put in a fast SD Card and format the SD card as internal storage.
The Americans have it pat down, but they've been emphasising naval aviation for pretty much as long as carriers exist.
It was pretty similar in price to beef, if I recall correctly
Looks correct to me
Going on streets and protesting is always an option
That's tens of thousands of people.
I bet you can buy at least a day's worth in Finland, too; more if you're frugal
I'm very nervous when it come to public speaking and I tend to stumble over my words when I'm nervous as well
Polska house, while i moved to Ms
The local terms for tipping are "drinks money" and "tea money".
I can't, he's just special in that way, he's done many other stupid things
- every Latvian ever to every Suomalainen alkoturisti ever
Race term existed but was only used in scientific/biological sense
Then there’s the language issue for even the non-Russian population, is Latgalian a separate language, or is it a dialect of Latvian
Latvians are still Latvians even if they're living in London, Dublin, or Stockholm
We have literally just one KFC in Latvia
Real reason why most people still use gas stoves is because gas is way cheaper than electricity
That's just an example for the fact that opening new, non-restricted markets benefit already the most developed economies the most as they're more efficient when it's fair play for all.
To make you feel better, we in Latvia have a jokes about lunatics calling themselves this weird name - Napoleon.
How come that without resources and much land they manage to be so much richer than Russia or like Ukraine?
But a lot of these names are still in common usage today
What if one is against all religion?
Don't want to be mistaken for a yank
Well it's actually our capital Riga, which is run-down as well, particularly thanks to the 10 year reign of the party Saskaņa. The cities in regions are usually better-maintained and more aesthetically pleasing than our own capital
So Macron is kinda shooting in his own foot with generalizations like that.
Eastern European seems like a swear word recently.
Whether okroshka is made on kvass base or kefir base
It's the same in the States actually, you're not allowed to "use lethal force", you're allowed to "use proportional force, up to and including lethal force".
For example,
Eh, Hindenburg hardly had a choice from what I understand
Yes, hence no official NATO membership.
Daugavpils, it's a shame that it's the 2nd biggest city
Canada is an immigrant country.
Soviets deported like 5% of the native population, another 5-10% died in the war.
We have potatoes
Also consider that many families own a summer house (dacha) or a plot of land for a garden so that should roughly balance out those people who rent...
Also, I don't think games get translated in Latvian anyway
You Estonians outperform pretty much everyone in Eastern Europe.
"We're improving our ecology and going green" is the 90ties way to say "our command economy collapsed and most of our industry with it."
Hitler: A bit bothersome
Žmoğis te stāstīs par zirgu galvām... :D
And didn't mix with the locals due to that.
Potato is halucinate from malnurish.
All other countries are separated into regions.
So it seems that those without citizenship are either too lazy to get one or they made a conscious choice to not get it because of visa benefits.
A subsaharan black guy really does not give me any clue on how that piece of clothing would look like someone who even remotely resembles me.
Latvian has the stress always on the first syllable while Lithuanian has a mobile stress system where it changes from word to word
Yay
This "protest" is just a reason for kids to skip school
Not naming any agencies, but in Latvia we were taking part in a project that dealt with data from citizen registries.
disagree if you want, I wont call you stupid because you disagree with my view.....unlike you, I am not 6 year old
Hi, my name is John, it's a pleasure to meet you
Riga
There is also no special lexical relation between Estonian and Hungarian, so I don't see the reason why Hungarian is linked with Estonian, but not with Finnish.
Tartu university is considered the best university in the Baltics.
Nah I love the Autobahn
That con is why I love Germany
Tbh I'm not sure if we have such a thing, at least I haven't heard of it
Yes, they have, they're now [Nordic Benelux]
Telling you the truth I know more things about China and the Us than about Latvia and Estonia, btw I learned English while watching cartoon network...
Even if Trump were to literally do Hitler-like things like putting Mexicans into concentration camps, there's nothing any other country could do militarily.
The word "ieairē" which would translate as "[you] row it in" was the first that came to mind
It's a well-known problem locally, some hospitals have to decrease the capacity due to a shortage of nurses.
Germany, Finland, Denmark
Estonian police has come up with new way to punish drivers going a speed limit
Whenever i went to žalgiris basketball games i’d be amazed at how everyone would sing the anthem at the start
It was insane, my whole house shook to the core and ears were ringing
I follow the election quite closely, and what scares me is the fact that these are the two candidates it has come down to.
/Mrs
our eID systems will take inspiration from the good and bad done by the Estonians.
Riga
Jamaica
We can import/export electricity from/to Finland, Russia and Latvia.
Haha, that'd mean they know the difference between the 2 countries
2 million Latvians can't agree how to divide the budget - and we generally share a language, cultural norms.
I’m fluent in French, so If I go to France I just speak french
18 - astoņpadsmit
Though entirely personal experience (and I have interacted with Latvians a lot), I've found Latvian youths to be more conservative about this issue.
It is important to state that, but still we are discussing Portuguese statement here so that's why I focus on that...
Latvia has no potato, Latvia never have potato...
Black bread is still strong in our cultures, of course now with better ingredients.
Erwartete nicht diese Lieder hier zu sehen, doch es war eine angenehme Überraschung
Finlandssvenska definitely seems easy to understand from the few times I've spoken Swedish with Finns.
And a very tasty one
D:^justfeelslikeamomenttobringitup
I mean, if I was him, I would be drunk 24/7
Territory is the same as Ireland, but more than twice as less in population
Is there still dofference in prices?
Yeah, geothermal is a godsend as far as becoming non-reliant on fossil fuels goes
Official position was "Unbreakable Chinese brothers are bravely fighting against exploitators and all types of degradation of humanity for our common enlighten future in Communism".
By banning one cripple at a time..."
All others have members with business ties in Russia.
Do you really think you know what's better than the rest of us?
Except of course it doesn't have the natural resources of Russia and has understandably been doing very poorly economically.
I would explain it as that we don't hsve rich dadz or mona to look after us and I didn't know any one in Amsterdam besides other workers so I worked as much as I could.
And it does sound more westernic not with slavic -ia ending
The people you were naming were part of the group that stayed in the Soviet Union after the war ended.
We treated so many of your soldiers, organized summer camps for children from war zone, expressed support and you don't even mention us.
Belarus - Baltkrievija
I've been on this Earth for far less time than you, but I'm sure that you will make the right choice
They don't really want to do that, the worst they will actually do is try to get
Belarus is closer to being Putins bitch than anyone else.
Half of the Latvians believe it should be pronounced as Novembrees (with straight thick O), while the other half (including me :) believes it should be pronounced Nuovembrees . Basically, there's no rule for how to pronounce this word and both pronunciations are correct
That is far cheaper, and legally far easier.
So, a random guy come up to me and strocked my head bc he had never seen a white kid with blond hair in his life
Everything between that will be filled by the Kardashians.
Something like a typical US single-family home feels fairly rich to me.
Liberal democracy
How hard can it be to map the x axis based on just minutes?
Now when Russians has breached their guarantees, the other guarantors can do nothing against Russia.
As a kid I found deposit of Latvian interwar coins buried near the tree and polish-lithaunian coin from 1666 while digging in vegetable harden
"Brooklyn Nine-Nine" used Latvian
Latvia has more Russians number wise and proportionally than Estonia, yet they have less HIV.
Thanks - good job on the Netherlands!
This is one way to accent that.
November, December and January are bad.
Like, why would putting my bag on the ground mean I will have no money
Well there goes one of the seven plagues.
We played this under the names kazaki-razboiņiki (cossaks and criminals) or indians and cowboys
My only downside is services got more expensive immediately after moving from LVL to EUR despite the government promising it won't be happening
And that's not even the final form, check out our bros [Lithuania]
Its countrys business
The Baltic states have chosen to join those international institutions for very good reasons, and people here have virtually no desire to leave them - because doing so would be insane.
Especially
I believes its more commonly referred to as "American Exceptionalism" elsewhere.
Course we are, it just seems you crush on Finland a bit too much
* [German guy learned Latvian and a bit of Russian while living in Riga] (you can still tell he's german though)
My main issue is with the Ghettos, there is a HUGE social cost to this self-imposed division and I suppose it's very USA of me to say this but if those people don't want to be part of the society, then they should just leave like the refugees that thought they were too good for Estonia & Latvia and wanted to move to Germany instead.
The sound of the 3 is far from similar.
The constant ridiculous lies and twitter outbursts for one.
Hungary - Ungārija
secondly- pass all the requirements for that countries citizenship request and have been educated and then passed exams with near-excellence in certain subjects about host-countries society, language and some other extras if needed.
* Jukums Vācietis was the [first ever commander of the Red Army]
And then there's also a German special fitness leaflet that has a composition that is different from all former three.
Basketball
Latvians resented Baltic Germans who were a privileged social class in Latvia though.
Also because of Vikings and more recently Swedish Empire there's a lot of words in modern Latvian that are borrowed from Swedish
What is rain
Yes forests are total fault for this map
I bet there are those who'd like to go, if provided with the means.
No need for expensive projects and elevators
I'll fite u with my hockey boomstick, I swear on me mamma!
Kārlis Ulmanis (leader of the provisional government , prime minister and dictator of Latvia and last leader pre ww2)
Same goes for Balkans people when it comes to Baltics, many don't know the difference between Latvia and Lithuania.
The second case is an entirely different story
Well Latvia is barely mentioned in media but when it is its just Soviet Russia but they can make stuff up or just funny foreigner
After we matched, we followed each other on social media anyways
You know they never teach you that the Latvians won the war for the Red Army in world history.
In 2015 they had a special event commemorating 100 years for riflemen.
Huh, they are really slow at fixing that vandalism on Wikipedia considering it's been there from last year - missed opportunity to point out vague simmilarity right there, Eesti
Of course, then she starts a big rant that she's not walking across town to the hotel with her stupidly big bag, her boyfriend either needs to find someone to carry it or arrange a taxi or something
How come the streets are cleaner?
It is quite common here in Latvia
latvijas valsts meži has an app
They're fully aware of the brutality of the Kremlin and yet they proceed
Latgalians are the most different, have the strongest regional identity, a notably different language/dialect, but I think relatively few identify with the region over the national identity.
There is no reasonable way to split all European countries into simple North South East West groups
Fun fact, Christmas in Latvian is "Ziemassvētki" which directly translates as "Winter celebration", a remainder of our pagan past
Never been to one of those shops
I do take [these trips] with trains in Estonia though.
And if your intentions are to also work and contribute to society, not just sit on welfare, just about everyone would welcome you.
same here pretty much
Considering that we know how many Russian speaking people are living there, these blue strokes over Estonian pallet are barely visible.
So, we all get on and stick together and have fun with it I suppose
It's very nice to see someone posting about moving to Europe after clearly having put significant thought into it, and not just posting without any research at all.
We see darkness BUT THERE IS LIGHT AT THE ON OF THE TUNNEL.
Not that it's entirely unfounded, but sometimes it reaches ridicilous levels
) also matters a great deal
Estonia has the highest "mountain"(more like a hill than a mountain) in the Baltic states
Fine if it’s once a year, but is it ever
But the vote has negligible implications on non-EU immigration?
Not sure about Lithuanian, but in some languages it is regarded as soft t.
Our role is literally to be mixed up with Lithuania
shoulders - take turns punching each other in the shoulder until one gives up
Like removing mods or something
Of course he's watching a skiing competition
Yay
Inventions in science and medicine could make this faster, but it would have to be massive, because we already do have inventions, they just don't really push the whole country forward, but make individuals and companies richer.
Beautiful city, and want some sort of vacation this year
Anywhere I've been, apart from Romani/gypsy (whatever the politically correct term is) neighborhoods, was fine
Their cultural values are what I see Northern Europeans need to go towards, only with less naive idealism.
That is what Russia has right now.
I'm disappointed brialukai
4 - četri
There was a lot of complaining, at least in Latvia.
Latvian is full of Germanisms, at least colloquially
Even that EU data oriented website lists UK Conservatives as centre-right and UK Labour as centre-left
But we could literally go out now and buy a relatively good takeaway food for competitive price in 7 to 10 minutes
i just realised the latvian word "miers" (peace) probably comes from that
"Of the contrary, No"
I've heard that Canada has terrible internet though, would be amazing otherwise.
fascinating archaeological glimpse into the Latvia's 'Swedish times', when Riga was the largest city in the Swedish empire
“This is a sheer violation of international law and an unfriendly step on Norway’s part not only towards Latvia but the EU in general.
Spain, Romania, Bulgaria, Sweden, UK, Netherlands.
I guess the guys in front of the screen obscure a "Page 1 of 22" message
If He stayed abroad, they probably would have kept sending assassins after him, now that he’s in Russian custody though, if he dies, that’s like Putin admitting he murders opposition leaders
Of course a self-respecting Italian would have a pastaport
the current one, almost everything before that fucking sucked lol
Yeah, it's our Latvian fast food chain
Vittu
In the end when I will complete this series, then yes there are going to be one big post
It's still a meme here
First time I heard of a spelling bee was probably on Simpsons or some other kids’ show
We rode out the summer as the poster boy of Europe, everyone forgot everything, and now it's back with a vengeance
The first floor is the street level one or slightly raised
I always look at statistics for the three of us.
Oh god, same
Of course, some kids can be assholes and this "sense of duty" based system won't work for everyone
If you make some kinda of a compromise agreement with Russia they won't see it as you trying to have good relationships with them, they will see it as a your weakness and thus invitation to push for more.
For females:
[Street view] of one appartment house, there are some private houses with gardens and see-trough fences in the next street
I’d have put Sweden (and Germany) down for this question
I've seen this said before and it's pretty illogical, if you think about it:
Why recognise the suffering of people in Ukraine in the 1932-33 Soviet famine but not the suffering of people from Russia, Belorussia, Kazakhstan, Armenia, Azejbardzhan, Georgia?
Yet when it comes to election, they overwhelmingly vote for centre-right and right wing parties with totally opposite views, for various reasons.
Once this member has to replace the first language with another it does affect the way person behaves in its own brain at list
Nepieciešams = not-incuring / not-suffering (needed)
It doesn't show that yet, apparently we need to wait on the Council to vote
And they might give that control to someone worse than Putin
But on govermental and higher-education level sometimes I feel like Russian is non-existent
He must have some Latvian lawyer who is a fan ;)
Can you quote the sencence where they are reporting it incorrectly?
They also provide TV
Latvia would be shy guy
I went to Copenhagen for a project and I felt like I belonged there with my host family more than I do at home
I would have a hard time believing the story of a major CEO feeling shame.
I don't think the book featured a map of the Russian empire even once.
Greetings from Latvia
Rather use EU funds to rebuild an Italian landmark than have the PM of Latvia construct another private guesthouse from it or Victor Orban another contract for his son.
I'm not really passionate about either region, I'm just repeating what linguists have told me
Is it to do with high-ground, as in a water reservoir would get emptied if both water way would get connected directly
A random citizen will get their request denied
The campers are surprisingly easy to drive though
> Do clean the scissors thoroughly before and after use
Learn Latvian and Latgallian to ascend into Laimas grasp.
We go deeper into both of the world wars though.
11 minutes of comfy driving is hell of a lot better than freezing my nuts off waiting 30 minutes for a bus thats packed and smells like old people
(Medium gap in corruption level)
[Serious] What is the worst tragedy to happen in your country because of human error or just because someone ignored simple safety rules
In Riga we have RFID chip card of three kinds - single use yellow that is preloaded with a number of tickets and blue with or without id that you can load tickets on
Quite popular in New Zealand
Belarus now is a country where most of the Soviet social system hasn't really changed, and unlike every other country (Russia included) they haven't even symbolically tried to move away from the Soviet legacy.
Well there were at least two sources for the news to go by: the firemen stated that they didn't know how much if anything they could save, and I seem to recall that the curch representatives came out with some pretty grim predictions
2008 war
Psychologically, I think it made the first months after the transition more difficult, it seemed that prices had increased.
They seem to always stress the first syllable in every word and don't burden themselves much.
They may like to think its because they are more "enlightened", but that is really not the case.
[Where] [do] [I] [start]
I think the mild discomfort is a small price to pay for the long, warm evenings in summer and light mornings in winter
Covid, unsurprisingly
Back in 2002 one of the largest parties didn't get elected to parliament and slowly died afterwards, I checked and they acctually weren't polling well before the election, but as I remember they were really disapointed
[Comparison with previous years]
Formaly in pre-school class and by the time I allready had decided I like it and it just came naturally to me
Aren't we all immigrants since we came from northern India?
Which ones
The 2nd biggest city in Latvia has more russians than latvians, it's quite sad really
It's conveniet, everything in one place
Once I graduated college, I haven't written a single full sentence on paper, all I ever did was fill and sign forms
Estonia (and Germany doesn’t make the top 10)
How dare I expect sense of duty, courage and integrity from soldiers
We call it "bean language" (bean = pupa in Latvian
China only punishes wealthy people who steps out of line or embarrasses Chinese rule
Not anymore
What western sphere of influence?
So no, UK is not like them, not even anything near it
Potatoes
I tend to think of Estonian as a language where I'd be lucky to recognize even 10 words, but a fair amount of these are understandable.
I prefer LSSR flag
Wasn't there a referendum -Crimeea
Is..is that a Quake 2/3 box on the dash there?!
its times like these when I wonder
Just means feel
Eastern Europe is just as safe for a black person as Western Europe, the only difference is that people might stare a bit in Eastern Europe because seeing black people there is unusual.
I speak six languages, and can only credit school with some contribution to one of them.
Giving an option to learn Latvian or Estonian as a second foreign language instead of German, Russian, French or Spanish isn't a realistic option either, because it's not practical.
No dirty capitalist stores in glorious Pyongyang aka City of Gods!
Then when it reached 24°C the forecast said it would be 25°C. And it repeated that all the way until 30°C.
They don't have any understanding of climate change, and very certainly a lot less than your average governing body
For strangers to greet each other like that is outside of social norms.
We also had a record Covid case number and record positive test rate today
If memory serves correctly, Croatia, Cyprus and Latvia don't have agencies either.
Probably not, not because of Brexit though.
Do you also find it ridiculous?
Never had any issues with English in Estonia ever and we're supposed to be on the same proficiency level
Speed bump of the Europe
What about Estonia, Latvia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovakia, Slovenia
And even if they do, he will become hopefully something of a martyr
It's because Germanic languages in this map are green, but Latvian is a Baltic language along with Lithuanian, so it is in different color.
And Šarlote
There is one latvian guy who is almost in every comment section science related, talking about flat earth
Ostracizing people does not work.
Like, University of Latvia (one of main universities) e-studies page has Latvian, English and Spanish (wtf
Nobody, as soon as you get different cultures having to share things there is huge potential for disagreements and us vs them politics, better to have friendly countries and form alliances with them over things everyone can agree with
I'm not so sure about last part of this chain.
It's not much talked about, so I'm not sure what the general perception is.
Love you guys also stop pissing on our monutments
It is also a non-existent law
As I've been finding out, first aid training when getting a driver's license
Finns, Estonians, Latvians, Lithuanians, Poles, Romanians, Ukrainians, Belarusians all hated Tsarist Russia.
Not especially - we do have four traditional regions, which are Zemgale, Kurzeme, Vidzeme and Latgale.
Pretty much every place in Europe that accepts cards accepts the former two, but American Express is accepted far less frequently in Europe, and anything else (like Diners Club) is pretty much useless.
The fact that he is able to dupe an entire country fascinates me.
History of modern territory of Latvia for those centuries come from Archaeological data and some scant mentions in Nordic/German Chronicles.
* First Sunday in December (in mourning) — In memory of victims of communist genocide
Cool places to say you've been to, but easily as travel destinations you'll have a more enjoyable time in almost any other European country
In cities, average class size would be around 20-23, but we still have a lot of small rural schools (a vestige from soviet times), they bring the number down, since they barely can get a single class filled with 8-12 children
It's all right, wouldn't say it's anything great, in Ventspils
It does make everything seem more depressing.
Or 2 meals at Mac Donald's.
Kārlis Ulmanis here
Existing situation when Russia is ruled by FSB is one of the worst possible
How much independent is Latvia in terms of production of military vehicles, tanks, drones, arms, planes etc.
That's the first time ever since that has happened in this place
> it wasn't any kind of Stalinist oppression
Yes, it's popular to move to capital.
The scale of emigration also might have something to do with the laws; when we weren't a part of the EU, many things probably depended on bilateral agreements, and it wouldn't be surprising if Finland had crafted an exceptionally beneficial one for the Estonians at that time.
I'm saying that independence is a meaningless word on its own
Albania, Czechia, Hungary, Iceland, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxemburg, Slovakia, and Slovenia all combined , active and reserve, do not even match the personnel numbers of Portugal alone.
John's (Jāņi), the summer solstice, is definitely the most culturally important holiday, and it's celebrated with bonfires and other pagan-era traditions.
I personally love the city, it's been hugely important in recent history, and it's unique in how you can still plainly see the differences between East and West Berlin.
It is really depressing when you see how neighboring Norwegians ,where they didn't had "the Ivan",live and what is your life...
The outcome of every day of primaries is also in the news - not the main headline story, but it's pretty high up.
Maybe except for some bleeding hearts in western Europe.
I don't understand why you're surprised about Kazakhstan, though, that's where Ural river flows out of Ural mountains and into Caspian sea.
Three small countries in a near geographic area, usually grouped together in various statistics, trips and organisations.
This is like 2016 all over again, good job lads
Nobody loves potatoes more than little Latvia.
I mean the facts are well known, and they were known since the first weeks of occupation.
Then we simply disagree on where the acceptable balance lies between freedom and safety.
Otherwise this is all useless and we have no chance of countering the security concerns.
And the East speaks Latgallian - which is disputed to be a separate language or a dialect of ours.
while Lithuania is -0,56 and gets different color than Latvia.
The year Sweden elects anyone near Right-Wing is the year I will stop playing videogames
We had ketchup, but after like 1986
Russia will not use nukes against NATO military if they are trying to defend or retake Baltics.
they are almost members of EU formally since they abide by most of its laws (especially Switzerland, whos economy is very much tied with EU as this point), UK said it didn't want to abide any of them
Usually served with vodka diluted with the briny pickle juice straight from the can
An entire generation lost like that is a fucking mess
As a freelancer developer I can live and work from anywhere, and during the wintertime I often get existential doubts that I could be working from a beach right now instead of shoveling snow off my driveway :D
Sweden, with personal and family experience.
7 - septiņi
And those are expensive
Jums arī!
I had to fill a questionnare before my exchange where I had to state everything about me like hobbies, school and medical stuff, so my host family would know something about me and the host family had to do the same, people from the organization went to their home to check whether they actually can host exchange students, so I was sure that everything will be alright
I've never seen the show, all I've seen of it is just this [scene] in which they speak Latvian
My native is Russian, but also speaking Latvian because
And still may be considered old-timey and old-fashionable
"Oh, it's nothing special," our then finance minister in 2008 about the deepening Great Recession
The difference is that your inability to sell shit to Russia or extra immigrants are not existential threat to Italy.
It's really depressing in the winter when you go to work, it's still dark, go home, it's dark already and you've spent the whole daytime working for the man
The first question you should ask him is what class he belongs to, what is his origin, education, profession
Russian TV Zvezda (former Soviet army TV channel) is so notorious for its false narrative, that it may be regarded as specializing in pure fiction
Just get to 2% and have a small but well equipped army.
We have requirement for a quorum, so half of MPs have to be there for session to take place
Bruh moment
judge Russia on every small issue.
Not as cool as it's backstory though
This always gets me when talking about mechanical stuff
The "culture" programme in my high school (gymnasium) had a Formal Etiquette subject, but I haven't heard that any other school in Latvia would have that
Obviously, but on 1939 most of the posters were not born yet, so it is a justified repost
But that being said, it seems that there are several important ways in which the response should be (or should have been) changed.
Like that's a bad thing
What, as far as I understand, the main problem is, lack of interest to integrate.
But Latvian will often be -s, Lithuanian will be -as, so if there's a lot of -as (and -us), it's probably Lithuanian.
wages) if that isn't accompanied by radical tax changes or massive wage growth.
I kinda can do it, but for the little distance/time, because I have a fear of a depth
Good luck trying to get so close fire at its flank.
Border trade will grow much higher soon.
Incidence of polydactyly is 1 per 1000 and these days it mostly gets surgicaly treated, so usually no.
* Working remotely doesn't cancel taxes and labour laws
So there is absolutely nothing short of the nuclear strike to hold Russia back from annexing Batlics for example.
- Jautrīte (The Fun-One)
This does work and always did work.
I'm sorry, I don't get this statistic.
I've been on this Earth for far less time than you, but I'm sure that you will make the right choice
It's pretty much de facto 2nd official language in Latvia.
Green energy is more expensive, so production plants, which are using much electricity or heat will loose competitiveness to other countries, which is no so green
There is a map name "Lake" with a house similar to this
Of course we get the same, in border areas you can get foreign signals.
This isn't really true in the case of Russia proper - [there wasn't]#Historical_demographics) really a large decrease between before and after WWII, but rather later on, so likely mostly due to migration.
You're free to come here and celebrate it if you want.
I'd say it's unfair to classify NA as a populist party, while not classifying Harmony as one.
I didn't think I said anything about Latvia being intolerant of their Russian speaking populace.
Elon Musk is an African American
Isnt it used for months
I do like regular fish but eating stuff like shellfish, octopus/squid etc
Recent NATO decisions to deploy troops to the Baltics have been met very positively.
If that would be the case sentencing would all be about offender (how likely is recidive) not his crime.
Only thing that kept them away was American pressure
Maybe they could call it Greenland
Germany and France would be top positions
Here the only thing similar here is that both statements reference killers.
* Jēkabs Peterss actually [founded the VChK aka
I can withdraw much more as a Eurozone citizen
As long as you won't take UK and USA mantle of who can trumph who(no pun intended ), and do something stupid, like a Le Pen, we will be fine, hopefully
If Putin wants back part of Latvia for example, with a supposedly no NATO isolationist Trump USA, will there be anyone in capacity to tell them no?
He drove there , he was like 30 min after I ordered
It's not gay if the balls don't touch
Everyone knows it
Male words end with -s, female words normally do not.
The whole campaign was based on misinformation.
At least in Latvia and Krasnodar.
I don't know if I could even look a Latvian in the eyes who did to my country what the people of Crimea and the Donbas have done, though I'd guess for us it'd be even more personal than the Ukrainians, though.
My understanding is that author Ņina Masiļūne is regarded as decent for beginners and has books translated to English as well.
What do you know about cultures of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia?
No other vehicles, and I would prefer to keep it that way, at least as far as cars and similar are concerned.
[Clearly a case of brain vs muscle]
Alot of them sound freaky to me.
I know, but I can always dream.
I disagree
The latest numbers I saw was that 25-30% of Finnish booze tourists are now going down to the Valka/Valga border town to buy alcohol even cheaper on the Latvian side.
Their leadership does not want it, their population does not want it, the values aren't the same, so the issue is totally moot.
Notice what three languages are on them?
I don't know how to explain it in english  but my city's mayor did some stuff he wasn't supposed to do so like half the politicians are against him
Its constituent republics declared independence, despite unresolved tensions between ethnic minorities in the new countries, fueling the wars
Bulgarian officials say a former Russian spy advised pro-Moscow party on how to manipulate voters as part of Kremlin’s effort to regain influence in Eastern Europe
draws
Happy Independence Day, brothers
there are some 70 year old people who were born here but cant even a say one sentence properly
While I'm absolutely against any "racial" identification in any official documents, I support ethnicity being asked in a census under two conditions.
It's called balsam here
Less availability of a varied amount of things to grow in the cold weather
I think the big corporations must end with letter box registration and pay tax where they earn money.
Smh
Without NATO and its "requirements" many European states would spend even less on their militaries or even out-rightly disband them.
anyway, moving on
I do vaguely remember a closure for a few days due to the cold though, there's some temperature limit that means school is cancelled.
Time will tell
And I though my view on Riga looks depressing, well darn
- Miervaldis (The Peace-Ruler)
Dubbing tv shows or movies in Lithuanian would serve no purpose...
Mind you, the biggest one is 477m^2 .
You can ask Latvians and Lithuanians for some sympathy.
Like I've seen even supposedly rational people back that shit
Also went to a self service car wash the other day and left with a thick layer of ice on my car because everything freezes almost instantly in this weather
Greece could always refuse further loans, default and start from there.
A small mistake - it's the [T-80s that they're going to be refurbishing]
It's not like they were transplanted there in 1990.
you mean for the wars Serbs started and refused to end and then had the audacity to attack and kill UN peacekeepers
Our school did have lockers before renovation started and 1st graders still do, but otherwise we have a cloakroom and carry our books with us
I think legally you can give your child up to three names
We have nolikt karoti which means to put down the spoon
judging by how offended people get these days a potential war would never ever never ever never ever
I can make asumuptions like that as well
Well the Iraq invasion was sketchy at best
I don't see what you mean by compromise - there are votes where only two outcomes are possible.
If you only look into discussions about Iraq, Libya, Vietnam, you might get that view that US military = bad.
* There are jobs that require knowing local language, culture and other things, but not necessarily sitting at a desk in an office
Average eastern european fits that better than average western european...
Aren't Hungarians/Slovaks/Czechs/Lithuanians/Latvians/Estonians treated more or less the same?
It's nice to hear the language of our Braliuks.
Any protester who just wants the government to steal a bit less and be a bit less corrupt, but otherwise agrees with its foreign policy - deserves his beating, because he still hasn't learned anything
This is really horrible
Countries like Azerbaijan already have considerably good relations with Russia.
"Aye
Pfft to all the others showing off their versions, Latvian is superior!
Also, not that bad, considering what was going on there.
Good luck UK
The words are entirely different.
I think that could be a good reason to switch host families
Country is called UK
Yeah - this is why it's \~30% not 80-90+%.
) versions
Are you really suggesting that nations half a globe away can be closer culturally than neighbouring nations?
You can buy rabbit meat in supermarkets here
At what point does an indigenous population become one?
I think to actually to that job you have to be a sociopath
There are quite a few German loan words in literary language as well
Plus there's a possibility that the virus will mutate into something new by the next season - why do you think flu and the common cold keep coming back every year
First I thought that maybe it is pronounced completely different in Latvian, but no, don't think I have heard of that one
Public transport gets me to any part of the city in less than an hour, but I rarely need it
I spent lots of time in Lithuania and flights there are very cheap (>50-60£) you can also get super cheap train travel to lots of the rest of Northern Europe!
i'm pretty sure those maps are sarcastic and not representing public opinion in any way.
By having more than 2 potatoes
We'll talk again in June
I'd day kinda like an army volunteer
Yes, with the exception of language
You had very rich upbringing and had great time, while i had strict, but in the end much better family than our previous one
You dont have to tell me that, we have like 40% russian population
No idea why hospitals would choose to side with the families, I presume it's the risk of being sued.
Oh, that's why you guys are so slow - too busy figuring out, if you need to voice your stop consonants or not
Or something else
I don't quite remember what happened after I swiched schools after first grade, I think we then had German as primary foreign language and English was optional extra curricular activity, so we acctually started having it officially in 5th grade, although we didn't have to learn the basics at that point.
Ideologically - because I believe in a united Europe, and a federal European state.
We have many more great artists, most simply stay local :)
It should be renamed ''list of countries that are convenient to hate for Putin at this moment, might change every 5 minutes depending on circumstances and corruption''
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia have always been referred to as Baltic nations.
If one buys fresh milk or non UHT, you have to put it in a fridge and drink fast
I heard that the US augmented our military presence in the Baltic states since Russia would otherwise occupy the whole of Latvia or Estonia within a day
I understand it's a hard time for you
Cold: -15 C minus
Get a job and get out of your parent's basement for once
Idk how it is with modern cars but i had an older electric car with only about 100km battery range when i got it and half a year later it became only about 50 kilometres
After years and years of me cooking in front of her eyes, she knows a lot now
I haven't seen it in 5 years at least, so it's tough to say, but I can't imagine why wouldn't it be
What do the Yule lads give to naughty Latvian children?
Balkanites/Lithuanians/Latvians are all mafioso pimps running drugs
Jānis, izgājis cauri tumšajam mežam, bija pienācis pie kroga, tikai lai uzzinātu ka viņš aizmirsa paņemt līdzi naudu
And recognising Soviet occupation and giving back Abrene will also be political suicides
Yeah, that is a real problem no matter what way you look at it.
Kosovo is not a part of Serbia
Matter
We do have quite a bit of military cooperation going on - we have BALTBAT, Baltic Defence College, Baltic Winter Games (a sport event for military members), and I think there was also a common naval squadron too, and we share our radar network.
According to a Russian friend of mine, if you smile (being a man) you're considered stupid and people don't respect you.
We have them here as well, though it's hard to be "in the middle of nowhere" in Latvia, so they're mostly near some nature trail or nature park
Edit: formatting
And they still have some barriers left, so its not reaaaly finished
* Mārtiņš Lācis was a staunch communist, [a member of the "cheka"] among other things and thought up this "wonderful" bit:
That's a small but very vocal minority of a couple of MPs from a generally ideologically "socially conservative" party - Harmony (Represents mostly Russophones in Latvia, especially in the capital Riga).
Jesus, it was crazy
German cause I am learning it at school and that would make it way easier for me, Korean cause I like K-pop and want to move to Korea or at least visit Korea at some point in my life and japanese cause I want to move there as well and also cause one of my friends is learning Japanese and I would be able to help him
Krūšturis - chest holder (bra)
From the funding of the NHS to people not understanding what will change if they leave the EU regarding borders.
After all, в Челябинске лучше торчать.
Investing in Eastern Poland
Yes, I watched Shadiversity too ;)  Good defense capabilities overall
Your problem is immigration (people coming in), ours is emigration (people leaving for the UK and Ireland seeking job opportunities and better salaries).
But I can't say I don't like Latvia, I just happened to spend less then a day here, so I have much fewer impressions of it.
We have pine forests and kippers in Surrey !
to stand up like that is incredible
A carry license would be even harder to get
That's still about a thousand times cooler than the temperature needed for nuclear fusion
There definitely are some polluted places, but they are isolated and rare.
I personally prefer android myself
I have tasted it last year in Latvia.
Of course not, If you exclude Czechia and Hungary, their population combined is probably less than the population of Portugal.
Happy Independence day Brialukas
He’s ok although you still don’t know much about him
Soviet law was in effect in those Soviet republics, first and foremost.
The government decides how much to pay teachers, they don't decide on footballers
Austiņas - ears(in diminutive) (headphones)
The 'translatable' Latvian ones are hardly used for people born in Post-Soviet era
Quite happy, but it could easily be better, there are quite obvious weaknesses.
Really makes you feel exploited, too
No, Kaija is "seagull", one of many names based in nature.
So I apologise for the misunderstanding.
Make more players like Kristers Gudļevskis and Zemgus Girgensons and you guys will be a force to be reckoned with.
Used to be very popular among those who like hiphop music, but you don't see the caps very often now except on kids.
Everyone just says Čehija, not Čehijas Republika
Isolationist USA means power balance shift.
Yes, they have the numbers but they're behind in technology and training.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone I know not keeping them in the fridge
Austrija- Ungārija or Austrijas-Ungārijas impērija or Austroungāru impērija
Habits are changing, yes
Don't confuse Schengen rules (which are EU law) with national rules.
Not only, all Latvian words end with an -s.
It might if it were realistic, but I'm not worried.
All I know is that it was some navy dude, who lost some bodyparts for the British few centuries ago, so they built a monument for him
They cited some blog, not another news organisation.
honestly for me (Latvian) the favourite city for me would be Pļaviņas cause it just has such a lovely atmosphere
Should r/russia remain hardcore propoganda machine for kremlin or should anything be done
>or write a shopping list
Yes that’s true, but for me Brexit is “only” about membership of the EU
I'm asking you how have you come by the knowledge that Italians are so genetically unique, that even people born there with full rights to Italian citizenship under Italian law and who speak Italian natively are somehow not Italian?
The new form is [an ID card] includes a RFID chip and can be used as an electronic signature, and then there's the [passport] Having one of those IDs is mandatory from the age of 15.
London, Paris, Frankfurt ... are places to work and live, but I can’t imagine are great to visit as a tourist
Would you say the emergency response was fast and sufficient
However this is only good, if you allready have decent knowledge, it us not feasible when you have to check everything
While everyone is happy that Germany was defeated, Russians consider themselves to have liberated Latvia, and Latvians consider it an occupation.
It's not that true in the centre of Barcelona, I have a number of English, Romanian and Latvian employees with differing levels of Spanish, we use English in the office as do most IT/development companies, there are also many multinationals in Barcelona that work mainly in English, that being said obviously if a person is looking to integrate well then learning Spanish is a good idea...
Sure, that is a step in the right direction, but it's not like it will change anything that much.
Guesstimates are not always the best estimates :D
We have them here as well, though it's hard to be "in the middle of nowhere" in Latvia, so they're mostly near some nature trail or nature park
The one popular with non natives are the potato memes
Since you're American, you may want to explicitly ask for a card with a chip - as far as I know, most US banks will issue those if requested, but generally issue strip-only cards if you do not specify.
Welcome to the jungle mawfucker
They want a sustainable Latvian nation state.
My fault, but does it really change the point, that there are not going to be tens of thousands of doctors leaving?
It's not as cheap and filled with strip clubs and prostitutes as it was 5-10 years ago
Looking at this thread, it seems like pretty much everyone disagreeing with this POV are specifically Lithuanian while Estonians and Latvians don't seem to care as much.
Nikolaj isn’t even a Latvian name, at least not the way Boyle insists of pronouncing it
One aspect of that I've seen talked about is basically that, even if we talk about USSR, we're talking about seven decades, while the part where the Soviet Communist implementation of the ideology was compareable to Nazism was really under one leader
So, the potato is seen as a 'caretaker' or maternal figure.
That's Beatles, Pink Floyd, or Rolling Stones in music, a whole array of actors and actresses (even if often through Hollywood), James Bond, and in terms of popular literature, there's Sherlock Holmes, Harry Potter, LOTR, etc.
lithuanian doesn't sound anything like russian to me
I once read some *very serious business* meme that -%sales and having the lowest price isn't a viable business strategy
while taking foreign things to rich themselves but for lower classes that's not allowed
* [Krišjānis Barons]
For example, if you have a grandparent that was an Italian citizen, you might be eligible for Italian citizenship.
Ukraine, for example, had one several months after it declared independence, Estonia held one 3 years after their declaration of sovereignty was published, the intervening time being spent in pretty much open rebellion, Latvia held theirs almost a year after the adoption of 'On the restoration of the Independence of the Republic of Latvia' by the supreme soviet, which again put them in an effective state of rebellion.
Every new case we get in Latvia for the past week has been 100% people coming from Sweden
From some googling it doesn't seem so but even then, open face sandwiches are not that unique
Is it the mythical "standard" cup, or just a mug you have laying around somewhere
If Ukrainian yields were so poor why did the NKVD need to confiscate hundreds of thousands tons of grain and restrict the movement of peasants.
In Hungary they are usually described as Baltic in a followup sentence, something like "There was a big snowstorm in Latvia.
I assumed the Russians have their own equivalent of Bureau International des Poids et Mesures, except with all measurements based not on a block of cesium but on a 700ml bottle of vodka
Last thing I heard just 2 days ago your minister of economics pleaded how building of NS2 should not be politicised
At least, driver got free parking in the city center
Schaerbeek in Brussels reminded me a bit of those.
The idea then is to distribute them among many countries, looking at how many each country can take, and that idea is fine and workable on the assumption that the vast majority of those who come are actually refugees and not other types of migrants.
tl:dr; Iskolat - a council so large that some consider it its own country.
Though when reading pronunciation is only perfect for new words like 95% of the time because of the letter ''o'', as it has 3 different pronunciations, but a native speaker will be able to guess which pronunciation is used in most cases
I mean why T-14 after T-90 and not T-100 for example?
Not even the night gives respite
Yes, I am going to make one for Croatia
they all look so happy :)
It's pretty much impossible to be unable to afford medical care.
South Africa
Different sorts of rye and wheat breads, as well some weirder stuff like oat bread
Sure the terrain is difficult but it's been surrounded by Romans and before that by Celts throughout the entirety of written history.
We don't have Polish cuisine products usually
Hate that farcical nonsense
Any of them
So I feasibly could have participated in the test for Latvia and perhaps gotten the highest score in europe?
There are accessible guided tours to the area, with English-speaking guides.
The Baltic countries also speak English very well, that is people who are native speakers, not Russians
We don't really have a _colonized_ version of latvian but we do have latgalian which is a dialect
It's really depressing in the winter when you go to work, it's still dark, go home, it's dark already and you've spent the whole daytime working for the man
Are those Bauhaus style buildings
The question of guilt as far as I know is still somewhat contested among historians, but facts cant be myth and Germany did in fact multiple times gave Austria assurances of Germany's support if they go to war.
There always is a hope that Russia will no go in circles in it's  politics in the future
The place where the socialist revolution happened you mean?
If US and EU can moralise about it, I can't see why Russia can't...
I used to think they're tourists, but I think many of them have jobs here, idk.
Sentence about the Baltics is spot on, nothing can trigger me more than that
This conflict could easily spread to Latvia or Estonia, to areas with a consequential Russian minority.
Why do Latvians so enjoy shitting on themselves is quite baffling.
I don't think you need to like Lavrov, and even Putin for that matter, to realize they're quite genius statesmen in ways.
As for the origin, not sure - perhaps it has something to do with the latin word "viverra", meaning "ferret".
Every university building I've been to in those countries has had open front doors, with only some areas locked away as you would expect - individual offices, meeting rooms reserved for staff, some labs, etc.
I guess that's how similar the Baltic languages are
Ok, maybe you started talking English in early age and it's feels more natural to you
It's weird lol
Well, that depends on what countries will you be visiting.
It's kinda evolving as the days go on, but that was the initial flashpoint
Wasn't it always part of the Teutonic Order?
northern Latvia (Vidzeme) sold to Estonia.
They did the pedestrian part in 2 years, TWO YEARS
On other hand I've heard some of them just say that you're X% related to this modern nation or region, which I think is BS - these tests are usually based on haplogroups that emerged well before modern nations and it's not very informative if they don't tell what these conclusions are based on.
Check
As cynical as it may seem I felt very similar
There are no private universities actually, but there are numerous private institutions accredited as colleges and the like, though none have the title of university.
In Latvia they are Saskaņa ("Concord", in a formal alliance with United Russia), ЗаПЧЕЛ ("For Human Rights in a United Latvia", human rights meaning unconditional citizenship and not having to know any language other than Russian), and Socialists (not quite pro-Kremlin, but supportive of some of its policies).
7 centuries under german rule have not gone unnoticed
General election is to determine whether a referendum is held, and what the conditions of the referendum or the answers are.
Hi, my name is John, it's a pleasure to meet you
By your logic, there should be mass shootings daily instead of being one of the most safe countries in the world.
In Rīga there’s an electronic card for all public transports-‘E-Talons’.In my city Rēzekne there’s so called ‘Rēzeknieša karte’which is basically the same thing
I have never witnessed any drama of this kind.
Zero interest in visiting Las Vegas or Dubai (although I have been to visit friends who live in Dubai, staying at their home)
He's just living the murican dream
Happened several times in the last year.
The expectation is that hard work always pays off, so the people who are poor just aren't trying hard enough.
Oh hey, time to make 50 different kinds of potato food
That's makes you pretty much the most capitalist of this capitalist World.
By what metric do you base your statement
It's little to no difference if a Latvian meets another Latvian or a Lithuanian anywhere abroad and the other way round
Assuming your starting point is Warsaw, you can get an affordable train ride to Berlin.
It was the only battle in World War II led solely by Latvian commanders."
And in countries with these systems, the police and intelligence services need to show that they have good reasons - probable cause - to wiretap someone, or to search their home, or arrest them.
But most pedestrians just hop on for a stop or two and jump off
But omg did you see Latvia’s backup dancers
what was this ''legitimate government'' in Russia, in year 1918 exactly??
I haven't seen it in 5 years at least, so it's tough to say, but I can't imagine why wouldn't it be
Trump being a prime example of how it plays out when no one with any sense has any influence on a politician with no clue about anything
Sorry to nitpick, but i just want to say that Latvian and Lithuanian aren't Slavic, but Baltic.
I am an ethnic Latvian even though my blood is as mixed as it could be.
Just
I just realised that I have more female friends than male
Except he's not messing with NATO as such, he's targeting individual countries, big difference.
But the point is it was *de facto* independent and historians rarely refer to the Teutonic Order when talking about this era in Estonia and Latvia.
We have developed internet platforms
And it will not be a gesture of good will, as expelling an ambassador is an escalation comparing to expelling certain number of low level diplomats.
I guess that's how similar the Baltic languages are
What part is xenophobic in bringing up the fact that there were mass rapes committed by the Red Army?
I have traveled all over Europe, met people, found friends, we are not that different
I don't fear T55 rolling down Brīvības iela, I fear your government fuelling our internal ethnic conflicts due to rhetoric and actual financial, or even military, support.
I'm no expert either, but why wouldn't it be useful?
Now you all is lead by Glorious Politburo!!!
What‘s funny is I’ve noticed that most people that say that the EU is trash, done for, and practically on the brink of destruction are almost always from either a Balkan country, or Central European Slavic country
To be honest, I don't think it's even legal to be naked in public
Maybe it looks idiotic, but **it happened** not so long ago, right in your country.
"Wet-behind-your-ears bachelors candidate" doesn't sound too flattering, to be fair.
(There was a genetic map of Europe posted sometime ago in this subreddit) And weren't targeted by Nazis in the occupation like millions upon millions of Slavic peoples.
Unless you're in some kind of technology job, you will, unfortunately for you, need the local language.
The picture clearly shows at least 200 people
In the end, most people end up using a mixture that is mostly like American English because of all the entertainment in US English.
I think Theresa May can be played by that women from Devil wear's Prada I forgot her name
Ööuklubi ^^
Whoever described him like that should take a look at party leaders across Europe
Lithuania are bros and Estonians are our little slow bros
Same in Latvian “nu jā” or “nu labi” both Pretty much mean “well yeah “
The SS are war criminals and fanatics, and anyone who joined them when given a choice to join the regular army is a cunt.
Like, I'm from Riga, so me saying "I was visiting Ventspils (another city in Latvia)" sounds OK, but me saying "I was visiting Latvia" will sound odd.
Latvians are pretty superstitious in general so any bs like this has pretty fertile ground to grow in
We also had ''99% of people want to join mother Russia''
they have like 5 PAKFA's in total, and they still count as ''prototypes''.....those things wont fight in the next 10 years
So yeah, gas is here to stay, all we can do is diversify, insulate and renovate buildings, make hybrid systems
Sadly this option is not readily available to Russia due to nukes.
#TeamOrange
It may be touching of the area where Latvia is placed.
Oh, when our Minister of Finance in the interview with Bluoomberg to question about crisis 2008 answered "Nothing Special" (1:30)
I can't be fucked with another faceless teenager throwing a tantrum at me over the net because they read an article in Latvia about the big, bad Brits.
The Fourth Report on Economic and Social Cohesion (2007) shows preliminary estimates for the period 2000-2013 which suggest an increase in GDP compared to a baseline scenario without cohesion policy, of around 3,5% in Greece and 3,1% in Portugal and larger ones for the new Member States (2004-2013): 9,0% in the Czech Republic and Latvia, 8,5% in Lithuania and Estonia, 6% in Bulgaria and Slovakia, and 5,5% in Poland.
Are you seriously arguing that before the Nazi's rise the Swastika was something familiar for the average Pole?
Is 40k really popular in Poland
That is a significant drawback for the less developed countries (but they have calculated that the benefits still outweigh the losses).
Come visit
I don't want to know sexuality of my country's leader.
And yes if we start doing that I will want it stopped.
Our country is, in many ways, split ethnically between Latvians and Russians.
Given that I'm trying to lose my British passport as soon as possible, I have yet to see a reason why anyone would not be
Stay safe
Swedes literally have 48 artillery howitzers in their entire army........fucking Latvia will have more than that after a few years.
I was thinking of picking up German or Dutch before going.
You and me both
We don't have one and I'm afraid a Christmas market here would be an uncontrollable experience
I haven't seen Putin invade other countries though.
Living abroad is fucking awesome.
If after the dissolution of the USSR pre-WW2 borders had been re-instated the powerstation would have been ours.
Norway and Switzerland are in a far different relationship with EU than UK now is
Theoretically, British English.
AFAIK, this guy is creating teenager teams responsible for brigading for Latvian interests online.
I learnt it only at 20 y. o. and I'm very proud of it
I notice in UK, Scottish and Welsh flag are often displayed and seen as friendly and patriotic
Nope, we were occupied by the Soviet military summer 1940, who installed a puppet government, de-facto run by Вышинский and some other Soviet commissars, through a completely fabricated "election" (only one list, results announced in Moscow 12 hours before the "election" ended, anyone who was found not to have voted was accused of being a traitor, and usually shot).
My wife's family in Latvia asks for antibiotics for colds and flu - and the doctors give it to them because they don't want to put up a fight.
I still think British women are adorable, British men are mostly nice lads to have a beer with if you crush their lad party ideas at the roots, and that the country is lovely starting from weather, food and everything else.
Cool places to say you've been to, but easily as travel destinations you'll have a more enjoyable time in almost any other European country
It may be hard if you try to build on what you know already, apply the logic and structures of your native language but that only makes it harder
We simply don't have human resources (not enough of qualified teachers who know how to work with bilingual system)
The government's job is to minimize it
> And it would also get along with Russia
It's more secure as anyone can leave a house fast in case of emergency
Yeah, uhm
That’s 26 including English I think
Ours is at 11
heh.....maybe we can use this.....you can probably get cheap Russian military gear with Euros now
This is fucked up
Europe isn't a big orgy, nor is everyone a nudist, but people in Europe don't freak out about nudity the way Americans do.
Back when I was in college in Finland I was walking home and a group of Russian tourists approached me and tried to ask me for directions in broken English mixed with Russian words
"Hey guys, where can we find an oven big enough to roast a whole sheep?"
I call t the cold touch of winter and I like it a lot.
It's refreshing to see a nice perspective around immigration these days!
I heard that advertising towards kids was illegal in Sweden and Finland
Eventually I outgrew that bike and for obvious reasons didn't get a new one (there wasn't really any need for me to have a bicycle anyway), so at least as a kid and teen I never learned
I think he means the system itself..
I understand it's a hard time for you
Back when I was in college in Finland I was walking home and a group of Russian tourists approached me and tried to ask me for directions in broken English mixed with Russian words
One of the most beautiful riverside landscapes was destroyed and went underwater to power the expansion of the capital with ugly soviet block buildings for foreign soviet workers to live in under the USSR
The three countries directly under Finland (the testicles of Scandinavia)
Completely agree about Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, one of the rare cases where Hollywood gets it right; The Girl in the Spider's Web (movie) was straight up trash, though
His wife is going to kill him for real now
That's if you have a Visa or MasterCard.
Better question is why we (Lithuanians) associate Latvians with horse heads and why either you or Latvians have six toes (cant remember which one)
If you wanna talk to someone just DM me
Our and Estonian units entered Vecgulbene (on 31 May 1919) and discovered the works of horror of communist rule in the Vecgulbene manor.
It is in Russian, but has English subtitles on CC
He is arguing against you blatantly trying to derail this post
Yeah I think it was
It's the need for a super-villain that causes this
Not unless Gordon Ramsey is cooking and is the head chef
Each of the subjects gets a 40 minute lesson/week.
We'd be on the same level of Estonia had our country not be inhabited by spineless, directionless cocks we call ''politicians''.
Thankyou for the very detailed description!
I as a Latvian actually use some old English words like shall, hath, thou etc
History teacher said that Prussia existed before 16th century
But I honestly identify myself as a Latvian and equally a European
The latest survey of the language situation in Latvia, concerning 2010-2015, was published very recently, and it's unsurprisingly showing a significant decrease of Russian skills among younger people.
They could form the "Mighty One Digit Brigade" and phone Luxembourg to mock their lack of troops.
I'm pretty sure most schools start some time between 8:00 and 8:30, with mine starting at 8:30.
It seems like the Russian political parties present a far more united front - it's a shame the Latvian parties can't work closer in order to try to reinforce Latvian, if nothing else.
I think they just keep using their favourite natural resource - oil shale - to max.
So by your calculations we should still be a country in 30 years at this rate.
It's all flexible and nobody keeps track, you go by feeling
> Do clean the scissors thoroughly before and after use
They all say Newport should be avoided like the plague
Unfortunately, its a complex issue which requires a thought.
From what I've heard Icelandic is one of the only languages that pretty much haven't changed since the Viking ages so it would make sense that it sounds historic and viking-y. Not 100% sure if it's true though
Love the little "oh" from Latvia and Lithuania after Estonia explains his black line
I don't consider all Poles, Lithuanians, Latvians, Romanians, etc to be Hitlers.
A sandwich
You can get a full list of participants of any hearing from ICJ website.
* [American girl learned Latvian in almost a year] Starts at 1:14
There is more genetic variance between breeds of dog than there is between human ethnicities.
This doesn't strike me as especially strange - high schoolers were adults enough to have developed real interests and passions.
The final numbers are lucky since many apartments in that building were thankfully empty
That's impressive in a certain retarded way.
Only thing stopping US from doing that is their own unwillingness.
If you want to type a special character, press ' before typing the normal letter - typing in 'c results in č, for example
The whole lot of wine, beer and booze would cost about 2000€ in Finland, 1500 in Estonia and 1000 in Latvia.
Oh, when our Minister of Finance in the interview with Bluoomberg to question about crisis 2008 answered "Nothing Special" (1:30)
I would guess close to zero it the question was "fight against Russia".
Who needs to know what German intelligence agency managed to find...
What about “blackout”? Someone does couple of squats and then someone else takes a scarf or a jacket sleeve and applies moderate pressure to their neck area untill they pass out
It's really bad as it means we are dying out .
If you have a residence permit in Austria, you're allowed to freely travel within Schengen, and the same visa that allows you to be in Austria is also valid in Spain.
I live in probably one of the most multicultural/western Eastern European city (Riga) and have never seen any relations between us and foreigners.
According to our declaration on the restoration of independence of 1990 the legal continuity of our state (valsts nepārtrauktības doktrīna) is actually part of our constitutional law and courts have regarded it as such.
It worked in USA, why wouldn't it work in France?
If you gave the Russian concentrations in Latvia the option to "rejoin" Russia, you could well see similar results.
r/Poland F off from Vilnius and r/Russia just F off in general.
A good one is good on its own but in a bad one the raisins actually help to break up the texture and make it less dry
:D why do you think so
Fairly popular among young people,  most people I know have smoked it at least once
No one protests it, no one goes and tries to insult anyone.
Well, you can sell of your forests or e port timber.
Oh you cheeky Austrians, with your jokes.
You could also put a " * " before each name (after a double line break) and it would look like this:
The pay is good, and my regular job accounts for most of my income.
I know why, I just wish we were above such silly things
The Baltic states were just Crimea 100 years ago.
Where slot of people were sent out to gulags
Unbreak my
When I need to go to another city you can use train or intercity bus
In Latvia there are clases with 30 people and some with 10 in the same city
They don't do suicides, they do math.
, And what's the best thing about Latvia
It's not only a shameful act in itself but will also damage Portuguese standing in the international politics as it will be hard to take any statements about morality seriously from a government that doesn't recognise the act of genocide which served as the reason for coining such term, but decided to take pick only some victims from a larger tragedy and declare that a genocide.
Not just grids, most housing is not designed with electric consumption levels that accommodate heating
For example, one of the mainstays of the curriculum, if I recall correctly, read in about 6th or 7th grade, is called "In the shadow of death" and it is basically a story about fishermen on an ice floe slowly succumbing to death
Let's go 160 mph instead of 80
It's because the cost never comes as a surprise expense, and because it's factored into every budget.
Oh, you have a picture of u/3v42069 and your girlfriend, got it
Lidmašīna - fly machine (plane)
So you just have a simplified version of our most common masculine ending (I'm guessing because of you're fixed accent which is due to Livonians, hence saying "bEgemots" becomes a bit easier than saying "begemOtas").
I guess the etymology is simile to pierogi but we bake them and they’re usually made with speck, onions, and lardons
I meant the "/" as in some non-euro people choose to see Spain, some Italy when it comes to  what they consider the typical "sunny vacation destination" European countries
I tried to search for all the landscape flags out there and I only found these ones plus a few others that were kinda bad and photoshopped so I left them out.
What amount of people are there?
For Latvia I would say that "Saule, Pērkons, Daugava" , this song is essentially our unofficial second anthem, some people prefer it to the anthem
But most of the hospitals are pretty shit here
Also word "race" was not used by militia, but nationality (национальност)
Germany-Audi A4 170hp 1
Which country should rule the rest of Europe, and why is it Germany?
Like the long tentacles with the suction cups and their mushy, wobbly heads
They didn't go the way of Latvia and Estonia because they didn't have the mass immigration problem so they could freely give the few immigrants they had citizenship and they really didn't want to go the route of having a border dispute with Poland, that declaring the continuation of 1939 republic would have caused.
Trade deals take a long time though, if it is in Biden's term, then it will at best be in year 4
Well, there’s also a small man in a box
While all the Russian media is actually controlled.
With just ordinary cooking I'd be bumping into the limit.
That's just the political decision, there will still be a long planning stage and time required to actually build the power plant.
Visited the Riga Christmas Market and did some sightseeing, which I barely remember now, considering how well I got to know Riga later on in my life.
dude this is some fucking apocalyptic news
It's not just the small towns, even, it's the presence of big, empty stretches of lands where there's pretty much no human settlement.
[Latvian woman praying the Potato God]
Adding -s is a piece of cake compared to learning that moonspeak with 14 case endings that you speak up there.
It's efficient
Calm down, I am against the Right Sector taking part in both this, and in the 16th of March events, and I am a ethnic Latvian.
It's an issue of saying that we got illegaly occupied, instead of keeping refereing to us as puppet states USSR established here, when our countries are not the legal successor states of those, nobody said you can't talk about history, because we don't want to, on the countrary
For private companies it's a company's free choise
She lives next to Paris and has 2 kids with a french guy, so no way she will ever return back to LV
Theatre/Opera/Orchestra - London
The former is "narrow gauge railroad" and the latter is kinda non-sensical ("dwarves of the glass shed"), it's not really used for anything
* [German guy learned Latvian and a bit of Russian while living in Riga] (you can still tell he's german though)
More precise, from the [official translation] (pdf)
- Druvvaldis (The Cornfield-Ruler)
We can't produce enough energy to meet our demands on our own and other suppliers can't beat Russian prices.
They might lower the salary, but offer it to the entire World, that could rather have the effect of evening out salaries across the World than decreasing availability of the work in richer countries
Really good idea for how "nice" this week have been
Akenstaka
I get your Grandma thing
While I find the Irish-English accent to be utterly irresistable, I still would want the Irish to kind of ''take back'' their roots and reclaim their heritige, maybe not even taking English as their mother language.
And if you're wondering how to distinguish spoken Latvian and Lithuanian, just listen to this [bit in Latvian] Latvians almost always stress the first part of every word (while Lithuanian is all over the place).
if you wanna get rid of Catholics, first start with those pesky Muslims
It would probably be about fighting against the soviets to make Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia independent again
We dont even know what Trump thinks of NATO, or more specifically, its eastern flank and the dangers of Russia.
Krišjānis Barons (one do the starters for the young Latvian movement and know as "Father of dainas"(Dainu tēvs) organized and systemized pretty much all dainas in Latvia hence the name)
Out of all the Russian figureheads we usually see or hear, Churkin was the only one that had an air of elegance about him.
The previous time this was posted, somebody also mentioned that the recycling system was built in such a way as to account for the potential increase in garbage.
post-Soviet Latvia, […] Lithuania
Both genders have huge problems, neither is more ''oppressed''
Okay what kind of shitposting is this now
Sameish for Latvia
It is suggested to go once a year, however in reality I'll only go if there is an acute necessity
The regular Black Balsam you won't be able to drink without mixing it in a coffee (as many people do) or some kind of soft drink
Me, being 15, and you 17 it was very difficult time, since we werent easily susceptible children anymore
They know they could potentially be next.
So saying ''just be like Finland'' is naive, most simply dont have such a choice
Protection of Latvian language rights doesn't exist, only extermination of Russian language.
130k+ people had to die in the Yugoslav wars
What I mean, is that the UK probably wants to decide their own fate and don't want to be bound by the regulations, whilst they are not in the EU.
No facts are necessary, just knee-jerk reactions, claims of Nazism and bingo-bango - Latvians are all jackbooted nazis.
And Lithuania is dating Latvia at the moment
But the fire burns them all away
Yes, werewolves are more common than nazguls here.
If vī ār bīing onest, aim nat īven šuore vat kaind of aksent vī, Lattvijans, īven have
[līvi- dzelzgriezējs]
Never knew i need this framed on my wall
Not even guilty pleasure but one of the most popular Lavian songs : Bruģis - Kaija
Especially if other was of foreign secluded religious sect (old believers), other language and culture.
Also was once caught eating his boogers
Do we just add 'as' at the end of our names we are set to go?
I wouldn’t say that: there’s the stereotype of people from there being a bit backwards but everyone gets on fine
I'd say among my generation there's probably no one watching TV channels except occasional news
Instead, it is so beneficial, that countries *want*, to join it, so actively are working on it to do so.
100€ Diesel fuel for a car full tank
But if some great corporations fund generously the election campaign of a candidate in order to extract later political favours out of it (a practice that's seen as "perfectly normal" in the beacon of western democracy), that's not corruption at all, that's just a pragmatic approach to campaining.
on about 60% of words you can, but we have fucky words as i said before
There are ukrainians that come to my country (Latvia) to earn more money in 2 months of picking berries than they would make in a year in their home country.
I imagine you need to follow a certain procedure to manufacture a toilet as well, although as an avarage human being that doesn't have had anything to do with the specific industry under Soviet rule, I have no idea how it was regulated
Always make the sign of the cross when you pass a church (mostly only old ladies believe this one)
''Spain has joined the battle group with a large unit - 300 troops'' - I dont think 300 people is a ''large unit'' though.....like it's nice and all, but let's not exaggerate
Which ones
lol I live here in Latvia, and I have been to Turkey myself too
On 31 December 1600, the Queen granted a Royal Charter to "George, Earl of Cumberland, and 215 Knights, Aldermen, and Burgesses" under the name, Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading with the East Indies
Some things never change
I'll live
15 - piecpadsmit
Now I'm a skinny ''artistic'' type and I fucking hate the idea of being surrounded by only men for a year or so doing ''manly'' things.
Russia has highest level of wealth inequality and it's boosting the GDP up.
We're the poorest - but the most expensive.
That we are very simmilar to Russians or Germans just because they've ruled over Latvia at some points of history.
So, would be interesting to hear your opinions on[The national library of Latvia] Designed by [Gunārs Birkerts] an architect known for designing multiple buildings in the US it was his gift to his Homeland
Islamists Won: Charlie Hebdo Disappears
Pretty much everywhere in EU, but probably Finland and Sweden most of all
It's amazing
For makes - "ijs" or "iņš" "ītis"
it was just a joke that she doesn't need to call, just ask loudly and NSA will pick it up.
if you want a ' then press space after typing it in
Honestly I'll never forget where I was and what was I doing when I first heard the news about it
Džon meid hiz vei srū ze dāk forest, onlī tu faind aut zat hī forgot ze monī.
85% of our media was (and remains) pro-EU.
#TeamOrange
Is it to do with high-ground, as in a water reservoir would get emptied if both water way would get connected directly
It's somewhat different from the Swiss and very different from the American situation.
They don't exist in many other countries, the nature of problematic neighbourhoods is different.
Those countries as collective can put up a show as a united front all they like, Putin has managed to successfully chip away the weak links these last few years and will continue to do so without any use of tanks.
My girlfriend lives there
Why would anyone ever limit the future of a software project to only an arbitrary subset of the global talent pool
"Man pie dirsas" - By my ass
The average Brit is 15% poorer than before the result of the referendum.
Last time I read about it in the news the decision regarding Visagina AES was delayed until 2018.
Doesn't Ireland get like 5% growth a quarter these days, lol?
All other Romes were run by little girls
We have frequent power outages and people like to be able to cook or boil water in such cases
Though we maek our "sour bread" with honey and call it sweet-sour bread
In some ways CS:GO is worse than EA games, since what you get is transferable, therefore sellable for real money
This internet stranger believes in you wishes you all the best
"Liberal" as a term is being so thrown around so much these days, it means socialist/commie and i'm the opposite of that - Libertarian.
* [Kārlis Ullmanis]
Olas dzeltenums - egg's yellow (Yolk)
I don't have a specific reason other than it is a clear upgrade on almost all parameters, plus I really like the culture and language
Not really sure about this bit, though the NKVD did carry out [the Latvian Operation] that "liquidated" Latvians in the political and cultural sphere in Russia, including almost all of the people named above
But I don't have conversations about kites often, so it might be just me
It's probably legal - judging by it being fairly common - in Spain.
* Lenin promised the riflemen an independent Latvia
that implies it forcefully makes someone join or something.
So - no thanks
He was tapping along to faster pieces, sometimes even conducting along; visibly moved by the slower pieces and just generally obviously loving it
I know that because they did exactly the same over here:
The land area is almost exactly the same and the population of Latvia is bigger just by a few percent.
This is a bit tricky question
Though the first thing that comes to mind is that thing where it's meat inside a jelly that's made from beef stock, and people like to dip it in vinegar
And so is Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden.
Aber kannst du bitte mir beschreiben, wie es ist, dort zu Leben
Mbps is mega**bits** per second
Which system is best is a question much better answered by serious research than personal opinion.
Only 24% of people in the 60+ age group claim to regularly use the Internet.
Just last summer a street in Riga, near where live was repaved - after 2 moths there where someone already digging a hole to fix piping or something.
Maybe 4 if you're generous, while for instance Sweden has easily a dozen at this level of granularity.
If there's no fish then also plus a peace of cake
This
Should r/russia remain hardcore propoganda machine for kremlin or should anything be done
That's why Putin was able to become president again after Medvedev' term ran out.
Complaining that whoever’s cooking on the barbecue is doing it wrong
In the West it's a sign of a strength, in East - sign of weakness.
It's not as straightforward as visiting London or Paris, but it's not a huge problem either.
So, after 50-60 years it becomes simple: polarize society into two camps - strongly anti-russian and strongly pro-russian; wait for more than half of the country elects pro-russian president; overthrow that president by colour revolution; wait for pro-russian president to be elected again and overthrow him by the coup with armed seizure of local governments and highly nationalist attitude.
There's one school here known for teaching Nordic languages, seems it's at highschool level for them, I think most schools that offer rare foreign languages have them in highschool, so if any other school has them it's probably the same case.
If the rules of engagement and human rights' concepts remain the same, there is barely anything theoretical EU army could do to pacify Africa/MidEast and stop mass migration.
Germany, France and Italy are already combining military industries (Airbus, Nexter-KMW merger) and are eyeing a common defence headquarters for military cooperation.
Although judging by the other replies to your post, it might be a personal preference thing
Estonia has more car sales than Latvia and Lithuania?
But that wouldn't be fair to the majority of the people who didn't want him
Number one - he was young and healthy, and so on
2004 Latvia jons the EU and nato
No there is because there are some fucky words
Genocide is defined in Article 2 of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (1948) as "any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, **a national, ethnical, racial or religious group**, as such: killing members of **the group**; causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of **the group**; deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; imposing measures intended to prevent births within **the group**; [and] forcibly transferring children of **the group** to another group.
The Napoleonic wars get one or two lessons, and the US civil war get's one lesson.
Probably [Laika Suns] or [Carnival Youth]
The anarchy we have now is much better and not related at all to the increase of organized crime aimed at shipping immigrants.
But at the same time having Euro is so much more convenient
Some examples from my childhood:
101 years old
Back in spring through sheer luck we got ahead of events with the isolation rules, soft lockdowns, etc
Don't want to be mistaken for a yank
It's completely opposite for me
Estonian is in Finno-Ugric language group, while Lithuanian is Baltic, and belongs to the Indo-European.
If vī ār bīing onest, aim nat īven šuore vat kaind of aksent vī, Lattvijans, īven have
