Are Latvia and Lithuania interbreeding to produce a super-woman?
There's Lithuania in 2007 and Germany in 2016.....
Then Bulgaria, Ukraine, Lithuania, Serbia and BiH.
What I know about Albania, hmm, language with it's own special branch, kind of muslim country, has a lot bunkers...
We're too small and irrelevant
Doesn't surprise me, after their foreign ministry posted an infographic about Forest Brothers in the Baltic countries being terrorists and murderers
Polish is basically only for native poles
I don't know where you live, but in Lithuania bribes to the police are very not common.
Oh, and Albert Camus
Welp, free real estate I guess :D
Sorry for the off-topic question: how is Russian contigent supplied if Transnistria is landlocked between mainlaind Moldova and Ukraine
Poland, stop, do not
You do realize trumplets like Russia right ?
No, because the country is the Lithuanian nation state
Forgive my curiosity, It just warms my feelings, seeing someone willingly choose to learn my native language
Hungary - Vengrija
If anyone interested to know more about Lithuanian History, i recommend everyone to read this [The History of Lithuania in PDF]
Eliminating evil
In 10years this shot will be on historyporn
So many Belarussians identify themselves as Litvins now.
Putin can kill as much people as he want
* Adomas Mickevičius
Restored by Lithuanian architect Bronislovas Krūminis.
Belarus is going to claim that the grand duchy of Lithuania was actually Belarusian.
I really hope we will have one of these for every country in the world.
I vividly remember one festive evening when some kid found a car with a broken window and everyone flocked around it to scoop up the "diamonds" into their pockets.
No, it was Chechnya
But you said litteraly
Also taste out our beers, you'll like it
Southern dishes, unlike most northern dishes, have a variety of spices added to them
I agree with a guy who is laughing.
I would personally like to recommend Lithuania for your business because we are know worldwide for our suicide traditions (also low labor costs)
Once we had one hit something like 30 meters from us and its like mini explosion happening close by
It is not weird or yucky in a sense of how it looks, tastes etc
and
6 nanoseconds
> USSR was not communist
So I assume french is much easier for you, because it is much more similar than a lot of other languages
Nothing lasts forever
Belarusians on the other hand...
>	You're not allowed to make names up
Tho last part only seems faster because it rhymes
Lithuania is the same from my experience, we are kind to non-white people, but behind their backs we talk a lot, mostly because they are so exotic there and when we joke around some jokes are borderline racist, but from my personal experience it was never with ill-intent
Still nostalgic about it
Its in our best interest to lose out on our own policy to keep euro
British PM May: "UK can be the bridge between the EU & the US"; Lithuanian President: "I don’t think there is a necessity for a bridge.
We're still burning shit
Lithuania is called "the land of Mary" because Mary is pretty popular.
I see all kinds of dirt about Sweden all the time here on reddit but it's either without any sources, or some weird biased "news".
Around 500 of savings go to investing and the rest is kept for down payment for my own place, that I plan to put into ~2% savings account every 6 months just to get some extra cash
Watching it is torture
On behalf of all Lithuanians, I thank you
We trade with Russia because our geopolitical situation demands it.
Yep, there are quite a few fancy camps in Lithuania
"Taryba" is the only word we use for "Council".
Blitzkrieg
The shorter people with darker hair and a bit more tan skin are probably from southern europe
Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia -> Baltic 1, Baltic 2, Baltic 3.
I mostly use it just for Uber, because they don't accept debit cards.
And then Bolshevik Russia invaded.
And weirdly, our second quarantine doesn't even start until Saturday (or maybe Monday
When I lived in flats [Khrushchyovkas] I knew some neighbors just because we went trick or treating in February (a tradition, and easy, but risky way to get some money and treats)
니가 [niga] meaning you're
Their GDP growth is bigger but our GDP per capita is still bigger.
However, children are usually cared for, and even growing in the most severe poverty can be escaped with enough determination to seek education
It's not hard at all in Lithuania and gun laws have been progressively relaxed since 1996/1997
Blap blap blap, boop
Everyone would win
This deserves a post of its own
> Teismas pažymi, kad asmuo turi teise i butinaja ginti
Of course, though it's rarer to see that between teenagers after puberty kicks in
President:
Most archaic\*
They key here is that data are in percents.
That's now the Lithuanian Coat of Arms.
I feel bad for Belarussian people, they honestly seem like they've had enough of that bald asshole
the polish goverment thinking
focus more on Poland/Baltics/Slovakia and if you have multi-entry Schengen visa Croatia/Romania/Bulgaria.
Side note, carrying while below a certain amount of promiles/BAC is still legal but its pretty low
Theres Lithuanian, english and german,russian,french, but you can choose wich ones you want to learn
> Spoken language is completely unintelligible
Iiiiiiiit's juuuuust beeeeecaaaauuuuseeee oooof theeee waaaayyyy theeeeyyyy tyyyypeeeee stuuuuuuff.
Lithuania here
I don't get it
He said Nordic countries
Other than "kurwa" none of that text means anything to me.
Death of Sniečkus (head of Lithuanian communist collaborators) in 1970s.
Partly
Yes
Maybe not relevant now but from next June roaming should not be charged more than the price you pay in the country you got the sim from
And no - not all US cities adopted numbering
[I like how the author's wiki page in English] says he's Polish-Lithuanian, Lithuanian page says he's Lithuanian and the Polish page says he's Polish.
Jelly is rare though and most stuff that is made from only juices is called "džemas" anyway.
City, never
New York is made as a one word into Niujorkas (pronunciation is the same except for as in the end), but cities like New Orleans called Naujasis Orleanas (Naujasis - New in Lithuanian)
(Also no to giving us to Russia)
[Let's look at the stats
I hate šaltibarščiai
Maybe after 1 or 2 years that would be the case, but not now
I was just reminded of this thing we used to do in my yard in the early 90s: take colorful candy wrappers or flowers, lay them in a hole in the ground and cover it with a shard of glass, then put the soil back in the hole and try to make it inconspicuous.
* Bialystok – Balstogė
Those are some stupid high costs you got there
100 – šimtas, 200 – du šimtai, 300 – trys šimtai, …, 900 devyni šimtai
Well, since atleast I've been going to school
Otherwise just do what you like and stick with it until sun comes out again
&#x200B;
Are you going to talk about  how you were the coolest person in your group of friends, or are you going to change and accept the fact that you're not as great as you were before
Or is it one sided arrangement where "eastern" europeans go and die for your wars, when you are lazy enough to let some of your soldiers to hang around that region?
Also, don't do calculations on a phone if you have butterfingers.
Amazing, I really like it
> And the Lithuanian government discriminates against them and is trying to forcefully Lithuanise them
Three oldest justices are 78, 80, and 83 years old.
But still cannot into Lithuania....
What would the chance be for a proton and attracted to an electron via the coulomb force if noone in the universe found out this relationship
It's the cute bow that does it.
As it recently turned out, we had a secret CIA prison in Lithuania, right next to the capital city
Polish labour is cheap, there are millions of Poles, also you make things like these
Right side close to middle and flip it 90 degrees.
We can't pull money out of our ass, it needs time to recover.
– fostering national concord in the land of Lithuania,
Wrong title, but dope church and harbour.
Dont sit to a taxi out of the airport
When the live TV showed NATO fighter jets landing for the first time (symbolic, but still), I felt a weight lifting - a hidden weight I never knew I carried
Could you at least figure out what to do with the nuclear waste
Hey, your government is 100X better than Russia's.
In Lithuania there is a choice between religious studies (focused on Catholisism) and Ethics
I checked Lithuania (where I am now) and there's nothing related to Pokémon
I haven't really studied it all the way through school and now university.
Should stop invading neighbours then.
Encouraging all the immigrants to settle in Prussia
We had our anti-Soviet war too late, not like Finns
I am not good with former UK colonies politics.
Also we don't have many mcdonald's. Only one Mcdonald's in Klaipėda (100k inhabitants) is an insult and the lines are always super long
No, because they are our allies.
Pigeons were eaten too, however they were considered the cheap, lowest class food, so they're not eaten anymore
Aww, thanks :)
Getting rid of Russian military and nuclear weapons
Interesting
Only starting from the 8th students finally had an option to rent a locker
I am more angry how the Lithuanians and Estonians are leading.
I would have thought that boomers are those who were on the streets during the August Putsch and the younger generations are complacent with the TV narrative
God damn I am embarrassed to say this
They're really cool and have that 80's vibe
Sitting on your sofa is not the same in jeans and sweatpants or comfy shorts
He was born and grew up in the Soviet Union, worked in the government back then and now he often praises those "glorious days".
Computers can just do it faster than us
We are the only countries that have any baltic languages left
Kovas named after this bird štis)
I've been lucky to have been in very comforting hospitals, attentive doctors, useful group therapy and the newest medical treatments that aren't always affordable for the average American.
Estonian and Latvian (and to a degree Lithuanian) peasants ate it as their main dish as they were under harsh serfdom and lacked anything better.
" means "to swear
In Lithuania we had a referendum and the majority of participants voted in favor of dual citizenship, but referendum failed because only 37% of eligible voters turned out for this referendum
But in general they are needed now to Europe
I think that's supposed to be Spruce not Scots pine.
I suggest everyone get [this book] After all people complaign that nobody knows how EU works
I've read an article in Lithuanian about a scholar, former editor, then managing director of a literary magazine, who left his stressful and thankless job in literature and management, and went to trade school to train as a welder
All I see is speculation and no actual facts.
This year it looks extra fancy :)
Adj   adj   noun  noun  verb
Y'all have been banned from /r/hesburger
This gives them a much greater variety in taste, plus southern dishes look more presentable
When Vilnius is mentioned love or friendship between Lithuanians and Poles ends faster than you can say "Wilno nasze".
• Antanas Smetona (the first president of Lithuania, who later became an authoritarian ruler )
The fermented milk is typically the issue with šaltibarščiai
Edit: awesome to know how many of you guys can take a joke
You are correct, just few things to note.
we also have the Lietuvių kalbos inspekcija, the Language Inspection of the Lithuanian Language.
This is why I can't think of a single tourist trap that exists here
It's like saying every Pole born in USA is immediately only American, strip all heritage.
Or just anything Swedish in General
One Lithuanian truck driver has a youtube channel, posts daily videos about his work
It's a person we shared with our countrymen from Poland and Belarus in the time of Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth.
In case of Lithuania there is Baltic Air Policing (NATO), Frontex (EU agency), and Lithuanian border guard service.
I don't think it specifically related to Klaipėda.
I mean, that sounds about as likely as any.
They probably still keep using good practices (see no reason why they should not) the one thing that is also hard to predict is voter turnout.
A HUGE variety of potato dishes can be found all over Europe and the world.
Smart people have no time for blind hatred
It is a mind-numbingly gigantic country.
Indeed, they will definitely attack it/try to weaken it.
Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
In our prison system there was a slang for people who come from Vilnius to call them Portuguese, because Vilnius is a multicultural city so they just called them Portuguese to joke that they are foreigners.
I wouldn't mind personally
Also should have noted: how often do you speak about Latvia and Lithuania?
I have never been here before, and my only two visits were layover between planes from Vilnius to Shanghai and back
Vardas Vardenis isn’t really used, the modern one is Vardenis Pavardenis.
Trains
* Jonas Žemaitis
And this name got kinda main stream that even people who have nothing to do with prisons know this joke)
I really doubt anyone in Lithuania is "waiting" for an invasion.
Inflation is de facto the change in consumer prices in a country.
From the more common ones: Vandenilis (H), Azotas (N), Deguonis(O), fun fact about it: deguonis in lithuanian is literally "something that burns"), Auksas (Au), Sidabras (Ag), Anglis (C), Helis (He)
They coexisted in the same region for thousands of years.
> Unless ofcourse you want to argue that we should have been a kingdom if not for our stolen crown /s
Other than those 2 months it just stinks
Lithuanian guerrillas who fought against Soviets are considered legit military veterans these days
Abolished in 1998
People literally invented ethnicity as a concept.
"Jazzu" is probably the best thing we have going on right now:
Would you say the average person can speak both but just prefers Russian, or does Russian completely dominate to the point where Belarusian is just more of a ceremonial language
It was neat
With all the work simulator games that they are making I wouldn't be surprised if they do
We just fuck
Since around 1200 until 1800 Belarus was mostly under Lithuanian rule, so much of GDL/Commonwealth's history is also a part of Belarusian history, too
I find it highly unlikely that ppl in the US loves Lithuania or know of the country.
When she showed that Hitler salute it didn't even occur to me that it could possible become something very controversial, because the entire show was basically about her acting insane and funny.
Also, we didn't invent, but make really good lasers and their parts
Main and highest paid professions are (lowest to highest paid:
This is Vilnius, they do make that.
But I have a sudden urge to travel
Kinda suck if people have slower internet speed and drop
And we don't want another migrant wave this time from UA
We also use "š" in "budapest". It would be "budapeštas" in lithuanian
Lithuania has almost passed the 30k mark.
But grandparents and sometimes parents make tiny jokes that if u dont have somebody to share a bed with, its either: youre gay if you are male; youre gonna regret not having kids earlier or be "old hag" if youre female
You can't take Meme out of Memelland.
>wich religion will be predominant
Or do you weight yourself in 12
Oh shush, there are plenty of places on Reddit where religion is respected and even most of those who don't respect religion dislike it as ideology and don't hold contempt for the people involved
Like the very submission we're commenting under that shows Greek average salary to be almost 30% higher than Lithuania's?
Besides life in Lithuania is far better for average Joe than that in Russia.
What a polished pun
Thats fine, but we are still stacked as 3
Are we (Lithuania) allowed to be in Northern Europe now
I would say I am above average PC user from a broad population, but give me a mac and I will strugle with some basic tasks (I think I only used mac once in my life)
The test and maybe treatment idk is free in Lithuania
Only 2/6 Cyan coloured countries are Slavic.
Watched basketball in an arena to support the boys
And all the accidents were their fault
that was said in brackets
I prefer walking though
Even if you leave the country it will follow you wherever you go.
Latvian is the only alive language left that's similar to ours :p
Some irresponsible adults bring in meth and coke to schools for an extra buck
Probably Joninės. I think it's called St
They're expensive
Yes, there is nothing that the state does better than private enterprises.
Call Lithuania nation of 'Jew killers'.
_Baltic way intensifies_
We are living in an era of unprecedented peace, and there are more tools for easy killing than their ever was.
In your language, how do you call Macedonia officially?
But it is becoming more touristy every year it feels like.
ah yes
Do realize the United States is larger than Ireland, the UK, Portugal, Spain, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, Belarus, Poland, Germany, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria, Italy, Slovenia, Croatia, B&H, Montenegro, Albania, Macedonia, Greece, Bulgaria, Serbia, Hungry, Romania, Moldova, and the Ukraine combined???
Thanks for the information - sounds like the academic opposition is centered in Lithuania too, which makes me question the motives a little bit and if you don't mind expanding a little bit; were/are the academics known to have nationalistic worldviews?
And some dialectal words can be found:
There is a joke from the soviet times, specifically about Chechoslovakia and USSR
I forgot about Visaginas, whoose population mostly speaks russian
The thing is that in russian "Navsegda" (Навсегда) means "forever" and sounds very similar to Nauseda
These two basically sum up our entire existence: being europe's last forest people and suffering from destruction of nature
Are you sure you have the right symbol on that red flag of yours?
Or German instead of Lithuanian.
I don't really know about the meaning of the male ending -ius, -is, -as(like in Valinčius, Grigutis, Kazlauskas), but what I do know is the female ending -ienė and -iūtė is changed when the woman is married(for example a married woman will be Valinčienė, but her daughter will be Valinčiūtė. When the daughter gets married and the husband will have the same surname[Valinčius] her surname will change to Valinčienė)
Those are strong words coming from a Romanian.
Is anyone seriously doubting the US would balk at Article 5?
Kind of inaccurate
What you are doing is hopelessly trying to prove that your dick is 0.00000000000001 mm bigger.
Driving the Warsaw-Berlin route will numb your brain, be sure to have some entertainment.
Thank you for ruining my day
years ago to see the dinosaurs
Valletta, Malta
Poetically it's Kangars (a poetic synonym in Latvian language for "traitor"), a fictional character from a national epic, a pagan holy man who sold out to the christian crusaders to replace old gods with christianity.
Most of the clipps forgot about R and Th sounds, which are not present here, so I guess it's a bit difficult to learn them
Yes, I'm sure as some of my relatives has lost it already.
My friends might sometimes go 'wow, your skin is so white
Lithuania wants to erase its ugly history of Nazi collaboration—by accusing Jewish partisans who fought the Germans of war crimes.
As it recently turned out, we had a secret CIA prison in Lithuania, right next to the capital city
If someone breaks in, they're not getting caught.
I am absolutely NOT okay
History - brown
I’m afraid that they still have negative feelings toward the rest of us
Then we learn about the German surrender, the peace terms, the Nuremberg trials, and then finally there's one small page on what Japan did and about how it was nuked
Duck is often served with cranberry jam and goose meat is often used along with pig meat in "zrazai", which are these lithuanian meatballs
I'm surprised it's not the muslims or  jews who threw a fit about the pig
Most of the countries in the list are small and don't give a flying f*ck - just like those tiny psycho dogs which yip and bite without fear
There was this kid I knew in high school who's biggest pride was in the fact that he was from Lithuania.
This may or may not be referring to new plant they're building.
I think same can apply for our European identity, having similarities and differences and accepting each other as fellow Europeans and their culture as part of European culture.
No, only from state sponsored channels and pre approved view points.
Yes, you can even ask to write your ethnicity to the passport, but in means nothing in legal sense
Muffled bouzouki to the south and balalaika to the north
Same is with MS office programs, its intuative untill its not
Our countries then *regained* de facto (but not de iure, because de iure we were still independent-but-illegally-occupied by the Soviet Union) independence in 1989-1990.
are there a bunch of cows doing the sirtaki on the big cow?
I was just thinking about why Estonia is given to Germany when every other contry near it should be taken by Russia and it occured to me that the book is from late 1990s when at one point they were closer to joining EU than Latvia, if that was the case with Lithuania and Poland then I suspect it's meant that there will be two groups of satelite states - Germany will dominate EU and Russia will have it's (now very half baked, but established) Eurasian Union
Lithuanian paramilitaries sided with Germans are created and then dispersed in 1944
According to [this] Estonia should indeed be covered by a single NUTS 2 region, but why Latvia and Lithuania aren't separated into two like Slovenia is beyond me, since NUTS2 usually have slightly above 1m inhabitants.
Shutting off won't change a thing as long as the battery is connected.
I don't know much about you, but I know that you guys haven't messed up, so that alone elevates you above many many countries.
Besides, times change
"No accent" in Lithuania essentially means to speak standardized form of the language, which is the only "proper" Lithuanian we teach all kids in school.
In general Lithuanians mostly meme about going back to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, which was the biggest country in Europe at the time, stretching from the baltic to the black seas
Dude, you have like, serious issues.
But the people are sick of experts!
Then their family of friends hear it, some of them decide to pick it up and start using it as well, and that's how words are born
Chapos lierally enraged rn, saying that this sub is fashist because of this post, lmao
-nebeprisivalgiuosiuose - inside people that haven't eaten enough,
I myself didn't like Lidl at start because I could not find the groceries I am used to buying
It says that Lithuania is and always was pro EU and does not want to for EU to divide.
had all the cards in the brexit vote whereas Scotland has none here.
Or just shoot them all without saving anyone.Such policy has been shown to work very well in Australia.
Well the problem I guess is that peasant has a negative meaning in English, but *valstietis* does not in Lithuanian, we have *baudžiaunikas* that has a negative meaning and is translated to peasant.
They had social and professional relationships with their neighbors, but the Haskalah only ever affected a very small element of the Jewish population, specifically the urban wealthy Jews.
On a slightly serious note, I'd drop the green, it would only seem apropriate to use heraditary colours.
And it has to do with Europe fuck all
Personally, I can't take the Jamaican accent seriously.
same
Coming from a country that is completely unknown even in many places in Europe (mistaken for Lithuania at best), when traveling further abroad I would always carry a small map with my country highlited and its name written in their language.
Just pretend that you are here just to ask some questions
If he had a home in Lithuania it would quite possibly be given to a russian family or someone who is loyal to the communist party.
Germany
I wonder how different would it look if we did build a new one.
USSR government tried banning receivers capable of receiving that signal, so people built their own out of spare parts
If you have kids or a partner then a different setup would probably be better
Ans it turns out they have no good beers to even drown the sadness
Poor poor Estonia ;( What can they do to change the ignorant Nordics
How Finland bravely resisted in contrast to our own folding under pressure from the Soviets
When politicians think they have more of a right to not be pepper sprayed than an average citizen
They should start this "decolonization" process by moving back to their respective countries.
Estonians are weird, just like their Finnish cousins.
There's Laumes, which are women, kinda similiar to the Ladies of the Wood from the witcher 3
I think someone here mentioned that Latvian bottles work in Lithuania even though they don't (?) have a deposit system, lol
Somewhere, some time, someone uses a word for the first time, inventing a new word
We have some that are very similar(basically the same) to other instruments that our neighbours have (like [kanklės] or [skudučiai] but the only instrument that is really unique to Lithuania is probably [skrabalai]
They won't be sponsoring them anymore if they won't be able to advertise there.
When they gets hold of that post
How rude not to answer when someone is calling.
They are similar or the same in most cases, but EU could try to make driving rules for the whole block (from things like speed limits to what color is the line separating opposing traffic) This could potentially push autonomous vehicle's development and would make easier entry to market (especially smaller ones like Lithuania)
Charlie Brooker's 2016 Wipe 29/12/2016
Heij felauw baltik brau
I loved the way he writes
It makes sense cause they automatically have gun permits, have to live by higher moral standards, are extremely trusted by the public
> Tourism would be massively improved by the removal of tourism
Smartphone: [ – Shanghai World Financial Center and Jin Mao Tower captured by myself last summer
I am not saying its not functional and by goverment I mean more than parliament
what about replacing the 458 with a zonda tricolore
Also are you triggered when someone says that you are Baltic country not Scandinavian
The most confusing would probably be some sentence with seperable verbs, like:
Krašto apsaugos ministerija, litterally the 'Land Security Ministry'. Official English name is 'Ministry of National Defence'.
While this American problem is a good opportunity to give some thought to racism, true justice and equality, there is no excuse for things like protests/hooliganism against the European police, especially in Latvia
My first choice was Denmark but my university didnt send me there.
Propaganda doesn't have to be misleading.
Not very
Petersburg, becouse that's where the country was situated
why did you remove all the posts about muslims youths rioting in a church in Vienna ?
Will and when data of this survey be available to everyone?
Oh yeah this guy, wonder if he still passes one billion mark, because he had some disputes with others in his group about financial disputes
Most of the kids born after 85-86 don’t speak it unless they set out to learn it in school or have Russian parents
Lithuanians, Belarussians, Ukrainians, Polish, Jewish, Karaims, Tatars, all lived together in this country.
Nah we are statistically religious.
How can you use twitch for that
Į really enjoy shiey's content and he's hella famous, but almost bone of the lithuanians watch him
People don't realize that when they sneeze they all speak Lithuanian.
Belgium
I don't think that is true, but Latvians would probably have an easier time learning Lithuanian than vice versa.
We 'owed' them compensation so that's why EU has paid for large parts of the electricity interconnections between Lithuania and Sweden/Poland.
> More proper would be "Es ist mir eine Ehre ..."
(I’m sure other ex-soviet bloc countries can relate)
Let's kidnap 2 guys from the UN peacekeeping force and drop them in Lithuania before the next report.
Had we helped out "the threat from the east" would not have existed
Definitely Klaipėda city, Western Lithuania in general also
To destroy NATO and the EU by any means possible.
Do you seriously think that
I sometimes play Italy or Switzerland just because I like those countries for some reason.
Well yes
[Yes] you're right, [Lietuvininkai we're born]#/media/File:Wilhelm1.jpg).
Or Lithuania during the Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth.
There are even some historians who argue that Jagiello was more connected with Lithuania than Poland throughout his entire rule.
You won't need water if you suffocate either.
Otherwise, I've no idea
This is not one of those artworks
What?We call it white salad..I've never heard anyone call it "lietuviška mišrainė" in my life..
- I need *click*
Also, a family wearing matching jackets (skiing, hiking, mountaineering): Swedish/Nordic
This isn't about letting or not letting, this is about liking it or not liking it
That part of the world is most definitely part of your history
Later that night I went to explore Riga, it's pretty cute
I dunno man that sounds normal to me.
The Israelis are trying to find new land to build for their population, while the Arabs have already had huge territory.
Lithuanian-Russians do not immigrate to Russia, there are better countries in Europe to choose from.
Love my baltic brother and poles and their culture, simply amazing
[Yep] this picture dedicates the aftermath of the failed January 1863 Uprising.
I assume you just want to chat?
Pretty cool place, funny thing was how many Lithuanians I met there.
Get up at like 7, go to school at 7:50 (I live really close by, but I know some people who have to wake up at around 5:30)
Yup, 1 case confirmed, can't find pasta in stores
Supports or denies any crimes against humanity, commited by the USSR, China or other totalitarian socialist republics
We got LiDL not long ago (in 2016)(and LiDL is the best thing that happened to humanity)
(※) Edit - meant fridges
Very warm, honest and helpful
Austria
The prices are pretty much same between two.
I'd simp for Belarus
Unless Russia would decide to attack, but then that decision was done long before this
Some try to talk to their kids, some shove some books and pads in their faces (tampons are
This is basically where Santa lives according to 75% of the world
It’s that other countries credit only Poland’s part in the battle
Russia is curently suffing sever economic and demographic depression.What's valuable is in Lithuania?
This is freaking me out
But their words are out of place
Quite a lot of people hang historical flag instead of tricolour during various national celebrations.
By no means is he good, but good channels like Vox turned into such a propaganda machines it's crazy
Idk if it's a local saying, so I put the dialect version in too
I don't think so
Jews are more loyal to Israel than to [this country/the countries they live in]*
No, but again it's probably possible to buy it here
well, nationality in this case ment exactly the same as ethnicity
I really like the colours of the Lithuanian flag.
So this may be the mojor problem then.
Personally I hear this idiom way more than "Chinese"
Sometimes i check how one or another thing is called in lithuanian
Russians about how they drink alot
As time went by I got better with it by watching more cartoons and using the Internet
What is the role of the German president then
Other Grand dukes names are also strong like *Gediminas* *Vytautas*
I love Rialto too
Slight mistake there, "Su gimtadieniu, Lietuva!" would be correct.
Support from Lithuania
To note his wonderful contribution to society I will tattoo his name
I was referring more to the concept of the "assault weapon" using an intermediary rifle cartridge
When the communists came to power in the 1940s, they had to accept the strong position of the Church.
The trigger to WWI
It was all mainly a catch-up, no deep discussions
Or Lithuanian in its more natural and original form before grammar nazis created that artificial russian sounding dialect you have in the east today
It is quite common along side with polish in the south-east of the country (mainly in the capital city Vilnius and surrounding territories)
Not really, they had cultural superiority but not political
Yeah, greenhouse gases increase earthquakes.
Yes, and if you do a EU kind of world (instead of NATO) then it makes sense
100LTL for a T-shirt
New in vitro fertilization law which would in essence ban in vitro fertilization, is big here.
Just thought it could be interesting :)
Lithuania, everyone I know supports gay marriage but not the damn govmt, hence not cool
Total bs
International trade with developed networks (when in the 16-th century the Brits chopped down all the yew trees used for making longbows, they started importing staves from the Baltic Hanza towns)
My country is 99.99% white, separation based on colour looses any meaning it might have had under situations such as these.
If you are the receiver, you get an SMS or E-mail with the PIN
Europe is a fucking continent.
* Ongoing trial of several politicians and parties
[Thatcher had a good relationship with Gorbachev and she was keen to ensure that no force was used on Lithuania and also she quickly welcomed Lithuanian leaders to the UK for talks.]
i love rabbit
My mistake
And why they used Hitler so casually.
* Negotiations on withdrawing Russian military
Correct
Mother's co-worker is from South Africa.
Every country has at least two groups of people with cultural differences, we can talk what I am Lithuanian, but I am Highland Lithuanian, a group different from Lowland Lithuanians(Samogitians).
Honestly, have you all tried demanding the truth and transparency, investigating the claims, and not giving in for corruption
Come one Russian news channels are the bestest source of facts^^^TM out there.
10^9 Milijardas/Bilijonas (interchangeable)
Yea, my conservatives are some of the most socially liberal
Could be world changing revelation
Moreover, when she was trying to get a driving license, she was asked why she went to a psychologist at the age of 10
I grew up in the Soviet Union
I'd say it's pretty common all around europe
I'd expect it to be in the context of gender equality hatred.
Go to swear yourself
Ah it's shit anyway just go to Latvia, it's less infested with Lithuanians.
Is the western and northern side not very fond of Latgalians
It all depends on the wind really
Light, self-ironic, goofy, sometimes so ridiculous it doesnt make sense
We already learned it the hard way by allowing them to have Soviet troops in Lithuania, after which they just straight up annexed us
You started that exceptionally late
Asking for help is frowned upon
Old German men actually wear long black socks with sandals
If you want to give your kid a more "exotic" name or a rare name from another language, you need to proof that it's actually a real name and not a letter combination you threw together with dart after 5 beer
You need an outside force, like Putin's military.
Thank you all for rewards
We are forever grateful
I went to Germany a few weeks ago, stayed near the alps
I've seen another pole elsewhere saying that it is allowed only during first trimester, which means a doctor needs to rule that there is a threat to the life of a mother in 12 weeks after conception, which means it is basically banned as well as it is unlikely to happen even if you try, because there is not enough time
We eat pizza with ketchup in lithuania too wtf is it weird
They have Baltid face type, light hair/eyes and all that.
The LSDP is still the larger party (17,000 members compared to 3,000 members for the LSDDP), but the party split hurt the LSDP's membership in parliament I believe; they will probably pick up more seats in the upcoming election though
Ketchup is more expensive than a tube of concentrated tomato paste and a packet of dry basil
As if when petrol cars crash they are perfectly fine and never explode.
Thankfully some credits transfered.
Lithuanian Folk Song - Saulė Rieda Dangumi (The Sun Is Rolling Through The Sky)
And she still wonders about, why europe has declining birth rates, poverry etc
In Lithuania dairy products are like our thing.
But I don't want all that CO2 locally, just send it to Amazon, there is a big forest there, it will absorb it
We do really like to separate women in available and unavailable categories.
Stanislaus sounds vaguely Lithuanian I suppose?
The amount of red has really strong associations with communism and most people don't want to be reminded of the thing that weakened our country so much
I think it depends on the individual cat.
Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Ireland, Austria, The Netherlands, Belgium, Finland and, yes, France and Germany.
>And the other one is:"Iti rakom zvizgat" which means: "to go whistle to crabs".
Whereas, the Tricolour importantly represents the Lithuanian People and the First Republic of Lithuania whose independence was restored in the 1990.
Otherwise it just could be the houndreds of pretty churches
the poll was done by yougov, considering that labour and tvarka underperformed, and that the main campaign promise of Valstieciai is basically a WHO recommendation, they aren't that populist.
I am 22 so please enlighten me and everyone else.
Old people may feel some nostalgia because they were younger back then, but of course very few people would want to live under oppressive and genocidal dictatorship with failing economy
One day we will beat Estonia and then we will beat them again by joining Nordics faster than them (we don't really care about being Nordic we just like winning)
You'll still find very few people wanti.g to restrict the power of the government in europe.
In Lithuania instead of rock we use a well
They're growing 7.1 times more cows though
I'd simp for Belarus
It would definitely take time because moving things like that is complicated, but they would leave.
What you did was invent the first succesful assault rifle in StG-44 and the first succesful submachine gun in MP 18
Folders, colors
So they will take a hard brexit (even having it as possibility gives them better negotiation stance with EU) just to please the brexiters and when the remainers complain about the bad deal they will defend themselfs with referendum results.
Latvia does not have red
The Gediminas Castle
alcohol, antivirus with backdoors for FSB.
Officially, it was independant.
It's interesting to see that E.Lucas is able to find both bad and good in many things.
* Jogaila (Jagiełło in Polish) (The ruler who started baptising lithuanians)
I don't consider all Poles, Lithuanians, Latvians, Romanians, etc to be Hitlers.
[somewhat of a job.] And then you have to stay somewhere, which not everyone can afford.
Is this how mosquitos feel
They still seem pro EU at the end even though officially they are pro nationalism
Proof: They left Lithuania for other EU countries, not for their home!
Polite, cordial, tidy, they're more British than some Britons.
in Lithuanian it would be Didžioji Britanija.
Nope, you'll get a fine or prison time (up to two years).
Are especially anti-europe, conservative and most importantly - Pro Putin
It says you can go from Paris to Warsaw without changing the train, but on the map the only connection to Warsaw is through Budapest?
But I don't consider that cold, for me anything below -10 is cold which almost doesn't happen anymore
That's pretty much it, after all that we move on to the cold war
Divka - CZ girl, PL whore
Because most often the PM is a member of parliament, they are the chief legislator of the nation
A You're being intentionally obtuse
And they do keep them alive
I can't believe how many are blaming others for what is clearly something unworkable to begin with.
Nah, neither of those trees are older than 25 years.
So I wouldn't say that list is very accurate
>Litwo, Ojczyzno moja
Eh I gave up on comment sections of anything.
Nice to you (plurar or formal) / you (singular informal) get acquainted
Can't exactly search on Discord
THE BEST CITY EVER (biased because I'm from it) people here think they like art and jazz very much
3 - trys,
Can Lithuania turn brain drain into brain gain?
Well, with that attitude
An idiot that shouldn't have as much money as he likes to boast about.
As for gunning down boats I doubt that would be necessary a blockade combined with infiltration of boat smuggler rings would probably be enough.
Other than software or specific industry tools I kinda doubt that.
It truly is a secret language
There was a tribe called Lithuanians, which gave the name to modern lithuania, and their language was the most similiar to modern lithuanian, so understanding it would be easier than, say Curonians, or Yotvingians
Here's my personal picks:
What is the code of conduct for a proper goat?
Words change meanings based on how people use them.
Germany has the most internet restrictions in EU too.
My vote goes to Latvia
I think [this] was pretty much the only mainstream pop song from my country that I really liked in the past 5-6 years.
Why not Estonia
Spices are literally poisons meant to protect the plant from bacteria and insects, Humans are simply not affected by them because we're too big
There were many attempts to split the Church, the clergy experienced repressions, etc., but the communists never really managed to destroy it, while Polish society remained religious.
* However some companies do not sell tickets online – then I have to purchase them in the ticket counters of bus stations (cash or card) or from the driver (95% of cases only cash)
Yes, some speak French, some speak German and some speak Java
Imagine if no one was allowed to invent new names anymore and ~20% of the male population was named some local version of John, etc
Sure, it gave many nations independence
and
(Bars, even outside bars don't count as a public place)
There's maybe half of a page dedicated to it in our history books.
Well done
That's their ideology, so yes
Pretty much every country in Europe has same history as Russia - defending against foreign forces, almost all have similar geographic position, Russia is no way special and history in no way is excuse for their non-stop imperialistic ambitions.
Ignorance of your knowledge on Lithuanian history under Nazi regime.
I really like the band Kælan Mikla
years ago to see the dinosaurs
One boasts about being "a multicultural and open city" and the other boasts about being "true and authentic Lithuanian" city.
Naktinės personos - Pasaulis toks yra
Most of the country makes fun of [these guys] Though I personally find [people from Panevezys] having the funniest accent.
Lithuania has one of the best basketball teams in Europe.
But this one is not a stereotype as stereotypes have at least some truth in them
Do these names have any discernible meaning
Specify in laws that Russian is one of the official state languages.
Owner of the means of production decides what happens with the production
Aš esu ne tik profesionaliai treniruotas ir pasirengęs rankų kovai, bet aš turiu prieigą prie viso Lietuvos ginkluotų pąjėgų arsenalo ir galiu jį pilnai panaudoti sutraiškyti tave stipriau nei žuvėdus prie Salaspilio, tu neraliuota bamba.
It's a huge generalisation, but I think if you'd go off of a statistic, your roommate would be right to an extent
Most people here understand that this was always one of the possible outcomes (and a likely one if she choses to listen to her voters demands)
It does look intuative to a degree, one good example is gaming
I'm used to hear them say "pizda" instead which is universally understood in Central and Eastern Europe.
If you mean in comparison to the fate of Poles and other nations in the east, than less harshly, but this was not lottery like who is gonna die on who's gonna stay.
Smaller roads suck, but still not too bad
Because it wants a long and extremely detailed prenuptial agreement.
There's also nightingales
- To put everyone in prison
So in dutch elections thats a lot.
"So, what's your secret
In fact, the trade went so far, that baltic amber jewlery has been found in the middle east, and middle eastern jewlery has been found in lithuania
We are going to get a reserve of 30-40k with an active duty professional army of 15k soldiers(approx) (we are planning to increase the number of professional active duty soldiers, and 15k is not the number we are going to stop at, I think) until 2019 because of this(it is going to be a mixed professional and conscript army, like in Finland and Estonia).
Belarus - Gudija (sometimes)
What could be done to fix this?
Soviet Union was another incarnation of Russia just like Russian Empire or Russian Federation
Para
So many accidents and deaths occured, yet still nothing
I don't know stereotype which is true , but PLEASE stop calling us Soviet or Russian
This number is much lower in rapidly aging/ emptying rural areas, but there number residents/ schools is much lower than in cities
And no, I'm not going to talk about 2+2=5 because I told you it doesn't run parallel with the original argument, which is about circumcision.
There's no winter here
Pūkas literally translates to "fluffy". [Total Chad
Latvian, Lithuanian and Estonian: USSRentry.
High quality wines happen to be cheaper in Sweden, than in many places
Hitler organised to build new Chancellery and they were connected by that Fuhrerbunker
Saulė (sun) - feminine, mėnulis (moon) - masculine
Christianization happened over 100 years later.
They sued to receive a refugee status, because they were refused one.
You expect me to leave my job to sleep in the forest at -15 degrees, running around exhausted with a gun that I want to point right at my own fucking face
This is stunning
In Lithuania it started snowing in November
Sumuštinis (sandwich) - the beaten one
Usually there are 9 or 12 meals.
The same could follow for Belarus or better depends how this all goes down
Our names for Latvia and Lithuania confuse me all the time.
He thinks Eesti can into Nordic and in past at least did all sorts of mental gymnastics to prove it, including saying that Baltic region is named for languages and therefore only Latvia and Lithuania are Baltic.
surprisingly good guy belarus
Some of the scientists says, that one of the most popular name is literally a shortened form of "bread")
I didnt even know that being part of latvian ssr would feel so insulting
Most prominent is Samogitian
I think that it's not even close to a triangle in shape.
We don't have names like this, but we say these as synonims to "I am going to the toilet":
A place like any other
In Lithuania we get slow at least for a couple of weeks during winter, and usually in March as well, now I live in UK and there's virtually no snow at all.
I don't know much about cars, but mine doesn't have a problem starting up
I mean the quality is great
close to 50/50
o.O You're an ex-, not a brother.
* Veliky Novgorod – Didysis Naugardas
Lit-land would be pretty Lit too
When discussing history with russian friends, some times we argue till we go home
Our former speaker of the Seimas (Lithuanian version of speaker of the house) Loreta Graužinienė once pronounced our country Lieva instead of Lietuva, and Lieva just translates to shitty or loser, it is a feminine adjective
extremely hard to put it nicely.
2018-02-16 is Lithuania’s Independence day 100 year anniversary
at the start we'd be the star and later we'd get all of our food put on our plate by Poland
You should not have attempted translating yourself:
And in 1000 years no one will live in Lithuania, it will be completely abandoned like Chernobyl.
Yes, we say 'Čekija' and I never understood the point of using the full name in this context
If you have the permit you may have it on your body, for example in a holster hidden from view, as you drive
Let me try my hand at the way you argue :
All of your population is made up of immigrants.
Estonia or Norway
she lives there
I think every country likes to make jokes about neighbouring countries
I mean, according to Wikipedia it's Belarus
I'm no authority on the polish side of this question so take it with a grain of salt
*braliukas* moment
Lithuania had the highest suicide rate in 2012 now it's 4th...
After all Lithuania has African colours.
Seriously what were the pilots thinking flying over a war zone
Yes but Scottish goverment is not the same as fully functioning goverment
keltas - celt person/ferry boat
So it's same thing like with Grand Duchy of Lithuania, which was a Belarusian state with a Lithuanian name
They just chuck your bags under the plane if there's no space in the cabin though.
We don't consider you our enemies too
Litai (our previous currency, 1Lt is about 0
Middle names are very rare
Everyone would win
I would aim for Netherlands or Denmark, but as far as I know you need to speak Danish to work in Denmark, could be wrong.
We don't have mansions in Lithuania.
Maybe the Brits colonised a quarter of the world because they were bad at geography
You actually have quite a few marching bands, they're just not as popular as in the US
I love how in Latvian "Nauda" means "money" and in Lithuanian it means "benefit".
* continued genocidal deportations until \~1953
~25% to our current 4
Except for the Ethiopian, of course.
Baltics: Y'all feel something
At worst, they may be unable to use "Lithuanian communist party" as a name.
And why you don't want UA to choose where they want to be?
wow they don't even pixelate human faces on yandex!
Fun fact about the name Audra - when it's a given name, it changes inflection
Ottoman Empire was nothing compare to Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth when it came to tolerance.
Also we always cheer at a beating of a [fat man] And then we burn [a woman] This year it's in February, come visit, it's fun :)
Yay, it's independence day
Here is a citation from a [wiki:]#Soviet_period_.281947.E2.80.931990.29) According to journalist and future LKL employee Arūnas Pakula, "We felt like an occupied nation.
Interesting
This is an EU law, but will affect Switzerland too.
Preservative (prezervatyvas) means condom in Lithuania
So it's essentially an Iron Curtain thing.
In German the word "Curve" is "die Kurve" which in Lithuanian (thanks to polish "kurwa") sounds almost like "a whore".
(proto indo european) The languages split thats why its now two different families...
More or less, we tried, but fighting strong countries (sometimes against both Sweden and Russia), and being in between a few countries isn't easy
**Stanisław Narutowicz** was brother of first Polish president - Gabriel Narutowicz, who supported Lithuanian independence, one of the twenty signatories of the Act of Independence of Lithuania, who didn't want Poland and Lithuania to be one nation again because he knew Poland would fully over take the unified country again.
>	By the same logic you might just make up your own language
Procedures are the same for everyone
Mainly St
But National Geographic totally hit my taste with that girl.
Yeah but there's nothing there to be a reason to "go to Lithuania for"
Dont you do that [
The crazy thing is this: the word for October is different in Belarussian from Russian
In christian time tales, devil is pure evil, tales revolve around social injustices, morality and daily duties
Austria was neutral during Cold War, yet Soviets had plans ready long ago on how to invade it.
To a Lithuanian, a lot of the Latvian vocabulary is simply very foreign.
Any stereotype that assumes something is universally true in the continent is highly likely to be bullshit
Graži tavo kasa
They didn't pay human traffickers thousands of dollars to take them to Lithuania.
If I had to move, I'd choose Czechia or maybe Lithuania.
Muslims however bring over their extremely restrictive culture and try to force it on others which is extremely annoying to everyone around them.
hmm
For our international friends thats when Soviet soldiers and tanked murdered unarmed Lithuanian citizens
Nuclear power is never going to dissapear.
My family usually uses just salt
I think Poland's data is legal abortions performes in Poland, not abortion tourism to Czechia and Lithuania.
Any recommendations
They just changed all the exams to coursework and if you have questions - you email the lecturers
Oh wait i just realised that i am completely wrong
What he (or at least some Ukrainian nobles) wanted was the Polish-Lithuanian-Ukrainian Commonwealth.
Nooo, you're wayy off, "Kad į tavo subinę elnio ragai Įstrigtų" Is the best, Translation: "May the deer's horns get stuck in your arse
But when it comes to the rest of the country, it is barely spoken by anyone
Lithuanian forest is usually inland, mixed leaf, mostly hilled or flat, which is common everywhere in the world
(the law only applied to those schools) The main reason why uni's said that was because of not so harsh grading Polish student results would have been better than others and that would have played a major role in accepting students to university's.
This number is much lower in rapidly aging/ emptying rural areas, but there number residents/ schools is much lower than in cities
We have sea but we don’t have mountains, it’s all flat
What's up with Lithuania compared to rest of balts?
If anything, it's regional languages that are endangered, but they're getting replaced not by English but by the official languages of the countries where they're spoken
Probably Poland, because Latvia as a country didn’t exist back then, and it probably started like in 1410 or maybe even before that
Octopus is a the least disgusting (and least metal) food compared to these, so no
So we're pretty differnet, but still use the same kinds of "holy places", rituals, etc.
You're wrong, as IQ of 100 is defined as the median IQ.
Self determination in international law applies to nations, not people.
Vadik Raketa Lithuania's Got Talent 2017
He not wrong
Eggs are sold out in shelves/freezers (※) (depends on a supermarket chain), but we keep them in fridge, in 0°C section
Long term this might create issues for owners of those 3-4 room apartments as they are made for families, while other flats in a complex will be populated by renters
But I don't know if pretzels are more popular than [croissants] or donuts.
Here's a [link] for you, I am sure you will understand some of it!
So I suspect that they would not call it theirs.
Also thank you, this means a lot
I dislike it personally because it's shows are copied from USA, Russia
Good for you
I look forward to working with you to advance our shared goals"
Ačiū!
You are all welcome here
I voted for the other liberals, though
While wathing panorama they mentioned that goose demand spikes on Christmas Eve.
So yeah, we've heard a bit about it
This is the best one of all
For some odd reason the older I got the less books we had to carry
You still have to cross the border to EU.
Are the goats also supposed to remain quiet and obedient?
looks like a comic from the early 1900s
I mean, Lithuanian ulta nationalist will just talk about Lithuania, he doesn't care about Poland, Belarus let alone Russia.
Her family interrogates Egles children and the one daughter gives out the secret on how to get in touch with the snake-daddy, who then proceeds to be murdered by the brothers and uncles
- What do i know ,thats none of my business
Just please, I want American parking lot besides my apartment block.
Litva numero dos
No, it's not
I mean some did, when they got shot down during their air raids
Now any news that comes from Lithuania about soldiers behaving badly is written off as fake news.
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia sign Rail Baltica agreement
Lithuanians/Poles: what's your relationship with each other?
He was the military head in Lithuania
Poland is the most Christian country in Europe, not surprising
when Gdansk didn't recognized Stefan Batory
In this case , it pays to be extra scrupulous.
I remember feeling really weird, because I both felt at home and in a foreign place at the same time.
That being said I've never seen anyone suggest Poland to take it
I honestly don't understand why someone would say "Polish death camp" instead of "Nazi death camp" speaking about ww2 genocide.
It's also a number one basis for dinosaur vocalizations apparently they sounded like this
Chłodnik litewski :D or Barščiai in Lithuanian
Yes I do understand what you meant.
Everyone in Denmark knows English very well — even the elderly
If I peppered damn into everything, I'd nevertheless get a quick talking to.
Considering what the Red Army did and what it was used for, good.
Well you are posting on reddit, which is basically a leftist sanctuary
You have to learn at least a couple of foreign languages
We Lithuanians support you whole heartedly ️ and we understand what you going through
A lot of people colloquially call šakotis "baumkuchenas" or "bankuchenas".
that's pretty popular here too
A bit of Karpats belongs to them.
It has snow in the winter and plenty of conifers
And to the best of my knowledge only one mass shooting (brevik) in Europe was committed with a legally owned firearm.
It's not the post alone, I'm guessing that he was an advocate of separation from Russia too, and "inciting violence against mother Russia" is very illegal.
LIETUVA  VALIOOOOOOOOOO
Give us like 20 more years away from Russia.
We have laser industry, time to start building a large black station with turbolaser to ensure stability and our security
The "bring the jobs back" president is demanding NATO members raise their defense spending.
I don't know, my take is a more *communal* feeling
I am an ethnic Latvian even though my blood is as mixed as it could be.
in Punsk area 70% of people are lithuanians), yet this is not depicted on the map.
I went to both of these bands concerts at Mėnuo Juodaragis festival last year and they were both amazing
It's not a dragon though
At least I was told I have somewhat American accent and I spoke English about
Probably CRISPR, admittedly not uniquely Lithuanian since it was also developed simultaneously by Americans and Israelis, but still probably the best scientific contribution from this country
All jokes aside its really loud
Encouraging all the immigrants to settle in Prussia
Also, reddit is a social filter with a higher representation of young, educated part of the population.
Also are you triggered when someone says that you are Baltic country not Scandinavian
Lithuanians tend to keep to themselves, so things like depression usually eat the person up from inside, as they don't go reaching out for help
Join a sports club and you can get a rifled long gun (full auto excluded).
In October 1938, the Munich Agreement, with British and French approval, allowed Germany to take over areas of Czechoslovakia with a significant German minority, the so-called Sudetenland.
Its fine, people eat fries all the time, and those are worse than cepelinai for sure
In the prison of nations everyone had to learn Russian and prior to that people used Polish as lingua franca.
Evil commies here to take our free market!!!11 /s
Invention has an ''unnatural'' connotation to it, i.e it has an element of chance
I seriously started clapping, what a wonderful speech
If you were anything like Hungary, you'd have their nationalism and Lithuania's suicide rate.
I think it's just strawberries with whipped cream
If you are a fan of Machiavelli it is the "right" thing to do.
Japanese saws are cut on pull, but here they are cleverly disguised with western style handles
Example: we joined cccp willingly; belarus is the real lithuania; vilnius belongs to poland
We don't need much, just one state, will take even just half of it and you can even keep all the people to yourself.
Okay so quick look through our main news sites and nobody writes about this.
No, the German public decided to get rid of nuclear energy.
Nr 1 is absolute nonsense
From a European perspective, Slovenia is definitely not in the same group as Estonia and Lithuania, but from an American perspective, they will all be just about equally unusual.
&#x200B;
Yeah, he has Laikykites ten show for Lithianian audience about our internal politics and decided to try branching out a bit.
Also a reason to shit on the new government by calling them Kremlin spies.
>fully automatic rifle
(aka people coming for a touristy stuff and also getting a quick bang by the oddly named volcanoes)
Well done
This is wonderful
I fucking wish
Why would afghans invade russia
* **LVŽS** (49 seats): Rural interests; populist; green-conservatives; centre-right
Baltics got heavily invested from Scandinavia, Belarus is closer to Baltics + Poland that invest there.
But position of power is too aluring and damning
Yeah, but you speak the Slavic language
Today I open the news sites and find out that people now hate her, LRT is the worst channel, and she is the dumbest person in Lithuania.
How Jamala song has to do anything with Russia?
However if all involved parties seeks understanding communication is indeed possible
Why
My family usually uses just salt
as far as I remember, it was a huge mess last time it was held in Ukraine too.
No, at least I always thought of Lithuania as belonging to Eastern Europe
Woah
It's so sad to me that I'm actually impressed that she understands what 1
You can google it, but to truly experience a bitterns song, you have to hear it yourself
Then all the gaming happens in the evening, so I'd need to rent a place to stay, which won't be very cheap in the capital
I'm ordering this issue right now.
Don't know how popular it is but some poeple are trying to revive Paganism
In past few years alot of people switched from smoking to vaping, which has a slightly better reputation
the name was first mentioned in 1009
But Lukashenko is nowhere near as bad as some other regimes like in russia for example.
Here's why I cannot celebrate this.
And we still hate Russia
(maybe Passat is a bit more of a fancier type)
Wont EU force them to accept like we always do for common market and free travel?
"It's real easy, just find a friend who has a D&D group and ask to join, everyone has one" - virtually nobody I've known in real life has even the concept of what a tabletop RPG is, much less actually witnessed a physical board
I really like Liechtenstein and its history ( i even have a great book about it )
Lithuanian houses are pretty big actually.
On the night of January 12th-13th, they started with the TV tower takeover
However, 123 years under Russian rule is has not been enough and we will be fucked by the Soviets for another 5 decades
>and never will
We don't call Poland our brother country, at least I've never ever heard it
I don't think the people who came up with this circlejerk put a lot of thought into it.
Have a nice day :)
Honestly what the hell is wrong with your current goverment?
They're a minority in every place in Lithuania, except for a small town called Visaginas
'Ratas' means 'wheel' in Lithuanian lol
There's 3 in lithuania, byt there's also a huge factory in kazlu ruda, that is being heavily invested in by ikea
It sound like as if she is re doing her English speaking exam again
Now every time i see pink sky’s, it reminds me of him
Even fossil fuel isn't 100% reliable, with renewables you increase the chance of something failing even more, industry is reliant on constant power at this point.
Kaunas - around 300k maybe
pizza with ketchup
In Lithuanian, Saulė - (sun) is a feminine gender, while Mėnulis - (moon) is masculine
When I visited Poland once for a short time, one thing that I really noticed was the ads everywhere.
and you think Kanem Bornu or Songhai or Kilwa, or even Algeria didn't?
It's Robert Zemeckis all over again.
Do you even have embassies outside Denmark?
Ughhhh
Yes, of course we have to work together as EU members, but we really needed an actual plan, not some kind "relocate people to places they don't want to be in, because it doesn't give them sh*t ton of free money".
Technically we have 2 official flags.
Leaving lights on: "Is this a church
I went to Germany a few weeks ago, stayed near the alps
But paint in this case would likely be less effective
Vut the laser part is true tho
4  - keturi,
I can somewhat see the eeriness
That conventional grouping will bring lots of misunderstanding.
I think it's actually called "Russian dressing", like officially
Nothing has changed yet
Wireless would reach only about 400mbps
Radvila ( finding hope)
Other Indo-European cognates include Latin vīverra (“ferret”) and Polish wiewiórka, as well as Russian dialectal веверица (veverica), вевёрка (vevjórka), Belarusian вавё́рка (vavjórka), Ukrainian віве́рица (vivéryca), веві́рка (vevírka), ви́вірка (vývirka), Bulgarian ве́верица (véverica), Czech veverka, Old High German eihhurno, eihhorno (< *aik-wer-ną, German Eichhorn, Dutch eekhoorn, Persian وروره‎ (varvarah) and Welsh gwiwer
First step would be stopping on praising Red army.
A big city, with population five times bigger than whole Lithuania.
You took the exam also right
We had a German king for a few months, too, but he was never crowned, never actually accepted by neither Germany nor ourselves, and he only existed as a prank to have Germany accept our independence, so I don't view him as legitimate myself.
Correlation
Tho Europe I think is very pro green in general
We Lithuanians accidentally built 15 shopping malls in Suwalki with our constant mass visits.
I'm pretty sure the whole justice apparatus is either overloaded or near it.
Considering there were also Estonian, Lithuanian and Bolsheviks from any other nation, it always puzzles me why they stick to Latvian Reds, despite there being more of them perhaps.
Interesting, though unsurprising, which one
There is still a problem with Slavic Macedonian claiming Hellenic history and Alexander The Great while building statues of him.
Being part of Russian Empire was probably the shittiest place you could be in.
People get the craziest opinions about places theyve never been to
we need a some sort of Lithuanian equivalent too
Correct, both Poland and Commonwealth have +3 tolerant of heretics as ambitions in their national ideas, and Lithuania has it as traditions.
Sounds like a lighter version of Russian, so onfe again, meh
As I said if there's a will we can do it
Altorių šešėly has good reviews but it's pretty damn long
What's so special about it
For me it looks like kiszka (read it as kee-shka).
Younger people don't seem to express much about the healthiness of being either pale or tan
Me on the other hand, I've been in my building for a couple of years and I don't know anyone except my childhood friend's parents
A united Europe is better than a shattered one
Well, he does when it comes to urban design anyway
Lol, breaking news, illegal stuff gives you lots of money
Lovely town
It's like ~1/4000 lithunians is gonna kill themselves
Chilling on their empty beaches feels very good.
About 50 years of being fucked
I went to Adršpach once and I gotta say, it was pretty cool
I love basketball, am introverted, softspoken, love nature
Oh fuck, thank you so much for reminding me of Asterix
So Communists or Nazis basically?
I was thinking about Medininkai, but the place on the map is a bit off from where it happened
And because of that they think in the USSR this wouldn't have ever happened and they would have had a better life
They only consume propaganda filled Russian Media
Labas, mano vardas yra Jonas, malonu su tavimi susipažinti
I don't think these geographical boundaries are in any way controversial, they were rightful german lands at the time of the composition of the words
He got some practice on a low-paid internship, developed his skills,  and now has inner peace, a job he enjoys with people he likes, and easy employment prospects with good pay
Lithuanian, Polish, Russian, Ukrainian - doesn't matter what nationality the residents of Vilnius are.
I guess we would take Illinois.
Either way, OP is not from EU, so this law wouldn't work for them
Are you saying that MS paint isn't at the forefront of design work anymore?
I started speaking in German with the driver and got a nice free night sightseeing trip around central Berlin while en route to Friedrichshain
Yep, you are right about Lithuania.
Not at all, they are as corrupt as can be, it's really sad that Lithuanians have no backbone, instead of protesting their actions like normal people we choose to either kill ourselves or to emigrate, if things don't change I fear for our future.
It would be nice if people that create these maps would start doing them right (use the national language or mark all of the dominant languages within a country) or stop the work at all.
\- I have a radical new idea
It's now forced to fight Belarus and their Russian buddies.
Probably when Grand Duke Gediminas ruled, although I don't think I've heard anyone describe it as a golden age
Burn in hell
Polish also has the [*ogonek*] along with Lithuanian.
Same in Lithuania, and I honestly cannot remember there being no snow almost into February
I first watched s1 and s2 and felt like a part of me died when I had to wait a year for s3
Good thing this one looks like it's a very slow car or just pedestrian street.
Perfect: 6 - 15
If we say germans in lithuania commited a genocide against jews with 100k casualties, then we say russia commited genocide against lithuanians with 150k casualties
Other groups of people that I've heard getting beaten up are black people and openly gay guys
Moreover, I could also talk about the resource curse, wealth inequality in Russia, environmental and health issues.
I personally think its too political for that sub.
She said its the biggest scientific project atm, and it might create a black hole that will swallow the world
I used to live in Anykščiai
Which set is the most unique and captivating?
I like to physically feel my money when spending it.
35kg margin is huge and can visibly change appearance
"Pampers" pretty much became a word for "Diaper" (I don't think I've ever seen a different brand of diapers)
as strong as the vocative in Lithuanian (which I also speak btw) before the Bolshevik reform which resulted in creation of so-called narkomauka variant of Belarusian language (an official one for the present moment).
I'm just used to everything in my computer being in English since anything else wasn't an option while I was growing up
Also thank you, this means a lot
What's stopping a guy from coming there
...how is that relevant in any way whatsoever?
(It would surprise me that they're not, considering I routinely ride out with their cycling team here in NYC
The Russian treasury even started making coins with the face of Władysław in anticipation of his election.
I'm actually cringing writing this right now
Moscow has deployed its S-400 air missile defence system and Iskander ballistic missile system in the Russian exclave Kaliningrad, situated between Nato members Lithuania and Poland.
It looks very Lithuanian, but the TV tower is blue at night
A lot of today’s youth here is Integrated into the cannabis business as a way to get high pr get money, and it is a real problem
Anything that gives you diabetes, fatty liver or hearth disease
Pro-Russians seems do not like it for some reason.
Usually only in a comedic sense
Nope, cluster bombs are notorious for civilian casualties.
It's long and complicated, but the result is sooo worth it
And for the record the shop who gave us the receipt was a shop on the other side of street from Knossos palace entrance.
Lithuanians are bad too...and many other nations except of Russians)
Pink Soup: a traditional Lithuanian cold beet soup often enjoyed during the summer (but don't try and stop me)
Any word that has two r in close proximity
Definitely something we can unite on.
French
Was hunting in western Lithuania today.
Skirmantas, probably because it's a Lithuanian slang for an upper part of the butt crack
As ronchaine said, language might something to do with that.
Yeah, but it becomes dry really fast, so if you want to make more for later, you add cream
It always feels a little surreal looking at it since I walk there every day
Do you have any tips on how to start
I mean I can easily hold a conversation in a restaurant, shop, talk about simple subjects in Russian, but I'm still at least 3 years away from fluency and if a subject gets even a bit more complicated - I'm lost
>Litwo, Ojczyzno moja
Comrade Tony
If a country has to choose between having 1 tank and 2000 AT4s, the AT4s will be a better deal.
" In Lithuanian "green" has also a meaning of a "raw". While it's ok with some fruits it makes no sense with the other
After spending the 1000£ a small fee is applied
Every Lithuanian knows this and we're beyond grateful
Well that's our foolish way of thinking, but that'll change since the Lithuanian youth is quite open minded.
That is what national football team is.
"Poles from actual Poland" are a wondrous, rare, ultra-civilized Western beings to us.
Moist smell of water, fungi, earth, decomposing plants
Nicosia, Cyprus
Every day on the news they cover something about what happens in Aleppo recently, show some footage of wrecked places, civilians talking.
Quotes from wikipedia: "On 15 July 1943, an earlier model of the Sturmgewehr was demonstrated before the People's Commissariat of Arms of the USSR
That's because a guy won a court case because of it in 2005.
Героям слава! ️
Lethargic, waffle, lit highways, Brussels, WW2
You say they didn't buy the magazine for the right purposes I say they were at the forefront of proper internet usage.
To this day the legends and some of the rituals live on
I hear they do it as an incentive for people to register as residents in the city, which brings in more tax flow.
"Not my circus, not my monkeys", interesting, in Lithuania we have "Not my pigs, not my beans" which has the same meaning
I doubt Lithuanians can make these Russian official websites for official Russian government resettling campaign linked in this text.
In the Soviet Union's propaganda.
You know, there is still almost 2 months left.
Between Cologne and Frankfurt I recommend visiting the Middle Rhine valley which is a super scenic UNESCO site with a crapload of castles and vineyards, St Goar being a lovely place to have a forest hike on cliffs.
Guess what russia did with Ukraine before they got rid of russian gas lines
That is completely unrelated to Lithuanian
Or as you said, UK is not the biggest celtic empire, UK is UK
Bye
Today, nations like Ukraine, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, continue to exist because America is there.
Some people may say something similar to "you're speaking Chinese" and Lithuanians would understand the phraseology, but it's not commonly used
There are some exceptions, but generally most viedos are just not my taste
First fully automatic rifle was invented by the Italians
Which is rather interesting, considering I could just drive to Finland.
It’s a diminutive form for the noun made from the verb “plakti” or “to whip” in english
But great job
With Baltic mythology splitting into Lithuanian mythology and Latvian mythology.
9 - devyni,
Belorussians are only "kind of Europeans", and it depends on the government?
Love liquorice
Fashion-electronic/Avantgarde: Einius & Beissoul - Kaip tu ir sakei; literally all their songs, but the taste is aquired
Anyway, I really get the UNESCO status.
Imagine if no one was allowed to invent new names anymore and ~20% of the male population was named some local version of John, etc
My grandmother sends me food packages and calls every week.
They've already bought large portions of various poor African countries, but that's not enough.
Similar to Lithuania, here you can choose either religion (Catholicism) or ethics-psychology lessons
Basically when all major governmental Polish figures died in Russia, in that "accidental" plane crash, Polish people should have been very careful of new election, but they failed and now a Russian puppet is in place and will have Poland leave EU and join the sphere of RU
I dont know about its popularity in Lithuania,  but I have seen it and loved it
Same thing if Portugal has lower urbanization rate (no clue, actually): people in villages tend to rely more on cars than people in cities.
I have come across "poland is the mexico of europe" tho
The ones we have just makes me giggle
Jesus Christ, stop with the bs.
France and Italy never invaded Poland, actually we always had friendly relations, especially with France.
Read: Lithuanians pursuing a political agenda attack material with positive comments about Russia
While he did start the personal union between the two states, and that was a very big mess, we still think of him as a pretty ok dude who was largely overshadowed by Vytautas
Oh yes they would
* Kaliningrad – Karaliaučius
And some dialectal words can be found:
• Gediminas
My accent is basically RP + Estuary English (Not as strong as Adele or anything)
Pretty sure she doesn't even tweet, someone else runs that.
They regularly chat with a few of them and have been on a skiing trip with one,  but I wouldn't say that they're good friends with any of the neighbors, nor do they hang out regularly
Like pasta on pizza
It's the ["birds and the bees" talk] Lithuanian style.
Even our greatest epos starts with words: "Lithuania my fatherland..."
Now think about the Nordstream project
Yep, *juodas* means "black" and *kalnas* means "mountain". So it literally means "land of the black mountains".
To be fair, after Crimea they do pose a threat, because Russia is willing to use minorities to invade countries
Yes, my father had to serve in Afghanistan, he doesn't talk about it much, but sometimes after few beers he does mention some horrible shit, clearly not the best memories, adding to that after returning he was also being coerced into joining some special agency(NKVD?) that was basically snitch central.
Like pasta on pizza
Now new cases are only a few per day, and deaths - one per week
Also Panemunė
= "laiva"; "sail" (piece of cloth) = Lith.
That was some intense stuff for 12 year-old me
And it will take a lot of time till it gets abandoned
But if serious they are not independent.
Finally far away enough from Russia
So liberty and ability to choose your life path is no longer a value?
I used to play in a band in Lithuania, we've traveled around Europe to various orchestra events, including a few in Poland
Yeah, we don't want this year end with Big Bang.
Not sure if unpopular opinion, but I've rarely thought about the church in my life and I'm not thinking much about it now
Joining the military as a volunteer is seen as a safe option for the people who don't want to risk in university and the job market, likely going unemployed and emigrating in the process.
I can't vouch for people with more "unusual" disorders, but I've been through the system a lot and I think there's a lot of help available, considering we don't consider our medical system very advanced.
For Lithuania "keikti
And then there’s Russia
Last year I went to London Christmas fair and they were selling fake packaged snow there
Polish women go to Lithuania or even Germany for an abortion, but of course that is not part of this data.
Are you sure its happening in March?
I think we are the only two European countries to use them (ą, ę) and the crossed-L (Ł or ł.)
I wouldn't call PLC as a slavic country.
There are even more Lithuanians in UK than Spaniards.
Can confirm, am uncivilized pagan brute from land of Lithuania.
Thanks Russia, right back at you ;)
Some irresponsible adults bring in meth and coke to schools for an extra buck
You think Greece debt crisis happened because Greeks?
Poland and Lithuania (us) is more interesting.
But before the end let's remember how it began..
Rant over, the country is great nevertheless
There's a reason so many people move to the states and why countries like Germany and the UK align themselves with the US.
Nevermind the fact that historically Russia has done worse for propaganda purposes.
Maybe lithuania was the strongest, but there are no people to remember it
Well, Lithuania could have become bilingual country(with Polish and Lithuania as national languages) allowing Wilno/Vilnius to be part of restored Lithuania.
I think it’s because of our historical association with Poland and how Poland can be either Central or Eastern European
In my yard the Lithuanian kids called it "sekretas" with a heavy Russian accent.
Become a democratic country, acknowledge the attrocitoes commited by them, become a mature and politically active nation, value honor, respect and personal liberties above brute force, influence and wealth, keep their end of a bargain, stop propaganda amd cyber warfare against its beighbours, especially in europe
We don't really know all the facts about the level of cooperation between Lithuanian and the U.S.
But it's better than nothing for a civilian trying to escape a warzone, like Ukraine
Also the cost of maintaining royalty would be interesting.
Business school is where all the kids of rich people go in Lithuania because studying anything related to business is a dead end for most working class Lithuanians so that's probably why you feel poor.
Bruh you moved to Latvia to be in a deadbedroom
EU map is not a geographical map.
We're the glass is half full of crap kind of people.
Personally I would be fine with electric just for the fuel price.
no shit
Also visiting this beautiful place and reading more about it kinda made me feel bad, because the tourism in itself destroys the dunes.
Poor people can't allow to eat anything else.
With red background and white text, reminding your flag colors
So many damn races in this world.
Encouraging multiculturalism in Lithuania.
Keep on fighting for your country, don't let these criminals get away with such impunity.
If it's not the same thing, it's at least a cousin.
Charlemagne - Karolis Didysis
Špargalkė. No idea what it means originally, cause i guess its a russian word
My sister in Lithuanian school - has lessons from 9am to 1pm, uses Discord for this, assignments done on moodle, google drive and zoom
In Westphalia, which direction do phaluses bend
A iu ca iu a iu ca iu
Source: I asked my mother in the past, she loves sunbathing in the summer with grandma and/or friends in all types of beach parts
I do have a lesson called ancient culture and we’ve covered a little religion in that though
Dear me, a real life southern Estonian
This post in general just reminds me of him
Lithuania, next year both our countries will celebrate the Centenarian!
I live in a very culturaly mixed part of Lithuania (Near Vilnius)
Litvinenko was an example for when they might want to send a message.
To be honest, way too many
Mostly sights I associate with Europe (like the Eiffel Tower) and sights I associate with my home country (like the Gediminas castle)
Clean it
* Soviet style industrialisation, commieblocks, de-westernised popular culture
He seemed very keen on pushing some kind of agenda, not familiar with the show so maybe it is because of that.
if only history was teached this way, people would be way more interested
Unmarried lmao
> Šakotis: bottom shelf
If a person wants to live in Russia, he can move to Russia, not declare his plot of land as russian territory.
That is because real Russians don't like visiting western homogay subreddits.
Probably the most well known
Depends, immigrants from India or the Caribbean are sometimes advocated, but usually the most common ones are Ukrainians or Beilorusians, at least here,
Yes, that's exactly what I was trying to say.
You mean Lithuanian-Polish Commonwealth Constitution:)
I really don't know, you'd have to look up statistics for that.
There's a pilgrimage and everything.
This is your brain on tankieism
It's a pagan holiday, celebrated on the night of midsummer solstice
There is a huge shadow economy in Ukraine, Latvia, Lithuania...
Not long to go until it all looks nice.
Recent events in Romania shows that crap is actually shoveled on top of the rug.
I consider it more like a beer snack
I never pass the opportunity to make a lame joke that they're 'beating their meat' lol
In Lithuania there is a choice between religious studies (focused on Catholisism) and Ethics
TIL that's a thing
Guess she's from rural part of the country, or just actually has bias.
The Russians, for not attacking us during ZAPAD
maybe something more like *Vardas Vardenis*?
same here, but instead of a yellow car we punched someone if we saw a beetle car
It could be that companies in Lithuania are very well off, while people not so much.
Although I generally dislike constructions that have the plural ending "ai". Have no idea why, i just dislike them for some reason
No, Lithuanians are all locked up in their houses and apartments waiting to commit suicide.
Louvre was nice as well
Guess our friendly neighbor is practising.
Well yeah but vodka is more of a Russian alcohol
I, as a lithuanian, have met a few latvians
Means people use/watch them 24/7 means there has to be someone responsible 24/7.
Hehe, now we are having a full week of storms and cold rain
The region wants tourists, not cars
Happy Saulėgrįža everyone
Everyone just seems to think (mostly Americans) that Lithuania is not a country and instead it's a part of Russia and our native language is Russian
Yeah but many returned and were represioned.
Original Apple Park Cupertino
Anyway
I've had a bunch that were pretty cool: Benedikto slenksčiai was a cool book but I think it's new in the system, Faust was also very fascinating
Guns are only allowed to be carried consealed
Tatars are practicing Sunnis, yet I don't see any of them being Islamists, neither in Russia, Poland, Crimea, Romania, Lithuania or Finland.
Fuck outta here, for real
Danke für den Kommentar
I learned it from immigrant family members on my mother’s side of the family first
Yea
civil war when
Fun fact, we have started calling people wearing their masks wrong like this „bybianosiai“, which roughly translates to 'dicknose'. This is where this campaign seems to stem from [\(link to lithuanian satire wiki\)]
We are friendly with Germany after they liberated us in ww1
[relevant]
I absolutely realise that it's PPP-adjusted.
Thats fine, but we are still stacked as 3
All train services stop because train operators can't get to work because buses don't have winter tires and can't drive on snow and ice.
The good thing is that they don't know about it, so just wait till they come and figure something out ^^^^aka ^^^^blame ^^^^Germans
The dutch version, being first, was voiced by Gregory Shapiro and somehow the Belgian and Lithuanian versions have their own speakers.
Rules shouldn't be based on morality though nor should morality for individual persons be based on if they want to stay in Lithuania or not.
Uh, you know that Elizabeth isn't done yet
It's a well known fact you're an hour old troll account.
Laws here sound like they are in most states in usa, but are actually enforced and there is no gun cult
Though you can eat it alone
As our host family couldn't take us from the concert venue, they ordered a taxi for us
The caves there are really impressive
We Lithuanians support you whole heartedly ️ and we understand what you going through
The russian goverment literally killed 13 unarmed people and injured a lot more
You just won't get good enough economy ratings and stuff.
The Brexit referendum and it's aftermath radically changed my perception of the English people.
Haven't been there much, but their mall is massive
I guess [this old abandoned building] would be one of the ugliest, if not the ugliest building in my town.
Super power: A very desperate call for help summons three brothers with sythes
There may be some additional exceptions as well.
[Curd snacks] ([inside] are extremely popular in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Basically it’s just cooked meat on fire
Also it affected my accent a bit- my speech has become more slurred and fast
Basketball
keltas - celt person/ferry boat
Honestly, I am really starting to considering if I should get guns in case shit starts to happen.
Rent only
more important question is how are you planning to bring him over?
They get a 1 month buff on the cleric skill tree
Or was it reference to after WW I?
I haven't heard much of that lately, I guess times are changing
And made a Great victory against Communists.
Which ones
[Being Polish back then =/= being Polish now.]
You can always learn latvian, but you can‘t become an ethnic latvian if you‘re born an ethnic russian
It's no wonder they're so influential.
I think you mistook this sub with /r/the_donald .
- But why did you hit your mom in the eye today
Lukashenko named as "Illegal president of Belarus" on Lithuanian national TV news
Go visit very high hills (200m or less), go visit stone museum, Telšē and other cool cities
If its true what you said (cause i can't confirm or deny) then we should put telegraph in r/europe blacklist with RT and other "news" sites
Aitäh Eesti
10^9 Milijardas/Bilijonas (interchangeable)
Because winter is coming and we know what's coming with it, duh!
Oh cool I've never heard about that!
Poland -> Lenkija
If he or she doesn't assume the full power, part of it slips to the Prime Minister
If they're tall and pale, they're probably germanic, baltic or from the more northern slavic nations
Only applies to sugar free gummies.
Especially since Venice was probably richer than entire Lithuania.
I dont think anywhere in the world is better for me than my own country
EDIT: Some comments pop up, so - Yes, they didn't remove the [Don't be evil] from their code of conduct
иди на ху.
During my whole life I've got a few calls.
I've never heard anyone use that word for Christmas
Headlandheadland
Some people do think that it's related to the Lithuanian *baltas* meaning "white", or the Slavic word for swamp (*\*bolto* in Proto-Slavic), though
Used to be first in suicide
Also you're all old and in large packs, like the Chinese
God damn it how many times do you need to be told
There were a lot of reports about those scams being successful, like every week on the news kind of reports.
I am actually the only person I know, who uses Yahoo
Most good jobs here offer private health insurance
It basically means "In the center of a pond, a bowl floats, in the bowl, bark/crust floats".
I'd rather increase the status of minority languages and dialects.
We just kind of got used to it
Every name was once picked and used for the first time
Lithuanian here:
A lot of Prussia was in modern day Poland and the knights engaged in several campaigns against pagan lithuanians.
She is a very big part of the reason anti-EU rhetoric gained popularity in the Eastern part of the Union.
I would say the energy cost of heating pre WW2 buildings is pretty high here
Polithuania would be the name of the new country.
I mean, what counts as "out of thin air" for you
I can die for Skawa draze kokosowe
I live in a small town in the UK, we have a large population of people from Europe.
Only reliant now because my new job requires me to travel all over the country with heavy gear
Good, god, the Murka scene with the former general prosecutor was so cringe worthy.
Few months ago I had to argue with couple Polish people that Trakai castle was not restored by Polish, with their logic being is that the main architect who was born in Ignalina region, educated in Vilnius (if I am not mistaken) is 100% Polish (with no sources stating his exact ethnicity), it ended with me calling one guy a complete moron (rightfully so) and other guy agreeing with me that Polish were not responsible for restoring the Trakai castle, but the lead architect still was 100% Polish.
Some will be kept in jail, if they have a history of running away or if their crime is particularly serious
Well they are an entry point to EU
But mainly you can single out them by calling them populist parties
Or do you weight yourself in 12
On top of that, I disagreed with a lot of her interpretations of the literature that we studied, so
Russia completely relies on China.
My Lithuanian friends would say the exact same about their country.
But personally while I'm a woman and I feel better walking alone in daylight than nighttime by default, I've never been hurt, robbed or talked to by someone who seemed dangerous at night
Should Lithuania and the Baltic states be concerned?
Latgalian, it sounds too close to Russian accent to many speakers of standard language and Russian accent is horror to gentle Latvian ears (from what I read, however, their differences come more from Polish-Lithuanian influences than Russian)
I think they split when the LSDDP wanted to remain the government but the LSDP did not, but I'm not sure
You are from USA so you only know from reading online or books unlime some USSR people who have real life experience.
Rare, cold and brief
[Gediminas' Tower] top shelf
Upon boarding you need to write 3 symbols bus number and show the app to the driver
> Oh the Lithuanian sense of humour is close to the German
Senas senos senės senis senės.
Moscow is not anywhere near Lithuania.
So is the whole of Denmark
I think [this] fits every Lithuanian.
Keturratis (quadwheel) and vandens motociklas (literally water motorcycle)
It was posted on reddit like 10 times already
Fite me
In 2050 there will be groups denying fossil fuel damage, like there are antivaxers now
We do Lithuanize some English words by adding "as" in the end, but that's about it
I think they would benefit greatly from making an effort to include people from around the world rather than middle class American queer POC, but of course everyone outside the bubble is racist, fascist and no speak Ingles gud enough
I hate it
You really believe that Kaliningrad residents are 3 times wealthier than Lithuanian ones?
Also Vikings
Maybe he is imagining The Don and mr.
They made sense when year started in March.
What caused such a higher number relative to other European countries?
Its just completely different from any other Lithuanian city
At least they were very ubiquitous for born late 80's early 90's
And good luck catching up to the west we all need it.
Ketchup is more expensive than a tube of concentrated tomato paste and a packet of dry basil
makes sense
Also, Spanish and Italian
Nobody denies, that Baltic and Slavic share similar features, every IE family share some with one another.
It's cheaper and people like Lidl
* It is possible to buy the tickets in the ticket offices of railway stations
kaip gauti salies taga
This is some Blade Runner type shit in the making
Don't whistle indoors - you'll call the devil.
Citation needed for Lithuania refusing to accept refugees.
* continued genocidal deportations until \~1953
From driver:
I am genuinely afraid of mosquitoes and ticks in spring and summer
Olgierd(Algirdas), Witold(Vytautas) and Kiejstut(Kestutis) are all originally Lithuanian names and those three were dukes directly related to each other
Naming him Michael would produce a completely different pronunciation of it, it would sound like the Spanish or Italian version of the name (Sort of similar to Miguel), and on top of that would look seriously out of place and weird
You clearly never played CK2 or EU4.
I'm melting >33
It was fun af
Same in Lithuania, and I honestly cannot remember there being no snow almost into February
The progress for the last ~30 years was basically 0
[English] the variety in accents alone is breathtaking
It's more so snow that I have trouble with
Hope it's alright where you're at
Tips depend on the time you spend here
FYROM modern territory was included to Macedonian province after Roman Empire conqured the land, it was never part of ancient Kingdom of Macedonia.
am I supposed to step back to my family history or just some creative writing
Would love to get hold of some literature about them.
Of course not, If you exclude Czechia and Hungary, their population combined is probably less than the population of Portugal.
Where to place it when all other flags on the capital?
The best bet is not to interfere directly
If you think your government is worse than theirs, you're falling for the Russian propaganda that aims to equate it's actions to yours.
Weather has nothing to do with it.
Can I get a copy of some mountain please
well that's the point, it was already time for rebellion when the press got a hit, now it's already too late
The euthanasia coaster
Talking about soviet union in a positive manner
Soft brexit means people like Farage will still have power and going hard with all the negative results of it might just kill them politically.
You can visit it, I've been, you get to climb the tower and the park around the school is nice.
Maybe, I'm not much into history and nobody really talks about independence all that often aside from USA and where it's relevant at this very moment (HK for example I think)
Can always buy a handheld torch
I was 12 when I finally heard about Estonia, Lithuania, etc...
Although the recipe is slightly different.
They might try to use your country as fifth column
-kurmis lenda (khurr-miss laen-dah), or as my dialect says kūrmis landa (koor-miss lann-dah)
If there are circles, I'm not adjacent to any of them
we have a government agency called GUS
So biggots unite against progress, saying it's hurting children and "traditional" families are being attacked
They always wanted to make sure I was comfortable, they were always respectful and gentle
Why I don't use Gmail
Sadly there are almost none of them in their natural habitat here (I know only one place where they grow naturally in the forest).
Yeah, attack so great it would cause you problems.
Keule ruke prie traukiniu stoties.
That wouldn't reflect the use of the language, but would be a map of official languages.
It was in the center of conflict between lithuania and poland during WW2, so it belongs to poland now, despite being ethnically lithuanian
It's big and interesting place
It's getting real warm \~27
Latvia is 64,589 sq km, Lithuania 65,300.
fuck facts and accuracy, am i rite?
Not really a "middle of nowhere", but I think that Balbieriškis would suffice
Edit: [honorary mention]
what, are going to pretend you are an unbiased neutral and not a NATO fan boi?
Calling a plumber to clean the pipes or 2
Germany - Vokietija
I honestly recommend watching Arumba or Quil18 on Youtube to watch it, I think they both have tutorial series
I can't think of a reason why someone would need an ID to delete your account when they already have 2F authentication
Kinda risky move if by default UK might risk to get standart WTO trade deal
They are technically richer than us, but most of their money is borrowed.
based
Problem is that Lithuania's original name is *Lietuva*, which is closer to *Litva* than *Latvija* is
Some schools let you choose the subject you're placed in (and that's usually followed by bullying if you choose the "wrong" class for your gender, sometimes even by the staff)
It’s not 16 in every state
Your kids basically suffer from a domestic non goverment surveillance group that tracks children behavior with out their consent
Well to be fair, from my short one-week visit, Italian women seemed very resistant to aging
As someone with a very common first name that often cause inconvenience when there's like 4 other girls in the room with the same name, I definitely wish rarer or unique names became more acceptable
its more likely that money comes from russia and not from EU.
600k is a town in Germany
Our Grand Duke invited some or resettled in modern Lithuanian lands.
Ow Gad thatc ei thyng
The ones near me were fixed a year or 2 back, but true there are still a lot of these everywhere haha
Money, blue, foreign people walking in old town, assumed feeling freedom of having no borders, quality (with guarantee of socialy/environmentaly responsible manufacturing processes)
Yes, you can even ask to write your ethnicity to the passport, but in means nothing in legal sense
Šmatička na patičku - CZ umbrella, PL a little rag on a little stick
Who knows, maybe in 5 years it's gonna be
Finally, Estonia isn't first at something
Maldininkė- pray saying, women
This is why Lithuanian fascinates me.
I don't understand
We have been part of West since our state was consolidating in XIII c.
I think Lithuania is wrong color.
No country in this age is "independent", every country needs other country for economical reasons.
Vilnius-Kaunas is a busy road there are private small express buses/taxis and normal express buses which never stop, there are also trains.
A final way to confirm if someone's from europe is if they don't really show emotions with their face in public
Lithuanians would most likely support rising defence budget even without that.
Not that bad
What 8 €/month gets you in Lithuania
Not a lot of money to pay for all music ever.
They're still invited to the party.
Each subdialect is divided into smaller units – speeches.
But pronunciation, especially with letters like ą, ę, ž, č, ū, etc can be very difficult
Your neighbor for 22 years, never heard a thing from Lithuania.
>and think we sound Russian
Meme music: Vidas Bareikis - Pusvalanduko
Gymnasium I went offered Russian, French and German, I think that's the best way to teach kids, since it gives choices from all main language groups.
But then again I own shit so left wouldn't take from me anything :D
I sometimes hear a sound from a neighboring apartment that I think is them using a meat mallet
What's up with Kaliningrad
Usualy they identify themselves with Curonians the most.
Once again Lithuania and Latvia are missing
[These are the more typical houses] some old, some already restored, some just good enough.
Tbf Lithuania isn't exactly Germany.
[Władysław IV Vasa]ładysław_IV_Vasa) getting extremely close to becoming the tsar of Russia after Polish-Lithuanian conquest of Russia in 1605-1618.
Alholism fast Internet and siucide
"Eik tu nahui" is the most popular.
I was told in school that Stanisław August Poniatowski, Tadeusz Kościuszko, Adam Mickiewicz were lithuanians
And I don't know about other lithuanians, but there was a time a year ago when plastic bagged milk holders would be sold in grocery shops for around 1€, and we got a few of them, so in my home shoving a bag of milk into a jar is not common.
It simply claims that the correlation exists when comparing cities within the country, but fails to mention how strong this link is.
101, 102, 103 etc
Oh yeah, I know, but you still kind of naturally know it based on stress or diminutive words
But I've been seeing people coming here more and more, so I bet there will be some sort of a scam developed soon
Were once the biggest country in europe
It is sometimes considered it's own language
Depending on the day of the week
Latvian roads are shit as well, but they were fixing a lot of them last year.
This is not one of those artworks
Lithuanian culture was prevalent there.
Their population has greatly reduced over the past decade as they emigrated to Western and Northern Europe
The people here are very welcoming as well.
awesome
P.S. This is just my opinion, I don't speak for every Lithuanian
The other is known to all hos neighbors as an extremely agressive and unsafe driver, who constantly speeds and disregards traffic rules
Body language says it all
NYC has changed drastically in the last 5 years - since I moved to NYC - not to mention last 20 years
I don’t have it
We have same issue with some Belarusian irredentist that claim that they're true Lithuanians and steal everything from Lithuanian history, the only thing is that they're minority among other Belarusians, but sadly very vocal one.
How much is a pebble
*woooh*
Just made up another one with `senVs`:
Antivaxxers, homeopathy, even some climate change denial lately
Since around 1200 until 1800 Belarus was mostly under Lithuanian rule, so much of GDL/Commonwealth's history is also a part of Belarusian history, too
I can see the connection deep in the roots, unless its some kind of coincidence
People are not anti russians they are anti russian-government
Yes, especially with the pink soup in summer.
We do not matter in the grand scheme of things
It truly is a secret language
I fucking love 18th and 19th century military uniforms.
Well not exactly the same, there were snowy days, but snow never lasted for more than 24 hours
Pick the language that will be useful for you in the future.
The only thing Russia ever had and still has is man power, that's all they ever had and have.
So maybe 1 in 5 chance you will meet one
Not to you, fellow russians
[Rumšiškės]#tbm=isch&q=rumsiskes+buities+muziejus) is an ethnographic museum with buildings from all the ethnographic regions of Lithuania.
March 11th (when we were the first socialist republic to declared independence from the USSR) lots of smiles and drinks and food on this day
Official statistics portal of Lithuania shows that Lithuania stabilized population-wise in 2019, so you prolly saw data before 2017-2018
Wait till many Russians demand that you be thankful for "liberating" you from Nazis in about 2½ weeks ;)
I guess it's similar to Swedish meatballs, cheap frozen mass-produced food that's easy to prepare
No need to single them out
I think it's a standard UN and EU human rights package.
And if Teutons also emerge we will just take over Belarus and allie Poland the wreck those scrubs again
We skipped the oceanic islands when i was in school
Germany - Vokietija
It's literally the worst imitation
For our international friends thats when Soviet soldiers and tanked murdered unarmed Lithuanian citizens
Lithuania: "A nation of tailors with masters degrees."
Bruuh
Thanks, but you a few months early
Lithuanians are insane and very patriotic!
Lets ignore that business is booming and a lot of educated people are returning.
I'm pretty sure no one else has 2 independence days and a day for independence defenders (January 13th - day of independence defenders, March 11th - Restoration of independence day, February 16th - Independence day)
I wouldn't call Skaidra an outdated name here in Lithuania
Kazakhstan is culturally more similiar, considering it shares a soviet past along with a lot of european countries
Todays Lithuanian Republic is a direct continuation of yesterdays LSSR, even though the new state has a different constitution.
Oh god no, I watched one of his videos just yesterday :(
bruh
Lithuania learned from Italians and shut everything off hardcore in March, as soon as a few cases started appearing
A passive-agressive, alcoholic girl with bipolar disorder and dreams of being a model.
Yeah happened here in Lithuania too, like wtf
It was around 32°C (89,6°F) today, so it's pretty terrible
1st
M̠̟͚̤̘̔̈́ͦͮ̌͟o̓̈́̈́́̽̚͏̖̥̙t̞̝̼͇̦̹̉̇ö͖̀̑̒̀̀r͖͉͙̃ḩ͙̞͈̞ͫ͗ͩe̺̯͎ͧ̃́͂a͙̲ͦͦ̄̓ḋ̻̫͎͓̖̭̑
I've never had to transport anything so big that it wouldn't fit in the back of my car with the seats down, but my first choice would probably be using a carsharing service
Others just seem too average for me to tell apart from a general location, like the south the north
It felt like being in Germany
The whole sub is arguing that your facts are wrong (not only Lithuanians) and yet you still trying to prove a point?
Same
Why not
If you don't drive one, you are seen as immature or ecofascist
Your flag is so beautiful
They aren't. Why should they be
Yap, I remember our history teacher organised a discussion about the war after we read about it and asked us to discuss between ourselves if it should be considered a victory for Finland or not, and contrast it with the actions of the baltic states at the time
Did not expect Estonia/Latvia be higher than us.
Most of old Prussians assimilated to either Germans, Poles or Lithuanians.
"Poland tried to create independent Ukrainian and Belarusian states FYI" looooool.
The summers have been getting hotter throughout the years, but so have to the winters and idek what spring or autumn is any more
When your BFF stabs you in the back
In March 2009, the Russian envoy to NATO, Dmitry Rogozin, in response to Radosław Sikorski′s proposal, while not ruling out NATO membership at some point in the future, was quoted as saying: **"Great powers don't join coalitions, they create coalitions.
Latvia does not have red
Sounds like Half Life storyline
Who says that either of them was pro free market?
My family was half Lithuanian half Russian, so I had 2 nicknames one was "sese" which just means sister (I had a brother but even my parents called me that) and " Рамашka " which translates as camomile, and rhymes with my actual name
Ant stalo stovi kasa
Like how some in Eastern Europe think it’s a sense of pride to speak Russian and not English
Russia
I'll be honest, Garbage men have had a much more positive effect on my live than bankers (or most other "fancy" professions)
Olive oil sucks
Besides just because we're behind W.
According to OECD (and other organizations) no discrimination against ethnic Russians has been found, but the campaign has succeeded somehow to install the image that Latvians (and Estonians and Lithuanians) are oppressing Russians and they are forced to live as "second class" citizens (or are denied citizenship altogether based on their nationality).
An independent company puts them in schools and we can rent
I heard that Lithuanian is hard to learn for foreigners, but I think that Finnish, Estonian and Hungarian are the hardest European languages for Europeans to learn, because they are from a different language group
3) removes the need to give Samogitia to the Teutonic Order; battle of Tannenberg never happens
I still have a bunch of books from those days
Don't know what you are actually talking about Ukraine
Some people have a gap year, others have to do military service since we have mandatory conscription
Like for example bribing doctors, I've never bribed any doctor ever and got all the services without any problems, been to hospitals many times and had many doctor visits.
He's a doctor so he deals with a lot of people.
Simply because I like designs that are in unison
Oh I still remember learning about him in school and how influential "Konrad Wallenros" was to the patriotism of Lithuanians
Well I guess Lithuania can join the club too.
Just like flying over a war zone has a higher chance of catastrophe than flying around it
Not only in their own boarders too.
To be more pricese, the suffix is *-ija* and the stem is *suom*. Most country names in Lithuanian end in *-ija*.
is the flag of Europe, and Turkey is member of the Council of Europe
In Europe people without work get far more support.
Almost as bad as saying to a black person "Remember the times when your kind were slaves
Cause I don't really remember any wars between Britain and GDL or Commonwealth
Fuck all Russians
Is the term *biogeographical* something eea come up with themselves?
Also most of them live in Europe and USA.
Damn, forgot about the mushroom pickers
Hell, Lithuanians living near Polish border even go shopping to Poland
If Russia is Mordor does that make Lithuania Gondor and Poland Rohan?
... (the rest follow latin prefixes)
I'm from Lithuania and couldn't agree more.
As a sign of protest you could ignore them too.
I don't see pizza, gnocchi, spaghetti and penne next to each other all cooked like they're meant to me
Likewise, don't call us Russians, and you'll more or less be ok.
We had it for decades now, even my grandparents had it in soviet times, no one has ever thought of changing it and if you dont obbey it - your child is not allowed in kindergardens or schools, simple as that
Though interesting stats for Denmark and Sweden.
What's with your obsession about hair and eyes?
looks like the guy will turn to the dark side soon
How fast would you react to this incident?
That's why they tried to take over TV and Radio stations of Lithuania, so they could spread their propaganda that it's actually Lithuanians who are shooting and injuring each other.
I'm not sure about other people, but going to a different country casually is a pretty common thing among the people I know
(People from Marijampolė, Šiauliai, Ignalina, Panevežys all have very distinct dialect)
In 1918 none of the African countries whose flags it is supposed to resemble didn't even exist.
84 percent of people make less than 1000 euros.
and the things that are only made in Poland are freely available at any supermarket
To the point that I can get any Polish foodstuff in any shop there
I am voting for the conservative party here in Lithuania, but it would be defined as borderline communist in the US
Hope this stuff is gonna blow over soon and responsible will get what’s coming to them
Not only are ther crosses on crosses on crosses, but there are also crosses underground, becouse the hill kept getting buldozered in the soviet times, but people were constantly rebuilding it
Something something army with a state, something something reference to Prussia
To them it was just a one-hand stand!
Belarus - Gudija (sometimes)
It's a shame that most of the time if you want something, you have to sacrifice something else for
The Baltic states with restored independence in 1990 also legally are the same countries that were founded/restored in 1918
The world already is and will be burning, poor people will keep suffering like they always have been
I can only guess how many didn't notice.
Ohh, I'm going to Tbilisi in three weeks, it should be awesome.
You know, before Maidan I never felt such strong feelings for Ukraine.
Like, every single name didn't exist at some point
You never know when Lithuania might do something funny, eh?
Cold seasons are more or less free of bugs, though at night some still come.
Most lithuanians can't pronounce th.
I just found it hard to believe that the same train would make such a weird route.
We communicate with the Americans on Twitter.”
And most elements of the capitalist economic model have been going on form much longer then people give them credit just like the few that I mentioned in my shitpost:
There's not enough coordination when it comes to European military.
Russia is willing to divide Europe and NATO, which is yugely not in their interest.
For an outsider, racism in France doesn't seem to be a country dividing factor.
But after a year, coming back to the show, I- like many people here - felt lost and thought it was a bit of a stretch
Edit: typos
Lithuania is wrong
We just fuck
Consuming so much British and American media has made my accent into one that my parents don't even understand
The temperature difference is unpleasant to many.
Does your country also use other things when playing this game
Tried it for the first time a few months ago, didn't get it
Similar things could be said about Russia as there live tatars, karelians and other ethnic groups.
Makes everything so simple, right?
Where the heck is this
The first was Aivaras Abromavičius (Lithuanian national), formerly a minister of economy in Ukraine who [resigned in the beginning of the year]
You found the Erasmus student :D
Latvia looks cozy sandwiched between Lithuania and Estonia
I was just pointing out that Lithuania might think it is somehow a well known country on the world stage but not many people in the United States even know it exists.
Please tell me you don't actually do that, it seems so unsanitary
Homeowners Earns More From Property Than Work
I get the idea but it would be hard to implement
Pagans in Lithuania used to domesticate snakes
Never thought that Lithuania had any domestic designs of any war related vehicles until I found out about an aircraft series called ANBO
But they were glad to see a free Lithuania and were hopeful towards the future.
The EU has been the arbrtrator of European economic prowess for past 50 years.
And why after a storm there is a so much water in the river which is connected to the sea?
They have no respect for our way of life, they love that cockroach of a man that keeps taking away more and more of their liberties that made them at least somewhat European.
Because I don't believe in inherited debt.
Yes yes, russian troops are not dirrectly involved.
Well the Deluge was one of the reasons why Eastern Lithuania became populated by Poles and Ruthenians.
I don't think Vytis would work, because it's a bit to complicated, but the historical Gediminaičių stulpai flag could work
Wasn't he a Belarussian who wrote in Polish and considered Lithuania his true homeland?
Add ex-soviet doctors on top and you get a paid free healthcare
Western movies do not portray Lithuania
nope, and it's specifically my house.
Girls and boys switch for one year in grade 8 or 9
It's not poor men food, it's typical for Northern Europeans.
Why don't you let people do whatever they want to do instead of attaching some sort of boogie-man of a 'patriarchy' to it
That way we would make that EE definition crystal clear
which nowadays are in the Netherlands, Belgium, France and Lithuania, Belarus respectivly.
I can add that we have a piece of [literature] about how lithuanians were direct descendants of the romans
Lithuania does not forcefully Lithuanize the names though.
Didn't really work well for him and I think from that point on he quite despised nobility
In my opinion, Europe can be divided into these regions based on socioeconomic and cultural factors: Eastern Europe (all former communist countries), Southern Europe (basically PIGS countries + Malta and Cyprus), Northern Europe (the same as is shown in the OP's map) and Western Europe (every country that doesn't belong to the aforementioned regions)
Should Lithuania let more foreign immigrants to settle in Lithuania?
Make Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth great again...?
It was war which they started together with Nazis by invading yours Finland and Poland :D So fuck Hemingway on this one
But I sure I would not join today
The flowers thing: you bring even number to funerals and odd number to any other occasion
Communist party shifting side to pro-independence in December 1989
Also Panemunė
I remember the motto from that period in my country: "There are no free Ukraine without free Lithuania!"
Population density is a factor too, compare New York to anywhere in Europe.
All, and I mean all of the Moomin shit I have was bought in Korea or Japan.
More likely to find it in restaurants as a snack for beer
I don't think *Danija* counts as it's pretty similar and shares the same root with *Denmark*.
I also like Smetoniška Gira among commercial kvasses so try both to see what you think.
What kind of evil horrible person would do that
Its name literally comes from the word electricity and they have all of that electric stuff of the country
So ok, we can stick with your plan
I think our cultures are very similar.
Czechoslovakia, as part of Austro-hungary was one of the core elements of what we see as western europe.
we already have proof that not, all of europe.
Funny how Latvia and Lithuania are on top, because cats were "imported" here just a couple hundred years ago by other Europeans.
Number 2 was actually colonies held by the Curonians, although it could be argued they were a vassal of Lithuania so the PLC indirectly did have colonies
It adds up to page loading too.
Anyone wishing to hear how Indo-Europeans spoke should come and listen to a Lithuanian peasant
Establishment of the Sąjūdis in 1988, Soviet violence against Lithuanian protests ('the Banana Ball of 1988), Baltic Way on 1989 08 23
Nah, prefere fridays with pewdiepie
Before the trip I had some fears because in our mainstream media we had an image that Poles are rude, don't like us (Lithuanians) and even may be hostile to us.
~30€ for a T-shirt
Every Balt can see right through this nonsense.
I'm just curious, since I never saw the previous campaigns and I've never played with MP before.
But also, Baltic countries and Belarus have different perspectives.
Oh we dont need to move the whole country, just the people will do.
And Russians can call Lithuania [Northwestern Krai]#/media/File:Mapa_6_gubernij_Litwy_i_Bialej_Rusi_-_Benedykt_Hertz.jpg)...
Nationalists win it overwhelming, pledging to restore democratic Lithuanian state
Could drive to Sweden on ice :D
Technically yeah, but in day-to-day talking, nobody calls it that
No, because the country is the Lithuanian nation state
So Estonians, Latvians and Lithuanians are all citizens of Baltic states, but you're not Balts!
> Tourism would be massively improved by the removal of tourism
My god he did change it :D, now it says that the falklands are to the east of Britain
As there were lots of militsiya, I thought that I can easily run into a problem, however, nothing terrible happened
Or never confused avenue and road in Queens
It's worth visiting, doesn't matter if you're religious or not.
I would go and fight for Lithuania.
People from countries with no dual citizenship, how strong is support for it
We were supposed to go to Auschwitz too, but the lockdown was so sudden we didn't.
I don't even know what I would choose, as I feel like it's been several years since I've been in this kind of situation
In the Baltics we have been increasing our military expenditures by a lot long before Trump said anything.
Drawing Europe map, German Empire, Austro-Hungarian Empire, Grand Duchy of Lithuania from memory.
This position is even more stupid then the last.
Lithuania had access to the black sea before union, but lost it.
Weakness: Vladimir
Seems like your grandma remembered good old times of conserving food
Happy Independence day from Russia
That's why many go home each weekend.
I'd say it's pretty common all around europe
Then there is no way they are going to win this case.
Though it is not perfect I have been enjoying it a lot.
Tap water for sure, all of it is directly from springs
that's because his argument wouldn't work if he said what it actually costs.
If Russia *tries* to annex Latvia, then there are immediately two allied states - Estonia and Lithuania - from which to launch a counter-strike.
The largest wooden church in the world
I used to work in a call centre and used to hate this often occurring interaction:
Electing King in age of Monarchy.
Wasn't a old Belarussian a official written language of Lithuania, before your szlachta voted to change it to Polish?
[Cluster bombs aren't precise.]
True, true
Image 7: Putin, get out of Syria and Ukraine.
I really like the band Kælan Mikla
* death of Stalin, Khrushchev's regime seems to be somewhat lenient
Putin (a.k.a Huilo) is a state-scale terrorist
(I still call myself feminist just not to give them that power of redefining the word)
None of those nations border russia
well I know it existed in USSR and still exists North Korea and US, most other countries don't have that shit, so what do you compare it to.
Also, when I was in this guy's concert of course the song was played the last one and of course everyone stood up to sing it together, as one should do
I know that people from former communist countries don't like being called Eeastern Europeans, but it was the Cold War and its aftermath that defined Europe as it is
If they dont have that DNA in the database already, well fuck.
P.S
Also, Moscow is sort of an aberration in Russia when it comes to salaries.
I would reverse the outcome of the Battle of Vorskla
It lasted that long purely because Poland and Lithuania before commonwealth were quite powerful countries on their own
If you are learning it cause its the oldest language in europe, why
Poland
Lithuania :)
Lets hope he's going to live through the cadency as he is quite old already
60 euros for a game quickly becomes a rather harder pill to swallow.
Happened A LOT
Here it's common appetizer for pizza
Even today Russia protects those people from prosecution.
I find it severely lacking in most topics that i’m interested in, so I really only use it for articles relating to Lithuania itself (and even then, a lot of the times the very same article in the english language is more complete)
Because China Numba One and America is tied with them.
If they leave it all goes down to shit.
No pressure, only words now and then
And honestly, the moment that something about the US comes up I know they did some stupid shit again
You could still couple them together, but like I said, no shielding back then.
But here, in US, it's quite literally everywhere
The best the west could have done is not to simply sell EE in the Yalta conference.
Do you call it "the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia" as Greece demands it, or you don't really care about them and just go with "Macedonia" (with alteration to fit your spelling).
I would reverse the outcome of the Battle of Vorskla
I bought a white-red-white flag and got a picture holding it near the central Lenin
It's not really a super insulting term, but it's definitely rude
Come on
He should give up and let Belarus be a free country
Or you could just be specific and say that it’s home to sharia zones
I do think its purpose is to normalize LGBT people.
Soviets didn't build anything that we wouldn't have built ourselves
The Kingdom of Lithuania and later on the GDL was a feudal federation of many many nationalities, an ukrainian or byelorussian was just as much lithuanian as a "real" lithuanian, but in 1918 we created a nation state for Lithuanians only, by Lithuanians I mean The Samogitians and Aukštaitians.
* Vytautas Landsbergis (the first Head of Parliament of Lithuania after its independence declaration from the Soviet Union)
We actually don't have them, so unless he brings his own, we wont be having bears
Some of my classmates are (since I speak English a lot with friends), but I personally don't see an issue
If they agree to better relations that means Trump will just let Russia get what they want.
can we get him banned
I think I've seen another trend.
If they stopped Isis I wouldn't mind.
I'd rather take my chance of getting killed by a random thug, then take the chance that my country will fall under totalitarian rulers ever again.
Anykščiai are really visited
I wonder what could you find out about origins of other countries if you dug deeper
Didn't know stoners are secret nazis.
Srsly
>Labas, mano vardas yra Jonas
I think [your letters] have an even worse case of cancer I'm afraid
It's totally unexpected, since the mountains there are really smooth and not really rocky, and suddenly you see these sandstone pillars in the middle of the forest
The map also shows how hard it was to have lands towards west europe, but easier going towards the black sea
I don't really like the choice of shades here, especially with the majority being black and dark
funny thing, I took the book today from my school's library for Lithuanian class
Do you have any evidence of that?
You do this more with younger people and talking about very modern/technological topics, but yes
its more like northeast
Well I don't know, but in my eyes, Romania is same, but more corrupt (no offense)
"Suo valge kate" = "Dog ate cat"
If we put their flag then also we need Scots, Welsh, N.
Getting rid of them was one of the first things we did
maybe for crimes against humanity, otherwise no.
Can someone pls explain how come Lithuania beats Estonia in GDP per capita, but we significantly lag behind when it comes to an [average salary] (by some 35%)?
In Lithuanian it would be Kristoforas.
Even more so in the context of a post-communist state.
Did you forget that we hate the commonwealth we were in?
>– having created the State of Lithuania many centuries ago,
Remember last week's lithuanian anti-gay politician who was caught with shirtless guy in his apartment
They nominate a number of individuals to lead ministries or departments and thus craft policy
I think that the title of the Roman Emperor should descent to the highest ranking royal title.
And if you want you can even move here like some serbians I know did
In Lithuania we speak Lithuanian, which is a Baltic language, coming from a family of Indo-European languages
I thought it's just us and the lats.
Modern Latvia is located in the lands of the Curonians, Latgalians, Selonians, Semigallians.
Not fans of the Baltic countries, huh
Foreign affairs: supporting syrian government who user chemical weapons to kill rebels and civilians; occupation of Krym, which was a part of a "brotherly" nation, the one of three ruses; spy assassination attempt in britain; assassination attempt of opposition leader Navalny, assassination of journalist/opposition member; "accidental" nuclear weapon detonation recently
More medieval, but so is a pint.
Nice
Oh, and have a mini umbrella
I could go on with other examples.
NATO stopping Serbian/Kosovar genocide between each other is somehow worse than Russians protecting criminals who ran over un-armed Lithuanians during January Events.
I both like it but also dislike it for many reasons
You'll have to beat Lithuania for it!
Brexit will be even more of a shit show now for UK since US is unpredictable as well.
Which they won't as it would bring worst misery of several generations to households.
Dear Spain,
Because all textbooks looked the same, I started writing subject names on upper textbook part, so I wouldn't have to take it all out just to read the subject name in small text
We skipped the oceanic islands when i was in school
So Latvia can finally into potato
Like, really it seems so, especially when you're living in small town
ITT: Far-right coming out of the woodwork to voice support for a meaningless act and damnation against perceived strawmen
So in effect, there are no issues with the status quo.
What I *have* heard (and used myself) is a phase "bird language", as in "you're speaking bird language
Either Poland or Latvia
I often work till 6:00 and this is the best.
To Belarussians, we are Samogitia
Russian and Ukrainian, with dificulty.
I don't know, never really thought of it that way, I feel like the people who live there depict themselves the same way to both locals and tourists - we also all know and acknowledge that they're a self-proclaimed republic where you can be a free spirit (not in a legal way, but in a fun quirky way, because the neighborhood is full of artists and people like that)
Since people are sensitive about this stuff when they hear this word they subconsciously think about their neighbour as an enemy.
I believe we don't really belong here, we could compare our self's to Sweden because we had established a country way back in time.
Well basically we know that he married a 12 year old girl to become king of Poland
\- Again that's nothing new, except the church helps the poor, but I suppose that the rulers could do that too
Also, unlike in many other countries, sex was not strictly reserved for reproduction, but pleasure too
Bruh
Well, I always thought that Baltic countries are the ones next to Baltic sea: Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia.
Hi, my name \[is\] John
My bus driver is Polish, my banker is Russian, the man who serves me at the bakery is Lithuanian, and the publican is German, and the kid at Burger King is Spanish.
- Did you find out why he goes to Birutė? Mhm
Mostly things with confirmed sources, yes.
English is really easy to learn, so it's good it became a universal language, but my god, are some things you can say in one word in lithuanian, super long in english
I'm in Prague right now (technically not my country but w/e) and I would say what tourists need to watch out for are the Euronet ATMs, they are by far the biggest scam I've seen
The whole point of living in a liberal democracy is freedom, and not being forced by the government to do shit like this
*Pūsti arabus* - "to blow Arabians" ("blow" as in "wind blows").
But what about, for example, Bulgaria and Lithuania?
All 65 million of you just need to get off on the same side and start pushing
Man I remember in 00s I saw Google like: "Yeah they are big but at the same time they are doing bunch of cool and *good* things". And years before they even removed the "Don't be evil" motto it turned to "fuckers are too big and went from doing *good things* to straight up illegal shit".
I went to a rich people's party once, they hired a security company who brought some guns and made a shooting range on location, so I got to try some pistols.
My guess is less educated, but I was gonna say pretty much the same.
you don't see jeans with logos, and here in europe, people tend to wear jeans more than sports pants, which you do see with logos
We all know what happened after the Republic commissioned the clone army in order to fight the separatists.
And you use many Greek names for Turkish cities like Konstantinopolis and Smyrna
Athens, Greece
(There is a third one, but I forgot the name of it)
Russia through all it's existence was always a backward state in Europe.
that identifies as catholic stat is stupid, I am catholic because my parents were catholic, getting out of church is harder than getting in, like in every other cult.
Truckers:
And it screams at you while doing the same thing others can.
But
Everyone else doesn't matter to me.
Opposing imperial Russian authorities' efforts to replace the traditional Latin orthography with Cyrillic, and transporting printed matter from as far away as the United States to do so, the book smugglers became a symbol of Lithuanians' resistance to Russification
Same with Sanskrit and old Greek
Things change again when the teenage years are over and you become more mature
It lacks more specific information, but currently i don't need such information, so i am quite satisfied with lithuanian version
We have letters that English doesn't have (ą, č, ę, ė, į, etc)
You clearly haven't seen W4th Street
Char 2 the peasant:
Inga Valinskienė. Singer, actor, businesswoman
so why is Italy depicted as that, it really does not make sense.
That is a significant drawback for the less developed countries (but they have calculated that the benefits still outweigh the losses).
There is a reason Lithuanians greeted Nazis as liberators...
You guys should blanda up or sth.
Don't know why we use braliukai instead (I do like how it sounds and it's always clear who we are refering to though)
Pronounciation between Latvian and Lithuanian is just too different as well
I have never been here before, and my only two visits were layover between planes from Vilnius to Shanghai and back
If one doesnt live there, why would one want to be represented in things irrelevant in ones life
I'm talking about cultural proximity, not geographical
Lithuanian is very wrong
Lithuanian in a sketch:
* will we learn both languages
How did people make this map
I hate varškė, kefir, grietinė, yoghurt (just milk products other than milk itself, butter and cheess)
why tho
Its probably because after the fall of Soviet union a lot of Russians (and other "foreigners") stayed here, so I guess laws were passed to enforce their "loyalty" to the country they are living (not arguing if this is good or no.
Go f\*\*k yourselves
Most of the words are for anglicized topics such as technology, business and finance
Australia is a contiental land mass, and oceania is thousands of islands around it and some very far away from the contient, maybe even on a different tectonic plate
haha I can see that
They're not exactly bustling with street life though, the aforementioned is very quiet despite its central location, but I guess it's decent enough with its tourist appeal and several cozy restaurants.
So it's declining
Didn't happen in the last few years, but it might happen again and it might get colder than ever during some future winters
It weirdly bugs me that Lithuania "restored full independence", while Estonia and Latvia "declared the Soviet rule null and void from the beginning" in 1990.
people who are saying that the country should be split in half are you joking cause I can't even tell
Spent 2 weeks there last Summer (a week sightseeing + a weeklong 100km hike through the mountains)
Poland – it's weird to say that, but WW2 and 45 years of Communist oppression solved idiotic Polish-Lithuanian conflict and Vilnius issue
Ah, there we go, now it actually looks like Lithuania to me.
Operating secret US CIA torture prisons within our country
You seem to have a chip on your shoulder.
There are a few very friendly neighbors who start small talk
who cares
There are very few russians and belausians
Let alone - those are just total cliché...
Will Trump choose better Russian relations instead of EU relations?
However they all do involve potatoes
So I don't dirty the good ones up and I don't have to wash them every time
Check the inflation rate in Lithuania - it's under 2% since the introduction of the Euro.
You can spot an american in europe, by their clothing
It was "Lithuania is independent again now within the borders of Lithuanian SSR".
Europe never falls behind, Europe stronk independent continent.
I know like 3 people who actually believe in god
But you don't have sea
yes but why is Spain depicted as an entity while Poland-Lithuania is not?
Note that the word for "land" in Lithuanian is *žemė* and *-ija* doesn't have any meaning on its own
Very common, even in Lithuania, Latvia
Most of my countrymen would probably say Samogitian.
Especially the unexpected lightning
When it comes to Mickiewicz what he meant by Lithuania was GDL, he was not a big fan of Samogitia and Samogitians, today Lithuania and Lithuanians.
I'm seriously considering just wearing my mask regardless of if/when corona is eradicated
Ive been to greece two times
Easy to grow even in poorer soils and harsher climates, contains lots of energy, and can be made into a big variety of dishes with relatively little effort.
Exept if you're **Actual** commies, Not the bootleg stalinist ones, But i guess if it would be real commies, they wouldn't be invading us all the **god damn** time
And now I see it here lol
Are you really saying 5 frigates can eradicate most of finnish army?
For example: "Sweden Draws Closer to NATO as Russia Tensions Rise"
No wonder there are so many destabilizing investment bankers when even stupid people can call themselves that.
The Roman history of the region is surprisingly fascinating, like the Jugurtha incident
In English
Apparently we can look forward to further entries from Lithuania, Estonia, Portugal, Spain and Iceland.
Belarusian the best one, can undetstand it pretty well as the russian dialect in Vilnius region is quite close to it
Yeah
While not fully woken up, I said that I will never sleep on top of it again, and I went there back again
Petersburg, since it is a source for a crapton of money
In lithuania it's male "maldininkas", or female "maldininkė". It means "praying man", or "praying woman", although it could be translated as "prayer", or "prayress", so person not an object
So karma is a bitch
Our cultures are basically the same or were the same if you deduct the Soviet intrusions.
99% of it is making fun of women, gay people and people who aren't Lithuanian
But they say they don't need help dealing with the United States.
So if the most anti-national folk dont bother taking my stuff, nobody else will
The Lithuanian embassy redirected us to the Austrian consulate in Shanghai, who gave my GF a temporary Austrian passport to come back home.
Getting rid of Russian military and nuclear weapons
Fun fact, there are two name translations for *Teutonic Order* - *Kryžiuočių Ordinas* (cross bearers), but more commonly known as *Vokiečių Ordinas*.
Nooooo
Besides, most of the people I met think foreign accents are sexy
You are also missing the point, mr.
Happy independence day from vilnius
Yellow stands for the light, the sun; green - our homeland, green fields.
I'll gladly pay a TV tax if it means they'd produce the same quality shows as the BBC.
Lithuanian culture was so prevalent in Belarus that only Polonization was present there...
Lithuania is about to join the glorious Spirit Road.
Why is Switzerland domain "ch"?
Must be living under a rock :D
Putting on a fake smile
" when in reality no one really cares
It's nearly impossible to burn trash these days without getting fined in hours.
Some might say you're the westernmost eastern europeam country
Lol, that's hilarious, I'm surprised that no "Lithuania mentioned in movies and tv shows" youtube compilations has this, probably nobody heard of this show
Yeah
Our government is working on letting people, who were injured in protests, be taken care of in our hospitals
Lithuanian "kovas" in the non-bird theory, would rather mean "fight" than "struggle" as article says.
It's covered pretty constantly
Then we learn about all the holocaust stuff and the return of the Soviets
Wow thank you so much for this extremely detailed answer
It's not speed, it's not drunk drivers that kill, it's shitty road that doesn't get cleaned in winter or has zero visibility at night.
I started speaking in German with the driver and got a nice free night sightseeing trip around central Berlin while en route to Friedrichshain
Honestly I can't imagine staying in the formerly occupied territories after that experience, it surprises me that anyone at all remained.
I think his speech strengthens his position and the trust of his supporters
It just has that hook, that ear worm, that just gets in your head
Especially home made
Why the hell did you add random picture of cookies
Anyway
I really wish he had lived until the loss of independence.
I don't think getting attacked in public or private in Lithuania is likely either, but I've seen the pictures from January 13th, 1991
There was a movement to drop the H letter, that would make Lituania, which is less of a tongue twister
*High five*, Estonia
I know Samogitian (technically a dialect, but also has a collection of people who want it to be classified as a language) and the Samogitian wiki is really oddly political sometimes, for example the entry about the falklands basically used to say that it's rightful argentinian land under British occupation, even uses the Spanish name for the island
Didn't Turkey pretty much got rid of it's Greek minority?
5  - penki,
Ireland, England and probably more
true
and all I could think of was this
But I'm not sure, I never weighted my backpacks
Wiki list of companies owned fully by the Swedish state is 20 companies
Maybe lack of research by creators.
This is fine 5-20
Or would that be very rare to find
PauldeMiko is cool here, I really like him
Masks and distancing works, just like it worked here, the rest of Europe, Canada, Asia, etc
UK or Norway where a lot of migrants live - probably fine
Vilnius has everything new and old:
Latvian
Lithuanian Helsinki Group, Chronicle of the Catholic Church in Lithuania, Lithuanian Liberty League
Many manual construction jobs like carpenteer, plumber, etc are paid as good as physicians and much better than most public white collar jobs
Right wing is usually pro bussiness, cheap labour is good for bussiness, but the right wing voters usually are against immigration
In Lithuanian prisons people from Vilnius were called portuguese and it kinda went to mainstream joke.
Last person to be punished was Dekanidze, a head of mafia called "Vilnius brigade". Sentenced and shot after killing a journalist for writing an investigation or satire about him
As long as they are not in Russia they have their worth.
John's Day [Christian name], Day of Dew [original pagan name] (Christian stolen holiday), Statehood Day, Assumption Day, All Saints' Day (Another Christian stolen holiday), Christmas eve, Christmas (Also stolen).
Right
I remeber from school that we had a lesson or two about preunion Lithuania, as a background for history of PLC
What didn't help also, is long history of Russian imperialism, that Lithuania and its neighbors have suffered from
An expensive car won't, but what about a nice house in Lithuania and a yearly vacation in the tropics?
Tyskie is one of many boring Polish beers.
Roster's foot)
While there were good things achieved, and they impact modern society today, they barely outweight the bad things
And then one day you'll check out Japanese engineering
Before cold war there was no eastern Europe.
Below the flats are every luxury brand known to man
I remember reading about him in No True Glory by Bing West.
There are no “nice” or “happy” days in Lithuania
Our west leaning goverment is to blame :D
Yeah I always found our year counting stupid
At parents i only locked for the night
Democracy failure
During ww2 killed as much as 70% of most cities population (cause of jews, about 100k were killed in total)
>You look very bad
Fun fact - Reich Chancellery was owned by Lithuanian nobleman family Radvilos (Radziwiłł) - very powerful and one of the wealthiest families in Europe - before being acquired by Prussia in 1869
In these areas I think Lithuania really needs a boost.
We have a saying in Lithuania: „Ramus, kaip belgas“ (As calm as a Belgian).
Isn't Germany the same Reich, just with updated name to Bundesrepublik in terms of state continuity
Lithuanians say that the GDL forces did a "false retreat manoeuvre" which they had learned from a battle with Tatars at Vorksla (which almost had Vytautas killed)
They came up with the greatest and widest tax evasion schemes, went "bankrupt" and a far poorer and less economically developed eurozone country had to provide financial aid for them.
Yes, we have the State Commission of the Lithuanian Language, and the notorious State Language Inspection that functions like language police – e. g., fines for using wrong grammar in TV shows, etc
Yes we do have jam and jelly in Lithuania.
Besides lithuanian most people can speak english, russian or polish.
*pakeliu alaus stiklinę* Už nepriklausomybę!
The trigger to WWI
That is if you're a christian, otherwise there wouldn't be any second names afaik
My Lithuanian friends say it's 11th of March.
"Į sveikatą", basically cheers, but means "for good health" if you take it literally.
As for them being backwards - it depends on how you’re judging
Same for you my friend
Of course Americans tend to generalize Europe as this one and same place, so they have a bad time with geography
However, I don't think anybody could provide any excuses for the hand guestures.
cs_italy
They seem to be way happier even though they work a lot.
After first Soviet occupation Lithuanians also greeted Nazi soldiers with flowers even though they annexed part of our pre-war land and threatened us with war.
Cdpl said he was forced to fight for the nazis.
Really
So I guess the author is implying Belarus should have closer ties with Lithuania because of a common past hundreds of years ago, than with Russia with whom it has close ties for a few hundreds of years.
Thanks to Iceland for being the first country to recognice our freedom ️. Ya’ll rock
>To enter the place you need a passport, customs sometimes check for contraband
This video makes it sound like Lithuania is basketball loving shithole
Polish nationality was just seen as "higher class" or just cooler at the time.
] Sorry, Estonians
How is it Germanized
It's maybe 30C there
Like /u/FnZombie said, the flag colors are national colors and come from Lithuanian folk clothes, so it is not exactly random.
Labor staff (cleaning, fixing various stuff, growing food)
7 million death in gulags
This was always going to happen.
Or do both sides "come to an agreement" 99% of the time
Right now there are those who are afraid or angry on one side and those who want to rejoin Russia.
E.g in "vyras", the /v/ is palatalised.
So biggots unite against progress, saying it's hurting children and "traditional" families are being attacked
Just sit them under the rocket when you launch it.
Wanting or not I'm part of the greater "Eastern European culture" in your eyes and I will be/was associated with Russians, Czechs, Albanians..
I don't know what's the catch
Vilnius had been Polish, Russian AND Lithuanian
Here is a little summary of our family friendly and politically correct carnival called [Užgavėnės] We dress up as [Gypsies] [Jews] and [Hungarians] to beg for money, pancakes or sweets.
That’s why those skyscrapers look ghostly, compared to the front of the street below
Not so great if you're working class and just scraping by.
...THAT much
I was sat at home eating kugelis when Algis ring
Usually same equipment (or with minor modifications) can burn coal/charcoal/wood and people use whichever is cheapest or most convenient at given time.
Especially Vladimir V. Putin the Great
Probably around 1410, when the battle of Žalgiris (Tanenberg) happened, I think it would be so interesting to see how the people lived, perhaps how they reacted to this victory
for like half a week during all summer.
If everywhere else its just rain - we still have winters and summers, but those are becoming extreme (meaning we used to never have +40 in the summer or - 40 in the winter)
VW's last for years, it looks good.
So Croatia and Lithuania are going to throw down over who's gonna be third right?
Russia Prepares for Show of War on West, Says Lithuania
Burn in hell
Requiem - Neišeik
The strangest thing driving through Poland was always the amount of those ads and billboards
*Boobs Village*
Aren't they giving up everything we gave to them?
Well occasionally in lithuanian restaurants you can see fish being labelled as "vegetarian" so...
Kind of understand Russia, but Croatia
Now new cases are only a few per day, and deaths - one per week
Big bad Russia occupied us, so bad...
The only Irish I know is slàinte and tiocfaidh ár lá
not exactly correct.standartized lithuanian is mostly based on western aukštaitian(mostly sudovian dialect) with many forms and words coming from other dialects, most notably prussian lithuanian.there were writers and linguists from samogitia who helped the development of standard lithuanian language and they did make a influence to the language.however everything was converted to sudovian phonology because it was the most conservative dialect phonologically, not only samogitian dialect was ignored when it comes to sounds.
If not for the top comment on that video i would understand barely anything
They are located only in largest cities though, and the countryside only sees the police
Latvia: Trump called us Balkans rather than Baltics before, does it count
What would the chance be for a proton and attracted to an electron via the coulomb force if noone in the universe found out this relationship
I think it's a specific marketing tool to ensuate feelings of youth, modernity and adherence to Western European norms.
You are talking like we, the Baltic countries, are "the border", not sovereign countries
or just pay attention in geography class
There are not really too many of us and you can live on EU/US standards and still be environmentally friendly.
Lithuania you are next and then Ukraine...
Actually, you have connection to Russia.
My case in Lithuanian gymnasium (year 9 to 12) few years ago
> colour
If in 5 years the EU would be in better shape, it would be more difficult to make some of the claims Vote Leave did.
We learn about it as much as it is related to us, the reasons, the motives, the results of bigger events, some rulers.
Realistically: none
8 million, can be relevant haha
Smells like low quality sensationalist journalism to me..
That is pretty interesting, I thought she still had quite a gap in the first round?
You do realize it was complicated matter during Interwar when nationalism was strengthening more and more.
It's always a big celebration, with music, partying and the general festival stuff
Samogitia is a third of modern Lithuania.
Or never confused avenue and road in Queens
Luckily, it didn't work out (because Vilnius isn't that big and because we don't have spare billions) so now the only scheme is our National Stadium.
If we're talking classical songs like the anthem, then either *Lietuva brangi* or *Lietuviais esame mes gimę*, but definitely not famous internationally
I don't live in NL at the moment, but I visit it several times a year and I have to keep a Maestro card (and keep paying for one) just for that purpose
It`s our plan to get personal union with Lithuania again.
Yeah, but tge thing is you can't remember these times
Bruxelles to control your country
Anyway, I prefer it since it's shorter
muh freeze speech to deny Holocaust and lie /s
It has some but I wouldn't say "many". According to 2016 data, there were over 40k students in Lithuanian schools and just  3600 in Polish schools
I'm just saying good roads is the only thing that makes the most impact to the death statistics.
We even gave it prettyer name :)
Mostly by not talking to people and wandering aimlessly on the hills.
> as a global language would just diverge into new languages after a while
* They can be very direct, while we might leave some things unsaid
Many Estonians fought and died on both sides of the war
She got scared, saw a man walking by and started screaming 'PANE, VĖŽYS
Would be awesome to get that much of Baltic frozen again.
But accentuation is the thing that has so complicated rules and so many exceptions that most people tend to either just give up to learn it or to forget everything after high school / uni.
And i love it
More active global role of The Deeply Concerned One or actually start doing something useful, like respond to military might with military might?
Although it's torture being in the bus, and the nights are very hot (and we have no AC)
Like someone trying to invent a new language by botching the pronouciation and adding slang words.
After that we'll rent a car and go to Riga (Latvia), Vilnius (Lithuania) and Minsk (Belarus), then back to Thalin.
Yeah, Vilnius is Lithuanian city and Poles are best allies, not enemies
^^and ^^then ^^we'll ^^kick ^^Eesti ^^out
We commemorate liberation of Russia from occupation by Lithuania and Poland on November 4.
What a sad outlook
Maybe not talked enough as an issue, but I noticed that majority of new apparent buildings in Vilnius are built for rent rather than for long term family ownership
Taking the region in wouldn't affect Poland as drastically as Lithuania; +2
8 million, can be relevant haha
Modern Lithuania, definitely not.
That’s why those skyscrapers look ghostly, compared to the front of the street below
I pay like 15 for 300mbps in Lithuania
I guess I understand what you mean.
How Finland bravely resisted in contrast to our own folding under pressure from the Soviets
Again you keep saying that all the facts say he was Polish and he thought of himself as of a Pole but he was Lithuanian anyway.
• briedis ( in Russian a word "bred" means "nonsense") - moose
You're not very smart person, are you?
Oh man, I still have a comic book of them, I'll try to find it today
After the Soviet occupation in 1940, many Lithuanian embassies kept on working, but most of them were eventually closed by Nazis or after the Soviet pressure
As a kid I believed that all beaches are sandy as that was the only thing I saw in sea side Lithuania and movies
And owners of rental units will fixate on costs
Lithuania has the highest murder and alcoholism rate in the EU
I've never seen that anywhere else
They should be if they are in EEA (and they are) ^EU^not^so^bad^afterall
Celtic Union of Northen Teritories
My great-grandfather had to serve as he was granted German citizenship for 10 years.
R&B - Donatas Montvydas - most of his songs
Technically, they are not an independent state, but an autonomy in Russia.
Your arguments are just invalid so I would say yes.
Well I agree that this sub should stick to things happening in Europe we should not forget that Russians are Europeans as well.
Our wages were pretty low to start with, but Euro kicked in growth for everything
Many apartment blocks (especially Khrushchevki) actually had their ground floors reserved for retail spaces
Where did you get that number?]
Its just dick move from UK side
Kingdom names always go before Dutchy names as the rules of titles suggest
People simply go to the cities to do procedures.
Well, first of all we'd need to ban a few bots and trolls, but I really don't have much of an idea.
Russia will control vital part of germany
1) How should one know if his comment is green tagged?
Theres always a huge line in McDonalds, thats another reason i guess
:DD
Aswell as the union between the Iberian countries as a united nation while Poland-Lithuania and their duchies depicted as different nations.
America first,Lithuania..third!
Going with "Italy" instead of "Venice, Papal States" and so on is, I don't know, incomplete.
Not sure how consulates work but assuming its the same as with embassies, didn't they just entered a foreign country lands and stole their flag?
Now because of her I call people babies too and sometimes It slips and I call them a baby in front of them
Definitely not against current Germany, but certainly in a historic sence
Could you tell, of course if you know, name of the soundtrack in the background that is playing?
Russia tried to stop us, shot at civil people, drove tanks over them, shot at journalists broadcasting live translation on tv, sent soldiers to kill our unarmed border guards
And the whole idea is that we skip the letters we don't pronounce or we use specific letters to reflect our language rules or pronunciation
It sounds almost unnatural
26 euros for our market is quite big tho :(
Med check, police background check, courses, exam, install a safe, and you get your license.
Just not the one that's propaganda bullshit left over from the illegal occupation.
During his reign, he expanded Lithuania to the Black sea he would've become the 2nd king but he died when he fell of the horse
Well, of course there are lots of people that don't mind logos, but I think in general, if people are given a choice between a shirt with a logo, or the same exact shirt, just without the logo, most would choose the logo-less variant
Do you mean
nuostatomis, jis neturi atsakyti pagal baudžiamaji istatyma
I'm not saying its against tanks (lol like a wall can stop tanks) or that Lithuanians flee to Russia (they'd rather Suicide) but again, it won't stop the smuggling either.
All other countries are separated into regions.
When I hear Dutch on camp sites I think "oh that's German, no wait that's an English word, oh wait that must be Dutch then"
Poland, Russia, Estonia
The brits:
Clean it
It's OT, I know, but every time I read "Lithuania" I can't help but think of those blondies.
It's not the immigrants we are afraid of.
He litelary posed you articles from mainstream media from the day after.
hey dude, why does your location say spain, if you're actually vilnietis
I think he's referring to their lack of safety and maintenance.
Oh wait
Delivery includes getting the piece into the living space
Well, we have those kind of bonfires too, and we also have special ones made just for jumping over like [here]
I'm lithuanian, but I live in poland, so I'll talk for both countries
no, I checked the article before I commented, it was fine
But I'm not sure, I never weighted my backpacks
And trying to label your country as Central European or Northern European is just delusional
From 36,000 young men on the conscription list, only 3,500 men are annually invited to do the mandatory military service, but all recruits since Lithuania reinstated conscription have actually been volunteers.
Well there's an easy and simple way to stop these people being elected.
The Baltics before the Soviet occupation were just like any other European countries, so there isn't too much to talk about
Correct me if I am wrong (and I might be) but social democrats is left, labour is fuck knows what and greens are center right.
2008 a beer in a bar in Lithuania/Vilnius was 1 euro, 2021 its 3
Lukashenko replies:
Dissolving the EU is now not what we need.
That thread is such a treasure trove
Worth it though
I find one "club" that has opening hours of 3hr once a week with the last post being a year old about them selling off their whole stock
She is from Lithuania, and the Lithuanian embassy is in Beijing: that's 1400km from Suzhou.
I never played EU4 online, but as far as I saw with youtube videos I am afraid this will fail with any pc :D I think right now there are more than 100 people who claimed a country (well at least more than I would be bother to count) so even if you have good pc your internet bandwidth might fail (again I don't know how much of it EU4 takes)
Mostly mistakes are just what is whose history or culture.
Also, Finno and Ugric are different branches of Finno-Ugric language group
Amazing
In lithuanian its *Plaktukas* literally translated means Whipper / Thrasher
Dont you do that [
You can hear somebody saying "O, tas žmogus tai tikras **ponas**, turi begalę pinigų" which would translate to "Oh, that person is really **rich/wealthy**, has a lot of money"
Some call toilet seat "white horse"
It's not wrong about Poland or Lithuania, we tried to get Eastern Latvia for ourselves.
Same with Lithuania and Smetona, he saw Lithuania as potential ally (even from his own mouth words came that we're part of the "master race").
Nice
IIRC Apple chooses to pay fines than rather change their chargers
Any recommendations
and I thought you watch "Sagan om Karl Bertil Jonssons julafton"
Labas, mano vardas Jonas
Rarely ever packages are left by the door (private houses), but even left by the door in an open view of anyone who would take interest to look, nobody has even walked in to my house territory
There are huge problems in Lithuania everywhere you'll look.
I'm tempted to do one about Lithuania
Or Lithuanian spoken with a heavy accent I'm not familiar with
Yep, when someone from Žemaitija region tries to speak Lithuanian to me
In Lithuania the small towns are definitely struggling because young people go to study in the bigger cities and eventually get a job, start families and generally do not return to their small towns
Saulė (sun) - feminine, mėnulis (moon) - masculine
Polish minority march in Lithuania:
All the other data is encrypted
If so what exactly does it mean?
When we were occupied by the Russians, after ww1 getting independence, then being occupied by soviets, nazis and then soviets again
I'm not, but I have a LOT of friends who are, and they are very happy for this change as well
really
Lithuania said found Russian spyware on its government computers
To some extent, I feel it would be improper to claim this symbol as the national flag.
* One can omit pronouns in most cases
Buckethead, the best guitarist in the world, or that one in the photo
Hope it comes back because if Lithuania has one why can't we?
I'm Lithuanian and I think that this country is interesting for no one
Lithuanias import friend is not russia anymore its germany lol
Also just a small tip for learning any language - write a diary in that language
I would bet that you also were thought about Europa, but you probably forgot that or skipped that school day.
Have in mind that it was time before nationalism and when countries used to identify with religion, so such act was a big breaking point.
They want to make it so people stay in Klaipėda then go to Neringa without their car and take a bus/bike to see the sights
Checks out
Russia
Any other details you can think of
It's simply useless
Luckily - not yet, and hopefully never
Every nation has the right of self-determination through peaceful and most importantly legal means.
It's simply *kepta duona* (meaning baked bread).
Don't contain minced pork and aren't covered in sour cream with smoked side bacon bits and onions
I wouldn't be surprised if it actually is a loanword taken from Baltic languages.
>>Poles best allies
Speaking to my colleagues at work, who are from places like Lithuania, Poland, Bulgaria, Latvia; they are also surprised and say it is because our GPs (your local everyday doctors) are knowledgeable in "lots of everything" whereas in Central Europe they have a doctor for specific stuff (he's the head doctor, she's for chest and lungs, etc) at their GP.
The only way this can succeed is if Russia has it's own mass protests and instability to not be able to focus outwards
He just took Polish nationality and language because those were convenient at the time.
They don't teach that in school
What time of the year was that?
Only kickboxing and some other martial arts, where we seemingly have some capable people.
Uhh, no offense Lithuania, but with that risk of a Personal Union under Poland, you are no valuable ally.
Its okay, Prussian Russian and Austrian empires are rapists and we need to talk about it loudly!
Please note, all countries south from Lithuania have some kind of fee for driving.
deer isn't that common but we do eat it and ducks are very common to eat
[14] The Soviets were impressed with the weapon and immediately set about developing an intermediate caliber fully automatic rifle of their own,[10][11] to replace the PPSh-41 submachine guns and outdated Mosin–Nagant bolt-action rifles that armed most of the Soviet Army
Some clothes to withstand rain
Studentas
I wish the Polish party in Lithuania was actually decent and not a bunch of Kremlin agents
It's layered and smooth, the dough is added with a paintbrush looking thing
thank you for your electricity <3
People in vilnius county, *especially* minorities, do not do that
The key word here is 'consider'. Many of them don't speak polish or care for polish culture
Did I step on that British nationalism
What's it like in your countries
We do not put French and English in the same group
Now if people want to protest they have to have a permit from the goverment or they would get prosecuted.
Dude who traveled *+2000km through entire Danube* on kayak:
Believe me, it's not good
Do you think that Afghanistan is going to invade and take over Kazakhstan, uzbekistan and Turkmenistan for the sole purpose of attacking russia
The opposite here :D wanna trade?
Well, it’s not spelled exactly the same but there is almost no difference when saying the two words in Lithuanian:
Look on germany is positive, as we strive to achieve german quality level
We need another week or so of these temps to hit them well
It was a joke about how people from vilnius see the world
Removal of Germans was done to compensate Poland for the territory lost in the East and Germans were removed from other countries (and Königsberg) to prevent Germany from having a justification for starting another war like this again in the future
So what do they do right in Latvia and Lithuania?
But I have a feeling that our greedy vendors and businessmen will round 〇〇,01 to 05
* One can omit pronouns in most cases
Other times, it isn't as creative
And yes, I can eat Nutella without bread, it's not too sweet.
QWERTY but instead of the number keys along the top we have letters like ą, ę, ė, š...
He has nukes and he is untouchable
Now that’s why i love history
Partizans against USSR occupation used to massively blow themselves up their faces with grenades too so they wouldn't be recognized
what
It felt like being in Germany
and it should remain that, the political comments in the article I mentioned was from years ago, not the current entry :D
To be fair it is arrogant for that old fart to support Turks or make promises to them.
Eating frites
On-base stuff, escorting military cargo etc.
Collecting trash is still one of my greatest joys in life.
You get a free bus ticket if you pay for parking there
I would like to thank Poland, for having Kaufland
*Baltarusija* is the common name for the country
We are on the same economic level.
Ah we have Tutti Frutti
And yet, here we are
I just realized from this thread that we stole and twisted 'hello' from English.
i was taught jugendherberge meant children's night hostels (rough translation), does it just mean hostels
Which is connected to high alcohol consumption and people in social risk families
I use my student ID with integrated ticket as there are the least hassle, I only need to buy a 55 € yearly pass online once a year
Oh, completely forgot about him, you're right thank you for correcting me
Just visit us
Poland-Lithuania ;)
Well I assume all languages have other names for Sun and Earth.
Oh, and this year I got really lucky on Wednesdays, because we don't have the first lesson that day
I think it's Nemi, a small town, the water from their pipe is a little carbonated and is mineral water
History is cruel and there was no 3rd option where nothing bad happened.
How is she so popular with all the obvious Russian financial backing and bias?
Its not about breaking but about reaction speed and prediction.
Substituting loan words with local vocalbury is a normal practice.
Some people say "Lithuanians are born with a basketball in their hands
Basically it is a reference to how long Lukashenko is the president of Belarus and him being an everlasting president that doesn't want to leave his post
Some politicians in Lithuania said that the people responsible for these sham elections will be banned from entering Lithuania, and we'll work to ban them from entering EU at all
Go to swear yourself
* Re-introduction of military draft
" Personally I would use this phrase when describing a language I don't understand or the one that sounds very foreign, also when somebody's describing something in very specific or technical terms that I don't understand
***how***
Lithuania is losing over 33,000 people a year.
Japanese embassy attack in Vilnius, Lithuania
Are you suggesting Lithuania is not poor now?
Braļuukaiii I love you alll, congrats
Since you have to learn 3 languages the whole school years you go
How many muslim armies are currently sat on 'Christendom' soil?
I don't know if you're not realizing the extent of the situation or are just spineless and would rather sell Ukraine out for some money, which given our collective history, is unacceptable.
I’m afraid that they still have negative feelings toward the rest of us
It has the dual benefit of being health conscious and hiding my ugly face
You are all welcome here
Woah
They always wanted to make sure I was comfortable, they were always respectful and gentle
Kurwa ja perdole
Every country has different cultures, some of them widely different, ideals is even more obscure a term
Zīrga gālva
We have nothing to do with you guys.
In the old days internet wasn't a thing, so friends and family were typically the way youd find a place anyway.
Now she is able to approve then before joining
[relevant]
I do kinda want it
We will throw out Russian language, and will enforce unconditional democracy
Ive got plenty of guests to smash them both
But +/- wasteland on Belarus side.
Paris felt like a really global city, somewhat more elegant than Berlin
In the "Das Boot" "Not yet, Kameraden, not yet!
She never said that to me :(
Meanwhile the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth mostly avoided the wars on religion and remained a society of multiple faiths, with Catholicism being dominant among ethnic Poles and Lithuanian nobility.
I think that's what they meant
tbh people who go to the movies dislike watching movies in lithuanian and prefer to hear the original english.
Surprise anschluss
uh UH NO NO
Unfienwy countwies
That's good enough for me
Same as you buy something in US and expect it to work just fine.
The visit is timely because the whole region is scared that the US might abandon them in the face of Russian aggression.
10⁶ - milijonas
Cultural marxism is the result of one of the longest times of prosperity our civilization has experienced, not the cause of it.
If you have 2-8M ethnic majority, and add immigrants - you go from Norway to Sweden, from Switzerland to Germany etc
There are some pretty landscapes, but the flatlands with an entire 0 hills are really unimpressive and cover most of the country
The same misinformation and covert influence was present in the states and their election.
Yes, there are lots of facebook groups dedicated to these things, mostly anti-vax
Ah yes the free speech to call for violance and discrimination against an ethnic group.
Brexit and Independent Scotland are incomparable situations.
Is EVERY space on the internet an American feminist space though
They invaded Poland in 39 then Finland, Romania, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania.
The republican states didn't want the old flags which represented the monarchy.
and
([visualisation]
I mean I can easily hold a conversation in a restaurant, shop, talk about simple subjects in Russian, but I'm still at least 3 years away from fluency and if a subject gets even a bit more complicated - I'm lost
Afterall Ukraine won last year with their god awful song.
We do not want their garbage food here
Ant kalno mūrai,
We have "šūdas" which means "shit", but other than that, not a lot
lmao tyvm for noticing my mad skillz
summer is half rain half wearing sweater with a couple of days 20°C+
But if you left the EU, all Lithuanian shoppers would vanish
If Russian are the biggest victims of the Soviet Union, I do wonder what were the Chechens, Ingushes, Crimean Tatars, Ukrainians, Abkhazians, Lithuanians, Latvians, and many others?
Latvians and Lithuanians make fun of Estonians being slow.
We fought war against them tho.
One Lithuanian sociologist wrote a monograph that includes exploring two different scenarios of how Lithuania would have ended up if not for the Soviet occupation
Idk
We can put anything we want in there
As one of my friends put it, Stalin left it as a long term thorn in our buttocks.
You can call yourself a "neo liberal center top protectionist magenta" for all I care
And even then it should be used only a couple of times.
Fourthly, it's that Latvian prefers feminine: we say "universitetas", "Berlynas", you say "universitāte", "Berlīne".
It's a shitshow on a level never seen before
>  Pažymeta, kad neblaivus asmuo nepraranda teises gintis
This is how all renovations of older buildings in Europe should look like
And the lounge walls were painted, yellow green and red!!
You see very bad out
The most convincing theory I've heard about this saying is that it originated in the first part of 20th century (interwar period).
So they may be regarded as heroes in Poland but they are rarely (if ever) mentioned here in Lithuania.
I understand and agree with that attitude
Oh my, to me this sounds like saying 'arctic circle starts only at the northermost point of Greenland'...
The glorious Baltolux Commonwealth has the best potatoes.
And in 1940 only one regime had wronger Lithuanian people
Portugal is seen as distant land from a Lithuanian perspective and at the borderland of continental Western/Southern Europe like Vilnius being borderland of Lithuania.
We also agree on this one for you
We're still burning shit
Neightbors that wish to war Isreal from existance maybe?
URIGA is 100% Lithuanian brand :)
I'm actually doing a school project about the baltic states (and their independence) right now!
Its so strange to me how Russia is trying to ruin their relationship with every European neighbour even Belarus.
Never better
In all seriousness, I am so sorry for all poles for what your government's been doing, its absolutely disgusting
They don't really have European values though.
I wear my jacket below 10 if it is not raining, I wear rainproof jacket if it is 10-15 and raining
Usa has simultaniously the most guns it has ever had and the least violent crime ever.
It was called the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
With around 3M global speakers Lithuanians can pretty much say whatever they want almost anywhere they want outside of Lithuania
When the second half of the school year comes, the groups switch places
One guy from the US stayed at my place in Lithuania with Couchsurfing.
But we have limits on amount of alcohol to bring with you back in Belarus.
Some people have a gap year, others have to do military service since we have mandatory conscription
"Anyone wishing to hear how Indo-Europeans spoke should come and listen to a Lithuanian peasant" - some French linguist said sometime in XX century.
Firstly the Baltics have to be taken as a strategic whole - that's why the Soviet Union annexed all three at once in 1940.
What makes this time different ?
Lithuania will take Vilnius, We will take Lithuania...
Only sub here i know that is mainly meme based is r/demiko
There's not a high chance of Islamic terrorism in my country, so seeing the amount of comments from local Christians that rather that reacting by *"Oh ####, somebody got brutally murdered"*, mostly begin with *"He should have respected religion"* is what worries me
Petersburg, since it is a source for a crapton of money
Because you're not Lithuanian and you know jack shit about my country, so please stfu.
Following a border incident in March 1938, Poland presented an ultimatum to Lithuania, demanding the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between Poland and Lithuania and the previously closed border with Poland to be re opened.[65] Faced with the threat of war, the Lithuanian government accepted the Polish demands.
That state is the reason why our language manage to survive under harsh Russian Empire ban on Lithuanian literature and language.
I use qwerty but Lithuanian is with ąčęėįšųūž on the top
Its nothing better than a good table with data...
Austria is one of the more pro russia countries in EU
I know that you will just have to set those institutions, but it will take time, it would be bit dump for EU to accept members that don't even have their institutions properly functioning yet, and the process of joining EU will be a bit harder if you try to join us after britain already left the EU
I was about to ask what was the point of different colour houses.
Crazy smart, but crazy evil
Christmas eve 24th, Christmas 25th thats when we exchange gifts
Emotional eating is really dangerous
We're actually doing quite good.
Russia
100%.
God bless Turkey for its kebabs and decent barbers
We also have Žalia Rūta as an insult, i can’t even imagine it being an insult in the english language
Edit: awesome to know how many of you guys can take a joke
As an engineer, it wouls be very useful to learn german, swedish and french
I kind of disagree about Poland
My family has mandatory car insurance.
Meant bicycles
Of course, it's only like 20 minutes away from a city with like 50000 people
My parents live abroad
It's as if larger "historical forces" were at work :)
In 2019 I sometimes had a proper meal in the morning and most of the time at dinner
When she showed that Hitler salute it didn't even occur to me that it could possible become something very controversial, because the entire show she was acting insane and funny.
If i had to write one, it would be:
We are quite different from Ukraine and Belarus.
Despite him having 8 children, I am the only one that can continue my Lithuanian name.
1993-1997 we signed agreements to demilitarize all our borders.
For a moment I thought this was Lithuania.
Point is real politics are a thing of the past,
The card machines in shops treat that as acting like a credit card
Some "ecological" apples
How do you get brow if you never turned red before?
* Sovet putsch and emerging of Yeltsin
9 litres per capita)
It's impossible to make a conversation
Clearly tree's are the main tread.
It's like Lithuanian Halloween
I don't think there was much possible to be done barring a straight up US Tanks in Moscow style deal.
Non-Keynesian model when there is a boom and a Keynesian model when there is a crisis sounds nice!
Famous Lithuanian *writes a Polish name...* I get he was a polish kind and Duke<King but if you are talking about jis place of origin why not use his original name?
I'll correct it
I always assumed that nude meant no clothes on.
The fort fought for 9 days and then made a truce - they pledged loyalty to the attackers, gave some silver, loot and hostages who in turn then left.
I can look in the mirror knowing I haven't facilitated lies and deaths of other people.
The whole world hopes to normalize it's relationship with Russia.
Can't, quarantine
They do exist, but they are pretty rare though
My condolences to any of my diesel-driving brothers caught in the crossfire
Šia teise jis gali igyvendinti neatsižvelgdamas i tai, ar galejo išvengti kesinimosi arba kreiptis pagalbos i kitus asmenis ar valdžios institucijas
People also assume that because I'm tall I must love playing it and am good at it but I'm really not.
Then after that just try and learn the words you use in your daily life
brits were always wack
Soviet union however was one man to rule them all, with others agreeing or risking to be executed
Chechoslovakian parliament wrote a notice to the USSR parliament, that they are planning to open a Ministry of Maritime affairs
Euro in 2015
Instantly writes off a person as untrustworthy or weird
So I guess that
You do realize the only reason Finland was on Nazis side is because like few years before Soviets tried to occupy Finland just like Baltic countries
Is this the kind of country we fought for on the January 13th?
Like what are we supposed to do
You need to realize Hitler didn't saw England, Poland or Lithuania as enemies, he wanted them to be allies with him, but Nazism is hella drug.
Theres always a huge line in McDonalds, thats another reason i guess
I've found interpretations suggesting it's a propagandist photo, and some suggesting it wasn't published until the 1980s because the boy is not smiling in the photo, and that's not the idealistic way government wanted Soviet people to be portrayed in
9 - 15 summer jacket
Looking at this thread, it seems like pretty much everyone disagreeing with this POV are specifically Lithuanian while Estonians and Latvians don't seem to care as much.
Rest in peace, Stefan, you will be missed by me and so many others
2 of those roads are arteries of the city, which allow fastest commutes imo
More looks like someone wants ethnic Russians with strong sentiments to Russia to leave
I suppose it could, since we tend to be a little reserved
Do you even know what this is
And sometimes it's bad quality
It refers to our King/Grand Duke.
People don't realise how rich these cultures are and can't see past old towns
Edit: also as far as I know, it is possible to carry a concealed weapon if you have a specific licence for that, but for example if you have the gun in your car with you, it has to be out of reach, so if you’re driving, you can’t have it in the glovebox, it should be in the boot, to reduce spontaneous use
This band is so underrated and I don't get how are they not popular around europe yet
At least we are higher than Lithuania, which is nice.
Before that it was only Grand Duchy of Moscow eating other Russian principalities and rivalizing with Lithuania (later Poland too) for the hegemony in the region.
They let in China's businesses with little restrictions, they are obviously world region.
Whenever it's used, it is done so to evoke what's functionally 19th century images.
Some overlaying Baltic and Indo-European elements are shared between the two, but independent gods and nation specific folklore exists.
Also, it rumored that it's named after Polish travelers asked *Niemna czy nie* (is this the river of Nemunas or not)
Idk to be honest, but if I have to chose I'd say the revolut card
Bulgaria has rich heritage, why would they need to steal someone else.
Utena County (northeastern Lithuania)
Kaunas at least has some main roads near it and a way to go around the city.
If that goes off we know other uses for internet cable
That's exactly what it is, because it was set up in the age where families had 6 kids and it was seen as completely fine.
- And what's happening to her (?)
Poland-Lithuania commonwealth was kinda westerny for literally ages, especially if compared to Russia.
Few of my classmates have never been, but that was a few years back, maybe this newer generation does have more money to spend on vacations.
That's because spices are natural preservatives
Yes, because then Lithuania crushes Poland and the Russias and we have a hegemonic power starting from the HRE and ending in the urals.
What is it called in Latvian, Lithuanian, and Estonian?
Oh, and have a mini umbrella
One that even many native speakers don’t understand well and how to use it correctly
This was a burning issue at least since 2015, even couple of week before incident this law was supposed to be considered at parliament, but has been put aside for "next session".
How can Germans not know where Baltics are and especially Lithuania are...
We also put the accent on "pe". Idk if it's the correct way, but we do it
Low ratings
Almost no chance anyone will understand
And the day to day reality, say if you worked in a sausage factory, changed a lot for you
The forest of Gods by Balys Sruoga
Sand was brought and drifted by streams "running from glaciers".
Estonia did move ministry of education to Tartu back in 2001, not sure if it had any sort of benefits though.
Because it involves only Germanic/Slavic/Romance, fuck the Celts, Balts, Greeks etc.
yeah, bu the problem is trump says something insulting or confrontational towards Europe, and everyone else is on damage control.
minimum requirement of 2% GDP spent on defence
Could someone explain who is Oswald and what did he do to be hated so much
Meanwhile, Lithuanian diplomatic service around the world continues to work till today without interruptions of Soviet (1 year), Nazi (3 years) and another Soviet (45 years) occupations
* Jogaila (Jagiełło in Polish) (The ruler who started baptising lithuanians)
I heard something like :" If you add "as" ending to any Russian word , you will get Lithuanian language"
The only conversations I've had with Lithuanians where on /r/europe .
Still
Actually there were more Belarusians there than either Poles or Lithuanians, but you don't see Belarus bitch about it.
Everyone in this survey knows about Austria but 2% don't know Germany
It's not so much about ethnicity, you know.
Vilnius - around 600k people
It seems a heard name but it's not heard too
I'm perfectly satisfied, that said I'm of an average height for my age.
Out of 4 inatitutions you have listed only one may get called excessive, but it's understandable because EU is supranational body.
Yes, it happened to me as well
Global warming, we are under water.
I think religion is very much overestimated in Lithuania
Thank uou dear bro
~30€ for a T-shirt
Literal though police will happen
I really don’t give a shit about basketball(not even when our team is playing)
Will also message the mods that now we have proof.
This is very interesting news...
My mistake
So once I find out what a Lithuanian word means, I can often sort of understand why, and it maybe reminds me of some old, archaic Latvian.
You do realize that the only reason why more people speak French in Ireland, rather than Lithuanian, is because French is easier, and it's a fuckload funnier to make fun of you guys when you visit, always "la puke", "le vomeeeraaaaaaaaaan"...
There are a few very friendly neighbors who start small talk
People have more kids the lower their living standard is, because kids bring in money when they grow up.
I think they are also causing mayhem in other countries so that Russians wouldn't have time to think about internal issues and only focus on how Russia is heroically struggling against the "evil American empire" and their satellite states.
So, literally no one says that in Lithuania
As you may know, Russia has a lot of official languages.
Probably [Eglė, the Queen of Serpents]
look how that turned out for him
Over here the minimum wage is 380 EUR.
but, but 4 jets in Lithuania make us **feel** very insecure!
Oh yes, smart businesses doing their thing.
Putin's rule pushed domestic and social development into regression.
The Baltic States, especially Lithuania and Estonia have pretty much caught up in car ownership with countries like Sweden.
This is also a feature in RP, albeit it's less pronounced than in Lithuanian
You Germans are awesome, look at how you bounced back from WW II, meanwhile we (Lithuania) have highest suicide and alcoholism rates in europe and depending on source in the world (say top 5 in both for sure
It's all about Chop n' Go now
Btw, Estonia is in the right here, if that isn't obvious
During that time Russians downed the MH17 over Ukraine and it was pretty interesting to watch their propaganda on TV while checking facts in Lithuanian/English/Ukrainian websites simultaneously
To be more pricese, the suffix is *-ija* and the stem is *suom*. Most country names in Lithuanian end in *-ija*.
Love it
Ending of such surname does not reveal any belonging, place or affiliation
How is Lithuania so religious
If there are circles, I'm not adjacent to any of them
> Estonia, Lithuania or Bosnia,
Yeah, I always found the architecture in Tallin to be rather unique...
Bischen
Taking the boats back to the country of origin regardless of their protests.
No way would I go 500 km just to shop
Doesn't strike me as very right wing, at least I hope not, that like my go to phrase
>CONSTITUTION
I'm honestly surprised they're not trying harder to ensure sea access in the Danish strait, historically it's been one of the main geographic factors hindering Russia's geopolitical strength and even economic development
Believe it or not, but there actually are people who like having parliament in Strasbourg every now and then.
Some people may say something similar to "you're speaking Chinese" and Lithuanians would understand the phraseology, but it's not commonly used
Its a bit odd to call us swing countries when we all are actually worried about German/French/Dutch elections because of growing anti EU sentiment there, meanwhile I never heard anyone here or in Latvia and Estonia calling for EU exit.
Lithuanian guerrillas who fought against Soviets are considered legit military veterans these days
The kind that used to be white, but now not even the [Spanish inquisition] could purge yellow and brown colours
Yeah but it would be nice if this turd flinging contest would stop...
Not realistic
A court was held but he was justified, because person's right to self defense is above the law forbidding drunken carry and use of weapons
Again shove Communistic idealogy up your ass.
The percentages of people living in poverty are steadily dropping, so are stats like preventable disease deaths or child mortality - and subsistence farming in preindustrial conditions is a very fickle affair with constant famines and other misfortunes
That's the only comment in this thread that makes sense.
Can't they just suppress the [j] sound at the end
According to one man...that is not compatible.
What 8 €/month gets you in Lithuania
I mean, it already was the lingua franca of all Europe a few centuries ago.
If you come to Estonia or any of the Baltic states you must be willing to put aside a little bit of your multiculturalism.
The furthest I have traveled at all was in 2014, spending 3 days in Helsinki.
"Čėdyti" is a dialectical loanword from the Slavic languages meaning "to save, protect, put aside", and it's appropriate as Virgin-ijus is the Commissioner for the Environment, Oceans and Fisheries
As for world-context language skills: english, spanish, russian
First, the term was stretched as if prohibiting kids to eat cookies is something alike to hanging, drawing and quartering
Do you even know the situation in Belarus
We in Lithuania reintroduced conscription in early 2015 (because of Putin's wild adventures).
Henry VIII - Enrikas Aštuntasis
c) Reading old books
I think you meant formerly
It is a really good looking flag, but it's just too traumatic for people to see
Soviets capture Vilnius and Kaunas in the summer of 1944, Klaipėda in January 1945
A lot of people colloquially call šakotis "baumkuchenas" or "bankuchenas".
Yorkshire pudding with Cumberland sausage is simple and tasty
Isn't that Canadian spelling
It was in the center of conflict between lithuania and poland during WW2, so it belongs to poland now, despite being ethnically lithuanian
Neither do I, but they themselves voted on that so, whatever.
There were more Poles there than Lithuanians.
Well in Lithuania there is this instance, the houses speaker claiming to be good at English
Or when police arrested a guy in Vilnius, who proceeded to steal AK from police car when they stopped for w/e reason and then got out of car and ran away while handcuffed.
Telling you the truth I know more things about China and the Us than about Latvia and Estonia, btw I learned English while watching cartoon network...
Mantė is a female lithuanian name, so interesting coincidence
~25% to our current 4
somehow
Though Canadian and European cities don't look a like.
Why a country with so much oil being sold is considered to be VERY poor in all types of ratings, while fairytale countries like Quatar, Kuwait exist
Do housewives really need to pay?
Nice to hear
What further reinforced my beliefs in the gods back when I was a kid, was probably old 1950s cartoons like [this] that showed them.
You do not know who is firing at you or where the shots are comming from they could be half a mile from you.
Poland trying to be russian :)
Poor example, but first thing that came to mind and showcases 3 out of 5 words in that sentence being skipped
Lithuania
Climate wise, we experience heat and cold, probably not as much cold as the north and not as much heat as the south, although I’m bigger heat fan than cold, so it’s quite meh for me
Finnish and Estonian language are related
You'd need to choose "Use Google in English" on the bottom to get there.
When i looked in there assessment of Lithuanian press freedom they wrote about quite miniscule incident ( about how main party of Lithuania tried somewhat temper with press freedom here, which is of course bad, but of course it was denounced and they simply backtracked it )
I'm melting >33
It's a holiday, where skinny guy - kanapinis (Cannabis) fights a fat guy - lašininis (bacon/lard)
- Don't worry, I'm here Navsegda too
The rest of Northern Europe would then be in Northwestern Europe, which would be Scandinavia and Iceland basically.
America had nothing to do with the growing NATO influence there.
Lithuanians - positive about the EU, even while hanging from their ceiling.
Ah yes, a New FM project
There's a reason the invasion is slow and under a separatist banner, its by design.
Invention has an ''unnatural'' connotation to it, i.e it has an element of chance
Vidur prūdo plūdur bliūdas, vidur bliūdo pluta plūdo
And russia still denies everything.
A roller coaster, designed to kill it's passengers, called the [Euthanasia Coaster]
Another geographically-challenged American confusing Lithuania with Louisiana.
Lithuania tourism advert used fake photos
We got the boat (hehe) already.
For Lithuania: general quality, waiting times and what we call "treating you as a person". When you go to private clinics, the wait times are small, the doctors are nice, you can easily get an MRI, you can go straight to a specialist without a need for referral from GP (super annoying and time consuming), you can actually get treatment for cosmestic stuff
Thanks for sharing these wonderful images
I did not regret getting soaked to the undies while walking there.
To card/student ID (one ticket or month/year)
Damn, bringing me sad memories.
Because we have palatalized (soft) sounds (shared feature in Lithuanian, Russian and Belarusian languages)
Lithuanian name would be the best - Lietuva
We had snow for like 4 days total
Like one of redditors said, quote "When I traveled to Lithuanian I thought it's language will be close to that of Polish, boy how I was wrong" end quote and I agree with lingustics who want to group Baltic and Slavic branches differently, I just don't understand anything in Slavic, but I find similiarities in that of ancient Greek, Sankrit or even Latin texts, even German is as close as Polish is.
I have had few 500 notes in my hands on probably 3 separate occasions, but I've never seen a 200 note, at least don't recall it.
The anti-Soviet pro-democratic guerrilla war starts immediately after the Soviet re-occupation
Yeah, that's the bait and switch part I'm reffering to
It's basically the same country, but with better economy.
One of our first books from the 16th century was by one of our priests expressing his concern about all the priests preaching in Polish and forgetting the Lithuanian language.
Her voice is very deep and adds much to her looks/height
It just has that unique feel
Truth is - there is no safe way to be neighbours with Russia, because that's "their thing".  Even country like Belarus, who are all into pleasing Russia, has problem with them
* **Head of government**: The main point of a head of government is that they lead the government
But for simplification can we just call them Teutons?
I think it is quite interesting
As I assume it would require even more standardization of road signs and rules.
The values that Europe brings are too unspecific, they could be applied to any civilised nation (liberty, freedom of speech, human life, etc.).
b) Randomly
Mandatory military conscription
Nor the person who is "stealing culture" have done anything bad to the person who is complaining.
There can be some problems with words that have double consonants or consonant assimilation
Yup, you got it
We were occupied three times and then after fifty years we gained independence by forming a human chain of around 2 million people that spanned well above 600k km across the baltic states
Food is probably similar to the rest of the Baltic countries and kind of similar to the Nordic ones, just after christianization the only meat "allowed" on the 24th is fish, usually all kinds of herring.
Haven’t heard such a thing
And also sucks
Nothing special
Almost no chance anyone will understand
That's a lot of vegans
Unlike other such traditional religious communities, neopagans don't live together in a distinct region, live all over the country and really don't have any longer history as a religious community.
Fucking with people by giving them bullshit tips is one of the main reasons why I wanna live beyond 100 years
Do I even need to say anything
Sure, it gave many nations independence
Countries like Azerbaijan already have considerably good relations with Russia.
Or theres always that one friend of a friend who knows, does or has the stuff that you desperately need and somehow cooperate together to get it done for smth symbolic like a bottle or just a thank you
I answered the normal citizen question two times now.
There is not a lot of what could be demolished at first place
The food is at least as good as many other places in Europe.
Samogitia is located in the western part of our country and tends to be a bit more agrarian and less inhabited than their Highlander counterparts, and are thus subject to redneck jokes from the rest of the country.
How is it Germanized
French people are one of those who actually like EU.
Kaunas is the most Lithuanian city
For some odd reason the older I got the less books we had to carry
Then explain how I can play as Lithuania in the 1444 start in EUIV.
I (Lithuanian) have dated some German guys and an Australian guy
Look at the communist and our old flag
Polish people can go from kindergarten to university by speaking polish
Good luck with that, Scotland
He was a true national treasure for both countries
Partitioning countries would be very easy if that was allowed.
We can't let ourselves become puppet states to Russia or US or similar.
Because the first aggressors were Russia ?
There are ways around it even with the change.
I kinda miss the green passport though.
Anyone know about Nida in Lithuania?
Heh British bureaucracy gone wild
In my country a lot of names are actually plant names (especially trees or flowers) or names of some other natural phenomenons (the sun, amber,  storm, etc)
My original idea was to show just how absurd the article is and how, in general, the Russian authorities want to portray Europe to ordinary Russians.
If I were you I would consider sleeping in a car, much easier to get away with.
Atlanta
This is how our language survived as well.
But I don't want all that CO2 locally, just send it to Amazon, there is a big forest there, it will absorb it
– fostering national concord in the land of Lithuania,
Okay now this is a whole new level
We dwell on the bitterness of history, we constantly compare today with what was, trying to run as far away from it while it is still possible
What is your "Happy independence day!" ?
(1994)
They googled "How to swear in Lithuanian". Google thought he wanted to know what is "to swear" in Lithuanian from that query
We still celebrate Dziady (Vėlines in Lithuanian), žolinės (Zielna), Jorė (Idk how it's called in polish, rasos šventė (morning dew holiday) and even more
Spain however has some problems with economy of it's own.
never knew you had š and ž too.
Latvia is the most forested in Europe
Fuck yeah we get Netherlands, jackpot
africa addio
almost makes you want to get off your chair and sing the ''tautiška giesmė'', don't you think
ITS CALLED LATVIA
Also, it rumored that it's named after Polish travelers asked *Niemna czy nie* (is this the river of Nemunas or not)
Interesting
So by your calculations we should still be a country in 30 years at this rate.
* First open anti-Soviet protest on 1987 08 23
The only reason I would cut food first is if I am scrolling on my phone with other hand or using a computer while eating, but that would never happen in a formal environment
The Soviets annexed it and made it a part of the RSFSR for strategic reasons, not Poland or Lithuania.
Slipping on rocks and watching some guy jump off the bridge
Actually, no
At least in 2016 in US and Brexit the side that had majority according to polls lost.
That's what I was going to say haha
I can read pronounciations, I know each and every sound in English language, I have no problems with them individually at all, but the combination th and r (three) just kills it for me :D
It is like asking fish not to swim.
It's the closest university(and second biggest city) from where I live.
On 1941 06 22 Germany invades Soviet Union and the uprising in Lithuania starts, on 23 June the Provisional Government declare restoration of independence, but the Germans come, start the Holocaust and scatter Lithuanian government
We shall see how Russia evolves in the future.
It's not annoying
I would go so far as to say, that he's the worst president so far
Mainly Normans, who conquered England.
• Jogaila
The country of Lithuania is independent democratic republic
basically you have to find veterinarian who is able to issue dog's international passport.
But I loved the nature, sheep, rock juniper and all that.
We also have a strong bond with all our classmates, don't know how it is in other countries, but we basically stay in the same class with the same people from the age of 6 to 18, so naturally, they become sort of like your family
Well, russians were immigrants.
Seems like he is bad at corruption.
Well the issue with a player streaming is that you will focus on your own country and won't be even able to see what's happening in India or Americas for at least mid game.
However, it doesn't justify any kind of discrimination.
In your country, do people tend to move from smaller towns to the big cities, or the other way around
But if you ask Lithuanian on the street about what is happening in US, most people would only know the big things that happened and, only in the basic way
It's just their statistics for salaries and pensions don't really give an idea of well off households, nor do the emigration rates.
Paying different prices in cash and in card
The fact that a lot of jewish people, that stemmed from israel, came back to israel after WW2, could also be impactful culturally
Liettua is very close to how we call ourselves - Lietuva
I am aware Lithuanians were taught Russian as their second language only 20years ago, now its English.
You were betrayed by powerful criminals, yes
That's their ideology, so yes
Most companies use methanol or ethanol laced with poison to avoid taxes imposed in drinkable alcohol.
That's cool but how do you talk to them when they are not in a mood to listen?
If there is a single man(there isn’t, it was a team effort) that is deserving the name of the inventor of the atomic, it was probably Robert Oppenheimer
None
based on how francophile Russia was back in the day, I assume they got it from the french too
Articles [46
It's been clear from the start the energy productions has to become cleaner.
We have a cat named "Kitten" or Katukas in our language, he was supposed to be Tiger, but that didn't take.
They would probably go to Vilnius if they would go to EE, we have a lot of people who are educated for that field.
American movies and western books were very strictly controlled and censored in the USSR
You are 2/3 of the way towards an African flag.
Though if you look closely, there are subtle, but key different features between russians and ukrainians, lithuanians and belarusians, latvians and estonians, estonians and suomi, italians and greeks, italians and spanish, swedes and norwegians etc
Not to you, fellow russians
We first start off with German entry into the Rheinland, then we learn about the Sudetenland crisis, the annexation of Czechoslovakia, the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact, and then we learn about the official start of the war on the 1st of September, 1939 when Germany invades Poland, while the Soviet Union invades them shortly after as well
They taught us that it was absolutely terrible
And I am sure I can find adult videos with Italian santa translation
Same, first on the list I know nothing of
How to enter main road from a side road as a lorry driver in the eastern bloc:
I don't want to talk about it
Also the virtuous hunter appreciates the hunt more then the catch.
You start seeing them as more than just another human being, you start getting attracted to them, or they may start getting attracted to you, and even if both sides aren't interested in each other that way, there will always be annoying pricks that start spreading gossip that you're dating this girl if you hang out with her
But I feel like the three of them made especially big impact to our generation:
Record once and upload to internet (this is getting a bit dark)
Some teachers started joking, that the kids should be able to teach about this better than teachers themselves
These maps are usually very wonky.
[Spotify link to a shitty song ]
This isn't a comparative issue, btw
If Lithuanians are disatisfied with the actions of Europe and NATO then they can lobby their government to use a large percentage of their GDP to build a strong army.
Traditionally: Vytautas the Great  (1392-1430) and Stephen Bathory (1576-1586) reigns and, of course, the interbellum (1918-1940)
Tried to spread the Jesus meme.
Christmas Tree in Vilnius, Lithuania
So word order is a lot less important than it is in analytic languages like English
Yeah I am well aware of that
Greitoji pagalba (ambulance) - the quick help
Enjoy your lovely winter weather while it you can]
And most of the time they are from western EU.
Not quite as extreme as Quebec, where they translate brand names, but similar in a way.
It's a level 3 mage
German, dutch, french, italian spanish are very easy.
Duisburg Murcia are the next ones on the list I haven't heard of
I had only 5 hours in Amsterdam, so I need to revisit it back some day
Sometimes it's just a curfew, where they must return home before 10pm or whatever and check in
Try to read a 15th century Lithuanian text, you'll understand maybe a couple of words per page.
Vilnius in 1940 vs Vilnius in 2020
Highest hill in Lithuania is 293m only
I'd say, germany is central, but definitely leaning towards western europe
Ah yes
When I lived in flats [Khrushchyovkas] I knew some neighbors just because we went trick or treating in February (a tradition, and easy, but risky way to get some money and treats)
My uncle lived in Russia for like 20 years after USSR fell.
Pilsudski is one of founding fathers for Poles, but a half-Lithuanian-who-stole-our-capital guy for us
Those houses are not typical for the region, [they are shacks that can't be torn down because people aren't willing to move out and no one is willing to pay them enough money for the land] yet.
Means 24hours or a day (not night or day specificly)
They board it and find porn magazines scattered around, porn posters on the walls, etc
this photo reminds me of my dog who passed away recently
For some reason the first one that came to mind is "Tri Poloski", mostly because it was extremely overplayed (especially in my middle school)
It's 30 EUR now
It's sad and people are definitely not doing business as usual, but there isn't army patrolling on the streets or drones flying overhead.
I made it here because it's easy to reach a lot of people from different European countries easely.
Happy Birthday Lithuania, one of the nicest places I've visited.
Well we do have tendency overwork ourselves.
Mine did too
Deimunitive term for brother, it's translated as little brother
What is 20 pages when browsing reddit?
Now this is art
Oh dear, Scotland will have to ease access for imigrants if they want to satisfy that demand for unemployment
Edit: information regarding other religions would be incorporated into other subjects
Is EVERY space on the internet an American feminist space though
I think it's the blend of our horrible past, history where killing yourself was more prideful then losing
However, I know several men and one woman who got beaten up or with whom others wanted to start a fight, but I don't think it's related to the time of the day
Buy a beer: 20
Eastern
But I’ve seen another comment saying they did
SA government is killing people because of religion, so yeah, they like a religious organisation.
Someone would be like "ok, I love this flower so I'm gonna name my daughter after it, even though I've never heard of anyone else named after that flower". Does this count as an "experiment"? By your definition, I suppose it does, but is it really a bad thing
Not everything is in the criminal record
Some guys opinion is not an argument.
no obviously not, hot takes on wikipedia are usually edited out immediately, but due to the small number of speakers that take was there for a while
Just "velnias".
Poland, Russia and Germany
Half my friends speak Lithuanian with English words in between, so mo, not really
EDIT: Some comments pop up, so - Yes, they didn't remove the [Don't be evil] from their code of conduct
So everybody’s mixing now
Other than that, nothing like that exist really
I said the jews that *stemmed* from israel came back
(In my experience
One of the most pro-American countries so really uncommon.
So technically, very technically, you can call Latvia, Lithuania and Poland colonial powers :)
I frankly don't see the problem if you're going to stay in the UK anyways.
I am not agitating pro USSR or for Lithuania to became part of Russia in any way.
Considering there is a law in the Baltics, that during national holidays there has to be a flag hoisted on every house (failure to do so can get you a fine) - no, not weird at all
Most people say 'Eastern Europe' in general, but not anything specific
I‘ve heard that drug prices are quite similar in all of Europe
A week ago there was a Trump graffiti Kissing Putin in Lithuania, now they build a wall to block immigrants that smuggle stuff into their country...hmm sounds like someones policy but i just cant't put a finger on whos :/
I've only heard it called "silkutė" (herring) once or twice to offend a woman...
If i had to write one, it would be:
su kuciom :D
they haven't even symbolically tried to move away from the Soviet legacy
Except Lithuanians, origin of *Vokietija* is unknown, otherwise we would be calling you *Teutonija* (tauta - nation in Lithuanian) since Teutonic Order was our first contact with Germans.
Well I know what humans can do.
Well this war helped us to break free from Russian Empire
Oh, my bad
Whats the percentage of his votes?
My grandfather was a Lithuanian Jew born in Vilinus.
Movies and cartoons of them were on TV here
Businesses can claim the VAT back if they make purchases for business reasons.
Some Brits say "You 'right
I would genuinely believe in all of that, I would think that if I wandered off too much into the forest Laumes would find and eat me for being a disobedient child, or when I would hear thunder, I would think that Perkūnas was angry and throwing his lightning bolts around, I still sometimes think that even though I know the true causes of lightning.
Such a clever memorial
All my grandparenta and parents stood in the Baltic Way and my father left Vilnius just in the evening of 12th January, 1991
Leaving the union would benefit them more
Symbolizing the Sun, the Grass and the Blood spilled for the homeland, if you're interested.
isnt that the same
Sometimes there are patrols of border officers on major road crossings, usually for ambushing some people traffickers or other criminals
Same here
I actually want to ask if anyone knows university prices in Vilnius
Sveiks brali
Instead of a man, like Ireland
Russian - Священная Римская Империя
Lithuania seems either willfully ignorant or stupid.
Slavic Macedonia claims Hellenic (Greek history) as their own, Alexander's Empire as their own.
"Best way to get into D&D is just go to your local gaming or comic book store and -" nope, those don't exist
Well you certainly have mastered the principle of the alphabet.
Aight you're joking
Capitalism would not really surprise a lot of medieval/feudal people, especially if they were from the merchant/tradesmen class
President:
And Gabriel Narutowicz, It's almost as if liths had been making Poland great for centuries.
Just because something originally had a great idea but changed over time isn't immune to criticism
Now that Belarusian people are fighting for change, we support them - wholeheartedly
If more people in the Balkans got high as shit all the time, maybe they wouldn't
[Here's ] the wikipedia article about it
Sorry to nitpick, but i just want to say that Latvian and Lithuanian aren't Slavic, but Baltic.
[For that you will need Lithuanian dynasty.]
And you should adjust to your location on the globe a bit.
Same, I have never heard of them.
The book in bookshelf (top one)is Forest of god's by Balys Sruoga my favourite I have read it like million times and yes it have English version
"Electricity went out in my house, so domophone doesn't work, therefore I cannot get out"
Yes, hello I'm one of them
'Give me a drink' in bar scenes
I think if you're registered as a person seeking job you're excluded from this tax.
Sadly most of our historical artifacts have been destroyed or stolen during conquest
To me this was something like a Norway deal.
There are very few people left who speak like that, most of them if not all of them are old people from Kresy region(former eastern Poland, nowadays southern Lithuania, western Belarus, western Ukraine) who grew up in places with significant eastern slavs minority.
K, dude
We don't really celebrate or do something about world war one
Turn gay
Слава Украине!
Your soldiers are more than enough a detterent.
These little inconvenient coins should vanish
However, they are less frequently done for females, so Hillary Clinton usually remains Hillary Clinton
this sub is mostly pro EU so asking for its opinion I will get a name of the most po EU candidate.
Pretty sure France is known in Europe as Queen "of not letting go".
I think he meant that there is no discontent because of the current foreign policy.
In standard Lithuanian these sounds are (should be) very different but nowadays everyone (especially in the capital) tends to shorten all the vowels (most likely English influence).
About foreigners not willing to live bette on foreign land
Those 3 countries were the first that came to mind because they all lost land to Russia/Russian backed forces.
I feel like it's the case for anyone older than 20, or maybe even now
Kazakhstan is culturally more similiar, considering it shares a soviet past along with a lot of european countries
I think a huge part of the problem is that Americans are indeed taught to be very well spoken and structure their thoughts in ways it appears they know what they're talking about, having all the right intellectual buzzwords to expound on the empowerment of buying shitloads of makeup and whatnot, but they don't know how to read a fucking book or process it
It is an form of soft power where people learn more things about your culture, it becomes something like an commercial for your country and culture...
Except for public sector
But fidesz should help you out
Gintaras ( amber)
Major topics are political and local Lithuanian extravagansa
When times are tough (now), MP works as backup police force, along with volunteer military force and military guild/volunteers "šauliai"
The reality of a USSR > Capitalist shift is that it's a power shift, and in power shifts you have winners and losers
One can even look at the recent refugees/migrants, who were getting more money than pensioners who helped try to make the country a good place to live.
We still have random                - 30C for at least a whole month in winter with so much snow you can barely walk or drive somewhere
What you, a strong independent Russian, can do in your daily life that is verboten for an ordinary Romanian?
While my vocabulary is weak, I can quite easily pick out words when listening to someone speaking
Also your buses were very convenient, the service was really good
We're not talking about how, or which culture change happened, but if it happened and the answer is yes, it did
You hear and see the latvian...but it's off, like nails on the chalkboard.
Im from the great bunch of kids
Personally, I think it shows a boy who's been put into a politicised uniform to represent something he's neither aware of nor cares about; you can see kids in the background smiling and looking on inquisitively (and I can't see the signature neck-tie of pioneers on them), but the boy in the foreground seems ambivalent; I think it's about putting your agenda onto others, some who might not be able to reject it, to give that agenda an image you desire, but that it doesn't necessarily possess
I don't see why this one would be bad for us.
It is sometimes considered it's own language
I guess I could point out three
We had a short stint of being a regional power in the 15-17th centuries but now we're just a small nation almost at the edge of europe
Maybe if you fucking asshats wouldn't shit on white cis males as "oppressors" all the goddamn time we wouldn't be in this fucking mess
I'm third year medical student, now every student of university (including interns) got 2 weeks of holidays
Fuel running out while driving somewhere far away
[ɣ] is a Velar Fricative just like [x], and both are very similar sounds
No, but the part of the country within an hour's drive or so from the the Polish border goes grocery shopping in Poland due to lower prices and lower VAT rates
It's just Austrian history leading to WWI
I think credit cards are more of an American thing, the Europeans that I've encountered usually use debit, but some Dutch card readers treat all Visas and MasterCards as credit
Thanks
In Lithuanian there are genders, but we know it instantly when we hear or see the word, cause everything ending with s is masculine and everything ending with a or e is feminine except for very few minor exceptions
I don't live in Lithuania, but I'd be armed and fighting if any Russian soldier bothered to step onto Lithuanian soil
maybe they just fully integrated?
Lithuanian-language publications that used Cyrillic were allowed and even encouraged
Since even Finland lost (even though it is spoken of as a victory since we did not get invaded but USSR was worried that the allied powers would start assisting Finland and they did not want to loose any more resources with the war they did not know they were really close to winning anyway so they ended the war when they got enough land for their immediate goals) I don't know why Lithuania would have fared better.
Bro, you seem to misunderstand one thing: it was either the Germans killing most of the Lithuanians or Russia killing a lot less?
It’s that other countries credit only Poland’s part in the battle
In order to see a film or a cable TV show I have to either pay ticket/fee/buy media or wait until it gets broadcast on network TV.
You can only win reddit in the same way that you can win the game - by not playing it.
Cepelinai - if you ever go to Lithuania, go to a traditional food restaraunt and try it
It could have been but your current goverment is actively protecting people drove those tanks on people.
It's a bit different in lithuania
1 (Lithuania)
[Oh yeah, you think we were happy with that?] Putin is just playing 20th century geopolitics that are vintage af.
15 years later, [January Uprising] in former Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth would happen against Russian Empire.
Pinpoiting where exactly they come from is very hard
What about Albania, Macedonia, Montenegro?
Raskevičius is definitely much more active and outspoken about the equal rights, though
My arguments are more relevant.
I didn't think about that
No one is discriminated here, unless you get all your info from newspapers
Right
At least in Lithuania nobody talks about homosexuality and nobody cares to educate people.
Well technically our late night show that was mentioned is purely on the internet, [link to their channel] They have few different series and the late night show type series are uploaded I think on Saturday or on Sunday.
>Lithuanian book smugglers or Lithuanian book carriers (Lithuanian: knygnešys, plural: knygnešiaĩ) transported Lithuanian language books printed in the Latin alphabet into Lithuanian-speaking areas of the Russian Empire, defying a ban on such materials in force from 1864 to 1904
Problem is that Lithuania's original name is *Lietuva*, which is closer to *Litva* than *Latvija* is
Parliament - we have like 4 major parties at the moment (parties rise and disassemble every election), so there'll always be a pick, and our system is in a way, where even if you vote for a party that barely has any support, if it still manages to get some level of votes, they'll get a seat or two, so the vote still counts
- Don't worry, I'm here Navsegda too
I still have PTSD after driving there
Also, it was in Polish hands first and then Russia took it and then when they were retreating they handed it over to Lithuania.
Honestly, milk is the best thing ever
Not yet, atleast not officially, but I really hope it's the second step we take
Because unlike Russia who practices nuclear bombing on Sweden, NATO forces do joint training exercises together with non-NATO Sweden.
* destroying capitalist economy and creating socialist one through 1940s
Systems that have both a President and a Prime Minister separate the head of state (President) and head of government (PM) into two distinct roles
Just look at east and west Germany.
We have extremely few black people here.
I like the Czech Republic more because Czechia sound like Чечня (Chechnya, Chechen Republic) in russian
It's Fox News bullshit to just rile up hill billies.
The "normal" lithuanization of this name would be to use the slavic version of it, "Mikhail", or in this case, "Michailas" but again, it sounds completely different, no longer cool, and it sounds like an old person's name
On the streets
We got LiDL not long ago (in 2016)(and LiDL is the best thing that happened to humanity)
Do I like it
It doesn't sound very cool to lithuanians, but perhaps people of other nationalities percieve this word dofferently
Stouts, Porters - intense ones
The woman is the Lithuanian president
My first trip outise of europe was to Vancouver, Canada
Well, good luck and I do actually mean that
And I don't think that's good behavior.
VALVE, WHYYYYYYYYYYYY
Backlash based on emotions is irrelevant and invalid anyways
Individual regions may feel underrepresented when they see small nations get a seat at the table.
Kainos vidutines ir maistas geras.
And that's bad for military alliance
Jokes aside it is beautiful photo
Aš sutriškinsiu ir apkakosiu tave ir tu tame šūdę skęsi.
The land where their parents, granparends and great-grandparents lived, worked and died
Just a bit disappointed though.
Don't engines emit water vapor?
As someone from Lithuania we have an awesome quirky song about being able to do whatever you want, when you're alone home
But the Trump presidency is also a protest vote (against "crooked" politicians).
Haha, social networking has now fallen under social programs, it's only natural ;)
No, they aren't.
Lithuania back then was more of a region than a separate country.
From all the EU except the Nordics and Greece, Cyprus, and Malta I think.
I just want the actual experience I guess
It's long and complicated, but the result is sooo worth it
Our % of teenagers alcoholics got bigger lmao
Yeah happened here in Lithuania too, like wtf
We need a reforming France but not the one that walks away the table.
There were two teams competing.
True enough, just using Seimas as an oversimplification for "those in power that get to make decisions"
Are you politically and economically liberal as UK?
Just expanding on what his views probably are.
Because they're murderous psychopaths.
I noticed that bundle of leaves on the wall in that picture.
Well Vilnius was and still is the most multi-cultural/multi-ethnic city in Lithuania through history.
Don't forget Pilsudski, he was also Lithuanian.
At parents i only locked for the night
Vilnius is full of Polish and Russians to the point that many don't even try to learn Lithuanian
That's just an example for the fact that opening new, non-restricted markets benefit already the most developed economies the most as they're more efficient when it's fair play for all.
But seriously, you'd be surprised about the amount of Lithuanians going to Turkey on holidays.
Except the at least half decently skilled or a little motivated people can manage to improve a lot by doing well at their jobs
Yeah one of rare places where population numbers started to recover.
Voila
We must not allow English to develop these cars!
Urban life is not for everyone after all, and places within an hour of bigger cities, given good public transport, could be extremely attractive options
I live in Klaipeda too
I think it's better than being under Russian oppression or idiotic incestual marriage :)
protests against what
When one talks to the governmental agencies via E-boks, even if you tell them that you have not learnt enough Danish to be able to communicate fluently, they will respond to you in Danish on purpose because those are the rules
They aren't planning to make plastic for roads.
In general Lithuanians mostly meme about going back to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, which was the biggest country in Europe at the time, stretching from the baltic to the black seas
I haven't seen Putin invade other countries though.
But where do other countries dry their dishes then, if it's not popular everywhere
So, personally, it’s not that I have particularly negative feelings toward German people
Pls help us annex Belarus so you won't be alone any more.
You need to be illiterate for not to know the spelling
You hit it right on the head of the nail
We would probably need Latvia as they are the only one around with 500+ km of sea straight north to launch.
>will we learn both languages
They understand someone with a heavy accent better, because there's is heavier too
Systems that have both a President and a Prime Minister separate the head of state (President) and head of government (PM) into two distinct roles
I would suggest eveyone to folow this page on Facebook It shows how stupid desinformacion cam be and that it should be fought against
I assume the goverment would still have to pay for dealing with dead people
We had a similar thing in Vilnius
By the way, [you can make it too] it's a very simple recipe, no weird ingredients and the pizza is delicious
Born or grown up
Which club plays hockey for US in Olympics?
From my experience (Lithuanian here), I can easily tell Russian-English accent apart from ours
You're not wrong
The Chechoslovakian parliamant answered:
More like how do they bitch so much about cold being so far south?
I might have taken a different route, but as I recall when we crossed the border from Lithuania into Latvia a few years ago there was a remarkable difference.
* Mindaugas (first and only King of Lithuania)
Is mainstream because lots of drunk people want stuff to laugh at.
i would say 3-4 for Poland, we're big country in Europe(middle-sized in World) with large and strong economy, we're regional power and we used to be more important in history(Bolesław Brave, Polish-Lithuanian Union, PLC) We are not Spain, France, UK, Germany, Italy or Russia, but i'm sure that we are one of more well-know country of Europe
We have had protests demanding annullment of corrupt politician-business deals (like selling away national energy monopoly to private owner), bad laws, bad reforms etc
Well, had Soviet Union not fallen, [the same guy might still have been in charge of all of these since 1985]
rip
**JUST LOOK AT THOSE TOWN NAMES!!!!**
In Lithuania, Saule ( the Sun) is "female". Meanwhile, Menulis (the Moon) is "male".
no relation to slavic other than some loan words.
Ah yes, the classic 'only my opinion is valid, everyone else is sheep' comment
This level of monotonousness (is that even a word
Founded russia
Beat teutonic order /w poles, ruled lands from sea to sea, brought us kibinai :D
Yes I can read and write as well
During that time Russians downed the MH17 over Ukraine and it was pretty interesting to watch their propaganda on TV while checking facts in Lithuanian/English/Ukrainian websites simultaneously
Malta WTF
Yes, nationalising and appropriating thousands of companies, very market economy
The problem is that we have snow but we do not have mountains.
We get taught british english in schools, but since you mostly learn english from media and the internet, people end up leaning american.
Wellthats mostly on business side of things I guess
The f*ck is wrong with these guys
Whole apartment complexes are made of 1-2 room flats with just a minimal amount of 3-4 room flats
Like any other European language?
Apple cheese
what the f is wrong with you people, lusting over a women who's been dead for millennia.
AND skating
The same could follow for Belarus or better depends how this all goes down
Even though they are actual Lithuaning families who survive for less, because 450 is above the minimum wage.
Pickup trucks are classified as actual trucks in most European countries so you will have to pay road taxes, which is why we don't have them.
Oddly similar, but much more positive here in Lithuania.
There are nudist beach part where every women for the most part is topless (mostly old ladies go there) and there are women parts of the beach where usually mothers hand around topless
We're immune to starving to death as well.
Mam Napad - CZ I have an Idea, PL I have an ambush
This litterally means "to swear" lol
Hmmm
Basically a huge experiment, also everything feels rushed.
Macedonia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Czechia, Georgia: Impressive!
She had strong opposition (PM), also parliament majority's leader
Good job Aussies
>wich religion will be predominant
Yay
No, foundation of those languages are Balto-Slavic language not Slavic.
More or less
free Catalonia
Infographic: Vladimir Putin's approximate level of lateness to meetings
That is why you lost your allies in Eastern Europe and Europe is wary of you.
So it is enforced, but not to strictly and won't cause you to much trouble if you break it
Pro EU would be more important than pro white house.
All three are UNESCO's [Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity]
This is great
Because they're all Germanic languages that have a lot of similarities to English
My last cat hunted everyday for fun, she even slayed a marten once.
Haven't heard this idiom in Lithuania
Unlike Lithuania, Sweden and Germany already have sizable Muslim communities, Muslim-run businesses, mosques, etc.
They've since disappeared, guess didn't catch on.
* ¿Donde están los brics de sangría a un euro
However, countries east of the Iron Curtain (especially Poland and Estonia/Latvia/Lithuania) were under totalitarian dictatorships, never developed such a consensus, still have the sort of reflexive reaction to Socialism!
You would't want a hot beer in a sauna
Besides, you know what I mean
Well you could share one because I can't find anything in WHOs alcohol program which would align to what Valstiečiai wants.
Sorry, due to your PiS poor performance we will not be joining you.
While it was founded and mostly ruled by Lithuanians, it was hardly a national country.
If you have a smaller offense just pay the small fine.
Instead it just feels like late evening.
I'll share some off the top of my head:
Its main function is the enforcement of the norms established by the Commission.
Lenin ordering to increase the numbers of executions is liberal in what way?
doesn't matter, had snack :)
But personally while I'm a woman and I feel better walking alone in daylight than nighttime by default, I've never been hurt, robbed or talked to by someone who seemed dangerous at night
Fuck Commonwealth, Intermarium is the shit
Želė refers to the thing that has gelatin in it.
Our healthcare is much stingyer with the hard stuff.
I see Poland & Lithuania are still sticking together, opposing our glorious law system.
And though not technically speaking I can communicate in LSL(Lithuanian Sign Language).
We have basketball players in Lithuania who are taller than this :D
What acctualy is uncommon here is Cyprus, Malta, Greece, Luxembourg, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia and obviously the microstates
Basically, a 100 days before the exams, the graduates come and throw some fun
Also, why didn't the Soviets give Kaliningrad to Lithuania like how they gave a lot of eastern Germany to Poland?
Šalčininkai is indeed one of the poorest regions in Lithuania and poor people don't have beautiful houses
Westerners are known to make this mistake
Yeah, the first guy should get a more lenient sentence
What we are first in, it's suicide rates in Europe and according to some stats online either 1st in the world or in the top 5 at least
Tourists screaming and snapping their fingers at waiters in restaurants
No you cant and that is by Russian design.
Removal of Germans was done to compensate Poland for the territory lost in the East and Germans were removed from other countries (and Königsberg) to prevent Germany from having a justification for starting another war like this again in the future
I didnt even have the time to pull out my ticket before my seat was gone
Warm: 16 - 22
They managed to integrate perfectly because of the anti-German sentiment that started around WW1 and got even stronger during WW2
– having preserved its spirit, native language, writing, and customs,
Using tragedy to push authoriatism.
Another stalin's brilliant idea to incite territorial disputes, conflict (about 50km inside belarus teritory are lithuanian villages)
I always heard people saying French do not like tourists, but I dunno if it is true so don't take my word for it
I've become best friends with a Lithuanian that came here and joined my school.
You can ask Latvians and Lithuanians for some sympathy.
So calming and in sync with nature
Venesuela confiscated and nationalised more than a 1000 of various private companies, factories, everything during the last 20 years, not just 1 major oil company
How early do they have you start learning the other language(s)
Or 1000 Stingers - just to make the bully remember *that other place*.
Litvenenko died from 10ug polonium, can you really that amount?
Norwegians didn't give us the mountain peak :(
Yeah and one of the traits of entrepreneurship is that you'll probably fail several times before doing something meaningful.
It's getting warm \~24
Chiken is quite rare in traditional lithuanian quisine
Nice flair
Is generally everyone capable of speaking all the widely spoken official languages
Well, shit, we are as bad as French
If Québec becomes independent one day, hopefully they'll let me be the first ambassador to Slovenia too.
or do they just sell it to tourists?
You can say or do wtf you want to anyone as long as its not against the law
"without any kind of mortar or cement" is a bit misleading isn't it, makes it sound like the bricks are held up with prayers
Not sure if I would say describes but no doubt the most well known is [3 milijonai by Mikutavičius] A song made for [200 Sydney Olympics] And *everyone* knows this song
It's basic economics - prices go up, demand goes down!
That and a fraternity/sorority aren't similar enough for me to say we have those.
And maybe a few instances of snow falling and melting instantly
And that is why EU army will be worth less than my poo if EU is attacked.
You're acting like Putin endorses democracy and the right to protest.
Me thinks we need an international investigation on this to confirm whether they grow or not, and why
After 10th grade grammar is not even part of the curriculum and grammar tasks are not part of the exam
Or are you just a bigot to whom "Eastern Europeans" are all the same?
The country i was born in and the country i live in made it
Lithuanian travelers do travel a lot but usually they don't come back #emigrationlife
''40% of the population adapt to the radical changes '' ''An united entity'' ''Angela Merkel now is the leader of the free world''.
They believe the Belarus was the real Lithuania.
There are some pretty landscapes, but the flatlands with an entire 0 hills are really unimpressive and cover most of the country
Hot in LT
Wow such a dumbass view
However they all do involve potatoes
We had some sun yesterday, that's enough of that for the whole winter.
It's basically a conflict of interests.
However, if the flight path was around the war zone those lives would be saved
Culture or religious beliefs do not trump consent.
with a break in 20th century, but overall, Poland is the oldest friend
Maybe if you fucking asshats wouldn't shit on white cis males as "oppressors" all the goddamn time we wouldn't be in this fucking mess
'sausa' means dry in Lithuanian.
Well, everyone who lives in spain, but otherwise you're mistaken
People already pay a shit load for heating here, increasing the tax efectivly means that you also increase the number of hipothermia cases.
International trade with developed networks (when in the 16-th century the Brits chopped down all the yew trees used for making longbows, they started importing staves from the Baltic Hanza towns)
Well that's what Australians are doing to keep their borders in check and it ...
Then we learn about the mass deportations, violence and looting done to us by the soviets in 1940, and then we learn about operation barbarossa
We also have this winter solstice festival that I think speaks for itself.
> Pūkas literally translates to "fluffy".
As a person who lives in Poland, old town Kraków is definitely worth seeing
if you would count or say numbers in German, or similar to German, that would count as Germanized
You have a lot of work to do before you get to where Romania was 10 years ago.
Don't worry you have your own sitcom.
There are also some polish - german ones
Ką?
Sorry for bad translation :/
It was in pact like for month :D Still counts as one
It started with a wrong guy being in the wrong place
Oh, well thank you
What
How do they seal with their sewage
In Lithuania we have an event every year on June 17th (Iceland's Independence Day) which is called "Takk, Ísland" where people can get to know the Icelandic culture, language and in general their way of life a bit more
It was only used by luftwaffe paratroopers(fallschirmjäger)
Netherlands - Olandija
Somewhat common history I guess
There, saved you the time and trouble of posting here.
Should probably stick with English.
If it wouldn't be counted since "death of Jesus" it would be called something else
PLC was not slavic and was not baltic.
These 30 years of independence were quite good
Be prepared to get your eyes and ears raped:
Women aren't dumber than men
Teenage American "socialists" also need to get the fuck out of their country for at least a month and see how the world functions
They partly own SAS and Telia, neither of which they own the majority
the name of the Baltic people was forgotten
Judging from your history, Americans started everything.
So if you meet a Lithuanian with an RP accent, you can usually tell because they devoice too much
My city has started implementing this Park & Ride thing
I just returned from a week in Lithuania, and it sorta exceded my expectations.
I think Norway+Denmark+Canada+USA is more than enough leverage over CSTO.
But without the lousy politicians
We have one independence celebration on February 16^th and another on March 11^th
I thinks its safe to say that we will see them in EU at some point
Dont forget about the good old battle of Grunwald
Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia (you could add Ukraine, Georgia and the 'stans I suppose) were all SSRs and they all "won" (the 'stans to a much lesser extent sadly) when the Kremlin's control over them collapsed.
not a eurozone citizen yet (few more days), but have traveled a lot throughout the Europe.
* Andropov and Chernenko, failure of Soviet economy
i put that link only because we had a party organized with them and our norwegian partners, they guys really liked the tours, so thumbz up for this agency.
Passeig de Gracia in Barcelona is just one million euro flat after another
That's when we'll know we've become a tourist destination
Surely there would be a lot of butthurt in that.
Most girls in Lithuania are light-haired.
High internet speed is not one of the necessities, though.
They were all invented
It's the magic of over processing.
In Lithuania you always need ID if you look young.
My county is actually plurality Polish, only one in the country, with a good helpin' of Slovaks and Lithuanians.
Well he did ask if he could ask a question in English so I guess he got an answer.
Math - blue
Make Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth Great Again!?^/s
I know that Latvian rifleman battalions were instrumental for Bolshevik victory(and I'd guess the same for Estonian and Lithuanian), so you probably shouldn't just blame them for that whole communism fiasco.
Only Paksas is the insanest one xD
And I quickly skimmed trough the article, but did not find the exact words she said, if they are posted, could some post them here?
BTW, Do you consider Jagiello as Polish or Lithuanian?
I'm 20 and I don't have the licence as well
They were supposed to protect the house from evil spirits in exchange for food and warmth
I think it's a more nationalistic thing
Somehow Rightful Lithuanian Land ends at Russia's border.
Not in any language around the see except Latvian and Lithuanian.
Lithuanian here
Nowadays we consider Germany to be advanced and peaceful, but in WW2, a quarter-million were killed here by Nazis (8% of the population), so to say that everybody's forgotten about those times, especially when the descendants of those victims are still alive, would be a total lie
Right, they would reach Kiev in a couple of hours and the repercussions coming from the west would be immense.
At this point our consumption is already killing the planet so it can't grow all the time
He's just like his ancestors
why the f did africa get so many rocks?
Older generations tend to be more fluent in russian while younger generations are much more fluent in english
Just open wiki next time before you claim bullshit
We have a kinda neutral relationship with germans
Czechia
Right wing parties want to get reelected, so they will say one thing, but at the same time they want to help their bussiness friends, so they'll do another thing
what about this
For the same reason I have slightly fear Scots
Eh, I still mostly use youtube when I'm at home but some artists can be really aggressive about taking down their music from yt, even if you click through to the "xyz - topic" videos rather than random uploads from other people
Also because Mozart is one of my favourite composers
Each color in the Lithuanian flag has it's own meaning.
Well, they want to provide every child with a national costume, are fighting against alcoholism with every means possible and are building a great fence on the Russian border.
My family used to speak Russian, so I couldn't understand them, but they have forgotten it as most of the people I guess in Lithuania who knew Russian
Friedrich Wilhelm - Frydrichas Vilhelmas
The consomants in most of the situations, are pronounced hard (like the sucxulent chinese meal guy saying "r" in democrrracy)
Most of us can't tell our family members that we need help
Literally all his songs after 2000s. Jazzu, Mario, Vidis - I'll be gone
Fathered kings and rulers of Poland, Belarus, Ukraine and Russia
hold on Lithuania, you are guilty too
[Artis magnae artileriae pars prima]#Artis_Magnae_Artilleriae)
Nah, I'm not Sorbian, I use this flair and other obscure ones like it so that nobody can base their reply on my flair (because nobody has any shit against Sorbians).
He'd probably die in a mysterious way it he did it too publicly, though
Fair enough, I was going by my own social circle.
Oh wow what a great guy
UK, France, Spain, Monaco (that counts!), Italy, Belgium, Netherlands, Czech Republic, Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Ukraine, Russia, Sweden, Norway, Ireland.
For me is pleasurable to get acquainted
As living standards rise consumers will spend more on higher quality products and double standard brands will have no choice - give east Europe the same good quality stuff, or see their product pushed out by new brands all-together.
Hearts of animals (most popular is chicken)
If every time we split EU in 2 parts when we can't reach a decision then whats even the point of EU.
Lithuanians, what does the surname "Butkevičiūtė" sound like in English?
When police need backup for patroling, etc, the Public Security Force (gendarmerie in everything, but not the name) assist them
You can't tell me what is erotic and what isn't!
I know, still doesn't mean that guns are illegal in the rest of Europe, whoch was implied by op
"Kalashnikov decided to design an automatic rifle combining the best features of the American M1 and the German StG 44
Although regarded as a German pastry
Also fine if female has male nipple stickers on her nipples
Other than that Poland is usually viewed as an ally and a friend with no real complicated common history (unlike Lithuania - Poland).
Of course
I'd personally prefer we have another qualified person check your data and then have a yet another qualified person check it too.
So technically we could rename this sub into Sausage fest?
Now who gave you that stupid idea?
0 - 8 autumn coat
png] – a stock MacOS wallpaper downloaded online
well In that case I'd be a musician wandering the country or Polish szlachta, disgraced and disowned for marrying a 10 years younger non-noble musician, on the plus side I still get to ship in hair dye from Denmark so that the age difference wouldn't be as obvious
Am I the only one who thinks US news look ugly and out dated
Tbf, it's different era
Then their family of friends hear it, some of them decide to pick it up and start using it as well, and that's how words are born
Hopefully our first gay parliament (Tomas Raskevičius) member with Armonaitė will change things
Everything just sounds wrong in lithuanian
Haven't you ever seen a cabbage ? wait that looks more like a strawberry actually
I hope this is the end of this now
Are the baltics colder than scandinavia
I dont think current NATO would dare to expand this close to Russia
As for poverty it is relative.
Zeppelin is basically a big ball of boiled potato with a meat filling
Occasionally some piss drunk idiot pees on presidential palace.
I assumed that this whole former Yugoslav thingy was used just by English speakers and Greeks.
It's just because country names are similar in most languages.
It just turns out that it benefits me when it also benefits you
džast in bed, spring breik iz hėr, sau aim džast čilin
My grandmother told me to never place the loaf of bread "facing" the door, as it might "leave the house" (you starve), which I found fascinating
It is related to the reasons why Lithuania chose a different legal form than Estonia and Latvia.
Thats what i believe was the case in villages not so long ago
Less than Lithuanians squawk themselves, still more than Western European countries
Imagine one of those african kids pictures when they met Asian person for the first time and all 15 children squint their eyes with said Asian person in photo
Sralinkova ganiačka - CZ runner, PL shit chaser
Attack on general make sense when his forces threatened at the same time
Yes, because linear trends happen all the time in the real word.
It was an occupation with military force.
Just because some old, uneducated bootlickers feel nostalgic about the times when they were young and had working tastebuds and functioning genitalia, dosn't mean that the times were good.
It would be nice to not have a dictator next door
The coast they have now tends to freeze over in the winters.
I am actually the only person I know, who uses Yahoo
You stick the sticker to your parcel and put the parcel in the box
fuck this heat
What
Imagine this:
The what
You actually have quite a few marching bands, they're just not as popular as in the US
They have a very high HDI on par with Lithuania.
Netherlands
If the OP is the original maker of this he should receive gold for this.
>So fuck the 30% Russians living in Latvia, I suppose
Villager would be "kaimietis" which is not correct in this case.
Why not
Same opinion about Lithuania (not slavs of course) from me.
Spent 5years there, but ultimately that island was not for me
Kind of a dick move to poor Ukraine.
Iceland, for recognizing our independence in 1991, the first in the West to do so
So break ins are not common or lethal.
Tu prasmegsi skradžiai žemę su taiklumu, neregėtu visoje Žemėje, patikėk manim, tu nugangrenavęs pimpale.
unfair trade practices while selling gas and oil to european countries, proven guilty by court
Because I believe that the reason Americans seem ignorant to Europeans is because America is so large, it's almost like states are individual countries almost.
Possibly the same name origin, my Godparents son's name is Ovidijus as well, purebred Lithuanian for the last generation or two at least
The classical liberal label is starting to suit me better as I get older.
I can't really say if that reflects the mentality of the whole country though
You can't drive semi trucks on this road
I'm in Lithuania with no VPN or anything, it works fine
Secondly it's not the most effective or the lightest or anything best.
Lithuania, Latvia are closer in a lot of ways to Poland, Slovakia, North-Western Russia than to Sweden or Finland.
I still really hope they will leave
(But this is just a suggestion)
even if its May already
Well they do approve posts manually I think so if it passed the bar it should stay.
> So how about restarting this whole Commonwealth thing brothers
* **EAPL-CFA** (8 seats): Polish minority party; pro-Catholic; conservative; right-wing
Good luck and have fun (you won't).
I think rail infrastructure should be more developed here
I've been to the Austrian ones recently, it was over 30 C at the base, around 0 C at the top
Buying bottled water
But I gather most of those voters don't hold Lithuanians in high regard because they see Lithuanian government as a bully who wants to oppress the Polish minority.
Nobody cares
Well, I hope some of thePolish separatists in Lithuania can see this and realize they aren't even taken seriously outside of Lithuania, either.
Yes we divided our beach into parts as well
Lol who went for Riga in multiplayer?
Showel in Lithuanian is "kastuvas", but older people use the word "lopeta". I think that came from soviets
Lithuania issues 'in case of invasion' manual
It's "Art"
Telia, but it's optic fiber so I don't think it is available everywhere
* Jonas Žemaitis
* Vytautas the Great (the greatest Duke the GDL has ever had, during his rule the GDL was at its zenith of power)
Probably special ops units and high-precision missiles
I mean I heard that at one point putin banned teching kids that homosexuals exist
"Anykščių šilelis" by priest Antanas Baranauskas and "Trakų pilis"by priest Maironis (Jonas Mačiulis)
Aitäh Eesti
Unfortunately it's still possible to democratically elect very shitty government as well
According to steam, we're rich enough to pay EU prices, but not good enough to be in the same region.
I wish all the best for the Belarusian people, but at the same time I can't help but feel like their goal is unachievable unless Russia somehow decides to look the other way, which I just don't see happening, since they've already lost Ukraine from their sphere of influence
It doesn't mean anything in Lithuanian, so I always thought maybe it comes from Russian or Polish, but I'm not sure since I don't speak either
Visiting the Curonian Spit was so fascinating.
But since it's not actually theirs they do not take care of it and just trash the place
Lithuanian one is called Vytis, yours is Pohon, I don't see any conflict...
Unfortunately, doctor education isn't going to help here.
:( But what about income, I am happy - more than half of it comes straight to saving account and I use it for big buys and vacation travels, and for what is left I live pretty comfortable
* Parliamentary and presidential elections
And if Hitler was such antislav why Stalin signed Molotov-Ribentrop pact
Architecture is shaped by that.
Yeah, that was a bit of shocker one of the first few times I visited Poland
Yes
Latvian president is "pagan", I don't think our "pagans" actually believe in the gods, but they enjoy the traditions.
The belarussian president Aleksander Lukashenko (who is a president for arround 20 years) was sitting in his cabinet when sudenly a man came in and reported:
I look at languages as different codes and, well, it’s downright confusing to operate in 2 different codes at the same time so one of them has to take a back seat
Young people barely speak Russian anymore over here.
Meanwhile, the state body charged with investigating and memorializing Nazi- and Soviet-era atrocities, the Genocide and Resistance Research Centre of Lithuania, turned the former guerrilla leader into a national hero.
Voila
Hopefully their will end up in the same place as ours this year.
The Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth held Moscow for 2 years not just Poland
Lithuania:
In Lithuania, each name has one spelling and one spelling only
it's the same-ish story] Suwałki Region region has a variation of it
We see him as a strong man with legendary facial hair, that got things done.
Annoying people die, real estate prices go down, society might fail and eventually you will come out as a feudal king.
Would not be too different (probably larger %) if we looked at 25-30.
You can choose between courier company and the shop itself
I just don't see how we, a country of barely 2
Instead of a man, like Ireland
How racial divisions developed in various kinds of places
* "Go to dwarves" - "eiti pas nykštukus" (go to the toilet)
because it's very common in Asian and African countries to use 2 or even 3 currencies simultaneously.
The only ones in Europe who only care about basketball this much.
I would understand if this town was on the European side of russia, but its in Siberia
Anyway, I doubt Lithuania is at the top of your priority list.
Was she able to function day-to-day in society without speaking much Finnish, or did she have to just use a lot of English
>but they realy hate us now
You're talking like someone who doesn't know Russia's history, or its leaders.
So they want to "seem progressive" instead of
They have a very long history of stuff we rarely get taught about in class.
Hillary Clinton talks about Lithuania
Nobody expects Google to pay a tax on investment, just on their profits.
Well cities started competing who will have a better tree and simple plain decorations just got boring over time, so now they are looking for something less usual.
German is a working language of the EU anyway
The self-defence laws in Lithuania differ depending whether you’re  protecting your property or yourself in public
Strengths:
Music was equally restricted, you just couldn't get most Western records, smuggling of music was a thing
Yes, nationalising and appropriating thousands of companies, very market economy
Just to be more interesting,
Thanks
Lithuania, Latvia are closer in a lot of ways to Poland, Slovakia, ...
Not really, it is not 1930s anymore
I guess, since that also opens their way to other EU countries with degree they get.
Rare, cold and brief
That's because spices are natural preservatives
Foreigners call [the hill of crosses] creepy
So Lithuania is divided into 5 regions (mažoji Lietuva, Žemaitija, Aukštaitija, Suvalkija, Dzūkija) and 4 out of those five (Žemaitija, Aukštaitija, Suvalkija, Dzūkija) have their own dialects of Lithuanian language
Unfortunately, nowadays the same can be said for most countries in Europe.
I recommend Samogitia
Formally(or even presently, idk) known as forsai
We lithuanians had to decomission our only nuclear powerplant - the Ignalina NPP
To invest they would have to cut their expenses somehow reducing their quality of life and maybe or not get a return when it barely matters anymore
The Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, formally the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, after 1791 the Commonwealth of Poland, was a dualistic state, a bi-confederation, of Poland and Lithuania ruled by a common monarch, who was both the King of Poland and the Grand Duke of Lithuania.
In no world this would happen, there are many reasons why, first one would be that we're way too integrated into EU structure, second and most important is that China loves *status quo*, but also they would rather ally with EU than with Russia, Russian Asian part is rather seen by Chinese as possible future colony and acquiring it would greatly boosted their economical power house.
I live in a very culturaly mixed part of Lithuania (Near Vilnius)
Why a country with so much oil being sold is considered to be VERY poor in all types of ratings, while fairytale countries like Quatar, Kuwait exist
I like you
Not worth ruining our relations over this.
Thing is that one of the reasons why Brexit happened is that Turkey (muslim nation with 80 000 000 people) might become part of EU.
The people refuse to move out even if they get paid more for their land than they'd earn in 50 years and I believe some time ago in the goverment someone decided that the land shouldn't be allowed to be sold to high rise projects anyway.
The Baltic Sea is the source for the name of the region around it
>but they realy hate us now
I haven't really found anything else like it.
I know Kaan who is a son of physicians
Apart from cepelinai which were mentioned, we also have virtinukai (pierogi) and koldūnai (pelmeni)
Every country has different cultures, some of them widely different, ideals is even more obscure a term
I would say we Lithuanians have a positive view of our shared history, shared heroes and achievements, and the animosity caused by the state of affairs during the Interbellum has waned, so our shared glorious past and neighbourly present is at the forefront again
People saving every cent on cars at the expense of safety.
Then trolls began appearing in school classes showing porn to kids and snuff videos
(Which is why nationalists hate them so much, it's confusing and non-binary).
Oh no, oh god no
Truly
Most of them speak good enough English, but you get the occasional one who cannot.
I don't know if I can blame the people for believing the false stories and lies they're fed.
Not with that attitude, it doesn't. London already has more remote towns with train lines to London considered as 'commuter' towns
Being understood, not being correct.
Western culture was usually depicted as vapid, perverted and all that
If you actually read Mickiewicz it becomes pretty clear that he considered Lithuania a part of Poland, which became a synonym for Rzeczpospolita by that time.
I went there once
Poland – the PLC redux
Love the language, culture and people!
Apparently she was on a list for firing already since 2015.
Pray tell me, how / why would NATO invade Russia ?
>  In a simulated battle our platoon of 3 tanks distroyed over 120 Leopard2 tanks in multiple waves without a single loss on our side
Someone would be like "ok, I love this flower so I'm gonna name my daughter after it, even though I've never heard of anyone else named after that flower". Does this count as an "experiment"? By your definition, I suppose it does, but is it really a bad thing
Crazy smart, but crazy evil
It think it's similar to the little mermaid but without voices and all
Poor Icelanders
In the legal sense I mean, because he's already done a lot of good things for the LGBT community (especially the T part) in five years than the entire government of 20 years work
It's also the city visited by most tourists.
Here it is number 1 or 2 topic on every channel and covered quite extensively
We are friendly with Germany after they liberated us in ww1
(Serious: irrelevant question, both countries are officially secular and we're past the point in history where religion was a major divisive question in the region)
Latvia sounds weird in your language :)
Good luck to the rest of you
race track
Europe
I was more often surprised than not when I heard people speaking Irish in the street which is sad in a way but that's the reality.
So valio in Lithuanian means hurray...
Children outside of big cities and tourist spots might be surprised, ones from Vilnius don't care.
Was she bad
Uhhh, Russia
"[21] Kalashnikov's team had access to these weapons and had no need to "reinvent the wheel"."
So yeah I do not see how it was targeted to Russia
Yes
That was the point of EU but that's not what it is right now sadly
The most German of Lithuanian towns, Klaipėda/Memel
That's some black magick fuckery right here
Exactly
I would say it'd be not helping Novgorod fight Muscovy
what the fuck, Lithuania
because countries were getting armed for years beforehand
This one is about Polish people living in Lithuania.
Thanks to Iceland for being the first country to recognice our freedom ️. Ya’ll rock
Most of them are just trolls/idiots.
Good thing I was on my way out to lunch
k I google searched it
Once again Lithuania and Latvia are missing
Pretty good scenario as we are already in the Schengen area, EU and NATO and culturally similar
Vit Britain leving EU, vy nyd tu praktise nev form uf Engliš!
These situations are vastly different.
My hypothesis is that the spies are ethnic Russians with Lithuanian nationality.
We have a connection to Poland but nothing else in the region
It's not meant to be negative to Portuguese people, it's meant to make fun of people living Vilnius not being "true Lithuanians" like people from Kaunas.
Šventoji(būd.) Romos(būd)* Imperija(daiktavardis)
And today's stigma about suicide, still stigma even tho it's hurting our home sooo badly
I have the same plan :)
given how her loss was down to loosing in key states by fairly small margins, well in the margin of error, I'm not really willing to say the poling is complete failure as of late.
We have a kinda neutral relationship with germans
It would be handing Russia a casus belli on a sliver platter
Speaking only about LT/PL and LT/LV borders:
It's funny he's said he's been discriminated in Lithuania for his Russian accent but his accent in English is Lithuanian as fuuuuuuuuuuck
Maybe a few drunks or a group of guys making me uncomfortable by asking for my number and wanting to know if I have a boyfriend, but that normally happens in daytime
I want our old national architecture to come back and multiply all over Lithuania.
Skinny guy wins because fat guy represents the ending of lazy and workless winter
Looks beautiful
The way we view money will need to change if we want to reduce consumption, of course I don't expect it to change
I don't know, but I am pretty sure we can find something better
Ton of Latvian, 3 German, 2 Austrian, 1 each Lithuanian, Belgian, Irish, Finnish, Dutch.
That depends on the country - I don't know about Lithuania, but applying for a Polish visa can be a tricky business sometimes.
Technically this is wrong as Belarus changed to their independence flag after their exit from the Soviet Union
Happy holidays
Where does the money go
Huge problem we try to reduce
Before that public transport, biking or car sharing systems had me covered
The island is pretty deserty, there's not much wild vegetation.
They don't sell weapons to the public or register guns anymore, now any gun store can sell all legal firearms to the public and do the same functions
You got Lithuania wrong
North America has never had the genocidal and intolerant culture that Europe has had
BUT im pretty sure its only used by poles living IN Vilnius
And once you land, you just walk out, no customs or border checks at all
30 am this morning
Green sweet
There is a dark joke in this somewhere
I had good lough of this :D
In Westphalia, which direction do phaluses bend
WW2 started before first Soviet invasion and annexation.
Would you say the average person can speak both but just prefers Russian, or does Russian completely dominate to the point where Belarusian is just more of a ceremonial language
You need an identical license for all types of firearm, but if you want a rifle you need to joi a club in addition to getting a license.
There’s no longer huge divide
better than Russia I guess
Nobody complained, everyone kinda liked it.
Generally easy to distinguish people by parts of europe or large countries they come from
Panevežys used to be capital of gopniks but they all left for the west it seems.
Iš kur tu esi
With google translate
For example if your country has a choice to seek independent policy to gain economic output but at the same time killing eurozone
I'm not saying it doesn't exist at all, but it's much harder to find anything as it's very underground, in my personal experience anyway
We had something similar with Lithuanian President Brazauskas and Latvian PM in 1990s.
In 1985, President Reagan presented him with the Distinguished Executive Presidential Rank Award – the highest honor that can be bestowed upon a civil servant.
That I don’t mind cause I like looking at long and wavy fields out in the horizon, simple nature with not much exotic stuff but all that kinda feels nostalgic when you go out at the lakeside, etc
Out of my school year of 120 people 3 guys died in three separate car crashes, all before they got 20 years old
\- Why do you need a Ministry of Maritime affairs
Klaipėda - around 150k people
E.g. Ugnis (LT) vs Agnis (skrt
No one is discriminated here, unless you get all your info from newspapers
"Balta drobulė" (White Shroud) an eclectic psychological book about life in WWII Lithuania and USA
Try 3 more months with daily stories about new president and Obama moving out and other bullshit.
THE Lithuanian-Polish Commonwealth
About Lithuania not being Northern Europe, well looking at our temperature through out the year we are closer to the northern Europe climate that to Eastern Europe's.
Seems like Czech has peculiar pronunciation.
:) Such sophistication
Public transportation + shared bicycles work fine for me
Love from Lithuania
Edit: the big two cities
Some of my friends were involved in it
Hell, there aren't many black people there either
It seems that a lot of people got employed.
* 2016 Seimas election, LVŽS won
10 euro - 3 packs of chips, 7 cans of beer
Now all SU slaves who kept good relations with Russia stayed authoritarian, with georgia, ukraine maturing for clear democracy not too long ago, armenia still struggling to break out
Hello, my name is John, glad to you meet
Yup, we call it 'karštas sumuštinis' which translates into 'hot sandwich' and we make them usually in those special kitchen appliances (and sometimes in owens or pans, depending on what crunchiness you want to achieve, but if it's in a pan we call it a Parisian hot sandwich) and put anything we like in them, although the cheese is a must, because it's not a proper hot sandwich without it
We start from Christianity spread from
To make a statement that Christmas is a pagan celebration, I'd always bring reindeer sausages to the table (nobody in my family minds it, they rather appreciate that I'm interested in lithuanian culture).
That means half have lower and half have higher.
I think it's a more nationalistic thing
my sense of humour changes depending on what language I'm speaking
You're factually incorrect, there are various questions that do not just narrowly pertain to some "actual events". And in real life various circumstances that can not be factually established, and witness testimony differ even when several people saw the same event
So what kind of friends could improve things?
I'm not sure, but courses for Lithuanians are in Lithuanian language, so foreigners automatically can't be treated equally
Prussia was Prussian land, and I think we and Lithuanian bros as only surviving relatives of Prussians are entitled to compensation.
3 quarters of the island atleast
In your country, do people tend to move from smaller towns to the big cities, or the other way around
Could you imagine even a slightest possibility that automating trains wouldn't cause mass union protests in France or Germany?
Dark souls, dark souls have made up most of my playtime this year.
Russias massive armor divisions have seen to that.
No offensive feelings towards germany, even though it was arch- enemy for 300 years
During his reign, he expanded Lithuania to the Black sea he would've become the 2nd king but he died when he fell of the horse
It could either be [dehydrated apples] or "baranka" ([Russian bublik]
Maybe it could have some relation with the period when in house toilet was not a thing and people in rural areas pooped in outside toilets.
For men it's something like Algis (or Algimantas)
Brother latvian folk song:
Lithuanian identity wasn't even bound to your baltic language anyway.
I don’t think it’s national, but used to have this herbal liquor called “trejos devynerios” which translates to “three nines” and it’s made from 27 different herbs
So that's why basketball is so popular in Lithuania.
So for lithuanian it would be "Vviollinn", or "Vvikkttorry".
Usually I can say it in English first and then trace it back to Lithuanian but I noticed that sometimes in the middle of the sentence I can’t retrieve any of the words even though I know what I want to say
Standing in a screaming crowd of people surrounded by tanks, seeing people lose their limbs or even lives, feeling the heat and sweat is more than enough to cause stronger feelings than a simple book, or a TV programme
As for soviet nostalgia
When I was a kid I went to Italian school after my regular school to help me learn more, and then after I had forgotten some by the time I was a teenager I started taking it in high school (Italian is offered in almost all high schools in New York because most people are Italian here)
I have family from Kaunas(actually from Kaunas, not just some former serfs who moved there during the soviet period) and this is the reason they give.
I'll try the others, thanks
Lithuanian in a sketch:
Damn, now this took me by surprise.
Especially original tales from pagan times
i thought we were bros :(
That's why Lithuania is on the list and Latvia is kinda...
Sea freighting is pretty much the only thing Latvia does.
It was
tower
In this age of information, governments can monitor their subjects easier than ever before and in the coming decade, AI will be sophisticated enough to wade through all internet trafic flagging subjects of interest and automatically calling for a government sancioned hit on the "perpetrator".
Some stores refrigerate eggs, some don't. I always put them in the fridge
Drawing Europe map, German Empire, Austro-Hungarian Empire, Grand Duchy of Lithuania from memory
Same in Lithuanian but I don't think you will find a decent solution for all the languages unless the new names are completely new and made up.
The current cabinet is Socialdemocrats, Labour, and kinda nationalistic right wingers.
It is surreal to see that people from one country in alliance want asylum in another country in the same alliance.
We use shpargalka (špargalkė) here too
Just you wait until it gets all dirty like every other metro in the world
* Soviet military aggression against Lithuania during 1991, including the January Events and Medininkai Massacre
Among many now-glorified leaders was Jonas Noreika, a paramilitary fighter who was executed for his anti-Soviet activities in 1947.
Estonia did, Lithuania is "thinking" about it, a lot of soviet and religious scum are against it, some of that scum is in parliament, so outcome is not certain
The only interesting thing I saw in Munich is all the dirdnl bachelorette parties downtown and maybe Olympic stadium.
You can pick the car up and leave it in designed spots or even other cities
Well if you compare USSR's and Lithuania's economies..
Its combination of non-cursive and cursive.
People thought Lithuania is not yet ready, but alas - Laisvės Partija got 11 seats
Could you at least figure out what to do with the nuclear waste
Gassing is painless with the right type of gas.
Lol, that's hilarious, I'm surprised that no "Lithuania mentioned in movies and tv shows" youtube compilations has this, probably nobody heard of this show
Today I learnt a new word
Lithuania here, 15 euro for a stable 950 upload and download, plus a stable 1ms latency because it's all optical fiber cable
I guess I was just used to our cold Lithuanians
It might be hard to believe, but not everywhere water tries to actively kill you.
Hot in LT
Nature
Sveikinu su "torto diena" ⊂(・﹏・⊂)
No, our birthday is on February 16th
Also there are plans for another one in Kaliningrad.
Latvia: Trump called us Balkans rather than Baltics before, does it count
in Lithuania of course it's the major news right now, we have a lot of interest to have a pro-european neighbours, also there is this nuclear power plant 50km from Vilnius in belarus that was just launched and with Lukashenko on board it is very much a big concern for us
Mercator projection distorts the size of countries while maintaining direction and shapes of countries.
Rational or not, Poland meets the 2% benchmark, but Lithuania does not.
Sometimes we say "zadupieniszki". Basically translates to behind an ass(?)
Copenhagen, Denmark
This would make a great wallpaper
Hey
Glad that my apartment block got finally renovated and it is definitely huge improvement in how much heat remains inside.
Or even place names - one of popular girls' names in my country is actually the name of a lagoon in the Baltic Sea
[Bonus points for making them huge]
She got scared, saw a man walking by and started screaming 'PANE, VĖŽYS
Albeit if you did that you'd probably get the leftards complaining how lidl is pandering to the evil racist europoors so I guess they are stuck between a rock and a hard place.
Though I find it weird that they didn't measure the lexical distance between Hungarian and Slovak.
I don't think many actually do in 21st century
People generally don’t speak to people they don’t know unless absolutely necessary
except they didn't become agreecive when nato put bases in Poland, Lithuania or Hungary they did when we where moving in on Georgia and Ukraine which are right on their boarder.
If were is one flag that unites us it is European Union one.
Tell me again that he deserved to die
Never heard that before lol
Hope you are getting paid well by the almighty Vova.
Yo mods, there's no paywall for articles shared from Economist Espresso app!
Public transportation + shared bicycles work fine for me
I'm not justifying actions done by Criminals/utlra-nationalists and other delusional freaks who came from Lithuania and started to kill off jewish population who were known as - "žydšaudžiai", I'm justifying why common population didn't care.
They are trying to push some sort of a conspiracy that the EU is trying to enforce gayness so we would die out and could be replaced by "dumb niggers" who won't be intelligent enough to oppose the American empire government and so on.
As a student, I get a 50% discount, as well as another 5% discount for the discount card (bought for \~50 ct, valid indefinitely) .
Ona (grace)
While my vocabulary is weak, I can quite easily pick out words when listening to someone speaking
* I usually buy them online on [www
I seriously started clapping, what a wonderful speech
G&G sindikatas - Muzika kuri saugo
So maybe 1 in 5 chance you will meet one
Our language is fucked up enough already why do you want to fuck it up more.
Not sure if being this low is good.
And thus it is upon us, the consumers to force the shop owners to pay taxes by asking for receipts.
Instead they compared it to Lithuanian...
US definitions of democrats and conservatives (and liberals) are severely fucked up
Yes, you’re right ! Also gezai IIRC
Especially around Vilnius
There was a time when Belarusians called themselves "Litvins" - Lithuanians, before the modern 19th century concept of nationality and Tsarist Russification changed that
We in Lithuania don't even use our swear words
EDIT: were you also on /r/outoftheloop today?
Yes, and it's mandatory, you can't choose
Gorgeous
You can only have one and be full
But for real tho why are they voting against
Naples
Linksmų Kalėdų ir laimingų Naujųjų metų!
sadly
II.7 (gladiator barracks); 8792: On April 19th, I made bread
But
If you visit you can buy it in powder form and make some in 24 hours
How much is a pebble
If anyone wants to visit Vilnius PM me
To OP, a place like Yugoslavia looks like a monolith because they're "white", while it's really a clusterfuck of mish-mash ethnicities and sundry genetics trying to kill each other for being different.
They were also the ones who were holding us back.
Thirdly, I don't really understand what are you laughing at, being almost exactly the same: in Lithuanian it's "Ričardas Gyras", in Latvian "Ričards Gīrs".
Lithuanian aviation in interwar (unique footage)
Except there was no food, and you could be sent o jail or the madhouse for not worshiping the rulers hard enough.
However I think if I asked my mom about it, she wouldn't have much problem sharing, it's just an unusual topic
understandable
Wait, you have to work somewhere for an extra 5 months after you tell them you want to leave
To add to that, eventual occupation of another region would be very very expensive in terms of military expenditure and Russia for the all the appearances has real financial issues at the moment, oil, the main cash cow of Russia has dropped in price quite a lot
We used to have a couple milk bars in town, they were awesome
People who live in Šalčininkai are not foreigners
Even today "Papal bull" that was given to Mindaugas II is legitimate, so Inigo von Urach (Grand son of Mindaugas II) is actually eligible to claim Lithuanian throne.
We'll get you next year, Russia
Why Luxemburg can't have EU investments?
Ignorant question: isn't that more because Chechen were fleeing from Russian and Poland has a grudge against Russia
Also, [this song is a gem]
The way he puts it, walk up to any construction site, find the manager, ask him if he needs welders, put down a few seams to show what you can do, and you're hired
But still, when you remember what they mean (like veikals was one of the first words I learned) you don't really have a problem reading it
You can always come back under Lithuanian rule.
* Hrodna – Gardinas
However, ill list all of the best songs i know from each genre
Personaly I still use mail (paštu) or email (el
According to official statistics, 2.5% of deaths in 2012 were directly attributed to alcohol.
Not to mention for example Latvia and Estonia have large Russian minorities.
OK Anglo
Letting commie pig dog army pass through states on their way to "help" Czechoslovakia would have ensured earlier commie block establishment
If you read my other posts on this thread you will see that I have already explained why life under Soviet Union was better.
Now majority of Cyprus is controlled by RoC government, so it is free now as well
Maybe the paper packaged ones are made in LT and plastic packaged in LV ? ... I could swear I read it's made in Latvia on one package, but no matter, HAD SNACK :)
But it is just two totalitarian regimes killing millions because of their leader ambitions
- To drink
Dodged a bullet
Imagine this as US or UK soldier demanding Afghanistan citizenship because he was stationed there by foreign military
We also have Žalia Rūta as an insult, i can’t even imagine it being an insult in the english language
School starts at 8, one school hour is 45 minutes, but our breaks are longer
That's why it's always mentioned that GDL was multi-cultural state whose full name was Grand Duchy of Lithuania, Ruthenia and Samogitia.
Do I get virus/malware if I click this picture?
Norway doesn't let people treat children like garbage
Lithuanian is a synthetic language
I wonder if anyone ever did a survey asking people which flag would they prefer
"It's real easy, just find a friend who has a D&D group and ask to join, everyone has one" - virtually nobody I've known in real life has even the concept of what a tabletop RPG is, much less actually witnessed a physical board
Hmm I actually have met people whom want that here
What's the context
You guys get tourists
As a great *daughter* of my country I'd like it if we were included in the song too though.
Bona Sforza (2 February 1494 – 19 November 1557) was a member of the powerful House of Sforza, which ruled the Duchy of Milan since 1447.
I think she forgot that in order to create a phenomenon with so much energy you need to put even more energy  to do it
There were a lot of conflicts, but there was balance
Of Course its nice to say hello first but shouldn't be that much of a problem
There's a video about it
Well yes
I mean, the top stories this week are: The Next Justice Minister, In vitro fertilisation law, Ministry of Agriculture and Minister of Environment relocation, Peasants party is still popular, Christmas is coming, Alcoholism.
Austria should also get exuded then.
EU is the best thing that happened to us since the fall of the Soviet Union.
Almost half of the dead were civilian casualties
:D All this talking about Finland and New Zealand
I can read pronounciations, I know each and every sound in English language, I have no problems with them individually at all, but the combination th and r (three) just kills it for me :D
There isn't much difference in standards of living.
Vilnius is polish , " Thats russia right " , communism was better (mostly said by unemployed alcoholics and 89 year old grandmas )
Look at the notes: In Lithuania legal until 1795 (3rd Partition of Poland).
Vikings attacked the hill fort of Apuolė(present day Lithuania, was defended by the Baltic tribe of Curonians) in 853.
We send troops to Afghanistan to stop terrorists as a coalition.
National culture, cuisine, language, history, historical figures and heroes will always sway to the nationalistic attitude.
Finland does not exist
Edit: information regarding other religions would be incorporated into other subjects
Swimming next to jellyfishes and some crabs (I dunno what these were)
*roman salute lmao
Shot down by Russian equipment given to the Russian separatists
(That one riot in Vilnius also helped)
I am also planing to study in Denmark (once all this worldwide situation sets in, I mean)
Delusion abound
See, when the Soviets took over in 1940, any smart, educated, well-spoken person that hadn't left the country before then was deported to Siberia without any belongings and basically forced into slave-like labor under horrific conditions.
Gun control issues, creationism, climate change denialism, lack of health care system, fighting taxes is seen as stupidity by most europeans.
Truly bruh moments
That's great, now take your third world thinking and shove it.
A LOT of people might disagree with me, but its probably Vilnius
I've been there before
Meant bicycles
You mention nepotism, being given a raise based on who you know.
Like baggy eyes, heart shape hairline/forehead and big teeth in brits
Dartixzs kanalas, truckerRimis, amerika kelyje
It's a holiday, where skinny guy - kanapinis (Cannabis) fights a fat guy - lašininis (bacon/lard)
But prison wouldn't waste your time?
It has the dual benefit of being health conscious and hiding my ugly face
See all those banks and business centers?
I hope this was good, I don't live in Lithuania anymore so my information may not be totally up to date and knowledgable
The attempts to christianize Lithuanian lands were mostly unsuccessful by them
You mean Lithuanian-Polish Commonwealth Constitution:)
Brain physics break when trying to think how to explain why one word has different endings, is used in different situations but has similar meaning
Both baltic and slavic come from balto-slavic.
That and infrastructure spending.
That means they should get no benefits in another country at least.
This was a popular claim pre WW2
It would sound funny in Lithuanian because "nebe" means "no more". It would be no more lux (good/luxurious)
Piłsudski was a bad manager and he only deserves respect for what he's done in 1914-1919.
So vilnius is the only baltic capital with a pro-western mayor, TIL.
"Saulgėrįža" means "solstice". The winter solstice ("žiemos saulėgrįža") occurs a few days before Christmas and the word "saulėgrįža" refers to that
) sounds like a robot speaking, google translate text to speach
Now that’s why i love history
Don't let Lithuanians see this.
I don't think that would be good for EU though.
Permanent residents, who are legal and adapted to culture, language and are functional members of society must be able to vote
I was only just born in the early 90s, so maybe they're all playing with each other and the later generation never picked it up
Like baggy eyes, heart shape hairline/forehead and big teeth in brits
Serbian Nigger
:DD
V. Landsbergis (he's still alive but he was a really important figure during Lithuania's independence restoration in 1990-91)
Fire up those coal power plants
Just for the record I don't give a sh.t about CO2
I think german accent is easy to understand for other europeans
Grand duke of GDL also *claimed* the title of Russia (Unitors of Rus' lands)
Please research cepelinai and šaltibarščiai
At last you should take some responsibility for this
Same with world war two, only Russian minority celebrate it
Ukraine is not a EU or NATO member, so backing them against Russia would technically be an act of aggression rather than one of defence
Old people may feel some nostalgia because they were younger back then, but of course very few people would want to live under oppressive and genocidal dictatorship with failing economy
Well there could be all you neighbors in the region so LT, LV, RU, FI and SE.
Austrian chancellor’s message to Juncker: Get used to me
There's a basketball, šaltibarščiai, sūrelis, TV tower, mushrooms and one of my favorite Lithuanian books, Dievų Miškas (Forest of Gods)
Anything is preferable to the cultural Marxists and oligarchs currently in power.
I'm a language lover in general and sometimes go out of my way to speak Lithuanian and respect the grammar as much as possible
It isn't a very common practice, but it's ok to do so
I always had a question
Cold -12-20
Oh yeah, I know, but you still kind of naturally know it based on stress or diminutive words
Because it is a win-win political situation.
understandable
We always were a kingdom but we also were a border region
Because we have palatalized (soft) sounds (shared feature in Lithuanian, Russian and Belarusian languages)
Edit: I read that we are having Burger King, first will open in Vilnius Akropolis, but it's delaying
Good for you you to try to work for your country.
Šaunuoliai braliukai
Well once we are all second EU will be first!
Imagine this: you're cool, you have a lot of friends, but all of a sudden you lose them
Use of ketchup is a matter of culinary ignorance
And words are pronounced differently than they are written
Russia would not be so quick to maintain such stability , and their government is rotten to the core.
Turns out it's "kerfu**ff**le"
* Algirdas
I loved that shit when I was a kid but completely forgot about it since
Just like a photo doesn't show the true beauty of a place, a history book won't show you what were those times like, you know
You wont recognise a baby born in here and in Spain
That gradually has been changing, final straw being the global economic crisis that hit Latvia the hardest from all the EU because of the collapse of the real estate market, but left Poland basically unscathed.
And reduced supply would increased more to maybe 60usd per barrel and price increase would reduce demand for oil
But some of them just sound weird.
There will always be bad people in society
Such deals generally only offer very limited quantities that seller has in excess.
31.3k*7=219.1k of clothing items every year made.
It's a level 3 mage
Nice flair
Literally all his songs after 2000s. Jazzu, Mario, Vidis - I'll be gone
Overall I would say center left?
Stalin is WW2 hero for Russians and leader of aggression and genocide against Lithuanians in Lithuania
My comment was just an exaggeration of the truth
Klaipėda - around 150k people
It's a whole another team made up of people from that country.
What
Call Lithuanians Russians or Slavs
Ačiū/Ačių -"thank you"
But Estonian is totally different beast.
Green sweet
• voverė or voveraitė ( sounds the same as a "girolle" funghus) - squirell
Yes, it happened to me as well
The situation they come from sucks.
Most people I met say it was a great country.
Spread this graph to start a revolution.
NO HUGGING
My family used to speak Russian, so I couldn't understand them, but they have forgotten it as most of the people I guess in Lithuania who knew Russian
In Lithuania, each name has one spelling and one spelling only
Maybe I would even meet my grandparents who are alive nowadays
I doubt many of them are going to be going to the EU though.
Lithuania - Saulius Skvernelis - the prime minister, poland - the fucking president
If you say this is the most expensive drug then you've never heard of a thing called racing
These 30 years of independence were quite good
I haven't heard of any animal being associated like that in Lithuanian tbh.
Lithuania: Keikti means swear(as in insult swear) fuck is Pisti
Uh, you know that Elizabeth isn't done yet
Poor Icelanders
Use your time to see Neuschwanstein.
Marozai
Also, “Traukinio apiplėšimas kurį įvykdė Saulius ir Paulius”
After many years, she and her new family visit her parents, brothers and uncles
Elektrėnai in Lithiania imo
It is not medieval times, the world these days is pretty small and deciding to live in another country is arbitrary.
TIL that all three Baltic states tried to join but were opposed by every Nordic country other than Iceland (plus Lithuanian government actually expressed that it was not willing to join Nordics).
City went quite crazy with police sirens everywhere.
autobusubilietai
So could you please link me source about Lithuanian "flat out refusal"?
The awesome chaps that they are were the first ones to recognise the Baltic States as independent when we peaced out from the soviets
The future's now
"Keikti
Have you been to the instant soups and sauces aisles in Tesco or Sainsburys
There are some old crossings with checkpoint remnants - there are some speed limits, but overall there are no slowing down to 30 km/h.
*woooh*
Such a good drink tho
I also live in poland
General setting is settlement (vasal) or a castle
This will get you beaten in no time
We do not have any world famous artists or scientists or people in general, so the only little fame that we can get(I guess through our basketball team) we try to hold on to as much as we can, even though the fame is completely meaningless and adds nothing to the world
The Soviet Union had different rail gauges, hence the disconnection.
Europe needs common European army and a total economical blockage on Russia, best case scenario like someone proposed build a lot of LNG stations and get boatload of LNG carriers (which Lithuanian government actually did to stop from Russia black mailing us with higher gas prices if we don't agree with their bs).
Well go on :D prove me I am wrong
Why did this happen
It's time for braliukas to know what it feels to have an empire.
The Russians, for not attacking us during ZAPAD
Standing in a screaming crowd of people surrounded by tanks, seeing people lose their limbs or even lives, feeling the heat and sweat is more than enough to cause stronger feelings than a simple book, or a TV programme
Nooo, Latvia will always be our best braliukas <3
Visit r/kaimashumor to see what I mean
11 – vien-uolika; 12 – dvy-lika; 13 - try-lika; 14 – ketur-iolika; 15 – penk-iolika
But the reason why the areas where liths actually live are green is because of internal competition, and certain niches some areas specialise in.
Whats up with US and Canada nudes?
We pronounce it with "Sh" and add the lithuanian "-as" at the end, so it's "Budapeštas" in lithuanian
Not sure if 15min would put that much effort in their content.
„Quotation marks
Lanes
We wanted to build our own power plant, but there was a huge opposition to it in our press for some reason, even with illogical claims.
I guess I can see why it could not be fully trusted, but I feel like this is one of the rare things that NL seems to be in its own little different world than almost everyone else
Half the population hates it, other half enjoys listening to their angry ramblings, "Hurr durr, pensions are small yet they spend money on this rusty pipe".
You can still live in another country and be Turkish.
Especially Vladimir V. Putin the Great
thank goodness
Really I can't really think of any situation in my life where I have heard such line other than some sort of celebration in public events
I would estimate that around 60% of Vilnius is ugly :D
But if a had to pick one popular piece of classical music, I guess it would be [Mikalojus Konstantinas Čiurlionis - Miške]
They're private, so the workers are actually qualified and well paid
Elizabeth II - Elžbieta Antroji
I imagine a grandma when I hear this name
If anyone interested to know more about Lithuanian History, i recommend everyone to read this [The History of Lithuania in PDF]
Polish people can go from kindergarten to university by speaking polish
He's the present day honest abe.
It's widely seen as a mental disorder and you can face social exclusion from your friends if you think otherwise.
So we have the completely logical and simple letters like ąęėįūųčšž.
So again, soviet unions input in winning ww2 was tiny compared to its army size, and basically held germanys hands while allies beat it to death
Like 5% of icelands population are poles
Only sub here i know that is mainly meme based is r/demiko
You talk how you share cuisine with Finns, but I bet you don't know half the dishes Finns eat.
weird if they'd do anything not related to military.
Please French don't elect another Russian puppet, especially because you sure do like protesting
Belarus/Ukraine
How does Turkish government react to the Chinese genocide/persecution of Turkic people
It's summer now in Antarctica, so going out is most of what they do daily
Even pre referendum surveys showed that more would vote to remain, but the pools forget to account for the fact that people who want to leave would come out to vote in larger numbers like they did in Brexit referendum
your sentence would be:
It's a huge generalisation, but I think if you'd go off of a statistic, your roommate would be right to an extent
George Cross flags] that were reportedly flown by the cavalry of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania at the [Battle of Orsha in 1514]
People who had lunch as their second class (at 7:50) were the ones who really got screwed over because they couldn't just leave
It would have a place in this world of ever-increasing automation, especially if it gets to the point where it really starts to cause large amounts of unemployment, but how would it be executed
Mussolini had a better taste in architecture.
I would assume same was in the middle east and so on.
So you can't be Latvian-Lithuanian that easily?
Meat scandals, when "independent group of experts" found parasites
I was sleeping in a bunk bed and fell out of it while sleeping
That's why it is called trans-pacific partnership.
Personally, I would not be against this idea only on one condition: They must learn lithuanian, find a job, respect our traditions and way of life.
Nazi German psycho quotas for "germanisation" varied from country to country.
- The cash register is on the table
You could go to prison for up to one year if you're caught driving drunk with more than 1.5 promiles of alcohol in your blood.
You can get 3 months of free weekly sessions with a psychologist per year, on top of that you can go to group therapy and group "life skill improvement seminars". Basically you can get 6-9 months of psychological help for free
Do they have the authority to do that
And we have a loooong history of totalitarianism in Europe.
Lithuania looking like a toddlers puzzle game
One of us
I guess you are right and Lithuania can be proud its average wages are higher than in Moldova
Is Latvia really falling down to almost level of Russia?
If the people support their governments actions then they're guilty of it as well.
So they want to "seem progressive" instead of
Extremely poor research for this post, OP
I would say it's [Curonian Spit ] something magical there
I bet our presidents were really happy to hear that they were responsible for the Yugoslav wars from Mister Trumpet
Or is it too "private"?
Could be used as both I guess
their skewed idea of atheism.
> i rītus nū Argentėnas, prīgol Britanėjē
Eurobeat intensifies
Idk why, I've just heard people joking about it a lot, so I guess that would be it
Piłsudski was Pole from Lithuania, therefore Lithuanian(as of Lithuania, a region, not a Baltic State) :)
Lke how many of them were distributed, where, who delivered them?
They are both a bit less "urban?", they both like to put their flags up everywhere like [here] and [here] they are both seen as "unintelligent" or "primitive" by their overlords Lithuanians and Yankee Americans
Something like what USA did to local Asians during WW2, rather than extermination camps of Nazis
I am just talking from my experience and yes my only comparision is Lithuania because I am from there.
1990 after the fall of the soviet union.
I am just going to drop this wikipedia arcticle about the famine in anyone wants to learn about it
That's kind of the same for me.
Fuel price makes me think about one.
I don't think I've seen it too
It also has a male equivalent Mantas, which is my name
Once they're threw from EU they will have no power on dividing it.
Our government is currently:
Lithuanians tend to keep to themselves, so things like depression usually eat the person up from inside, as they don't go reaching out for help
Yep, when i talk to someone i often say, "like uhm that thing, you know, right
It's the Alps, temperature varies wildly depending on elevation
He thought of Lithuania as his motherland, but Polish language and Polish nationality at the time were more comfortable to use.
Smetona belongs in borscht soup
We're no more "artificially created" than any other nation.
Year 1 to 8 looked similar, it just started at 08:00
"I am going to do natural things"
Same with some musicals Lithuania too:
The fact that former soviet countries are more proficient in English than Mediterranean countries
I also have a few where you can choose how much the top part opens, so you can leave just a crack, for a little bit of ventilation at night
Oh and  *Adam Mickiewicz,* the man born in Belarus, spoke in polish, lived in Poland and wrote how beautiful Lithuania is (could be wrong, just remember something like this from school)
Aparently it's called "Ampersendas".
Because fuck I would been killing Soviets on Nazi side for such things too
SpaceX is largely funded by US taxpayers through NASA and air force programs.
Estonians and Lithuanians who lived here also went through the same process as Russians, yet they didnt yell **oppression!!**.
If fast and accessible public transport is available to larger cities, people will live there
They're Ok
* Kęstutis
AK-47 was actually heavily influenced by the StG-44
Why wouldn't straight people listen to Verka
English + Russian is the most popular combination here in LTU.
This is all of course not true, they would have gotten their citizenship long ago when they would have wanted it.
Of course somehow religion is magical and it doesn't apply to that and now I am racist.
All I was saying is that some might consider lithuania, latvia and obciously estonia a northern european country, becouse they all either go above or are on the same latitude, than denmark, which is considered a scandinavian, so automatically also a northern country, and if baltics are above the latitude of a northern country, they're also northern
The cities are competitive, but it's not like someone actually hates Vilnius
We've got way too much potato
I'm also interested in geography so I at least know the differences between the countries although I forget a lot
It was an honor to live on the same planet with a man as talented as you
Just simple fact I cant have a conversation with anyone from slavic language group if we both speak in our native languages.
Hmm maybe that our language is the oldest in Europe
NATO concern over information drought (from LT, LV)
Swastika is still used by Finnish air force
Then, on the 14th of November 1918, the Regency Council, whose task was to temporarily replace the king, bestowed all the power into the hands of one man.
I sleep with an open window (I live in a small town, so the air is fresh), so at least that's good
Some schools asks priests to do the talk (I am not sure why)
New street looks good and is very more comfortable
May his gets be epic, may his memes be strong, and may Pepe be with Him!!!
Red lights
Or Smirnoff, for that matter
The woman says the phrase in correct Lithuanian and the guy says it in an accent.
Part of Eastern Bloc against our own wishes
Zhive Belarus
Democracy is about representing publics voice
There is no chance for Grand Duchy of Lithuania as a country, these are three completely different nations today.
And the reason why we can't is the current Russian goverment.
Some people wont' tell you, some won't shut up bout it
Oh, wait, you never said so
Ukraine, Georgia, Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria those are all defensive operations on foreign soils...
you divide an integer (no numbers after comma not even 0.
I sure hope you're not counting Islamic terrorism as mass shootings.
bruh
Not really, but there's usually jamam dienos /(We're taking it!
It's a net receiver from the UK government.
Between lithuanians nowadays its considered national, just like the new line of Voruta wines
It's not annoying
Military power, economic power, influential power (superpower status), Russia is nowhere near that of USSR.
Ukraine, Belarus and Lithuania.
LT : Pūkas     EN: Fluff     |  LV: Pukas    EN: Dragon
Any Lithuanian pop
Just as I expected, the only Lithuanian MEP who voted against was Rolandas Paksas.
Tack så mycket
Didn't even knew we export it
Is that how it actually works in practice
Lithuania proclaims its independence - March 11, 1990!
Happy independence day brothers,best wishes from Lithuania
Suicide
Rotting Christ is awesome and they're also from greece
Technically this is wrong as Belarus changed to their independence flag after their exit from the Soviet Union
I know that I have German and Polish blood too.
Into nordics we go
Tastes:
Looks beautiful
Since 1990s there only have been few years with no wars in Europe
**One of us
Talking about soviet union in a positive manner
It makes more sense in Lithuanian than in my English translation
I had started a similar thread a year ago on /r/europe.
Misc - gray/black
True
I thought gays are the #1 threat
Wow such a dumbass view
Yeah, for just 5million dollars solve something what international superpowers cant.
1200 German troops land in Lithuania amid Russia fears
*- Oh haha, I actually don't speak Russian
I'm not sure if other languages have this, but we have words that can only be plural
Honestly, have you all tried demanding the truth and transparency, investigating the claims, and not giving in for corruption
And how many were lets say "Under new management"?
Yeah
The Lithuanian flag colors suggest that it's a West African country.
The downside is that it is a very intense, hands on diy job, because if you pay others to do it it will cost probably more than regular construction.
So no
Did they return
You're not wrong but to I got something to add
Rarely police patrols are issued assault rifles
Fucking terrible
Like the assassination of Rimantas Grainis by a car bomb for example.
Couriers/postmen usually deliver hands-to-hand, or to a relative if the postman is a local and knows who is who
Hey, them Curonians are as much Lithuanian as they are Latvian.
Why would you think there's problem
It was absolutely insane seeing this in real life a few years ago
Pilsudski is one of founding fathers for Poles, but a half-Lithuanian-who-stole-our-capital guy for us
Blap blap blap, boop
We bought him pink flowers and on that day, the sky was all pink
It was because of the free market, foreign investment, and those sweet, sweet cohesion fund monies.
Lithuania has the opposite feature
Russian - red
i think u just accepted cookies
Looks like it might be a bitch when the inside needs serious work, e.g.  repaving or dead tree removal
Zeppelins maybe
Gediminas tower obviously
Shops can choose if they accept them or not.
Consuming so much British and American media has made my accent into one that my parents don't even understand
Wage labour was the norm for the majority of the population (farmers work the nobles fields, they pay a part of the harvest as tax and keep the rest - their wage
(But this is just a suggestion)
Lithuania do have a bilionaire, it's Nerijus Numavičius with €1.3B
However, it cause numerous problems for the people, and we eventually had a referendum on a timezone change that the +2 camp won.
But the Sejm was a shitty governance body for a large empire.
But countries don't give citizenship as soon as you arrive
The average voter has abandoned them for the Peasants.
Add to that Tatar-Ottoman slave trade, slaves were abducted people of Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth, the longest slave trade was Arab slave trade, but hey, they aint Europeans.
Something similar was bumped and widespreaded by pro-kremlin trolls about Lithuania few days ago all across the reddit...
I didnt even know that being part of latvian ssr would feel so insulting
Basically 50% of Russian news and 80% of western news are fake.
I wish we had a program like that here
How old is the nation of Lithuanians?
I'm from Lithuania and I don't think anyone here knows how much a car costs in Greece.
My favourite factoid on the topic is that Spanish *mucho* and English *much* are not related
And they and their children are still living here refusing to learn a national language and then complain how they can't get a proper job and how they are discriminated.
I guess that's a bit unfair against the good people of Lithuania, because in Finland [Kouvola]
Crazy stuff
Wouldnt calling it one of the American states work better
Well, to be fair, Trump is sort of a living joke and Reddit comments are basically 70% overused jokes and 30% legitimate discussion or original jokes.
It's not ''foreign'' land
May be you will also deny the joint state of Poland and Lithuania?
But I see where he is coming from.
I have many friends/ relatives who live in Lithuania (most of them are citizens) and all of them use their original surnames in legal documents as well (Vainer/ Monse/ Himmer/Isaac/ Daniel).
I bought a £10 plane ticket from Glasgow Scotland to Vilnius Lithuania (one side of Europe to another) a few months ago.
[The rider] was rejected because of the background colour's connections to the revolution, the Soviets and all that.
And my country has a murder rate 2 times higher than USA while having 1/70 of the guns per capita.
In our language "putinas" means a herb Also there are some people in Lithuania that shares this last name as well (e.g.
I mean, what counts as "out of thin air" for you
Yeah the police here has become increasingly better.
between 1919-2019
Then once you go above that limit its a fine, and once you go further and further beyond the limit the punishments become more serious
To the east they were named duchies to the west - kingdoms . That's why our grand dukes wrote to the west that they were "kings" or "emperors" and no one batted an eye
90 Euros per month and we get 25 Mbps give or take, granted we do have to use a signal booster
So, literally no one says that in Lithuania
Also, here's a personal story
If the deal is to be breached (leaving Lithuania for Germoney), then they should lose their status and be returned to the camp they came from, immediately.
It makes sense
Well shit, maybe sprinkle some in the baltic sea, I'll go fishing.
Tbf, it's different era
* Gorbachev, glastnost, perestroika
It's only about 10-20times a year that I exceed 50km in the same day.
Look at their whole alcohol skit.
I don't have much knowledge about car engines, but in that case there would be no fuel injection only air right
It's a very diverse country, some parts can not differ at all from Mongolia, some don't differ at all from Pakistan and some don't differ at all from Eastern Europe.
I think I read that the veto was overused, so caused some serious problems to the country
[This] song is pretty much our second anthem, always played during competitive sports matches
I would for sure include Kęstutis and Algirdas
I feel like it's the case for anyone older than 20, or maybe even now
> jäääär
Russian authoritarianism has defined Lithuanian history for the past 200 years.
* Antanas Smetona
I would argue that we have the opposite problem
Often times it's easier to express something in English
Had Polish Lithuanian commonwealth survived without partitions to this day, you would probably have at least 10 million people who would speak polish, but would consider themselves Lithuanians, and in case called Poles they would take it as personal offence and Pilsudski (if born) would probably be a Lithuanian nationalist.
English
Your unrelated list of events doesn't change that
Pretending like it's a popular sub with foreigners or something.
We're at the kids table watching grownups talk
My good bike I use to commute to work with (9km one direction)
I find it severely lacking in most topics that i’m interested in, so I really only use it for articles relating to Lithuania itself (and even then, a lot of the times the very same article in the english language is more complete)
I learnt german it school, didn’t learn much, because I didn’t have motivation back then, but trying to improve it now and it’s not difficult
Am I missing something or the answers is a lie?
Well son and father don't have different surnames to show the same thing...
Its not about hating police
But the Russian Empire was over - its citizens were either citizens of the USSR, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Finland, Poland etc.
At least we are higher than Lithuania
Whole 22C heatwave right now
Don't see a lot of those around the shops, so you'd be owning a monopoly
I'd say that football is way more popular among the youth
Lest we forget that Lithuania had the single grooviest basketball jersey of all time in the 1992 Olympics
Yeah, but you only know the words that keep them away from you
Baltics sought peace and stability, they got one and now after being able to join NATO it can ensure that that stability and peace will not be threatened by outside force.
Looking at this thread, it seems like pretty much everyone disagreeing with this POV are specifically Lithuanian while Estonians and Latvians don't seem to care as much.
Aging population will take a heavy toll in the future
I saw the Hermitage, Kunstkamera and the white nights
I'm pretty sure the "everyone under 30 knows English, everyone over 30 knows Russian" rule applies to both countries, so we got the work cut out for us
I don't think any more or Denmark exists last this street
Except that conversion therapy is still under NHS in UK.
You were betrayed by powerful criminals, yes
Out of all of the places I've been to in that region Ojcowski park narodowy was my favourite
Achberlin
I believe it was from 2010, haven't read it in years.
The one for the whole country would be [Trakai castle] for me
What I wanted to say is that half of Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth was also not slavic
* Litas introduced
I was going to write that but forgot how to spell "mir", havent used any German for well over a decade
It feels like an extended autumn without the golden leaves, or spring without the bloom.
I don't even know what sort of accent I have
I think it's just strawberries with whipped cream
*^^^We're ^^^very ^^^different*.
Doesn't strike me as very right wing, at least I hope not, that like my go to phrase
Anyone with half of a brain, a hardware store nearby and an internet connection can make explosives.
At least in Lithuania, Ukrainian "civil" war is talked 24/7 in News.
Yet you dont show discontent, still afraid to say it out loud
Although it's torture being in the bus, and the nights are very hot (and we have no AC)
Exactly the same in Lithuania
Kaliningrad district on the other hand is bordering Lithuania.
1000 years in the future, I'd get a ticket to New New York and get a job as a delivery boy
Thanks, CGP Grey
Top comment on Lithuania's biggest media outlet, delfi.lt: "Looks like Putin is going to win the US presidential election."
Baltics would probably tag along with Nordics, or we might tag along with Poland and their friends
Uhh
Where do the rest of us go to not be met with hostility
So I expect to be downvoted for this, but as a Greek woman I have to admit: I immediately think less of a man who's been to Athos.
Really depends on your path
not again
They want to make it 50
It is pretty common to move out.
Most discounts are tied to the minimum length of service (usually 2 years)
graduated in 2012
I think it's the blend of our horrible past, history where killing yourself was more prideful then losing
And he emigrated, which makes a lot of sense.
For Lithuania: general quality, waiting times and what we call "treating you as a person". When you go to private clinics, the wait times are small, the doctors are nice, you can easily get an MRI, you can go straight to a specialist without a need for referral from GP (super annoying and time consuming), you can actually get treatment for cosmestic stuff
Ms Nazliaka’s protest on Thursday forced parliament’s deputy speaker to suspend the discussion on the proposed constitutional reforms for several hours, and eventually led to a fistfight between several female members of parliament
Baltic states, Central
As I heard, that is because people who have only one passport could be somehow “discriminated” by people who have dual citizenship
Because, at least in the Baltic countries, quality of life was similar to that of Western Europe.
Senpai Svenska-san noticed us (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ
Hello neighbors
the Baltics), foreign students can apply for special scholarships if they can prove that their parents/grandparents (not sure how far the family tree it goes) have descended from that country.
Ah, badge of honor
If anything, it's regional languages that are endangered, but they're getting replaced not by English but by the official languages of the countries where they're spoken
Where some of the richest people in the world come to holiday and live
That's debatable
Yeah Lithuania went from 0.9% to 1.8% within 3 years
Cause total Polish community in there is not that large
Ah, well I’m not sure we have one
I doubt anyone has to do anything to prevent Turkey's membership in EU
It is not weak and Poland does not affect or cares about some random eastern state as you probably would wish.
Thanks for your in-depth response :) .
To this day the legends and some of the rituals live on
And it's very conservative country in general.
Brb stocking up doughnuts today
Far-right and far-left parties are extremely unpopular here.
That would do the job and maybe start a war
Great
I adore Mrs Merkel
Train or bus inside Lithuania or when going to neighbouring countries including Estonia
Sure reality is different, it's fucked.
\- Well duh, that's how it works
In 1939 it took you a couple days to reach Lithuania with 100's of tanks and armored vehicles.
I just love the "isolated" cases in these kind of maps, they probably tell a good amount of history that I'm not quite aware of, like Portugal being orange, Romania green or Poland and Lithuania yellow!
Because that's exactly what they were doing in Crimea, along with such calculations.
Days.) in Akropolis shopping and entertainment centers around that time and it's on Saturdays.
Settle in Romania
Anyone with a clean record can take a class and pass it and get the permit
Simplified process of bringing new genetic material to the island?
While historical discussions have that added twist of nationalism, naming rules a quite clear, the more important titles have to come first so in this case there isnt a lot to argue about
Rotate between Pasvalys and Bauska
too true for that every day on the news the same sh**.
They can't. I'm just gonna post links and memes all over the place and they won't be able to do anything about it
Quite an overwhelming response on the current immigrant policy being corrent, but in need of cooperation and enforcement.
Poland is china of europe
Yeah I always found our year counting stupid
Why do you give half a shit about some stupid person mixing you up with someone else?
dunno about Lithuania, but here if a person dies within 24 hours of being admitted in the hospital, an autopsy is required by law
2 stones or smth
Meant to describe a place in the middle of nowhere, but also that is hard to find (like a forest)
Maybe our [basketball anthem
You do know you can identify as a French ethnicity even though you're technically not?
The others, on the other hand, disagree replying that this is just a dialect of the Latvian language.
They activated some kind of "deal plan" and it costs 10€ now
We are always pro EU and comply with what EU wants
Damn, really sad to see no rating for Vatican :(
Lithuanian:
Unless ofcourse you want to argue that we should have been a kingdom if not for our stolen crown /s
KIDNAPPERS REEEEEEEEEE
Some schools let you choose the subject you're placed in (and that's usually followed by bullying if you choose the "wrong" class for your gender, sometimes even by the staff)
If I have to spend more than say 4ish hours behind the wheel, imma say fuck it and fly.
Also, no wonder that Riga is called the Pearl of the Baltic Sea.
I wasn't there, of course, but from what people said, the Coachella ripoff party was fun
Russia should become part of Mongol Empire again, their independence was never recognized internationally.
I guess so
Rest of lithuania doesnt seem them as exclusive, better or worse
He said kids live with Ukrainians and Belarusians and learn Russian faster.
The only thing you can carry for self-defence without a specific license is pepper spray
Lithuania has seen better days.
Our post soviet teachers aren't dead yet.
We're trying to revive it, but it's still mostly shit
People's names are a huge part of their identity, why shouldn't we try to make them more unique
The packaging will either be in several languages or have a sticker with the information transalated if it doesn't(usually because it's either for the polish or finnish market)
You would just basically befriend everyone who was hanging out in the yard of your apartment block, and there were a lot of kids there
See also Herzegovina and Bosnia or perhaps Tobago and Trinidad.
Yea, McDonalds is wayyyyy better
Like, listen to some honest experience of how a Swedish person gets through their week
Few foreigners live here, and most of them are doing quite well
Its the general culture that shitfs too much from default
Imagine the parliament putting a stop to Brexit on 5th of November...
Did we ever hold hands with British?
Restaurants and those kegs all around touristy areas in the summer.
Further north and east
Would you recommend reading up on the historical events the film is based on before watching
At one point, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was the biggest state in Europe.
Living near Klaipėda, Lithuania
but Polish
Hard to confirm what's real and what are just made up rumors, because its Belarus and press freedom is not a big thing there, so everything is reported just by us, and we can't really have good proof for it other than our security agencies having connections in Belarus.
png] – a stock MacOS wallpaper downloaded online
The land where their parents, granparends and great-grandparents lived, worked and died
Oh wait
We have it too
people were most worried about price increases and that was proven to be very well founded fear, in Lithuania at least
normal calm people, look like workaholics
Today is the 99th birthday of Lithuania!
So they lobby for LR to stay stiff on the deal.
> Estonia, Lithuania or Bosnia,
Europeans learned the hard way that colonies aint loyal
Sadly, in 25 years we havent got a parliamentary majority with liberal party in the lead, therefore even the partnership is still not allowed.
My great-grand parent who fought for free Lithuania was brutally trotured and then killed by Soviets.
If anyone like this, I would recommend r/papertowns
I thought we were supposed to be one big European family, but the xenophobia against "Eastern Europeans" radically changed my opinion.
Wear something with pockets
The temperature is arround 5 C° at day time and 0 C° at night
Don't see non-natives using it very often
Nation
Still, thanks for the interesting link.
In private we joke about others, comedians joke about themselves or stereotypes of people
In general, greeks are the most chill people ive met
2 stones or smth
You don't see protests like the ones in Romania.
You need air for greenhouse effect and there is no air in the sea
I've seen so many different ones.
They can't tell Lithuanian from Latvian...
It's a photographer that most people here would probably have heard of
There's better games to play online, I was just talking about real life experiences
5€/month]
Although politically and geographically Baltics don't fit into Central Europe.
They are the rapists, they are the bad ones, they are the occupants.
Indo-European Language and Culture
Some prices went up, some went down, but most of the wages are growing much faster than this
They just need to remember where their borders start and end first.
3D satisfaction from this
McDonald's is not a messy food
As a content creator, this actually makes me happy
Before 2014, when the conflicts in Crimea and eastern Ukraine happened, I almost never saw any military whatsoever, except for the occasional parade on independence day.
If you were in the economic circumstances that these people are in, you would be selfish, too
Jawohl, kurvasvāks
The annoying thing is that them running away is going to add additional costs and draw of resources when they already were given so much.
To give perspective, people are less friendly and worse behaved than anywhere else in the country
Not country, but city
[ This how it looks
Here (in Lithuania) we usually have classes of 25-32 people, 4-8 classes per grade (depends to the size of the school)
Moreover, when she was trying to get a driving license, she was asked why she went to a psychologist at the age of 10
Even when out in pubs Lithuanians are quite passive and indifferent towards strangers
Unless traveling
What country is on the other side
As a Lithuanian in the UK who knows quite a few Poles and Romanians, I can guarantee you that most Eastern European communities love living here and feel very little ill feeling towards the English.
Sounds like you don't have an argument so you're attempting to make fun of them instead and undermine their legitimacy.
I checked in Wikipedia and it says that construction started in 1987
That is a disgusting nazi organization
That's when Lithuania, as a state, ceased to exist.
But that's what some/lots of Eastern Europeans say
That said generally among friends
They board it and find porn magazines scattered around, porn posters on the walls, etc
That is completely unrelated to Lithuanian
At least thats what the dude above you probably meant
It's always the self-proclaimed defenders of the West who breach western values like democracy and human rights
No, not common
Rather foolish of her expecting police to be able to read
Do they stream and talk with the kids in chat
Although its extremely challenging to write in this manner
The wars with Poland-Lithuania in 1800s left their mark here
Ramūnas Karbauskis, the head of the ruling 'Peasant' party
Even in your case I hardly imagine a Polish in Samogitian lands, yet to Polish it must be Polish
He's not even a good businessman, he would likely steal billions for his own personal gain.
But Stalin had no problem with it
Electronic: Sel - Užmerkiu akis, sel600, Laiškas iš Paryžiaus, Nieko verta, Bek etc
I'm not sure though
The socialist Grizzly has fallen that day
I know a lot of them are being trolled and misled by malicious people, but really, I find it hard to fathom sometimes how so many people know nothing about anything outside the US system and think they're inventing something new
This is fine -5-10
My biggest problem with my accent is lack of clarity, I've learnt to speak slower than usual just to sound clearer and not to skip so many words
Most of Russian people who died in WW2 died because of a maniac running Russia.
My boyfriend is Dutch and I'm Lithuanian
And the ones that are here are casual internet people so wont bother leaving home to tell everyone about evil Polish plan
I think Thatcher and British foreign policy was helpful to Lithuania during independence and prior to it.
Wonder how it will affect turism in the south of europe.
I need Russia to join EU
Hah, I'm eating pizza with a pineapple right now
There is an interesting story how he tried to pass up for a noble by changing his van to a von
Eesti, You tried so hard and got so far, but in the end it doesn't matter.
They think they're the best and don't care about other cities
unfortunately, your first link really does not work.
[cool]
I want to clarify I don't say baltics are scandinavia, becouse obviously they're not
If you don't drive one, you are seen as immature or ecofascist
It's not, just that it would be too expensive for Estonia alone and Lithuania couldn't reach an agreement on building another one for all three Baltic states.
Yeah, but nowadays people care more about isolated incidents than actual statistics.
The war was the cause of the Russian revolution, and the Nazis
We're taught English from elementary school and in middle school we choose a 3rd language (either French, Russian or German)
The one for the whole country would be [Trakai castle] for me
You see, comrade, when I beat you with a stick, it's actually not me beating you with a stick, I just help the stick gain direction and velocity on it's natural path towards the center of earth's gravity, and you just happen to be in the way.
So, you personally
Is that the stance of all american people now?
well the question then would be where Easter Europe ends
It had nothing to do with the source itself.
Christians atleast made like 2000 different churches to justify their religions downfalls.
What are other less famous
If every page is 50ms slower to load 20 pages and it's a second.
Or "I speak Lithuanian to you
Vilki - Tumšis bija, gaišis tapa
Chill mate, it's just a prank, bro, just a prank!
Yeah even with good PC it takes some time if you dont have ssd.
Don't forget to get personal union with Hungary.
Well I would guess that our communists simply understand that the movement from capitalism to communism creates a new class of ruling elite and they aspire to be that elite or *some outsider* convinces them to want to be that elite.
[Not exactly the same, but I hope it still counts, enjoy your weekend
People generally don’t speak to people they don’t know unless absolutely necessary
Well they were the invaders to Scots at first.
Soon enough she will become a planetary system, with her own gravity field
Later that night I went to explore Riga, it's pretty cute
However, we go very indepth with Lithuanian history.(As much depth as you can go in 45 mins lesson).
When addressing an elder you can also use Senjoras/Senjorė, which is a respectful way to call someone who is a pensioner, because "pensininkas/pensininkė" has a bit of negative connotation.
You can say or do wtf you want to anyone as long as its not against the law
Well
We also have a preamble:
Pigeons in quarantined cities
Who would inherit the пельме́ни?!
We share quite a lot of words with Latvian, but most often it's just the same root, possibly with few different leters, pronunciation is different
Well thats a very 2020ish way to end the year
Just because them and the Germans fought among themselves doesn't put them on the right side of history.
Very Lithuanian-centred
I really want to visit someday.
Finnish statistics are more impressive, but yet again, they also learn Swedish
26+ hot
101, 102, 103 etc
And together we are still Lithuanians.
Some other person gave a link to the person in question:
The building is a shared property, it belongs to all the apartment owners.
[On purpose
don't forget Jagiełło, he made Poland great.
It's just a game of absurd and official people and workers of the national TV are forced to play it
Although, I don't know what the story was doing in a collection of slavic tales (maybe you meant polish)
Labas rytas :)
I got my plan as a temporary offer, but when it ended operator gave me the choice to extend it for two more years.
P.S. I actually have never heard of a golden age in Lithuania's history, so I don't know the details, or if this counts as a golden age
I have no energy to name all of the parties we have in the small Lithuania...
Also now there is 4 kind of it and theres a different special edition each year
I mean, I know it's rare in UK and US, but there is such a thing as making sure that something is true and correct before reporting it and ensuring that you have proper data, AKA actual journalism.
If you are a true refugee, once you left a country like Syria, there is no coming back.
Balkanites/Lithuanians/Latvians are all mafioso pimps running drugs
But don't go full nazi either, don't wish mass genocide on others, don't discriminate people based on the colour of their skin, try to help those who are really in need.
The picture on the bottom was taken probably in 2010 - 2011
Nationalities were more defined but still tricky in case of Poland-Lithuania as the best example would be Narutavičiai (Narutowicz) - one brother became Poland's first president and the other brother was signatory of Lithuania's independence
The moment Nazis rose to power we started prosecuting every single one of them during last 5 years before beginning of WW2.
Also it's cold and mental illness is stigmatized
I'm more worried about possible trojan horses in Peasants and Greens party.
she says "Lithuanians, hate the poles, full of Jews"
It's not very tall, more like a car less like a van.
Belgium isn't that big after all
Putin has been undermining NATO for a long time just so he won't have to go to war with them.
Every apartment building has their own area, but there were no fences or anything, so all the kids just roam from block to block and play anywhere they want
Being called Russian or being asked if your Russian or being spoken to in Russian (by default) is unbelievably painful and aggravating
That of the Soviet Republics was a common effort.
I wish Romania had power to annex you, look at their fighting over corruption, they would save you, poor lost brothers.
Another, less common word used to call cheat sheet is *Paruoštukė* which is female form of prepared sheet
Usa politics usualy jump around the center - center left divide.
I prefer the British version of most of the words that have a British/American variant but "colour".
He's not asshole, I don't know how similiar Turkey and Greece is in traditions, but Lithuania and Russia are like two different worlds, yet people put stereotype that we're similar due to geography.
IIRC in Lithuanian case it wouldn't apply, because the treaty was signed after they declared Independence.
And Kosovo closer to Nigeria than to Serbia.
Not a fan of watching basketball games
Yeah, same experience travelling through Poland
Honestly a person trying to speak Lithuanian just warms my heart , yeah it can sound a bit funny but it still matters to me that they care about learning my language that from what I've heard is hell for people to learn
Love my baltic brother and poles and their culture, simply amazing
I mean this reasoning can be extended to any witness testimony ever
The numbers are skewed because Russian was mandatory only 20 and a bit years ago.
I am Lithuanian and piss everywhere when I am drinking
By indulge I mean these drinks are their food
Quick, throw a pokeball to catch him!
Well, the main reason is that Lithuania we used to be in the Commonwealth with is not the same Lithuania that is on the contemporary maps.
2 - du,
Pink Soup: a traditional Lithuanian cold beet soup often enjoyed during the summer (but don't try and stop me)
Russia somehow borders us from the west, and there's a weird country called Belarus in the east
[image of domophone]
Bride and Groom definitely had many other face expressions during the ceremony
This is because we both declared independence from the Soviets twice, right
Šakotis is layered too, the dough is poured on it while it slowly rotates over a fire
[For Lithuania it's maybe this] [Other ones]
Murkti - to purr
1st in the list and, according to national statistics, First by viewership is LNK
Very few people actually move back and forth between countries
Lithuania is sitting in the Northern Europe (United Nations classification), Baltic sea region.
Ah sure apart from their Syrian, Afghan, Iraqi, Ukrainian, Georgian, Lithuanian, Finnish, Estonian assaults, laughable propaganda, failing economy, gender and class inequality, political and economic corruption, satanic church, targeting of LGBT citizens, cultural racism, blind unfathomable nationalism, soviet imperialism, it's pretty alright.
According to some of them, Samogitia is +/- interwar Lithuania.
Petersburg (Russia) by train and then we'll get a bus to Tallinn (Estonia).
We mostly see them just like ourselves, but a slightly more drunk and violent version of ourselves.
The October Parlamentary Crisis, 1st Chechen war, rise of the olygarchy and rapidly stupidier and stupidier economic policies.
Not to mention that she unilaterally decided to ignore the rules set out by the schengen treaty.
Poland votes Poland most compassionate and least arrogant.
> Yes, and it's mandatory, you can't choose
Me on the other hand, I've been in my building for a couple of years and I don't know anyone except my childhood friend's parents
) I lived in Barcelona for years
For the Baltic states that means fighting Russia.
So you're saying to trust no one, and not to draw conclusions based from previous actions ?
Classical: M. K. Čiurlionis - Miškas; Jūra
They get a 1 month buff on the cleric skill tree
Christmas eve 24th, Christmas 25th thats when we exchange gifts
Going by plane is another option, but it puts the trip to the whole new price range.
We call it "Paukščių takas", which means the same, although it's plural, so it would translate more to "Path of the birds".
Don't cut yourself on it child.
Discussing whether we're Northern, Eastern, or Central European would be more contested
Yeah but it would be like way more accurate if it Poland was labeled as Lithuanian Slovakia and not vice versa.
wtf Ireland
Still, its official correspondence from the White house
Right, but at the same time Latvians and Lithuanians are happier than us.
Brick houses are very good though, their age basically doesn't matter.
You can't drive semi trucks on this road
We sometimes say blemba, but it's not really a swearword
Out of 44 European capitals 12 don't have rivers flowing through them:
Either give a recording or I still have no clue
You can even get a 300up/300down connection at a similar price if you manage to get a promotional offer
Poland still gathers more GDP growth than Lithuania and its unemployment rate and wage rise is on the record high.
Yet all news claim its NASA only in their titles :(
The Papal project thing is ridiculous I agree, but from what I saw, the difference between Serbians and Croatians are minimal if you ignore religion and wealth.
Funny enough, one of the biggest shoe shops around in Lithuania is called Danija
Špargalkė. No idea what it means originally, cause i guess its a russian word
No problem at all
Easy, every Lithuanian are hardened for depression.
You just need a bigger screen to see them
Though I think the main reason a lot of Lithuanians dislike Poles, are the Poles still living in Lithuania
Song about burning russian castles and reclaiming the stolen fatherland
&#x200B;
We've had a few road-trips to Germany, Scotland, Switzerland, etc
I've encountered some older ladies, especially when I was a kid (like 15-20 years ago), claiming that one must go tanning or otherwise 'be in the sun' in the summer because a tan is healthy
>If you were to describe the idea of capitalism to people living under feudalism, they'd laugh you out of the room
Russia is a federation and has given its federal subjects various amounts of autonomy depending on the subject.
Korean, Japanese and French
Lithuania to build fence on border with Russian exclave
-10 is not that cold, don't even need a hat for that weather
Europe is generally less religious than the US so usually, no
And if OP sees this can you put a link as a reply to this comment?
Although Romans never conquered Baltic region, we still have the [Grand Coliseum of Vilnius] Interestingly enough it stands next to Acropolis mall
Also, lots of people in the area will benefit because factory will need supplies and the workers will need places where they can spend their money.
cuckold
Well first of all it screams at you.
Well this war helped us to break free from Russian Empire
So many accidents and deaths occured, yet still nothing
:) greetings from Lithuania
Im literally living in the best place of Vilnius, which is also considerably cheaper than northern suburbs, which have 0 asphalt roads, no shops and always have traffic jams
This bot cant understand the word DON'T
After he refused they tried to send him to serve in Kaliningrad but he ran away from it by bribing doctor with vodka to say that hes unfit.
Even a metal BB gun isn’t allowed without a licence, having a kitchen knife in your pocket without good reason can too get you arrested
Lithuanians formed about 10% of PLC population after its formation, that ratio went down with time.
Hey that's our job
FWIW, just imagine how much of a junior partner you'd be in the EU - Somewhere between Lithuania and Slovakia...
But Finnish is uralic while Lithuanian is slavic.
Nerd staff (IT devs, laser geeks, scientists)
I would rather you have a good opinion of Lithuanian cuisine, that is much broader than those two
Two were 9 years ago and those were Michael Teló's Ai Se Eu Te Pego, we called it just Nosa
I actually kinda like these warm nights
I've seen Lederhosen within 300 metres from the Urania clock on Alexanderplatz
Actually Lithuanian language is tightly tied with sanskrit
The first thing that comes to mind is the [Hill of Crosses]#tbm=isch&q=hill+of+crosses).
It's a bit too modern though to fit in with all the wooden warship pride posts.
Because you live in Netherlands
Red unattractive, Lithuanian;
Look at East Prussia, see that weird shaped territory within East Prussia, that's Royal Prussia, Catholic part of Prussia that was part of Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth when Duchy of Prussia was created from Teutonic Order.
People have been fined for jaywalking across busy roads.
They keep their numbers higher that way.
Then *giving* lead to putin
a gas heater
I think I saw Paradox did something like this in their games, but I also think they might have used some kind of cheats to remove fog of war (I am really not sure)
so yea
I hope this got reposted to /im14andthisiadeep already
GOPNIK TOUR of Vilnius - Lithuania country review
Without EU we'd be like Belarus now.
I would say the News channel, ( LRT, TV3, LNK ) do cover US often,but mostly if there's important things like: Californian fires and Protests
George VI - Jurgis Šeštasis
Never knew this concert existed
just answer the question you coward
I'd have assumed that's not legal.
Citizens are not really allowed to carry chemical weapons outside of Sweden
The fact that former soviet countries are more proficient in English than Mediterranean countries
The stronger and faster you hit, the bigger the shock, but in the long run it's the correct play, imo.
Latvia
Why didn’t Lithuania go with its great looking historical flag with the rider, but instead chose this completely random, ugly African looking flag?
Smetana is sour cream
They litter the house and poor ash into beer, or milk and if the owner doesn't clean up and drink the beer, the kaukai consider this as a pact
Found some really cozy and nice places without any tourists.
Samsung first, cheaper androids like Huaweis and then the iphone.
Late night and weekend shifts work well with their schedule.
EDIT: I googled Norway's frigates and yes they are antisubmarine ships.
Tallinn, Estonia
Why I stated this is that the other person compared Equatorial Guinea GDP with Lithuanian GDP.
You could get a free house or a flat, jobs everywhere, products were very cheap, equality.
If you don't plan to live in a Russian speaking country or have business relationship with Russian companies then it's it will be a waste of time learning it.
It can be a topic up to discussion.
Weakness: Vladimir
I have no intention of leaving the region if that is the main gist of the question.
Wait
People from russia just went on vacation there and bought some tanks at the local gas station just to have some fun.
Other than language and ethnicity, we're identical, given our [shared]–Lithuanian_Commonwealth) 700 years of history.
Or do both sides "come to an agreement" 99% of the time
And they are reliable and has fairly low cost after being built.
Why the hell did you add random picture of cookies?
You're really not helping your case when *Lithuania* is your base comparison (no offense to my Baltic friends, your countries are amazing but economically stunted from the policies of the USSR).
We're pro American and we being terrorist is not our speciality either.
I understand the strategic location Turkey is located in and their importance in the region, but NATO should not get tangled in pointless Erdogan populist plays
Unless you try to bribe them with insane amounts of money, which might work, but then why not pay the fine you got in the first place instead.
Our original Gediminas dynasty spawned at least half of the more famous Russian and Polish noble families, so there's definitely many alive potential successors.
That we are seemingly slowly losing the economic race to Lithuania and Latvia in the long run if predictions are to be trusted.
I have lived here all my life, so there's definitely a little bit of polish in me, but if it was not for the polish national hero, and lithuanian "anti-hero" Piłsudski, the land where I live would now probably belong to the country I consider my home
Today was -28 in Vilnius 6 a.m
There was no stone castle tradition before the Order came here, so yeah we do follow germanic castle building traditions, but we also don't have any mountains so most castles are just four walls on a hill like [this]
The stuff that roughly translates to "Damn it/Shit/Bastard" is low key enough to where it doesn't raise many eyebrows.
Please, he sounds more Lithuanian than fin complaining about life
The plague did affect them, just not to the same degree as other places.
Poland has my respect for being one of those countries in the EU that didn't go full on left
It wouldn't be far fetched if she got Lithuanian support in the end
I've never been to Lithuania or Poland, bit I see that it's about 2000 km from Paris to Vilnius.
Even the ones down under got on the list
Well, we could give them to Germans, as the Luftwaffe is already armed with some
Have you ever been to a modern hospital?
Huh, we say the same with "boba" but it's a rude word for women in general, "when the *woman* falls out it's lighter for the carriage" has a very different message :D
Identity politics is a cancer upon society
Troškūnai, because it has a funny name, a cool coat of arms and a population under 400
We only know that before [the 1926 coup]état) we had an almost perfect president.
Let me guess: Sweden = Deluge, Britain = sold us to USSR, Ukraine = Volhynia massacre, Lithuania = we want Vilnus back, Czechia = Zaolzie, France = their cheese smells, probably.
Not the first one in the Parliament, not even the first openly gay MP - there was [Rokas Žilinskas] before him
Disguised advertising, you think those 2 are from CNN?
Historically it's been a home for different ethnicities - Poles, Litvaks (Lithuanian Jews), Gudai/Litvins (Belorussians), Germans.
Something about it not being designed for nuclear warheads, not too sure myself as I was reading the news half asleep.
Anyone here from Slovenia, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Latvia or Lithuania who can tell us about their countries?
Mantė is a female lithuanian name, so interesting coincidence
They sometimes meddle with imperial units
Russian was lingua franca of Soviet Union, granted some of that population is indeed russified regardless of their ethnic background, but it's exaggeration to say that just because for someone it is convinient to use Russian at home they must have positive view of Russia.
Goddamn this wet nonsense -3ish to +3
It's not an easy question to answer, since my experiences might not reflect the situation objectively
IKEA kitchen is exactly the same quality as any other made from laminated MDF
Lithuania
He's clearly a guy that knows nothing.
Costs about 6 eur per 1 building level required to lift up, delivery itself is free
In general, Lithuanian grammar is very difficult
But if I must pick one, I'll go with [this song] because I've seen it live countless times and was never disappointed.
It makes sense cause they automatically have gun permits, have to live by higher moral standards, are extremely trusted by the public
Which is the problem I am talking about.
Lithuania - Saulius Skvernelis - the prime minister, poland - the fucking president
Well neither Latvia or Estonia were last pagan countries in europe
Could you expand on the program?
Looks like even a fart could break it in the first picture.
well we never needed it
with the exception of studies, that suggest that people from places with numbered streets have poorer navigation skills
Yes, that includes race mixing
Not sure how prevalent they are in other countries.
Just a casual no work day, with public celebrations (as in some public events usually happen then)
If Trump wins I will write the same to you :D
Germany
What is your opinion about English courses (if you took them)
He never said it's perfectly clean.
Cold (but comfortable): -10 - -5
Stay strong belarussians
Finland launches universal basic income pilot of 560 Euros a month
EU takes first step on tax haven blacklist
He would risk the annihilation of the world over Crimea, which is totally Russian , and not Tatar.
That's the thing, they know jack shit about us, this map shows how stereotypical view is in Albania.
To enter the place you need a passport, customs sometimes check for contraband
Starting from medium drink in Mc to standard residential house
Such a good drink tho
That's actually a lot of similar words for languages that separated that long ago.
And if you're young you can tackle the language as well.
You nordics should stop with that [fake tan]
I explain why this can't be used as a bridge between Lithuanian and Russian friendship as you said in the first comment.
Ihre Meinung ist uns sehr wichtig
I just read economist because it publishes interesting articles which are most of the time accurate (though opinionated) and because it kinda relates to my field.
The legend goes, that a woman was washing her clothes in the river when a crayfish gripped onto her hand
It was absolutely insane seeing this in real life a few years ago
Re-establish the commonwealth, become the dominant force in the EU, form the EU Federation.
I had one (it was old but a repro) and got so many compliments on it when worn, and met so many Lithuanians ( i live in NYC and have never visited).
There's the term "False Knight", that describes a lonely warrior, travelling in search of adventure
Yes we do, just weirdos on reddit keep showing off their inferiority complex about it
You wish braliuk
&#x200B;
The guarantor is prosecuted if the suspect runs away
Just watched the video
* failed dual nationality referendum due to not enough turnout
My Lithuanian and German tend to have quite dark and cynical humour
The Lithuanian state is an independent democratic republic
I tried to find any info on that, but wikipedia article on garlic bread doesn't mention Lithuania a single time.
> More proper would be "Es ist mir eine Ehre ..."
* **Head of government**: The main point of a head of government is that they lead the government
There's no way this is true in any way
How he agressively empowered racial tension against Lithuanians?
[Liliputas]( a Lithuanian cheese that tastes very milky and smooth and is really fun to cut.
They're pretty common
* Warsaw – Varšuva
Also surprised how little +40 people are here, some good political insights come from +-20 year olds
The male calling is enchanting
Belarus is like Switzerland except not rich, ruled by a dictator and has no clocks, knives, chocolates or cheese to boast with but at least makes good games
And if it makes islam extremists squeal in the process, that's a bonus IMO
I shop almost all groceries there and only a few products that I buy elsewhere (dairy products, cleaning supplies, beer and some other)
I can do whatever at work as long as things that i'm responsible for ar completed in before the deadlines,  no one cares about that
You think a bot could write something that dumb?
What shared identity do you have with Finns?
k I google searched it
In Lithuania we say "Were you born in a bus
Is it
Kaliningrad
I'm learing German, and I was was in Poland on a business trip with a German colleage
Opposing the EU to a point where they block every try to integration, what is *really* a shame.
That is literally healthier and more flavorsome than ketchup
The shorter people with darker hair and a bit more tan skin are probably from southern europe
Nobody in Lithuania "had a choice" at that time
I need all of those in Lithuania too!!!
I'm not sure, but courses for Lithuanians are in Lithuanian language, so foreigners automatically can't be treated equally
To get money, you need approval to cooperate from EU members.
this is where Polishfolk spawn and start their main questline
>Cheese
Anyone at least somewhat compentent in highschool physics could write down the formula if he knew the relationship
Jorė (f), Visvaldas (m)
10¹² - trilijonas
I remember my dad mentioning that when he was in the USSR army, the sentiment was that everybody hated them
A roller coaster, designed to kill it's passengers, called the [Euthanasia Coaster]
Napoleon was a pretty cool guy.
It's Čekija or Čekijos Respublika in Lithuanian.
Actually, we're pretty well liked in a lot of places.
Why couldn't we have just weekly or bi-weekly topics, named "X of Europe", where everyone in the comments could upload, say this week, the tallest, most beautiful, most expensive, most intriguing bridges of their countries and so on...
Then we learned we don't need that many wires and we can bury most of them.
Ok besides maybe Easter or Christmas
Just *the Vatican*. And that *pope*. It's not as if you voted freely ever since the time of Yeltsin
So who is the good guy according to r/Europe and the future of EU?
Personal freedom comes close next
The words are entirely different.
Estonia or Norway
Also if you add moon you could get Algiers at bottom left
It's probably just a word from my dialect, but it is a word nontheless
> Unless ofcourse you want to argue that we should have been a kingdom if not for our stolen crown /s
The whole Europe is a no go zone then.
No sane person actually wants to use them.
If your home had just been bombed, what would you want the rest of the world to do?
FDP can lick my left nut
Although Romans never conquered Baltic region, we still have the [Grand Coliseum of Vilnius] Interestingly enough it stands next to Acropolis mall
Fun (not) fact
wait what
Drunk brits on a stagdos pissing on walls is kinda noteworthy enough to be put on news
There are plenty of Russian and Polish schools that teach mosty in those languages
- Anyone
Kūnigunda ( belligerent)
It's the mentality of that group that breeds this type of behavior
Please explain how things that we do INSIDE our country give the right to Russia to cross our airspace
But I like Greeks, you have similar names to ours.
We are now a continuation of this country hence the 99 year celebration.
Or maybe this was all approved from the Ukraine crises , and not a knee-jerk reaction like you claim ?
The rock paper scissors game
Based
Though if a person is shot without intention to kill but still dies as a result - its his own fault
I know that this is possible but it just seems unlikely that it just happened to be so that people living there served in so many different army branches and know how to use even the "newest" equipment, even military drones
Looks about the same here in Lithuania
Šikšnosparsnis (bat) or the spelling I myself prefer šiknosparnis (ass wings)
But, as one user already mentioned, you should really choose a university (or even a field of study) rather than a country.
At one point Lithuania (Samogitia region more specifically) was the last pagan nation in Europe
Care to explain why I am wrong?
>Cheese
Aurimas Valujavičius
It's not that they aren't "appreciated by the public" but they are just straight up illegal, together with the flag of the soviet union and nazi germany
Our "brothers" position is reserved to Latvia (as we call "braliukas") because we're both the only remaining Baltic nations in the world, but culturally and religiously we are probably closer to Poland due to history
But the election process and the candidates really showed to me how awful the democratic process in USA is.
But when I read some comments on typical Western Media like Youtube, Daily mail regarding eastern europeans, pretty much everybody are calling us leeches, rats, filthy immigrants, a waste of social security money etc.
At this point it is hard to pinpoint which "nation" was an ancestor of Ukraine.
Why not Estonia
In Germany it's not ones ability to appease the crowds that is liked, it is ones ability to show that they are intelligent.
Now snow in winter seems more valuable than gold
Before Covid I'd estimate my budget for travel was probably in the 60€-80€ range per month
Also can understand some ukrainian and polish
Last time I checked movements to ban/prevent legalisation of abortion are not just something happening in Lithuania.
Ant=on
But then again I dont really care if we are not participating so viewership should be lower than kids Eurovision
Armenia and Azerbaijan - neighbourly voting.
Not really sure about this one either, but Latvia/Teutonic knights/Livonian Knights
I really liked how they showed us.
"Puola" in Lithuanian is a verb and it means "(he/she/it) is attacking" or "attacks" in some cases.
I was asking for sources about massive polonization of Lithuania after the Deluge
Do they fly national flag or historical flag
You may also have it loaded and ready for self-defense while at home - depending on your living arrangements
Or Greece
It's always been the norm because old Russian cars only had manual transmissions.
The biggest problem I face when speaking Hungarian is that I don't know any Hungarian words.
Nuors žėmaitiu vėkėpedėjė yr gan sens projekts pasiruodo
It is quite clear that a lot of countries under this type of rule are suffering economical problems and people are not getting better.
I've driven all the way across Czech Republic and back a couple weeks ago, I'd say your highways are pretty good
As someone who visits the Netherlands frequently, I like to rant about this too
Its meant to be readable to all English speakers
You would just have to stay there and wait for police to come
We don't have those
That was amazing
As for almost everyone in this thread, the biggest problem for me are the tenses and adjective endings.
\- And we elect our rulers
Scotland has no money going to Trident.
Also big alcohol consumption could be linked to this
There is stigma everywhere, but everyone I know has been very accepting and supportive for my severe depression.
At first I was impressed by our −14.7 growth rate, but then I saw Lithuania's −14.8 growth rate.
I've never heard or seen anyone use it, so either nobody uses it or they are doing a damn good job in hiding it
Same for Lithuania as well
Belarus is not part of Lithuania but has a lot of significance in Lithuanian history
Nowadays we consider Germany to be advanced and peaceful, but in WW2, a quarter-million were killed here by Nazis (8% of the population), so to say that everybody's forgotten about those times, especially when the descendants of those victims are still alive, would be a total lie
I like nice bread so I thought I could never do this, but I admit to starting doing it while I was living in NL
Both encroche towards each other.
I personally couldn't ask my doctor to get me to see a psychologist because I lived in a small town where everyone knew everyone
Vilnius prides itself as being open, international, multicultural city.
How is supporting Erdogan automatically hate of the Netherlands?
Especially since historically Poles were the bureaucrats or “masters” and way too “aristocratic” to live a lowly dirt plower life
It's not reaching to suggest they attempt to cover their actions.
No problem at all
Translations to all the ones that start with "P": Foamer, Firstdrinker, First grader, First brancher
m u s h r o o m
But I have hard time seperating British and Lithuanian accents due to being so used to hearing both
Few weekends is not a full picture.
And this should be a rule unless the person in question has officially declared himself to be of a certain nationality and strictly not other nationality (special closes of declaring himself to be Polish cause that can be just a person from PLC and not ethnicity) Its really getting annoying to argue about bullshit who was who when at that time PLC Lithuanian != today's Lithuanian and PLC Polish != today's Polish.
Yeah that kinda sucks for our exports though :D Can you have strong currency and high economic growth, pretty please?
Stories of witches burying cathedrals in sand to form large hills in the landscape
However, children are usually cared for, and even growing in the most severe poverty can be escaped with enough determination to seek education
My personal favourite of theirs is "Χ Ξ Σ".
And today's stigma about suicide, still stigma even tho it's hurting our home sooo badly
According to the language you use, feminism is all about power nowadays, not equality
Numbered streets are not at all a huge benefit or a drawback
My heart is with the French
Whaaaat
I once went in there for a recipe I found and wanted to try out, and somehow found myself on an anti-vax post
It's okay, it's only our national sovreignty, stability and future at stake...
Less than Lithuanians squawk themselves, still more than Western European countries
Hungary and Lithuania are like everyone else for once.
Beside the costs, I hear it has something to do with transfer time too - Maestro has direct money transfer, while Visa/Mastercard debit works on the bank's 'promise' and the money can take several days to get transferred
Or maybe during Lithuanian - Polish commonwealth when Austria, Prussia and Russia just slowly ate up the country
Funny how security experts would actually recommend using ad block even though its legality is constantly questioned
Der er fantastisk
Even I have to say, that's very small.
Well after the whole Brexit mess it might be "smart" for him to work with Russia to some extend
There's this ridiculous rivalry between the current capital city and the former capital city.
Fire up those coal power plants
Poland, except for jokes from Lithuanians
I'm third year medical student, now every student of university (including interns) got 2 weeks of holidays
These kids had a really good childhood.
Russia
u/RepostSleuthBot
obviously our history is almost identical.
I guess a Lithuanian that hates basketball or beer or black bread or cold beetroot soup
Free or at least cheaper higher education
If you get caught you can then yell at how the west is against you and the nationalism will rise.
That's illegal in here, unless you are drinking in an establishment that serves alcohol
Yeap, just in January - September 2015, 10,634 labour migrants from Ukraine came to Belarus for work.
17 YEARS AGO
Also love [Die Ärzte - Männer sind Schweine]
- Lithuanians have a new president Nauseda
This is too deep in the thread, even though it is factually correct.
I'm kinda creeped out a little now.
In lithuanian it's either "plaktas", "plaktukas", or "kūjis" depending on the context
This is a dumb take
My Lithuanian and German tend to have quite dark and cynical humour
Motorcycles do have a low tax too
If you're looking for major differences it's only two divisions, The [Highlanders] and the [Samogitians] (Please note that these are just national folk costumes and people don't actually wear them in their day to day lives).
I work in an international company, but our lithuanian team still writes everything in english
Given the circumstances and knowing Russia I would say that's not even that bad.
Rich and stable society would also diminish the value and necessity for the anti-Western narrative and ideology in general.
Every single person in Lithuania, including myself had family members tortured and out right slaughtered by these animals, what would you know.
German - orange
Thats Russian
[Here] are the pictures
At that point it's an invasion , not a migration.
But you absolutely can have a firearm on you for the purpose of self defense
Then we learn about the 1944 invasion of Normandy and the Soviet push west
Everybody in Lithuania also thinks that IKEA is the best shit possible
Where do people fit their cars?
Our regional cooperation is with the Nordic countries in the format of [Nordic-Baltic 8] and Nordic-Baltic 6 (EU members only) and we understand ourselves as part of the same region.
I tried arguing but she remained certain
My family was half Lithuanian half Russian, so I had 2 nicknames one was "sese" which just means sister (I had a brother but even my parents called me that) and " Рамашka " which translates as camomile, and rhymes with my actual name
The crazy thing is this: the word for October is different in Belarussian from Russian
well it highly depends on the season we are in
I agree, he shouldn't - when people also read about the hateful, ungrateful shit that some "refugees" do and say, like the way some of them refused water in Hungary last year or how one of them said the Lithuanian government can't provide them with enough money, aid and support for his family, that 450 euros a month isn't enough.
your wrong in youre assumption
Not very strong sounding name for sure
Don't know the laws there, but in my country you need to regularly show up in an unemployment office, apply for jobs, go to the interviews and people who "work" can't do this.
On a serious note I guess it is because Denmark is a really flat nation and snow I guess is not the same as 'up norf'?
What does it mean
Guys im dying ovh in lithuania
Riot police in Belarus attack protesters calling for end to ‘dictatorship’
No I got it right :) I get that that means something to you, but it frustrates us because we don't get it as you do.
Is it just water
Assembly (semi-automated or manual)
Through Russian, this name made its way into Lithuanian, too
Also USB-C and USB micro are different
it's not really a thing
Not as forgotten history wise but, you should not judge Germans for electing hitler
More like butthurt Lithuanians changing the commonly used name of a historical country, in process making it look as weird as the examples I provided.
But I don't like the idea of how clever they are and eating them makes me really sad
By the way if you have this thing in your country for certain time, you sure don't find this complicated, but for me, who heard this for first time
I firmly believe 60% of Sicilian drivers never passed a single exam
Egle is so upset she basically murders her children and kills herself, happy ending for this fairy-tale
But I don't think they consider modern Lithuanians as imposters because I have never even heard such point of view.
Lithuania is literally number one in EU by this metric
I hate them personally
In Assassins Creed Brotherhood
Grand duke of GDL also *claimed* the title of Russia (Unitors of Rus' lands)
When i looked in there assessment of Lithuanian press freedom they wrote about quite miniscule incident ( about how main party of Lithuania tried somewhat temper with press freedom here, which is of course bad, but of course it was denounced and they simply backtracked it )
Just visit us
Couple weeks after they started vaccinating again
The impersonation is not even close and they let us Dutchies have our second place and honour us by being first.
For some odd reason whenever I try to say "girl" or "world" it sounds super weird
Maybe not a week, but Nida is definitely worth a few days visit
Austrija-Vengrija
Cool, how about every Croat moves to Germany
IIRC, Portugal is considerably more mountainous than Lithuania.
The perfect mixture to ignite a conflict between NATO and Russia and undermine Trump's pro-Russia stance.
Then, the apples are put into a cheesecloth, dried and pressed in about a 6 week long process
Police does police stuff and MP does the same just with military/soldier related stuff
One thing I like about these videos is that we also are totally fine in making fun of other European countries.
Yeah
All my grandparenta and parents stood in the Baltic Way and my father left Vilnius just in the evening of 12th January, 1991
Does it usually start this early in E-estimaa?
Are you seriously saying that the USSR didn't invade and invade where they weren't invited?
Found lots of abandoned places too, walked on the outside of [The Wall] which houses the garbage and which is actually the outer wall of a military port.
They liven in "Rusia" which was part of Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth currently known as part of Ukraine and Belarus.
I am voting for the conservative party here in Lithuania, but it would be defined as borderline communist in the US
Lithuania  has VLKK(National committee of Lithuanian language)
Those can fit most large purchases
Russian propaganda report hits New York (satire from Lithuania)
And the name has to adhere to Lithuanian grammar rules (so X AE AII wouldn't be allowed under any circumstances)
Yes they care, his job is probably not reliant on being in the office all day.
Planes for all the other cases
I will come over some day, prepare some medical edibles and I bring my cheap booze.
Now I know that it's hypocritical, because cows and pigs are probably just as clever as dogs, and I would not eat dogs for same reason as octopus
Šiauliai are on border of Samogitia
Foreign affairs: supporting syrian government who user chemical weapons to kill rebels and civilians; occupation of Krym, which was a part of a "brotherly" nation, the one of three ruses; spy assassination attempt in britain; assassination attempt of opposition leader Navalny, assassination of journalist/opposition member; "accidental" nuclear weapon detonation recently
However now google searched in English, first result:
seems likely looking into your piss party and our peasants
WELL
Did you skip your history class
Its a thing in Lithuania
How I imagine the Queen right now: "Fucking peasants!
Polish farmers/villagers
Don't see non-natives using it very often
Well, as I think about it, we have plenty of "the slow Estonian" jokes, but no sayings / idioms / proverbs related to this stereotype.
You don't know Lithuanian names - in addition to sex they display the marital status of females.
I do earn above average though and I invest into the stock market, something that only around 2% of locals do in Lithuania
You need to invest in Eastern Poland first.
They found that there will barely be over 6000.
I sleep with an open window (I live in a small town, so the air is fresh), so at least that's good
Yes, also flowers, blades of grass and other such stuff.
Russia and belarus not so much interesting
Furthermore, you seem to have a trait to get pissed over anything.
Not all but some
It's not hard at all in Lithuania and gun laws have been progressively relaxed since 1996/1997
Vilnius: a 70 m^2 apartment in the very heart of the old town, or a 130 m^2 apartment in renovated or recently constructed buildings in the prestigious neighborhoods, or a 250 m^2 house on a 9 a plot in a nice neighborhood, or a 400 m^2 house in the suburbs
I keep seeing the same post every goddamn protest in totalitarian government regime
Literally every single olympic athlete is on some drugs.
According to NUTS, you will get Wilno voivodeship and Lithuanian voivodeship
Let's go brothers and sisters
Happy holidays
• Antanas Smetona (the first president of Lithuania, who later became an authoritarian ruler )
Picking nose: "won't your finger break
Otherwise there is no point being in EU
] It's a band from Vilnius so it would be fitting
The history of the Grand Duchy is taught differently and different aspects are accentuated between us and say Belarusians
I used to respect wiki leaks because I thought they actually believed in their own cause of remaining impartial.
There are some old people here who do feel nostalgic, though I must say it's probably due to the fact they remember themselves as young back in the day
When I had American and Lithuanian flairs I got too many idiots who thought they could talk down to me based on the flag I used.
No need to stay at home for hours and hours, waiting for your delivery
Also the proximity - Estonians can practically commute between their and Finnish capitals by a ferry, 80 km is not that much, returning at least for the weekends.
Mur mur
And you say that Angela Merkel is an EU's de facto leader?
Eastern Europe is usually a place where *this happens* on regular basis:
USSR was a Russian imperialism project, the polled support or hostility towards USSR aligns with polled opinion towards current Russia more than anything
> To the rhythm of the boogie, the beat
Baltic and Slavic are diffrent language groups.
I've dabbled with some online friends, but it feels clunky
Rotting Christ are Greek tho, as far as I know
Somewhat popular, we have few astrologists that are well known throughout a country.
We have information that attackers could come with the migrants.
And that in general they fought like some horde and not European army.
For the most part, users did not know enough about it to set proper controls, this technically allowed random people to join your conversations as conversation URL is formed from ID's so you just start changing numbers and eventually you will hit someone
I use English *way* more than Lithuanian, so I usually start forgetting words in Lithuanian and only know the English (and sometimes French) translation
Remember the time when [Lithuania Woman crashes her teen daughters party and had sex with two underage teenage boys?]
From my expierence people usually fail if they try to learn a language as a side class just because of not enough practice time, unless the OP choses easy language (like English :D) that is spoken language in the place he will be living (aka don't go to Germany)
I think rail infrastructure should be more developed here
Other than that, history shows that we are unlucky
I guess it would make sense for basketball to be popular if you live in a tall country.
Eastern
Turkic people and Žečpospolita are [buddies] forever<3
That's why you can see these ugly commieblocks and we are still catching up with the Western European economies
I wouldn't say the Baltics have a great relationship with the big ol' russians
[Pieno Lazeriai - aš tavo kūnas]
But GDP per capita of the both countries shows a different perceptive (though I will agree that it does not show who is richer and poorer very well)
>  Pažymeta, kad neblaivus asmuo nepraranda teises gintis
\- Yeah all that and even the king and the dukes
And Finland?...Finland fought quite hard against this
Recently, youth paramilitary groups (remind you of anything
Andrius Mamontovas is our national treasure
Sometimes there is no peaceful solution when it comes to boundaries.
Everything is pretty much like you said except our minor swear words are blyat and kurwa.
Well, have fun singing this, but I like it.
Netherlands
Surprisongly the roads were in very good condition, I really didnt see a difference compared to Denmark.
If the same EU refugee allocation was about Ukrainian refugees, do you think they would run away from Lithuania or Poland, after being offered a home etc?
So maybe Lithuanians are growing so fast because Poland does?
Just go to an cosplay and meet with weeaboos and ask do they feel closer to japanese or Lithuanians, or some other baltic country...
Catalan people deserve to be screwed over economically for the next 30 years or so.
I simply said the Teutonic Order eradicated pagans from modern day Poland and Lithuania, which is true.
I mean most ex-soviet states will agree that Russia's "peaceful inclusion" was no more than an invasion
We are busy shopping in Poland so we do not notice Latvians.
Imagine if the cabinet of the US was moved from Trump's responsibility to Nancy Pelosi's responsibility, that would essentially be making her the PM and adopting this European style parliamentary government
Especially if it means their loved ones might get nuked in retaliation.
Lithuanians generally like to invest in real estate because it's real, you can see it, touch it, etc.
[On purpose
Sounds about right, don't you think?
90 Euros per month and we get 25 Mbps give or take, granted we do have to use a signal booster
Yeah, that side got liberated by the western forces and not the Russians
Here water is a good enough bro that it duged in way back to let us live in safety
The map also shows how hard it was to have lands towards west europe, but easier going towards the black sea
Pretty weird to call Lithuania - "Teutonia" when only a small part of it was conquered temporarily.
Even if Le Pen is elected which is virtually impossible
There's a difference between placing nuclear missiles in Cuba and conducting drills
It seems like I'm the only one in my extended family that hates it
No I would not
Anyksciai is popular, because every Lithuanian teacher goes to anyksciai, because you know, Biliūnas
Fuck Blizzard
Bit funny that you forced a name that is even to big of a hassle for you :D
It's same as calling every dish soap "Fairy" because of brand
You think
You don't allow non-Polish letters in your names
They're not dangerous, but can definitely be rude
Nah, in our case, they were smuggled from Prussia (which had a large Lithuanian population at that time)
You can imagine how nights leading up to the holiday are.
I think the green is a bit overrepresented in our country.
Any chances of them gaining some relevance after the next election?
European yes, but I don't feel connected to all of the countries.
Mmmm garlic sauce is the best
I get that it most of the city's inhabitants didn't quite have a choice whether they want to live there under communism, but why would anyone subject themselves to life in such an utterly depressing and dangerous place these days
She also voices S rated movies
This system locked in any social protest (by crackdowns, arrests, use of right wing "skinheads", extensive internal security force).
Probably from the 13th to 15th century.
Chile doesn't count as developing though.
Maybe clumps of its remnants, but definitely not whole
Hell, 2000 years ago the Lithuanian language didn't even exist as a distinct entity
And then there’s Russia
Great picture
However the sea is right next to it (the photo is taken from the sea's perspective) and there's a nice bay access that I'd reckon would be more attractive option for the fishermen.
- And what will you do with them
We only don't like the poles who live here because they are very reluctant on assimilating and cry wolf on every tiny thing.
It's a good way to farm some karma and create a legit-looking account for ad purposes
In case of Poland and Lithuania we had Commonwealth with our own laws (heavily influenced by Roman laws) for centuries, then we got conquered by Prussia, Russia and Austria, then Napoleon liberated us for a few years, so we adopted many features of his codex, then we were conquered a few more times by Russia and Germany.
Just a small detail from personal experiance, It takes about 3 days to get to Paris from lithuania, so probably 5 days for Paris to Finland.
In the soviet union there were cafeterias scattered everywhere, and unlike now, they functioned independently on their own, they didn't need any school or anything.
I really like this, but why am I in the potato land
At this point it seems that you just harbor an irrational hatred towards Lithuanians and no arguments will make you change your mind.
Castle Bled
800
Look at us, geting all big and mighty, then disappearing, then popping back into existence (in min-sized), then disappearing, then finally reappearing (min-sized+)
22% in 2020 compared to 28% in 2017
I'm sure you know who said it
But when I speak Lithuanian it seems completely normal to say Čekija.
I was under the impression that a fraternity or sorority is a sort of house and exactly what it is in movies.
It happens to me all the time, and I just end up using the english word instead, because otherwise I have a slight brain freeze and have to think for good 10 seconds until I remember that word
Renaming the localities (although Google Maps already show traditional Baltic/Germanic names when used with Lithuanian language), so it will be called Prussia
* **Head of state**: Often a ceremonial role, like a Monarch
Although regarded as a German pastry, Šakotis or the tree cake is now synonymous with Lithuania
I don't think that there are many American country music fans here.
I don't know where I learned it, probably reddit
The way money works in Europe where most people are living a comfortable life and most of them having the time to to the things they want is at least somewhat possible to sustain in the future
Lithuania builds Russian border fence as Nato boosts Baltic defences
It wasn’t good enough for many Catalans
No I've got little stakes in this and this is conjecture from a third party.
But I have a feeling that our greedy vendors and businessmen will round 〇〇,01 to 05
I don't know if they consider their mother tongue Russian/Polish or both Lithuanian and Russian/Polish but in my book they definitely speak at a native level.
* 1939 Soviet ultimatum to Lithuania
"Lithuania
so basically you're minotaurs while we're centaurs?
When someone needs to wait for you
Well, Google translator is bad with Lithuanian language, tbh.
Edit: oh Europe ends in the middle of Asia
Lithuania: Po Danger - Monika Linkytė
Oh God the last time I used these was in elementary school
[In Lithuanian] Let's post it in each others languages, I would like to hear it.
appropriate cycling paths (i'm looking at you, the Netherlands or Denmark)
She had strong opposition (PM), also parliament majority's leader
Neither, both of our Presidents join together in marriage and form a royal dynasty
LITHUANIAN HERE
In the meantime the MPs propose recognising Prussian militarism, Lithuanian and Ukrainian nationalism as totalitarian systems of government,
The castle is impressive, yet simple and when u leave it you see this whateverish Parliament building which should be bulldozed down the hill to not obstruct the castle (from architectural perspective, not political) . Not to mention asshole Austrians who littered the view from the castle with those windmills
If you ask for water you will always be asked "Gazuoto ar ne" "Sparkling or not".
Somebody should draw a shirtless Putin riding on the bear with Trump hugging him from behind (also shirtless)
It's because of the way you speak mostly.
I will admit, quite a lot of the attendees were German.
So sick of these humanz are da reel wayrus art pieces
The euthanasia coaster
[FG-42] is also a good example
Basically the same for all three of the Baltics
Either way, a cultural change would've happened
German and the Slavic languages (excluding Poland, they have too many cz sz stuff)
Do mods have their favorite users based on their submissions in r/Europe?
And even now this moment you have such government
What kind of direction that would be?
and if you pay double that you can get 1gbit
No you get downvoted for being wrong.
Depends on the sentence but pretty underatandable
Totally unrelated but does anyone know where I can find a job in Spain?
Even after Great War with Teutonic Knights he didn't do much to annex at least Gdańsk and Pomeralia to Poland, but he secure the well being of Lithuania and annexed Samogitia (or Vytuatas, does not matter, they were working togther).
We were extraordinary but at same time most socially developing nation of Europe, hell we had second oldest and first in Europe constitution (Constitution of May 3, 1791) before getting systematically mauled by three surrounding powers.
He brought his toilet birthday calendar among other things and that was the first thing I hung so he would feel at home
The government just refuses to give them out for trial or even questioning.
Blanket, cocoa and and a heater
Freshly cooked starting wage is about 900/m, well above national average
There aren't any huge cultural differences, but there have been some things I noticed about the Dutch:
You probably don't share the info with gfk, or don't collect that kind of information.
Thy still hold the copyright, i didnt steal that.
Home economics lessons were(still are
Big business does have a lot of influence over German government
Dupenwazelin - GR Hemoroid cream, PL Ass vaseline
Rail Baltica project will improve the connection between Central and Northern Europe.
And when it comes to adults, people with really serious issues are ashamed to seek for help because "that's what crazy people do".
It's 112 meters tall, and from what I heard, it's the third tallest building in Lithuania.
All countries are small in the Schwarzschild metric
After dark it seems like 60-70%
Lithuania had 25 years to "recover", it's time to stop blaming communism in your every failure.
Bus driver got lost and we didn’t make it to the animated film we were supposed to go to and went to see Final Destination instead
Those numbers were in paper, not in the practice, opinions between Nazis in Berlin and Nazi Generalkommissar of the regions were different.
We lithuanians are white as our white bread, not paper
Well, it’s not spelled exactly the same but there is almost no difference when saying the two words in Lithuanian:
I think seeing how the EU and the UN divide Europe into regions should be enough
A little loss is fine as well, sure the economy suffers for now, but the planet might not be doomed in the long run.
So Polish merger is less complicated
I dont support Greens stance against Nuclear
My journey would look like this:
Just made up another one with `senVs`:
A lot
Polish-Lithuanian-Ruthenian Commonwealth if the Treaty of Hadiach had been implemented in 1658
Whatever country you are born in
Vainiką rūtų, vainiką rūtų.
what about [Ant Kalno Mūrai] ?
What about Czechoslovakia and Rumania?
Parliament - we have like 4 major parties at the moment (parties rise and disassemble every election), so there'll always be a pick, and our system is in a way, where even if you vote for a party that barely has any support, if it still manages to get some level of votes, they'll get a seat or two, so the vote still counts
Probably even the common folk thinks that this stereotype is funny enough to make jokes but isn't based in reality enough to enter the folklore.
This gives them a much greater variety in taste, plus southern dishes look more presentable
Thye could have articulated it a bit better (similar problem later on with the USSR collapse)
Probably many of our old, Baltic-origin names, even though some may also exist in Lithuania.
It's only enough if you do an honest and competent job selecting your respondents, which is a lot more work than it sounds.
I think you meant formerly
About the same time Russian internet trolls start making solid arguments.
Aia no speaka inglese
That's nothing and Poland is not weak then I don't think Lithuania should worry, even If Poland was in crisis it won't affect the neighbours that much, because of the fact that Poland is not #1 in export and import in Lithuania.
Had one presentation assignment that they did on Google Hangouts and thats pretty much it
University (Not Counting Free Universities)
You got exactly what I imagined in my head (minus the bear)
Not really an accent, but a dialect - Samogitian
In Moscow living standards are higher.
What should other parties say to that?
Definitely Gediminas Castle
I will speak anecdotally, so take it with a pinch of salt, but it's my experience that polish (and Lithuanians to a lesser degree) are incredibly well regarded, at least in my northern city.
It's too hot even with a T-shirt
And having geographic center of Europe point, well then we aren't even Eastern European then (and surprisingly there are some countries in Europe that claims that they have the geographical center of Europe, so it depends on who you ask).
The sun always gives me a headache, I sweat like a pig and sleeping with the balcony open doesn't even help because I have a bunk style bed which means that all the heat just comes up and melts me in my sleep
Americans who are fleeing Trump could be refugees in Lithuania.
I'm afraid the plan for such countries as Lithuania is to throw yourselves on the enemy lines until the Americans react.
Wait what
Russia basically considers any exercises done in Baltic states as "on the border".
Ohh
Also, you probaly have highest density of unique names in Europe.
always something about estionians being slow.
And she still wonders about, why europe has declining birth rates, poverry etc
Yes, we are kinda afraid but out of three we have the smallest precendente of minorities who "need to be saved" I feel like Latvia is way more in trouble if population suddenly "feels oppressed by gay fascists"
Too bad soon it met its demise.
That graph seems to imply that Estonia is a Baltic country through and through, while there's relatively little connecting it to Lithuania and less to Latvia than to Finland.
Officially, in all the [maps] we are shown as speaking in the Samogitian dialect but that is simply not true, from my own point of view, It's kind of like Lithuanian mixed with some Latvian.
I think everyone agrees that constant and fake negative reports about a country is bad for its image (nobody want to open business in a war torn country or visit it) so there is a financial loss precedent, not even talking about hate speech (not sure if its the correct term), but seriously sue Fox for insane amount of money (on the grounds that it is a country) and this will teach them a lesson
A lot of people mated together to produce more people
Once Lithuanists (people who decide how everyone should speak) killed off Lithuanian dialects in favor of standard Lithuanian, now they're trying to revive dialects...
It was a bunch of tribes who probably all considered themselves just as distinct from each other as "national peoples" of the world think themselves distinct from each other today.
", the most common national one I can think of is "Po venių!"
then Azerbaijan-Armenian war in Nogorno
I’m in 8th grade and I’ve never had a sex Ed lesson, all I’ve learned is from porn and memes
Okay now this is a whole new level
Yeah
After the Soviet occupation in 1940, many Lithuanian embassies kept on working, but most of them were eventually closed by Nazis or after the Soviet pressure
It has no influence if I ask for a loan.
Lithuania: WILNO NASZE
Latvia also kind of messes with your nerves with their road quality.
That is a disgusting nazi organization
About every folk tale
He would not risk a flat out war, especially not over Ukraine.
It's extra cringy when you know this wasn't even happening abroad
The word for small hammer doesn’t sound cool at all - plaktukas
And about the nostalgia - older people kind of get nostalgic about their life back then, but mostly only very old people complain about how it was better in the USSR
Never seen it in DN or Sydsvenskan or SVT.
The way our flag is composed (yellow-green-red) is quite uncommon among European flags.
While the American president serves as both the head of state (being the "face" of the nation) and head of government (leading the cabinet), in many other countries the head of government is the PM (or Chancellor)
I didn’t state anywhere that there is no legal way to have a gun on your person now, did I.
Personally in the second picture the projection looks a bit tilted to me
I was in Warsaw on Wednesday and the shops seemed fine
Well they are taking multiple hits.
To be honest, it's not just this particular Western journalist.
Sweatpants and a t-shirt which is either dirty, too big or torn somewhere
] Married five times and has 9 kids
You hit it right on the head of the nail
Calling Czech Republic Czechia is like calling People's Republic of China just China.
Are we (Lithuania) allowed to be in Northern Europe now
So yeah, I think we have a good claim.
The baltic tribes were quite isolated, becouse they weren't christians up until the 14th century, and they united to form a country in the 13th
I had a night walk with a friend through Brussels and the borough of Molenbeek
The most typical one though is imo Šiauliai, even though i am not sure
After all the question now is not who will win but who will eat dicks and one could support Le Pen just for the other guy to eat dicks.
Are we going to ignore the Baltc States
Damn, really sad to see no rating for Vatican :(
left-wingers don't use terms like "degenerate", a left-winger would say "problematic".
I knew you shouldn't trust the cast of Nasha Russia
Finland - Suomija
Doesn't "plaktas" just mean "whisked"?
The text however is a bit more propagandish.
That's Lithuania's values just placed confusingly.
They at least mentioned climate change in their program
Sad to see that:)
And that criminal Putin will still be the president for 16 yrs
> longest history
That way (given that the Tatars lost):
2 weeks here
Ponas/Panelė/Ponia which translates to Mister/Miss and Mrs.
I would like to see their analysis methodology
If you want to be safe safe just switch žemaičių dialect
( sorry, i couldn't say it in english)
There is no 15th century Lithuanian text.
English is presumed for the post-soviet generation(s?)
Even if NATO happens to be ditched, I rather prefer American troops here than European ones.
Brazil is occasionally mentioned, but I guess in this case New Zealand overshadowed it
Czechia does
That shit is nothing to joke about here
If you mean the name of the letter it's <ha> (short a), but some people say <haš>.
I'm not saying it doesn't exist at all, but it's much harder to find anything as it's very underground, in my personal experience anyway
They are meant to make public appearances, unify the country, bestow honors on civilians, host foreign dignitaries, and often hold a number of *de jure* but not *de facto* powers like formally appointing cabinet secretaries or ministers (it's the PM that actually chooses them), dissolving parliament (on the request of the PM), serving as commander-in-chief of the military (they don't actually have much control over it)
5 hours of little movement outside
Often speak a mix of Russian and Polish
&#x200B;
The rethoric and methods are ironic, but support and belief is genuine.
To a lesser extent, Latvia and Estonia
* New Constitution
What they call houses is just an apartment with entrance straight from outside
8 billion years ago to see how the big bang happened or 60-70 mil
There are few thousands, and my city has a Tatar mosque
The ones near me were fixed a year or 2 back, but true there are still a lot of these everywhere haha
Adj   adj   noun  noun  verb
Even our traditional [cold beet soup] which is supposed to refresh you on a hot summer day, comes with hot potatoes on the side cause we can't live without them
For my money, let's double defense spending to 4% GDP and buy a battalion of those Abrams USA still makes as a jobs program and has no use of
Living in UK for a year, I've been asked if I'm Polish far more often than if I'm Russian and probably only once or twice it was nailed down to Lithuanian, by other Lithuanians that is
It's not about your exact year of birth but rather whether or not you grew up in an independent democratic republic with a market economy.
"Sun" city
Uhhh
I still can't understand how a language can function with so little verbs and their forms
It's not a dragon though
With a small population they manage to stay independent by taking a great deal of individual responsibility.
Or Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, really?
The shady bribes, the killings, the threat of war.
We get lots of "Eurogay" "Europidar Union" or "Amerifag" comments in lots of our news articles.
Would be a one sided deal, don't you think
I am more surprised Latvia and Estonia is not listed, because I'm sure they have their own (would be surprised if they don't), after all we have Russian minorities that consume information in Russian language (guess where it comes from) and we have a part of population that still looks at Soviet union with pink glasses and feel nostalgia towards it.
On June 23, 1990 Moldavian SSR was declared a sovereign entity - less than a month after the vote to recognise Lithuania's Restoration of the Independence on May 31.
I hate languages have you as tu
Lithuanian movie - Tadas Blinda
And maybe a miracle happens and we do actually build a nuclear power plant.
For 3 out of 4 i'm a very big no
He should give up and let Belarus be a free country
> And the Lithuanian government discriminates against them and is trying to forcefully Lithuanise them
Or am I imagining things
Its okay, the river is not even frozen yet
I would say most of older people miss it or feel nostalgia.
There's even direct references to different countries, like the von Everec people
Same here
Russia is basically viewed as a boogeyman with an ichy trigger finger.
It's „Lithuanian Railways”, specifically directors with Russian bussines ties.
A lot
But "new" car can cost around 10k euros in some cases so its not that hard to do it.
Edit: I also read, that they should have some distinctive elements, so I recommend Žalvarinis
CartoonNetwork is the best teacher
Here's two examples of how to send and receive (unfortunately, in Lithuanian
For example: in canada, every cashier was constantly trying to start a small talk
We had those for the last 10 years or so
We call him "tall and handsome" or "president of the underground" because his ways in politics is negotiation and non-conflict
Not much to do besides Babilonas and shit.
Ah yes
This is exactly the opposite of that.
And the Chmielnicki uprising is definitely part of Polish not Russian history.
Not sure which building you want to show, but there is that one unfinished that looks like a half circle that as far as I know (at least used to) has unprotected staircase that can take you to the top.
So he got beaten just because he had an unpopular opinion
Yes, but thats the extra cost that Austrian manufacturers don't have to cover (given that resources cost the same in both countries)
I wonder what would happen if we transported the Finnish education system over here, many people around me are hyping it up as a panacea of some sorts.
Isn't Audi under another scandal now?
Not really such a big news - our population has been at a [relative standstill] for about a decade now, although mostly in a slight decrease.
Also, is it possible to work and study at the same time
The catch-up rates are kinda impressive when it's put that way, considering the whole soviet situation wasn't THAT long ago...
They were forcefully occupied
Well where else
In Lithuania (which was occupied by Soviets) we mostly talk about secret pact with Ribbentrop and Molotov then general things
I want to invite my two good (married!) friends for a visit to Lithuania, but I am kinda scared they would get taunted for holding hands and whatnot.
It's sold refrigerated too
Did you really just called poles *immigrants*?
Later in life they just go with the gut feeling and sometimes end up pronouncing even their birthplace or surname wrong.
Tallinn, Estonia
Bottled water for when you want something in the middle of the town and it's blazzing hot.
This is true for Estonia only, because of that Aryan status and having only 1000 Jews left by the time Nazis moved in.
y'all slavs need to finally adopt this wonderful gang "aeuio". You can even add "ąęėįųū". And the best part, putting multiple of them in a row does not reduce readability
* **LRLS** (10 seats): Liberal; pro-EU; centre
Nice
It has a bunch of dumbass politicians who keep fucking up our country
Because all textbooks looked the same, I started writing subject names on upper textbook part, so I wouldn't have to take it all out just to read the subject name in small text
Nationalists win it overwhelming, pledging to restore democratic Lithuanian state
After all we should remember heroes
Islam is not compatible with democracy and atheistic views, which europe is heading towards.
Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth Farm remembers.
Because denial always made things better.
It's not a decision you take lightly.
The song is literally called "we didn't have a song" and the band is called "Solo Group". It's so good that the first tike I heard it I listened to it five times in a row
They have some really cool songs, one of their best is "O Kai Saulutė Tekėjo". It's literally a remixed lithuanian folk song, so you can check that out if you want
Good
Moss and mushrooms
- So now you'll
It's summer now in Antarctica, so going out is most of what they do daily
I don't understand
Dont forget about the good old battle of Grunwald
Despite its short reign of power and implementation shortcomings, the Provisional Government passed very progressive legislation.
I'm 15
Never heard this joke
But we bypass it by going to Latvia or Poland
Well not exactly the same, there were snowy days, but snow never lasted for more than 24 hours
I think that sense of humour is quite common in much of continental Europe
Lithuania was a big independent state and a kingdom once..
For me at least
But, from my experience, young people would often have some knowledge of NBA, at there would definitely be those who follow it, but it's not the main focus for everyone.
So taking all the money from one bank is impossible and as a result would even crash foreign banks too.
while Lithuania is -0,56 and gets different color than Latvia.
Oh good, I'm not the only one
Any word that has cases
I'm ashamed
Poland, Estonia
Well pistols are intended for self defence.
[I highlighted areas that are not part of the arch structure + do not have downwards pressure acting on them
I've only met a few Moroccans (some very proud Amazigh) and Egyptians though and no one from the other countries
Vincas Kudirka (author of the Lithuanian anthem)
We will throw out Russian language, and will enforce unconditional democracy
TL:DR not everyone uses computers to the same extend as you so they know less
I live within a 45min drive away from the Latvian border, and Riga is about a 90 minute drive away
The only thing here that even comes close to being serious is the whole anti-vaxxers drama
People survived by buying stuff on the black market, urban farming (like chickens in your back yard, pig in your basement) or growing stuff at their relatives in the countryside.
It is 4/20 here
I think the duke of Burgundy did
Every time I go there I feel like I'm far away from home
People who make them often have no expertise on the subject and just rely on the first results on Google, apparently
And the most famous Lithuanian battle (Battle of Grunwald) was against the knights
* It is also possible to buy tickets in trains, but they are additionally charged if you don't board the train from a station without ticket office
Especially after Sakartvel and Ukraine
Shack or a mansion, many dont give a damn how they make it look
I dodged a bullet, I came back from there two weeks ago
We have fuel gauges in all cars, so it doesn't happen
From what I know, us Lithuanians regard "I love you" as a phrase to stay away from and use only when drunk.
I can make an argument that because US measures poverty differently than Lithuania we are richer that US.
Yes, and also they look funny, which is a plus
I like the german term maschinenpistole a lot better, which is descriptive, because a submachine gun is a gun that is capable of shooting pistol caliber bullets in full auto
Yes
Maybe a stupid question but do you even have trees?
During first Soviet occupation of Lithuania.
With polish friends - not so much
I spell in British, like coloUr instead of color
The Baltics before the Soviet occupation were just like any other European countries, so there isn't too much to talk about
Lithuania here, 15 euro for a stable 950 upload and download, plus a stable 1ms latency because it's all optical fiber cable
We've had enough of Russia's surprises, thanks
Vilnius is polish , " Thats russia right " , communism was better (mostly said by unemployed alcoholics and 89 year old grandmas )
It's now more russian:D
But it's an active topic (I mean dual citizenship) from time to time here, so it might change in a period of 10 years or something like that :)
One more thing that Finland is not a very large country/market (in terms of population it's still smaller than the other Scandinavian countries); I guess the supply of Estonian jobseekers (also Russians from around St.Petersburg and maybe some Latvians from the north) already was enough for the needs of your labour market.
In Western Lithuania it is Samogitian.
Tame=in him
We do as well ahah it looks so weird to me when people hate their capital
Well technically its not the media that is spreading fake stories in this case, which makes it even worse..
Parking lots on the edge of the city where you park your car for cheap and then get on a bus or an electric scooter or whatever
To reach Latvia i only need to make two turns left
Even our traditional [cold beet soup] which is supposed to refresh you on a hot summer day, comes with hot potatoes on the side cause we can't live without them
I'd like to adress the ignorance of Americans bit.
But that ping tho
Front pages on the news, basketball players are giving speeches at public events, they're in ads, the city councils are donating tons of money to the teams, they're like national heroes or some shit
It's ridiculous
She doesn't do it because neither her or her party want it.
Cooperation can also be in your countries interest
Was baptised in Catholic church, but nobody really adhereres to religion in my family
In case of my comment, to expand, Ukraine didn't exist, but [Ruthenia]–Lithuanian–Ruthenian_Commonwealth) did.
In the [map of Baltic tribes] you posted earlier, where are the Latvians?
And it's [back to where it was]
If I must name modern day countries:
either 13
Can you even call it that
I doubt OP is talking about native languages and there are about 2 million L2 irish speakers, so Irish would be by far the second most spoken language
Moldova: How do I Steal the diamonds
But reading some history books about pre ww2 i read that Poland was kinda a dick to her neighbors and Uk France allowed that to happen because they needed a buffer against Soviets.
Soviets saw no problem bombing Helsinki during Winter war
Which usually means he gets shut down or never achieves anything because the other side doesnt want to talk
•Jonas Basanavičius
Why would afghans invade russia
Never heard that before lol
This shit is illegal
I guess it was a choice between ww3 and usa leaving nato.
Gdańsk is basically the inspiration for Novigrad (the witcher 3), so the music from there would probably be fitting
The first thing that I think of when remembering Riga is the [House of the Blackheads] But maybe it's not common to think of it as a defining building, I just really liked it
Yes, for sure, but by European standards this is nothing special, unlike for emigration, in which especially Latvia and Lithuania have been way above European average.
I don't really follow it myself.
The problem is, these suggested words are usually ridiculously awkward and just makes people laugh, (there is even a big meme group on FB to make fun of this committee)
Even AI knows the meaning these days
Tastes:
New Years Eve will probably be rainy too.
Wow thank you so much for this extremely detailed answer
The second one is Uno
Lithuania doesn't pretend to be superpower, major power or even regional power.
The State of Lithuania shall be an independent democratic republic.
Top 5 things to do in Vilnius, Lithuania.
Then I find stuff like [this] online and feel like a shit-kicker
I know it's a joke, but LT/Poland border to Tallinn is 655 KM by the straightest road possible
Lenin was Mordvin
I have personally never been to either of them but I had friends go there.
Yep, a lot of people in Eastern Europe (and in most countries) weren't keen on accepting migrants/refugees in the first place.
The fear exists only in the titles of media outlets.
Džon maid hs vei tu a tavern fru de dark forest onli tu faind out tat hi forgot te moni
Wtf is with all the poor countries thinking IKEA is quality furniture?
Not to mention that this one is known for multiple eruptions and burying an entire city
Sitting on your sofa is not the same in jeans and sweatpants or comfy shorts
Yeah
Also to add to that, sometimes those "Poles" spoke the "local language" (tuteiszy) which was a mix of Belarusian, Polish and Lithuanian.
Edit: Lithuanian here
Thats why everyone will want to keep the EU alive as long as it benefits them and if onece in a while they need to make a decision for the benefit of EU but as a detriment for themselves its fine because over all its still benefits them
The cost is not the material, it's the work.
You over estimate our hatred for you for no reason, this ain't interwar.
Russian/Soviet authorities recognise Lithuanian independence in autumn of 1991
Would be same as Latvia
I hope this was good, I don't live in Lithuania anymore so my information may not be totally up to date and knowledgable
Heij felauw baltik brau
And also would be great if their currency would be valued a bit more
(EU Anthem starts playing in background)
However, "home economics" is mostly tied to "home maintenance" or "workshop", economics is tied to IT classes (at least it was in my school)
Yes, we're 2.8m people, but we're not the only ones with similar general genetic make up.
Do that and Denmark with Norway will have a reason to kick your bottom once more :P
Charging is pain in the ass, but so is huge fuel prices.
voverė  [ʋoʋʲɛˈɾʲeː], really not that difficult to pronounce
Oh so thats the Russian region of Latvia.
Think of the small things that can lead to bigger improvements overall.
Labas, mano vardas Jonas, malonu susipazinti
They have pretty similar views also
Exactly, if we're in some tops of lists it's almost everytime alcohol or suicide
Fucking ugly, but at least somewhat convenient and cheap.
This one is still really surprising to me, knowing how international the country is
Or keep it in a permanent state of subservience, poverty and corruption.
i can BARELY understant something
Russia is a flat circle
* Some companies, like Kautra, allow buying suburban tickets in the same manner like intercity buses on [www
I love Lithuania
Yes, and a big a shopping mall.
Im not good at history so thank u Latvia for being our best friends :) we really love yall over here <3
Small city, a lot of German architecture.
She is a fucking black belt and can fire guns like a pro
The last few years of PLC were quite promising, but it was too late already.
Next President of RF will be either Mr.V.
We have one independence celebration on February 16^th and another on March 11^th
Well, that's good question, it's debatable topic, some(especially right-wing and nationalist leaning and a lot of Lithuanian Poles) claim's that Poles are discriminated(closing Polish schools, not allowing "Polish Names" and "Lithuanization forcing Lithuanian Language etc.) Some(especially Lithuanians) that those arguments are fasle, and that Lithuania is only(non-Poland) country where pupils can learn in Polish and take tests in Polish-language, and that Lithuanian Poles and "[their party]"(while Poles from Proper Poland are cool) are Russophilic.
Or in Russian eyes we're same as Ukraine?
Having any type of weapon without a licence is highly illegal, be it a gun or a metal club
The almost only thing I remember in Lithuanian...
Lithuanians, like most other Baltic/Scandinavian cultures, have been known for being people of above average height.
it's the same-ish story] Suwałki Region region has a variation of it
Lithuania makes more sense to be Rohan, since it was north of Gondor.
Do you realise Lithuania is not the West?
A few friends have been there, they said that Minsk is a nice city and it's insanely cheap, same as Ukraine.
Polish-Lithuanian war against who?
Probably because you like to attack on what ever little fact you can find.
Being a witch is an official occupation.
Is that a normal word or a word for pirate sound
Due to cold war stigma
You sense it
The closes one to me is the Vilnius Old Town  its very pretty
Politicians are afraid to do anything about it because they'll lose votes, "he supports the gays" is enough of a reason for electorate not to vote for a candidate.
Remind me the Free Election
We're not scandinavia, not nordics, but northern eruope
If you want climate similar to Northern US pick Slovenia, if you want Canada pick Estonia.
On Thursday, the French and German deployments at NATO’s bases in Siauliai, Lithuania, and in Amari, Estonia, will be replaced by a Dutch deployment.
Germans and Americans are fat
Once enough people who have been exposed to the Soviet ruination of Lithuania have died off, expect the outlook to worsen.
Lithuania is fully allied with the US whom have done enormous damage to Russia for decades, so why wouldn't Russia damage the EU when the EU damages Russia?
and she wasnt famous, but she got attention.appearantly she liked to use her audi a7 as a taxi.
So the poles weren't that wrong.
It's not like when you speak everyone thinks that you Germanized Czechs
If I "Lithuanized" it, it would be "Maiklas" which sounds even more ridiculous and would probably lead to that kid commiting suicide later in life due to heavy bullying
It kinda feels like it already snowed more in this November than in last December
Standard Lithuanian is derived mostly from Western Aukštaitian dialects.
Bardzo piękne miasto
Comrade Tony
Eating goulash at Szeged
alternative facts™ (his last name is super Lithuanian though)
you say that as if it was that easy.
My family used to speak Russian, so I couldn't understand them, but they have forgotten it as most of the people I guess in Lithuania who knew Russian
lt]
The Jews of Istanbul still speak a form of Spanish they took with them in 1493 when they were driven out, many American Jews speak Russian/Polish/Lithuanian not to mention Yiddish.
I think that the name was given due to the forum 'super mama' (super momma) where bunch of helicopter mommas clicked and started various treads on child rearing / parenting /medicating naturally /etc
Here we use various methods to make sure that they don't get away
Leaving the union would benefit them more
Ant kalno mūrai,
Heck this probably shocked VW out of their stagnated state and now they will push for something actually new and innovative.
Let's hope our order and justice in Lithuania will never again be that popular
This doesn't make much sense considering the approval rating of their oligarchic government
Neither Russia nor USA are obligated to have one.
Yes
Yeah
23C is warm gold ideal
Monetary compensation to holocaust victims in Lithuania:
Russians are the biggest snowflakes
How a diferencine shield is aggression?
Hah..these USSR apartments look so alike.
Our country was extended to the Black Sea
They teach stuff like that in IT in poland(where I live), so I from what I see it's not bad
I know the Tartu one is pretty good, but that depends on the field of study.
> Russians are all impoverished and eat potatoes to keep alive
[Found it] , but filming location doesn't include it.
There's two different ways of preparing these fruit preserves, like the OP states.
Many right wingers love him, but he disregsrded everything and overall fucked around.
They just drive porsches
Kazlauskas, literally lithuanian version of Kozlowski
It was an honor to live on the same planet with a man as talented as you
There is no KGB that would transport you to Laptev sea.
They use their shining, ornamented, colorful, beautiful belts to blind poor people with greed and lure them in, for later consumption, but they can also change into young women and help (for example) lost children find a way out of the woods
Lithuanian movie - Tadas Blinda
Drunk brits on a stagdos pissing on walls is kinda noteworthy enough to be put on news
>why put effort to make "foreign" land look good
Not exactly a great legacy, but at least they'll always have tankies to defend them on the Internet.
I'm not sure what they do
Kinda, English isn't the native tongue for most people here.
Live by the sword, die by the sword.
Every package would contain couple of different clothing pieces ,let's say it contains one of each: pyjama, winter clothes, summer clothes, autumn/spring clothes and about 3 bodysuits for in home use (or summer) so that's total of 7 clothing items.
&#x200B;
I live in a neighbor country, i know how it is.
Oh, crap, I just looked to the site and didn't check fully.
OpenStreetMap based
In its beginning the Declaration establishes several historical facts and on the basis of these facts concludes that the Republic of Latvia de jure is a sovereign country.
I guess Lithuanians are known for their legendary chins
If they don't speak Lithuanian, it doesn't mean they came here during Soviet occupation
Vilnius, Lithuania 1787 vs 2012
Was snowing in Vilnius but it melted away :(
My parents are really good friends with our Russian neighbours :)
White stone
English - green
Hello, my name is John, glad to you meet
- I'll renew my home
Mickevičius turned from Socialist to Communist, he was Lithuanian nationalist and so were his parents, but years of work against Tsarist Russia, imprisoment, and meeting Commies turned his political view, but he always cared about Lithuania being free, I just don't understand why he fought on the side of Russian SFSR, Pilsudski's brother (one of signators) was on Lithuanian nationalist side, while his brother (Pilsudski) was on Polish.
Welp, in Lithuanian we have a mashup, basically the American short scale, but with the word "milijardas" for 10^9
You're comparing Russian Empire/USSR to that of [Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth]#/media/File:Rok_1863_Polonia.JPG).
My parents even once jokingly asked me to go to the military even though I'm frail as shit.
Rent only
If anything, anti-terrorism is probably their biggest problem right now
We don't need to learn whole Russian Empire history.
I shop almost all groceries there and only a few products that I buy elsewhere (dairy products, cleaning supplies, beer and some other)
Also, Lithuania has seen its population decline massively even as it grew rapidly, which pushed up its GDP per capita.
Why is it that other people don't want to learn French, or at least prefer Italian
Do not tell anyone that Lithuanians have pokemons
Hard to believe Lithuania is better-off than Portugal
We have XXX supermarkets, and exported them to Latvia and Estonia
I'm not close to it but I know a little bit
I recommend the World War One videos.
* Some European systems are semi-presidential, where the President is more than just ceremonial, and the main power there is that they can choose who the PM is rather than parliament choosing who the PM is, but their choice must be approved by parliament
Northern Africa has same colours as romanian flag
Maybe because they industrially slaughtered 11 million people and caused the biggest war this workd has ever seen?
Also, if you wanted to get better care form doctors you had to slip them some money, it still happens sometimes
To me it looks like massive bloke riding on a goat
* Soviet economic blockade against Lithuania through 1990
Bribing police these days is like saying "fine me more", better not do it.
We have them at school or university, sometimes, if someone organizes it.
Gee, I wonder whose fault it is that our country is less desirable than the west, hmmmmmmm...
With last years tree I found that bright green lights to be way to annoying.
Most likely if not for the Soviet occupation, Baltics nowadays would be on par with our friends up north
Mano rekordas :D
Yeah, at least you got that going for you.
This subreddit seems to fetishize the commonwealth, but I think most Lithuanians really don't like that point in history and would not accept any sort of coming back to it
Our humour consists of black comedy and politicians being roasted or mocked.
My family used to speak Russian, so I couldn't understand them, but they have forgotten it as most of the people I guess in Lithuania who knew Russian
Another person not realizing how well Germany is doing in the grand scheme of things.
A club here seems to exist, but the last post was a year ago about selling their whole stock, so it's not very promising
Considering that the two shared a country for almost a thousand years and Slovakians and the pre-Hungarian slavic population of the Pannonian basin most likely spoke the same language.
Feminine surnames are also commonly left intact
because the same communists already killed ¾ of my family by 1940 and exiled my family to central asia twice after that
As mentioned elsewhere in this thread - [definetely Dabura]
You know, the Commonwealth and all that came with it
From my--albeit anecdotal--experience only maybe 1 in 10 has some trouble speaking, and only 1 in 20 can't speak at all.
The type of people who casually stop in to Prada to buy an outfit after their morning café.
Oh yeah, sure, just look at that, clearly Lithuanians and Turks are identical.
In some cases they must come to the police office to check in every day
You will get sued if you shit talk about a person or a company and this is absolute shit talking about a country.
Also, they teach python baasics in high school, so that's a plus, although the polish education system is not the best, in fact really bad, so that kinda cancels out the positives
Dangerous, but a very clever statement
I would have thought that boomers are those who were on the streets during the August Putsch and the younger generations are complacent with the TV narrative
Giving lands to appease lords just before merging two countries into one is just a technicality.
Beside it's English version that includes that LSSR declared independence, not Lithuanian one.
Technically this show is purely on the internet, so its totally fine?
the [lith wiki] calls him a serb.
Years of experience from home^/s
Baisiogala - which roughly translates to "scary/horror town"
Isn't that the whole population of Estonia-
Maybe we should focus on increasing the living standards instead of more poor shitty life living people.
I like the shortened version of the female russian name Tatjana (Tanya)
We go for Euro-Atlantic integration and maintain our good relations there, while Belarus does the opposite.
For people who have names ending in -a (Angela Merkel), -is/as (Alexis Tsipras), etc no suffixes are added and they are treated as Lithuanian words
it's not a war zone if that's what you are asking.
I would totally Czech that place out
Only pistols and non-automatic guns are allowed
I've only met a few Moroccans (some very proud Amazigh) and Egyptians though and no one from the other countries
But in terms of countries ceasing to exist it's just a completely retarded thing to say.
What is taught about ultimatums to Baltic states, military bases in 1939, annexions in 1940 and the inception of deportations here in 1941
Populist - yes, autocrat - not yet.
Couriers/postmen usually deliver hands-to-hand, or to a relative if the postman is a local and knows who is who
I'll try to list the references (left to right):
:DD
Well, good luck with your learning then
Well yeah but vodka is more of a Russian alcohol
But unless it is some obscure info, you can find everything on Bing.
[Holy shit this is so much more retarded than the original]
I'll have to read the wording myself, as I was quite excited to visit because of this ^^
Oh hey, NaPoVoInterCom
Being called Russia or a part of Russia
Probably you have a scheduling skills if you fail at that :P
Lithuanian who doesn't like basketball
He was not neither Polish nor Lithuania, he was Polish-Lithuanian.
There is at least one hermit community in Siberia that's been on the news lately.
We're taking Lithuania along, if they want, though - Baltic people must hold together and it will shock Eesti into stoping salty tears even more
Many movements like labour unions existed before Marx shared out his mistake lmao
Also most lithuanian
It’s quite obvious they are talking about the lithuanian savant Mikalojus Tešla
I personally wouldn't sacrifice nature for roads
The only two I can think of was the one about Hanibal Lecter and the one about Jewish resistance with Daniel Craig, but none of them really focused on the Lithunia aspect of it
check out the comments section, *most recommended* in particular
Butter makes everything better
They’re basically Lithuanian gopniks
But that doesn't mean that they are entitled to being liked
If I am not mistaken UK was one of the major driving forces to accept Baltics in EU (ironically) and NATO
I'm not even sure that standard English has this sound.
So to Lithuania Russian cooperation is not fatal and not that significant..
Ahhhhh has everyone seen the [King Edward chair] Such an amazing accomplishment
is the discussion of islamic threat only allowed when it takes lives ?
Sweden, Poland, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Russia.
I hope this is sarcasm
Happy independence day brothers,best wishes from Lithuania
Wtf, 39,4 from Lithuania
It's just sausage with sauce
I can imagine a Scandinavian Union (Sweden, Finland, Norway, Denmark, Iceland), a Baltic Union (Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, possibly Belarus), a Romantic Union (France, Italy, Spain, Belgium, possibly Portugal) and a Germanic Union (Germany, UK, Netherlands, Czech Rep, Austria) and maybe a Mediterranean Union (Italy, Greece, Portugal, Spain, Malta, France, Cyprus, etc)
Most people here don't object to this type of names, on the contrary, they're considered beautiful, even if they're unique
The region wants tourists, not cars
Doing defensive exercises is one thing
Some of us are kinda insulted by you guys calling Piłsudski a national hero, becouse to us he was an enemy
It was a massive clusterfuck - Latvian army, Reds, German Landeswehr who switched their allegiances like a chameleon, the Bermondt army, Estonians, Lithuanians, Poles, and the British navy.
You could argue that having some lessons in Lithuanian is bad, but without knowing the main language, kids are put into disadvantage for the rest of their lives
[It has a very difficult making technique] and is often brought as a gift
Tallinn reminded me both Vilnius and Kaunas by its scales but has kind of Nordic feeling
eesti has shale gas, and they use it with little regard for the environment.
I like their flow and how different tue languages are from my own
Even if not plant farming, the romans brought domesticated goats to lithuania, which weren't found there naturally, so animal farming was indeed brought here by various traders, including the ones from rome
Don't forget Sprindis
We had to as well when we joined EU, the mindset of younger people is different and it changes eventually.
NYC is great to visit
Reconstituted: Italy’s referendum
Yeah, i was only talking about Lithuania
I think you'll love it
See, Eesti, how nice we look together?
7 - septyni,
I’m gettin crazy AHS: Coven vibes from this
Furniture shops:
From what I've heard, there really aren't that mamy great movies made here
I always see this thrown "Generalplan Ost" around, Nazi plans were not equal on what they were doing, they didn't touch native Lithuanian population, because first we weren't sub-humans in their eyes, second, before War from Hitler's own mouth it came that Lithuanians would be part of master race (ffs check blonde hair, light eye map of Europe).
"Jūratė ir Kastytis" (about a legend)
) sounds like a robot speaking, google translate text to speach
He promised that Soviet troops will not cross Lithuanian border.
I wouldn't call it a "victory" if not a defeat of soviet troops in battle of Warsaw Lithuania would became part of USSR in just a couple months
>  Estern Europe now because you're all super white
Just [like in Poland and Lithuania] eh?
I think we might be able to get it in the house we live in currently, but due to how much we move, it might be a bad idea
Lithuanian language has these incredibly hated word accentuation rules, and VLKK are huge fans of them - they even give fines for people on TV who fail to accentuate words correctly
The whole Dziady celebration was common to Slavic and Baltic people: and Mickiewicz desribed it as it was done where he lived - in Lithuania (so - as it was done by mostly Belarusian and Lithuanian peasants).
Very common, even in Lithuania, Latvia
This will get you beaten in no time
Harsher penalties for breaking traffic laws.
That's and interesting new phone model
Then that means, on average, the amount of people that are separated by 3 degrees from you will be K^(3), while 6 degrees would be K^(6)
nice try
Heyy broli lietuvninke, i dont get it, can you explain please
There could be, but I'm not sure how to search like you said
I still have a 0
The genius thing is taking the old currency in the store and giving change back in Euros, took out most of it in weeks.
It is true that during ww2 in Lithuania there were killed many jews people did not have hatred towards jews, we were ocupied and had no other choice.
Fun (not) fact
It was the town of [Tilsit] (now Sovetsk) where books were printed
Comma for decimal, point for thousands: 2
Polish data ^private ^sector ^only
Here it is not like America where you can come, create a ''China town'' and everyone will be happy - on the contrary that would create huge backslash, as everyone is pretty much required to fit inside the Estonian, Lithuanian or Latvian lifestyle and cultural practices.
Just look at the [talk page of the image on Wikipedia] The usual discussion about Serbo-Croatian, that get's quite heated, Polish people in Belarus, Lithuania and the Czech Republic, German speakers in Belgium and Alsace, Russians in Estonia etc.
Moldova: How do I Steal the diamonds
\[It is\] pleasurable <neuter> to get acquainted
well, I guess we got the finest of both genders
Builders quite quickly with it took care
Pay with your card
After those events however, the military is everywhere.
What algorithm are we talking about here
Dear me, a real life southern Estonian
I don't. The prices can go even lower in major cities with different providers but I am outside of those so
Rock: Andrius Mamontovas - Geltona, žalia, raudona
First you will look for right year, then for the month and only then for the day.
It just sounds so bad
We are northern europe, not central
Some of my friends experienced racism in Poland, Estonia and Lithuania, but then again, it also happened once in Copenhagen on the way home from a club at night.
Lol, my grandma
There are some old crossings with checkpoint remnants - there are some speed limits, but overall there are no slowing down to 30 km/h.
I would say that Russian is the most common language out of the three
Today was -28 in Vilnius 6 a.m
The concept of having your own personal storage seemed so nice
Other Indo-European cognates include Latin vīverra (“ferret”) and Polish wiewiórka, as well as Russian dialectal веверица (veverica), вевёрка (vevjórka), Belarusian вавё́рка (vavjórka), Ukrainian віве́рица (vivéryca), веві́рка (vevírka), ви́вірка (vývirka), Bulgarian ве́верица (véverica), Czech veverka, Old High German eihhurno, eihhorno (< *aik-wer-ną, German Eichhorn, Dutch eekhoorn, Persian وروره‎ (varvarah) and Welsh gwiwer
So we had some drinks and we saw a basketball court
Of course I don't think a pistol is going to do much against a tank
Some people my more of a rhetorical thought took as me saing "let's just give up"
race track
Sweden's switch from left- to right-hand driving
And also the fact that Brexit is also bad for EU so both Euro and Pound is dropping because of it (your statement about USD is also true)
Would you want to get food, housing, don't work for it, and don't have the possibility to work for it?
It's a ethnic curiosity, with Russians who replaced the local population sourrounded by Poles and Lithuanians.
I lived in the US for many years and spoke my native tongue only an hour or two a week when I called my family
Imo anyone who thinks highly of russia either has no morals and is a psychopath or lives under a rock
When did Lithuanians get called nazis?
Our mainstream beers are relatively strong (5 to 6%) and veeery smooth and balance.
My friend changed his surname because everyone here kept mispronouncing it or writing it wrong.
Recently few people say they want to start killing criminals again, but most of them are undereducated people driven by physical instincts rather than calculated thoughts
Basically it is a reference to how long Lukashenko is the president of Belarus and him being an everlasting president that doesn't want to leave his post
haven't seen a normal winter in  years
When the second half of the school year comes, the groups switch places
4 horsemen must have been really sad :( poor guys
Absolutely normal
Aaand I'm too young to remember any other elections
I think [your letters] have an even worse case of cancer I'm afraid
A car is more of a necessity in that environment.
Back then nobody knew that Communism is going to be the shittiest ideology of 20th century.
It's been 7 years and somehow the separatists are still getting new weapons and tanks
That's damn right Croatia is great.
That actually might be "correct" from the economical stand point.
Nothing happens, the country is empty, therefore it's free space, therefore people will come back.
You can also use a card with a card reader in buses, or you can buy a paper ticket from the bus driver (it's also the most expensive method)
Poland, Estonia
Supermamytės ( super mamas in demunitive)
I think calling us Russians is bad, but that's pure ignorance, at least it has a reason, soviet occupation and all that
Bardzo piękne miasto
Estonia and Latvia were more consumer goods oriented, therefore their factories could sustain more workers than their local populace could fill, so russians/belarussians/ukrainians were relocated to fill those spots
According to my Youtube recommendations, [this song] is currently trending on Youtube (although the view count begs to differ).
The thing is that most people still use cold war stigmas on ex commie countries and that's annoying as hell
Finland
The establishment of an independent Lithuanian state was the culmination of the Lithuanian national awakening and formation of a modern Lithuanian identity.
I almost always missed out on my school trips (intentionally and unintentionally), so the best place I went was probably Kaunas Fort IX
Sorry, but I need to dispute your claim.
That is most certainly true, but the formula *gente lithuanus, natione polonus* I think defines his identity quite well
Watching those poor Sakartvelians and Ukrainians getting harassed by the revolting bully still feels like that moment most of us have had at least once: stopping crossing the street a split second before a truck roars by
Saxo Grammaticus describes the Estonians and Curonians as participating in the **Battle of Bråvalla** on the side of the Swedes against the Danes, who were aided by the Livonians and the Wends of Pomerania.
Certain items, like clubs are legal to have on your property, but you can’t have them on you or in your car if you or your vehicle are not on your property, if caught the items will be confiscated and you will be prosecuted accordingly
Also its not a language ban but a language removal from court and other official stuff, thats not a reason to start a war
Lithuanian's population dropped from 3mil to about 1.5mil oh and I wonder why...
Hard to bribe a country when you don't know which guys to bribe.
Well, good luck with your learning then
It's just the old folks
I support it too, since I think people should have the power to decice all the time, not most of the time
Ooh we could also de-partition the Poland-Lithuania Commonwealth as a buffer against Putin, reform the Banates of Severin and Wallachia to secure Europe's southern border, and revive the Prussian Empi...
Ad hominem ad hominem and more ad hominem.
Lithuania is one of the oldest countries being first know about somewhere in 1009
I know that they are not in EU but Ukraine and Belarus
Why are you applying today's standards of nationality to 500 years ago
Good point
Have a nice day :)
Lithuanians tend to have a really poor outlook on the Commonwealth
Are Russian speakers of Latvia separatist now?
Rock: Andrius Mamontovas - Geltona, žalia, raudona
“Dolt” wow such a cool insult
Hi, my name John
Public transport usage
The only thing that could change this is a law that makes autopsies mandatory, as long as the next of kin have the decision, we won't be performing any.
well it's Lithuania
Up until that point some hunter-gatherers still remained in lithuania
You should see buses/trolleybuses in Vilnius, they're so crowded I'm not even joking
They're far closer to Germany than they are to Russia
actually being progressive
Honestly it became some sort of a game for us after we noticed it.
I personally couldn't ask my doctor to get me to see a psychologist because I lived in a small town where everyone knew everyone
Polish is lingua Franca there
It’s an obligation to your ancestors, family, neighbours
All of our famous people are basically just poets, writers, musicians and artists
Rent and apartment prices mostly, then food.
Our country was extended to the Black Sea
I am not suggesting to kick them now, but after the election there should be some observation on Turkish international politics if they don't change (assuming Erdogan stays in power) Bullshit that is happening now is kinda understandable because its election time (but still 2 years till them) and Erdogan is just playing his populist card in international politics to potentially sway more voters to his side
Except the bucket is much larger on the military helicopters because they can lift more
Edit: I lol when people think I’m trying to blame the pilots
Also we don't have coal mines and Russians are selling us oil with above average (regional) prices
And if Hitler was such antislav why Stalin signed Molotov-Ribentrop pact
For comparison - it took me 5 years to learn completely fluent English, starting from nothing
Its just completely different from any other Lithuanian city
on the same note, once I saw a TV documentary where a Scot from as I asume Northern Scotland spoke.
Also needles to point out that most of banished people were intelligentsia - doctors, teachers, writers, composers etc.
I doubt they would do anything that's not already familiar to most of their audience
One book page about Holocaust, another about Stalin's gulags another one in Poland invasion
In the letter to the Germany portal, the ambassadors of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia noted that the Baltic states did not join the Soviet union voluntarily but were occupied and annexed, while the majority of Western democracies, including Germany, **never recognized the Soviet occupation of the Baltic states**, said the ministry.
We also want to make Eesti cry.
I am also planing to study in Denmark (once all this worldwide situation sets in, I mean)
this is what happens when a land of basketball tries to play football
* Quick deterioration of relations with Russia
Private old homes have bucket wells, new homes have pumps wells
Well UK seems to have volunteered to be the control group in the pandemic containment efforts
Riding in the shade against the wind dropped the temperature down to a comfortable 32C.
The Supreme Court has Criminal and Civil chambers and 33 justices
I think "Mantas" and "Tomas", "Andrius" should be on the list.
2 posts about Belarus in one day?
Our current president is Gitanas Nauseda
Although the thing about not all pagan traditions dying down is only partially true
Can I pick Asian countries for example Korea?
So sick of these humanz are da reel wayrus art pieces
We hardly have any Russians here
Most people hated it and still do
I wish people would stop posting this bullshit.
My first thought was that it is simply the Polish name for Christopher.
Wtf is "keikti" I've never heard a lithuanian say that, like never, We say "BLET" or "KURVA" or "BYBYS"
Unrealistic
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia have always been referred to as Baltic nations.
In Lithuania we say "pakratyti kojas" which is to shake your legs in English
And statistically, it _is_ extremely safe.
It's ridiculous when translated, but it sounds alright 'lok, stauk arba šauk' haha
The longer someone lives in a foreign country, the more   likely they are to stay there
We, for example, had elected the very same communist party leader, who opposed our independence, to a president after independence council finished the constitution
> and wrote how beautiful Lithuania is (could be wrong, just remember something like this from school)
Kids of hard to not assume stuff when human brain is literally wired to assume the most likely scenario, based on similar situations in the past.
Not only are they imprecise by nature, unexploded ordinance remains dangerous even after conflicts are over.
I also don't really know how different they are, but I think the LSDP may be a little more left-wing than the LSDDP, which is more centre-left
Many people commute this much to work.
Buy a gun: in some cases allowed at 18
It's actually more complicated for us than that.
Plus ever since we closed the Balkan route we havent had issues with illegal border crossings (may still happen but in such low numbers that its not newsworthy).
The male calling is enchanting
And thats what we do :)
Shouldn't Ireland be potatoes
Look on germany is positive, as we strive to achieve german quality level
Basically, I don't think that this map was for aiming for that.
no wonder there are so many lithuanians living in Ireland.
• šoklys ( jumper ) - dipodid or jerboa (  jumping rodent)
I don't think Russian would get insulted this way
Few more things: Thanks for ruining the joke.
They don't make that much stuff, but they own a lot of labels/brands/products that are made elsewhere.
American movies and western books were very strictly controlled and censored in the USSR
Yeah well in parks it's not quite legal anywhere, you can't even walk on grass in most parks.
Just you wait until it gets all dirty like every other metro in the world
If it's pubs, you guys take the cake I think, if it's Vodka, I think finish take the cake, Russia aside, I exclude it as I assume it's about EU, not the continent, but Russia and Finland would have vicious rivalry going on
They have so many good highways so people aren't on such a rush on the small country roads, because they know they can catch up on time when they drive on the highway.
It's just a lack of education on the matter mixed with a feeling of supremacy with a facade of "my religion is against this
Only using monies phones so they have never been down, Internet has been bitchy for 3 months randomly disconnecting and packet loss spiking but now it's fine.
> Also, anecdotes aren’t exactly a strong comeback to facts and figures
Still he would have at least 2 years of being an EU citizen
Sorry to seem ignorant, but what is the situation of the Polish minority in Lithuania?
It's a sad fact for us Lithuanians and im sorry for what happened to your releatives.
IKEA kitchen is exactly the same quality as any other made from laminated MDF
Milk (1l) In Poland: 2.39 zł (0.55 Euro); In Lithuania: 0.82 Euro
Well Germany is loved for [this]–Soviet_War), France is loved for [this]#Crossing_the_Niemen), UK is just "my summer camp", while USA is seen as beacon of anti-Communism and protector of democracy and capitalism, since beginning of WW2 we hoped that American troops would step on our soil rather than for the second time - Soviet ones.
I'm missing on the list Portugal, Ireland, Latvia/Lithuania/Estonia, Finland, Belgium, Denmark, Slovakia.
What have you done, after all these peaceful years this song is in my head again
But we have great potatoes and sour cream.
Whole our history consists of attempts of other nations to conquer us.
Did you know that in Rukla the refugees were not given a single Lithuanian language lesson?
Slipping on rocks and watching some guy jump off the bridge
Inside the hole of a butt
And they mostly think that because they wouldn't need to choose their jobs, as the state chose it for them
&#x200B;
Beer companies sponsor lots of events, free concerts in the summer and such.
I thought only my family does that
From Proto-Indo-European *wewer-, from *wer-. Baltic cognates include Latvian vāvere, Old Prussian weware and the Samogitian dialect's vuoverie
I hope the overall sentiment changes soon since I personally think that country living is charming and I wouldn’t change it for any city :)
* Language is rare itself
Lithuanian [Prime Minister]
Thank you all for rewards
We are small and we have no money
But it gets less affordable
Neighbors Finns, Czechs, Swedes and Lithuanians?!
Jonas kasa duobę. - Jonas is digging a hole
Well hes got my vote
(the plot of land and not the moon) I am just thinking if I should put you with the odd ones :D
Even das Handy
However, quite a few houses are heated by "hard fuel".
that's ALOT of money per 1 asylum seeker.
I think it still count, because the movie is about the country and was filmed in the country, even though the actors are not from Lithuania
What data about them do we have?
At least show the second movie on Christmas, I find it super Christmassy
In our language it's gatvė, which is a cognate with the german Gasse and the north germanic gata/gate/gada all coming from proto germanic gatwǭ
fuck this heat
The 20% in Lithuania are old people
Are there people who are born and raised in the same country that fully cannot communicate with each other due to the language differences
Sorry for the off-topic question: how is Russian contigent supplied if Transnistria is landlocked between mainlaind Moldova and Ukraine
No, our birthday is on February 16th
Oh well teach you how you are supposed to live
... (the rest follow latin prefixes)
I write in jest, though I certainly agree that one should command a basic understanding of the language of their host nation.
Tough luck living life to the fullest here.
Wer du ju fink I kaim from
Maldininkas- pray saying, men
Most people just walk around with their neutral resting face
I had a few locals guide me to some bars but maybe I am spoiled in Vilnius and Copenhagen but these were disappointing
I'm not talking about XX age, when polish culture wasn't as attractive to them anymore, and IIRP had different methods, but picking up Poland as a contradiction to Lithuania on this matter in Commonwealth or Pol-Lit personal union times is utterly retarted.
I personally find Dutch to be cute for some reason.
That simultaneous feeling of it sounding very familiar while still not being at all understandable...
Coming from the guy who lived in the lamest country in Yugoslavia
Otherwise it just could be the houndreds of pretty churches
They are mostly mixed corps loosely based on those found in Estonia and Latvia.
And I'm just sittin' here, watching how my country establishes harsher penalties for possession of marijuana
I don't understand what you are talking about
I have a spare bedroom for refugees, if anyone wants to relocate
Germany and Czechia were home to reformators such as Martin Luther and Jan Hus.
Except for this one older guy who came to me at the beach recently and advised me (in a friendly manner) to get a blood test because I'm probably lacking iron, since I'm so pale
This kinda solves Ukraine crisis because they and Belarus is rightfully our clay!
He said Nordic countries
Palys (surname) will take cover, will thin down a little bit, it will rain a little bit
Went silent so quick people dont even know about it; since 2014 there has been +1000 nato border breaches by their planes and ships; russian submarine near sweden; nuclear weapon dislocation in koningsburg; russian government money laundering through scandinavian banks in the baltics; russian diplomat smuggling cocaine to and from europe; cyber attacks against european neighbours, usa and others; heavy, IMMENSE propaganda machine through tv and social media about justifying occiparion of Krym and showing falsified documentaries, debate shows about  events related to soviet union and russia in european neighbours; outward calling western europe and especially germany fascists; massacre of 8 unarmed lithuanian border guards after independence; russian oligarchs bribing politicians and trying to transfer control of essential parts of countries (energy, finance, politics); 2008 Sakartvelo war, when russia gave out free passports to georgians and its regional people, then came in with an army to "defend russian citizens" (similar scenario to krym)
Lithuania probably picked this from western media and Poland since we had no contact whatsoever with Lithuania, neither gypsies nor romanians.
So, personally, it’s not that I have particularly negative feelings toward German people
That's pretty much the same distance as crossing Germany from west to east from BeNeLux
Have seen it mentioned here but kvass, such a good and delicious drink
NYC has changed drastically in the last 5 years - since I moved to NYC - not to mention last 20 years
Except the at least half decently skilled or a little motivated people can manage to improve a lot by doing well at their jobs
Yes, but that's not connected to the main part of the country, which really doesn't help.
Well at least that's the legend, the name actually just comes from the river Nevėžis which the city is situated on
Aw, poor guy
In my country we have different penalties for break ins to steal and armed break ins, people who break in don't risk to take any kind of weapon, even a knife, in that case it doesn't count as an armed break in and getting caught doesn't get them as many years in prison.
Why would anyone think that living right next door to a volcano is a good idea
It is a really good looking flag, but it's just too traumatic for people to see
Geographically we are more in North than Denmark and more in West and Finland
Falklandū salas sosided ėš 2 dėdliū salū ė tepuogė da aple 700 salieliu
The bad mostly comes from current minority problems (and occasional wilno nashe comments)
He managed to make Poland Great Again for a few years.
Walk straight till you reach end of the forest, continue to walk till you find a road, and keep following the road.
Mods could you please put misleading or fake tags on this?
Also bottomless fjords, temperature never rising above -10C, never ending aurora and mountains of fish
Passiv for me seems fairly easy in English but I struggle with it in German.
Yeah Russian is more common as second language in city
Out for curiosity I checked what I could get for 15euros.
Hell yeah, just no Soviet interruptions this time please
For some reason when I hear Lithuanian music on the radio at first I have to take a second to understand what language it is, before realizing that I'm a complete moron
You know one of them is Angela Merkel
Had to think of this the moment I read European dune!
The only one who didn't was a priest in a Ferrari
we only want to change an old system that exploits the weakest ones the most.
) or Pilis (LT) vs Polis (GR)
I'm at a festival in Denmark rn and all of these bikes aren't locked up
Our politicians are slowly slowly slowly starting to push the topic.
That's the hope, but at this rate anything is possible.
Btw, Russian is no official language of EU, so they would need to learn one
One time, when you'll be wandering in a lithuanian swamp, or around a lake you won't need to think, to recognize it
Bekes also fought in the Danzig rebellion and the Livonian War.
Had a Lithuanian housemate at university who got regular care packages from his parents.
Goddammit Lithuania
The saga speaks of his invasion of Estonia where he fell in a battle against the men of Estland who had come down with a great army.
You sure that wasnt a girl from Glasgow
Stagnation comes naturally when one dictator stay in power for a long time.
They'll keep those hidden away until the Lithuanian World Order is announced
I spell in British, like coloUr instead of color
It's hard to imagine these things happening today.
Not very
Russia
There was even a country called "ingria" that was established by a swedish prince marrying a russian princess
• meškėnas ( a "bear"+ [enas]) - racoon
Sometimes owning your own house isn't that great.
company is in Luksiai, Šakiu country
Free farmers were exempt from it
I almost always missed out on my school trips (intentionally and unintentionally), so the best place I went was probably Kaunas Fort IX
Though we are having other problems like deforestation which if having just as big effect.
This has been known for a decade or so that same brand food, for west and east Europe are different in quality.
Question is is by free they mean only EU members free or everyone in the world that wants it free?
Still has the same number of days
Oh, hi that, mr
Based
Despite that, the witcher does quite a good take on the baltic-slavic mythology
"The AK-47 is best described as a hybrid of previous rifle technology innovations
They have gazillion of parties and one getting 15% is not someone who is not take seriously by 15% of population
Perfect: 6 - 15
It's been 7 years and somehow the separatists are still getting new weapons and tanks
[be warned this is lithuanian rap (YouTube link)]
Hello friend
We have the best from our neighbors
The city that is in that appendix asked to be in Lithuania so when CCCP was drawing the border they added them.
Name things that makes us not sovereign.
Yeah, but an average person doesn't buy a car in one year.
I want to visit Belarus but the visa costs money :/ they are nice.
Hey its fine if its a male nipple
As for international companies, that's just a consequence of our economy growing and the world realizing we exist
Yes, Africa definetly is doing very good with all those birth rates.
Literal armies
That's why Poland went union with Lithuania instead of Austria, chicks dig height confirmed!
but saying these things literally spits on our recently dead relatives who took us where we are today
Poland is super cheap, that's for sure.
Most people here are paractical and own estate cars or suv
It takes longer to drive from Seattle to Miami, than it does to drive from Portugal to Tallinn, Estonia.........dip your toe in the water, then drive to Warsaw.
2 of those roads are arteries of the city, which allow fastest commutes imo
This is not really mentioning the dialectal variations, then the list would get wild
There is no "right wing" ideology.
If a Romanian is driving abroad does he still drive like a suicidal maniac
yeah first time i read about that i genuinely thought i was reading the onion
Conscription doesn't mean that you will be send into foreign wars, you're just put in reserve in case enemy attacks your home country.
* Vincas Kudirka
Don't overthink
Damn, I was freaking out about the 250 cases in Lithuania this morning
I mean it was one of the largest and most populous countries at the time and extremely diverse.
My mum calls me "kačiukas" it means (male) kitty even though I'm female
but actually made out of country
Good thing I was on my way out to lunch
Only the Lithuanian stayed his whole life here though, I can remember being pushed around the farm in his wheelbarrow.
It seems like almost every Baltic person ashamed of being associated with the Slavic countries.
This subreddit seems to fetishize the commonwealth, but I think most Lithuanians really don't like that point in history and would not accept any sort of coming back to it
But most of people I have studied with went home every weekend or so.
Yes
So long, lads
The smell of Linden tree flowers, thyme, fennel and honey
Have 4 roads to enter the city from various sides, so traffic is quite easy to avoid
11 – vien-uolika; 12 – dvy-lika; 13 - try-lika; 14 – ketur-iolika; 15 – penk-iolika
" instead of a normal "Hello" and for the first three days of uni I assumed that everyone was just very curious and caring
There is no proof Russia planted this story.
have you watched Paris, je t'aime?
Can you trigger a referendum in Lithuania?
Somehow, somewhere we chose to stick with calling ourselves grand duchy and relegated being a king as only blessed by the pope when we were a border region and mix of traditions
Uneducated, live in illegal ghettos, sell drugs and are bit prone to crime (because uneducated)
Also, it means something like "turning of the sun" because the summer solstice is also called "vasaros saulėgrįža". By the way, the Lithuanian word for Christmas is "Kalėdos".
Exotic, fun and interesting would be more precise description, so there's that
In the 1800s there were significant Polish and Lithuanian minorities in the region
/r/historymemes
[Rail Baltic] should be under construction soon if it wasn't for those pesky Lithuanians with their absurd plans to connect the [Warsaw-Tallinn line with Vilnius]
Truly
then it would be a village and not a town.
Adding another unit just seems not very useful to me at least.
' and then we'd compare our arms and have a laugh, but that's about it
* [Žiogas app] on the smartphone
Articles [46
Just get that [Balto-German]–Soviet_War) mix in and you get the Prussian blood line rolling through European continent again.
Stick a typical lithuanian ending -as to it, and you also get our word for ice.
How Lithuanians deal with winter (on a bugdet)
This year they justblasted music at the school entrance and ripped off Coachella
Brexit was leading in the polls, Clinton won the popular vote.
At my own house i lock all the time
I dont believe whole EU will make it to 100 years
Like how some in Eastern Europe think it’s a sense of pride to speak Russian and not English
Or maybe you think you do until a foreigner points it out.
Lithuanian - Salieras
Oh, and Albert Camus
And it is a slowing down zone and you might get pulled over if you look suspicious
Literally the only time time I've heard of the French being "frog eating snobs" is the Anglo media.
Dont take my comment as snarky
even Greeks and Lithuanians, so Moldova is nothing for me since I live in a country very close to that country; linguistically wise at least.
All the time in the world when it comes to parenting.
There are Lithuanians, who haven't been to Palanga?
Ash brown hair - very common, brown eyes - fairly rare.
10^15 Kvadrilijonas
If they send their chickens we should dump them in the sea
By my calculations the next approach of Catalan Independence should be on the 20th of July 2043 and last an entire 40
My grandfather is 100% Lithuanian, and he and my father say they have a good relationship with the Polish.
I feel offended when baltic states are not marked
Prost, skol, cheers, na zdravi, na zdravje, na zdravlje, na zdrowie, na zdarovje, za zdarovja, živeli, sante, salud, saude, cin cin, į sveikatą...
... keikti
Poland's most famous piece of literature begins, "Lithuania, my fatherland!"
Thank f*ck I live in the Baltics
If they dream of 2050 let's do 2080 in real time.
Lithuania in the XIV-XV centuries, when it covered lands streaching from the Baltic to the Black sea
Invaded, pillaged and destroyed Moscow several times
ah, lithuanian girlfriend (or boyfriend), huh
Do you or anybody know how to get those country flairs
I made this assumption by the amount of books/textbooks we had to carry and how parents would complain about the huge weight their kids have to carry every day
But if you are cornered by a nut with an ak, you can shoot him in the gut.
EU fixed lots of things after joining by basically forcing change.
In some cases the person's passport will be taken, a written promise to not leave could be signed
Well, now that it's playing, I'm obliged to listen to it to its end, I don't get rick rolled much these days
Engineering (mechanical, chemical), machine operation
NATO primary task is not expand, it's not a state, it's an alliance of sovereign nations who want to ensure peace and stability in the region.
We have a club called "Liverpool" where they play music of these and other similar bands and have gigs of local indie bands :D
[Hi fellow Orthodox brother]
What about period of fragmentation and Teutonic Order threat?
It varies a lot depending on where you are.
Did you skip your history class
Basically, a 100 days before the exams, the graduates come and throw some fun
Europe
So he cant own stocks or be a business owner
I think last year a teenager got a few years in prison because the police found 0
Self defense is logical
To the east they were named duchies to the west - kingdoms . That's why our grand dukes wrote to the west that they were "kings" or "emperors" and no one batted an eye
Every part of the city can be reached within 30min drive
On the other side: Will people trust NATO if members are fighting each other for own local political gain?
It drives us
The working language throughout PLC was Polish.
She wouldn't like me either because she's from Kaunas and I'm from the "Polish city of Vilnius" and therefore automatically less Lithuanian than she is.
Is what make Eastern Yurop stronk.
The lands you took were Volyn and something else (if I am not mistaken)
Somebody should have explained to the music clip director that the seven dragon balls grant a wish.
So your investment 10 years ago at best would not have decreased
In comparison, Lithuania or other Eastern European countries would probably seem very foreign and lonely.
- Your braid is beautiful
We were in the middle of two super powers  - Russia and Germany while Lithuania was just a battle field in world wars, although maybe we didn’t suffer too much, compared to Poland, but occupations hurt as a lot, especially the USSR
We say "green meat" when we mean a raw meat as well
I can't really say if that reflects the mentality of the whole country though
We should hope that money wont sink into someones pocket (being aware of corruption levels in UA) but reach the places of devastation.
But point still stands, just someone else stole part of our land.
Their anthem is pretty nice, but I don't know the lyrics very well so I hope it doesn't have SU vibes or something.
The question, however, is to pull of this "proposal" without infringing on national sovereignty.
Yes, it happened to me as well
There are some old people here who do feel nostalgic, though I must say it's probably due to the fact they remember themselves as young back in the day
you can change it to that and it'd be correct, but that's as far as my knowledge of samogitian grammar goes
Oreantal can mean either turkey or Functionally eastern China+Japan here.
For example - the Lithuanian name Jokūbas can be only be spelled Jokūbas; if you try and make it Jokubas for example, it wouldn't be legal
While this American problem is a good opportunity to give some thought to racism, true justice and equality, there is no excuse for things like protests/hooliganism against the European police, especially in Latvia
You guys are more Slavic than us...
Austrijos - Vengrijos imperija
Svajone ( dream)
The events of [January 13, 1991] Soviet troops invaded the capital.
Not bad if you're a Goldman Sachs banker or otherwise well-off.
The lingua franca was Polish and many powerful families of the Commonwealth resided there.
Never heard the term, so can't answer
Yeah, pretty much
Well yeah, but looking back 20 years and you see huge progress everywhere, so there really is nothing special compared to any other european country
The difference between Lithuanian and Polish foods is not great
To add to that Commonwealth was really not a successful country
It seems a heard name but it's not heard too
d) Speaking with a person from that place (especially Samogitians)
I love it because of some nice quotes like:
And still it's not even close to a disaster.
My school does anyway, I’ve been to another school that doesn’t though
At my school popular is
Tons of them do leave their countries if they are allowed to, also in most of the places like that the life is getting better, that is opposite to what is happening in Turkey.
Estonia, Ireland, Cyprus, Lithuania, Finland and Sweden have the biggest proportion of women that are high-achievers when it comes to education.
We have a literal blood sausages stuffed in animal intestines
Lithuanians are anti-gay because of religious belief and conservatism on "What is family", not because of Soviet influence.
How could say, Luxenbourg, Lithuania, Malta or hell, even larger countries like Denmark or Sweden confront the US or China?
Just FYI: braliukai is more of a mix between latvian brāļukas and broliukai (which is the diminutive for brothers)
Don't think, if this would be difficult, because Lithuanian language's sentence's structure is very flexible
So it's a running joke everywhere.
я не понимаю русский (ja nipanimaju paruski)
You sound like a heathen that needs to be enlightened by the glory of rye based products.
Depends on the context
* Introduction of €.
There was a tribe called Lithuanians, which gave the name to modern lithuania, and their language was the most similiar to modern lithuanian, so understanding it would be easier than, say Curonians, or Yotvingians
Lithuanian name would be the best - Lietuva
(In my experience
Also if OP wants to update his map in future, different colour dots would help to know the approximate date of the attack
Lithuanians were rulers and nobility, Belorussians mostly peasants, some knights.
There was also a few other basilisk legends from kraków or warsaw
Over the long period time, wooden structures becomes so dry that if fire breaks out, structures burn down in matter of moments.
It would be nice to not have a dictator next door
Wasn't exactly liberation even after war has ended.
It definitely did, last winter it didn't start snowing normally until January.
That we speak latin
There were also more serious privacy concerns, like occasionally routing traffic through China (really not an issue for 5 grader class), but the main issue was unsecured conversations
>THE LITHUANIAN NATION
Situation is a bit different, Crimea had a strategic port
All I mentioned was people being upset over flags and that's it, so please don't ask me about any accusations and etc.
That's 50% of the relocated asylum seekers in Lithuania.
I personally hate Vytis because it's hard to me to draw and it doesn't simply look good to me
Let's have another 100 or more
A simple driving ticket is far from a valid reason for deportation.
I imagine that high emigration rates actually help somewhat, because the emigrants send some money home to their families, and if Lithuania is like Romania, all that money will be spent not saved, increasing consumption.
Doesn't russia really hate gays
But Lithuania is not some super-cheap country, it's more expensive than Poland and yet with lower wages.
I am into all kinds of dark beers
The problem with lithuanian terms is that most of the times they sound very stupid and a lot of the terms dont even have translations
Yeah, and "bad" can actually mean "good".
Well there is reason to be angry about the current standstill, but Latvia and Lithuania are still quite far behind.
Quail, or quail eggs are also a part of lithuanian culinary
Utena County (northeastern Lithuania)
Greek and Lithuanian names have similar endings, that's why.
Displaying gun will get you arrested
It just sounds Slavic, not germanic at
Yeah, but as ISIS is pushed there will be more similar attempts and some may suceed.
I mean whole Europe (except Nigel) sees that British politicians don't want to do it.
Lithuania would join braļukas
notebookcheck.net does review GPS accuracy in their written reviews.
Its like he was using completely different language.
[Vėdarai] It's literally the intestines of a pig stuffed with potatoes.
They didn't go the way of Latvia and Estonia because they didn't have the mass immigration problem so they could freely give the few immigrants they had citizenship and they really didn't want to go the route of having a border dispute with Poland, that declaring the continuation of 1939 republic would have caused.
Dear Europeans, on which part of the political spectrum do you fall?
More like high ^^^^interest rates
taip
Yeah, good thing they got a good kick in their ass during elections.
Doesn't include area where Prussia started either.
Calling it cheese is probably a sin.
You are correct
Many Estonians fought and died on both sides of the war
What's with the passive agressiveness
Really cool, would recommend
Got it as a present few years ago as not a lot of people actually drink it
Lithuanians used to massively burn themselves when Crusades took castles
Is generally everyone capable of speaking all the widely spoken official languages
What about going further and just extending our great Commonwelth over the whole EU
This impression rests largely on the high degree of faithfulness with which it has preserved the aspects of PIE phonology and nominal morphology
No one has ever hear of Lithuania except at visa offices where Lithuanians are found trying to gain access to the UK or US
Huge problem we try to reduce
Latvian, maybe like 60% when written, spoken less so
Every part of the city can be reached within 30min drive
I just hope the Lithuanians make it on time this time around.
I think we don't see the crisis.
Side note - all 3 parties are led by women, while all 3 opposition parties are led by men, something I see to be VERY positive
Today was a great day
Most of them are either Moscow or to the east from Moscow.
It's just the old folks
100%.
If I drive somewhere from door to door I might not wear extra layers, just jeans, t-shirt, hoodie, scarf and a coat, but it's one of those long warm puffer coats, with feathers inside
Thomas, the head of the Pentagon’s Special Operations Command, who visited here recently, said of the tiny militaries of Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia.
Definitely without
Nah, "Kad tave šikantį sutrauktų" (loose translation - "I hope you get cramps while you are shitting") is the king
Hell even I signed up for volunteer forces in 2014.
So from the more commonly found (culturally) ones, most don't work with the symbols, but when you go to the more uncommon ones, like Litis(Li), Wolframas(W), Manganas(Mn), Bizmutis(Bi), most work
Doesn't surprise me, after their foreign ministry posted an infographic about Forest Brothers in the Baltic countries being terrorists and murderers
the quality of the 2017 pic easiliy passes as a 70's pic
WHAAAT
Why was this posted here
NI wishes to reunify are at an all time high, Scotland wants independence - soon UK will only consist of England and Wales, lol
ALL Post-Soviet kids who aren't from Russia itself experienced this
And regionally you had more relations under Livonian order with us than with other Scandinavian countries
The only way I can really answer this is with out actual country name
But paint in this case would likely be less effective
You know, the Commonwealth and all that came with it
Still kinda stupid, but hey maybe this was their promotional tactic to spread the name of this campaign :D
But we just call it "gift exchange".
But upon hearing news of that, the King of Sweden decided to raid the hill again, this time bringing more forces.
Floreat, crescat Lithuania, ad multos annos.
What is the point of showing turkish tv shows or anime with dubbing in Lithuanian?
The biggest problem, in my opinion, is the lack of substance (content) under the term "European values" or "European culture" or "European citizen".
There's a lot more references if you look into it, so if this mythology interests anyone, here you go
About Russians thinking all of the West likes taking it in the butt from anyone?
Create conflict in ME , flood Europe with migrants, bribe parties.
The next thing people don't know about Lithuania is the language we speak (again non Europeans) Will you nail this question too?
If it's not that then my bad, I didn't look into it enough.
Sveikinu su "torto diena" ⊂(・﹏・⊂)
Even if she would agree to it, anyone could just veto it, right?
The "correct" form would be "Janušas Kovalskis" but also he could be "Januš Kovalski" <- thats allowed.
Those helicopters are quite good.
You're awesome
Movies and cartoons of them were on TV here
Horny
Going nude in public is uncommon and I haven't seen anyone try this at a lake, but I've seen people get naked or topless in secluded meadows inside the city.
I have no idea who he is
We also tend to "lithuanize" some words from English to make it sound legit in a Lithuanian sentence
Lisbon, Portugal
According UN, there are only 90k Spaniards in UK, for 700k Poles.
Can we replace their government with water
Disneyland
My dad's high-school girlfriend was the daughter of Jews who fled Lithuania, interestingly.
Or thay we can't be in NATO for this same reason because this irritates Russia
Oi, I don't particularly enjoy eating dirt.
Take the number of people killed by their own state in the 20-th century and compare that to the number of "gun deaths" in USA for the same time.
The media usually refers to it as the "Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine", but as far as I've encountered in daily language people usually say the "Pfizer vaccine". I've also seen governmental health institutions calling it the "Comirnaty vaccine" a few times, which is its brand name
Green super sour
He was a poodle and we always joked he was a Frenchman
Who uses bombs that weight 3.8 tones?
I'm guessing Lithuanian has it too, but it's not really ever used
But "camp in Poland" and "Polish camp" have different meanings most of the time to majority of people.
Aww, that's such a Polish thing to ask.
>  In a simulated battle our platoon of 3 tanks distroyed over 120 Leopard2 tanks in multiple waves without a single loss on our side
So he cant own stocks or be a business owner
Oh, I see, you have multiple degrees in geopolitics
Putin no longer had political control over the Crimean military bases.
I think it's a bit niche, and I was lucky to have it in both primary and middle schools I attended
Limited brands (you can't find some that you can find in other supermarkets) still it is the best option when comparing prices and the quality
Or they will just learn how to make a presentation in just one way, because it worked in the past and there wasnt a need to learn more
Old folk usually live deep inside provinces, and healthcare there isnt what it should be
And before anyone comes out with the 'just build more house's argument, it is very very difficult to get plots of land due to planning laws, green belt regulations, and environmental concerns.
Warm: 16 - 22
I'm still getting education and I'm don't know Lithuanian language.
Sometimes it even went to -30 but last year it wasnt even snowing idk whats gonna happen this year
autobusubilietai
Well basically we know that he married a 12 year old girl to become king of Poland
Šimtas vienas, šimtas du, šimtas trys
Those nukes were also in an era before ICBMs were common
Apparently you can also have rocky beaches
It does look intuative to a degree, one good example is gaming
Good thing I'm not in Iceland
Catalonia wants to be a republic, respect it and abolish the monarchy then they might stay.
I highly recommend this video (and the whole channel tbh) to everyone
There was a time when people who lived in what is today Lithuania had no concept of what a Lithuanian was, it wasn't something thats part of your DNA.
As far as I know modern russia is mostly a descend of The Kievan Rus, so modern day Ukrain
It kinda is a bubble, you can only use "us against them" argument to solidify your rule for so long until it pops.
Also kids here are too happy to live
Independent budget that you have full ownership of?
60 km seems pretty close, that's about how far the local university is from my house.
And they come in solid numbers.
I understand that there are long history of pain between us, but i want to believe that many adequate citizens of my country will agree with me and wish your country only best
Thracians had same God pantheon (Perkūnas (lt)/Perkon(Tr) both similar to Zues(gr)) plus:
I'd be sad if the Cologne cathedral suffered, as that one has a unique history of being spared in the largest destruction of the continent
What are you even talking about.
> Russians are all impoverished and eat potatoes to keep alive
A while ago I mostly identified as an ancap, but the community around libertarianism is quite cancerous.
These were the few times in history when our nation was truly independent - no Poland, no Russia, no Germany
But apparently that doesn't work, it has to be Maestro
But you know, everyone already understands everyone via English/Russian/local languages (borderland people), there are no visas, no border control, same currency, allied miltaries
Gotcha
Yeah I know I am paying like 3 euros for 1.5Gb a month.
After the re-establishment of the state of Lithuania "Soviet Union" is referred to as "Sovietų Sąjunga" again.
So we can pressure our governments to pressure Google to open some sort of entities that would manage those servers and wouldn't have to obey to US law.
Kasa, kasa, kasa and kasa are all different words in lithuanian
If its practical to live with parents while studying, a person does that
When you get gravel in your shoes
Depends for how long I am to be outside
You sense it
Tourists screaming and snapping their fingers at waiters in restaurants
We had a similar thing in Vilnius
Does anyone else other than us and Latvians call you slow?
That's just unfortunate
Sanita ( sunpuddle)
well that's the point, it was already time for rebellion when the press got a hit, now it's already too late
makes sense
You'll get a glass of water here if you say that
I thought different elements were used as moderators, to slow the rate at which neutrons split off other neutrons.
You concider this a victory
I think this kinda applies
URIGA is 100% Lithuanian brand :)
There's a fair amount of independence.
Only needed to show ID to get on the ferry on the way to the UK
When government treats minorities as foes, you can't expect them to accept it.
I've never talked about that with my mom, but I do talk about it extensively with close female friends
[Here] is Vilnius city centre, for illustration purposes
The whole conversation is that you can't invade another country and enforce a referendum.
Considering people in England eat fish and chips with mayo, maybe its good that we allowed them to leave the EU
If it burns well you get CO2 and H2O.
Many less unlikely for spoil operations.
TIL
Classes lasted for 40 minutes each and we had nine classes a day, with about five minutes in between classes to get to the next classroom
All EU countries are still nationalistic and seek benefit for their own
mets 'wood' (medis) is also pretty similar.
NATO should have a strong presence in Lithuania.
It'll be easier to memorize words that you use often and will help learn verb conjugation
It should be remembered, however, that the language has not been equally conservative in all domains
I know
Alcoholism is a massive problem here, actually.
With Russia: Stalin,
Looks magical
So, would I be still able to buy from Amazon.co.uk?
We have the highest overall and male suicide rate in the world
Oh my god, that song has literally been resurfacing and echoing in my head randomly for years, and I never knew what I was called until now
Of course, just like Democratic people's republic of North Korea is full of democracy!
Who could've guess this what, one year ago?
THE MEMEL
As long as Turkey and Greece both are in NATO - war is impossible.
Unlike Scotland who struggled to draw against Lithuania.
We're even below Sweden, sooo why not
So many people getting through mandatory yearly technical checks through bribery.
Is it placed correctly in terms of latitude
The main point of this map was to show the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Jagiellonian dynasty, everything else is abstract and shouldn't be analyzed seriously
Eastern European countries made a conscious decision not to honour their NATO pledge.
You just have to run before the shit *really* hits the fan.
My ancestors moved here from Africa
It's great, but it's not unique to Lithuania
I actually want to ask if anyone knows university prices in Vilnius
And it's a person that could be of interest to you as an American.
To boot, the Soviets had the policy of if you're not with us, you're against us.
Hm, I think here you don't have to have a license for anything if you don't plan on selling.
Sounds like a lighter version of Russian, so onfe again, meh
It's not so much that it's a good idea.
Paris is Paryžius, though
That's probably true, yet that page currently is quite nice
But you really can't find anybody more polish than him
This seems very complicated
yeah first time i read about that i genuinely thought i was reading the onion
What
As a content creator, this actually makes me happy
Other, more recent surnames are borrowed or merged up from other languages, mainly polish:
Do you think that Afghanistan is going to invade and take over Kazakhstan, uzbekistan and Turkmenistan for the sole purpose of attacking russia
No surprise at all, Lithuania is the longest and most vocal, harsh critic of Kremlin Government
vote itself access to and control over the national german purse?
(Please note that all my knowledge on banana hammock is based on TV show scrubs)
Isn't Jorė a pretty hipsterish contemporary Baltic name
Riots were between Vilnius Vėtra and Legia
Our teachers will never migrate to teams lol
"Find you a man that looks at you like /u/gorgich looks at Astrakhan Oblast"
The Vytis is pretty much impossible to DIY.
I'd call it state capitalist
Back before the Cold War, most conflicts were full on wars.
As a Russian speaking Lithuanian who has spent time in Poland (yay cheap alcohol and cigarettes) I can definitely confirm that Polish is more closer to Russian.
But we are forgetting that it stopped being about cost.
Imagine two different people kill somebody with a car in the exact same manner
I only remember being very excited to start learning it.
Am I the only one who thinks US news look ugly and out dated
I followed a lot of the Arab Spring and the aftermath, especially in Egypt
We were one of the biggest ones at one point
Yes, it's called the *State Commission of the Lithuanian Language
They activated some kind of "deal plan" and it costs 10€ now
That's cool
More like "fluff". It's a noun, not an adjective
Cold (but comfortable): -10 - -5
Some clothes to withstand rain
Would members of Seimas do that during their lunch?
For Lithuania "keikti
Here are some of the less popular specific places that left a lasting impression on me (all for different reasons): [Poland] [Slovakia] [Lithuania] [France] [Ukraine] [Germany] [Latvia]
A Lithuanian who doesn’t like basketball
For example, (Context: During the common wealth, poland and lithuania had joined forces and were under the same rule [lithuanian monarch married a polish one], but they were culturally speaking differnt countries) Barbora Radvilaite a queen of the commonwealth, before moving to Kraków used to go horseriding and hunting, or also was very "energetic" at banquets, so things that were considerred unladylike
), generally nothing happens there
there you go, that's what I mean.
Our prime minister and the whole parliament
Did not know someone can be that bad at history.
But to Lithuania these relationships are a lot better than with the other neighbors.
Weren't Germans a privileged ethnic group in Royal Prussia during Polish-Lithuanian state?
[NSFW] The joys of snow in Lithuania
Well thats lithuanian indeed
Man I wish Lithuania was where Portugal is.
Just like flying over a war zone has a higher chance of catastrophe than flying around it
It's still dumb, no matter how hard you try to make it work.
Lithuania had a good idea, [until] ...
your examples don't make sense, labour isn't in power and Gabriel didn't say anything inflammatory.
Oh really
Austro-Vengrijos imperija
Same with some musicals Lithuania too:
Will I be able to buy green-tea KitKats now
I enjoyed walking through Vienna
If the President's political party also controls parliament, they effectively can choose whoever they want to lead the government though, pretty much giving them all the power; this is the current case in France and Russia
Only if your first name is not a name of any apostate or whatever
Wife's surname ends with -ienė, which notes that the woman is a wife of a man
Uhh, since this is history, do you mind posting some proper sources?
My suburb's main Street has a speed limit, but everyone goes much faster than limit
[Dear Lithuania] happy restoration of independence day brothers and sisters!
Our only hope
Slovakia
Šventosios - Holy's, Romos - Rome's, Imperija - empire
If that applies to the public sector only, go right ahead.
The guarantor is prosecuted if the suspect runs away
The ATMs that accept cash had huge lines shortly before the switch.
An armed population is very hard to oppress.
I live in the capital, Vilnius
Russian fills the gap when they've to deal with older people who don't speak English.
Also we don't have many mcdonald's. Only one Mcdonald's in Klaipėda (100k inhabitants) is an insult and the lines are always super long
Bears are endangered in Europe, so it's probably not common.
Fwiw, you'd lose clay to newly re-established Prussia and become DMZ.
10m or so outside the path is fine
We have the Euro for over a year now, and I have to say that I'm very disappointed with it.
Don't shake hands with gloves on
Or how Baltics are comparable with Russia.
4  - keturi,
You are now dead to me Lithuania......DEAD!!!!
Why is Estonia so high up compered to the rest of Russian empire
If you seek public help, the records will follow you your whole life
Poland
In Lithuania, I had "Ethnography " classes (not sure if that translates, but that's how they were called)
Some might say you're the westernmost eastern europeam country
Relocated migrants flee Lithuania in a rented bus
Many people don't.
I don't think we do, what would the use of something like this be
God bless those people who stood there.
Were you born in a bus
Vilnius is too modernized and does not have that lithuanian tone that it used to have
He might say one thing and do another.
Their motives are unclear, but all we know is that your goverment is unwilling to intervene
If you are learning it cause its the oldest language in europe, why
Either of which isn't viewed as respectable.
Now between parking fees, maintenance, gas, insurance and everything else, I'd say that's waaaay less than it would be to own a car
It looks like a building from the last of us
Taxi drivers for example know every single street in my city (3rd largest by population)
Wouldn't make sense for left to oppose left.
There was always a third option (and still is on the table): just fake it.
German was practically the lingua franca of the east of centuries.
I read Polish-Lithuanian-Ukrainian bridge, and was ...wtf?
Damn, I was freaking out about the 250 cases in Lithuania this morning
- What do i know ,thats none of my business
Yes, just in most (if not all, I just can't confirm that) schools the student is allowed to choose whether they'd like to study religious studies or ethics
Everyone in Denmark knows English very well — even the elderly
I was sleeping in a bunk bed and fell out of it while sleeping
It's part of your history
finland would make sense, you can take a ferry to estonia which is fun.
Sorry
He said Europe
I don't know about Lithuania, but in pre-war Poland, there were many Jews in liberal/left-wing/communist parties because those were the only groups of people who didn't look down on them due to their ethnicity.
I should have put stole in brackets for extra clarifications.
I haven't heard anything about not allowing people to leave.
2nd husband of my grandma was a fighter in the anti-Soviet guerrilla war in 1940s and 1950s.
22% in 2020 compared to 28% in 2017
It's only a bloodbath if you eat the pepper spray.
Sun rose today in 8:55, and set in 16:02
Also Lithuanian here
Everyone wanted to deposit their saved up cash for the easy conversion.
It's pretty ok I guess, especially now when lots of reconstruction/new projects are happening there
– striving for an open, just, and harmonious civil society and a State under the rule of law,
(presuming you're Austrian)
Had one presentation assignment that they did on Google Hangouts and thats pretty much it
Well this is a problem with Russia.
I guess in Italy and Spain it’s not cool to speak English
Yeah , that's a great way to make that assumption , as long as you don't take into account the last 100 years of history and the current political climate.
It's because Germanic languages in this map are green, but Latvian is a Baltic language along with Lithuanian, so it is in different color.
Source: [
I would say the "easy ones" are Russia and Belarus (the presidents never change), as well as France (because the President there is more important than the PM).
I've heard that about Belgium, hehe
* Antanas Smetona (last President of Lithuania, a de facto dictator)
Why I find German language so sexy?
> One of their anchormen is an actual UK citizen ffs
I knew that the sneaky Japanese were behind Brexit
It's a shitshow on a level never seen before
We are small and we have no money
What you did was invent the first succesful assault rifle in StG-44 and the first succesful submachine gun in MP 18
Are you
I was pretty mad when the station that airs it decided to stagger the movies, air the first one weeks before Christmas and then culminate with whatever the fuck the third movie is
My comment was just an exaggeration of the truth
Some schools asks priests to do the talk (I am not sure why)
Is it the strange dirt on the background or the flags or the strange hairline?
If you are a native speaker, you will sooner or later master the monsters that are declension, inchoative tenses, adverbial participles, or learn the difference between "-ei" and "-iai" or learn when and where to write the correct diacritical marks (although some struggle with it all their lives and some exceptions have to be googled even by the best of native speakers).
He moved to moscow as a child as his lithuanian jewish mother married a russian jew in Moscow.
But we do that all the time as well
Belarus is about to open a new power plant new border so we will need a backup
That was a way for swedes to expand their teritorry into russia
These are for the drunk crowd at night, because otherwise they'll pee on buildings and into the canals
And it is literally the exact same butter as back in Ireland
Montreal is kind of French ;)
I saw some weird Fidesz and Jobbik ads against refugees/migrants, as the Hungarian elections were held in that spring
I mean for us summers are always warm.
If you mean the name of the letter it's <ha> (short a), but some people say <haš>.
Also the UK and the US traditionally hate Russians.
There’s many instances where rural people overshoot city people
And Latin American artisan cheeses could rival Spanish varieties
It's OK I still like you, braliukas
I think the point of the ilustrations to show how the national costume looks, not the racial traits of the republic.
Emotional eating is really dangerous
The Commonwealth here isn't looked upon as some sort of "glory days", unlike Poles
He said that we're a Balkan country and we're responsible for the Yugoslavian wars
Yes, we know Germany fucked up the storage.
Still, I find it disturbing to see you labelling Polish nationlalists as *the most*, unless you really know everyone everywhere in the world.
He's just kinda forgotten
This guy is about 6'2" so technically below average hight hahaha
IMO verta ten eit kai nusibosta Le Butcher.
I'd guess that this data includes microbreweries.
but fr 20 € for 300 mbits
I would actually say that it makes even less sense :D
I also know medicine students that can't save anything at all
In general, Lithuanian grammar is very difficult
Russian imperial regime closed university, banned Lithuanian language in public life and even Latin script for Lithuanian language – Lithuanian language was clearly on the brink of extinction in mid 19th century, but the National Revival reversed these trends in late 19th century, allowing for Republic of Lithuania to be established after the WW1
After ww1 they formed their Nation state.
Well now, since you have all those expertise, I guess you are correct.
They were actually quite successful and Venice was once a very mighty naval power
True, but also worth noting that if you ask you should be totally fine with a negative answer.
Even Trump is blatantly pro interventionism, regulation and highly restrictive foreighn trade.
You're talking as if Russia wasn't trying to annex half of Europe.
It's "Art"
For example witness protection, not revealing information on ongoing police investigation, usage of threatening or abusive words that might cause harm.
Russia should definitely be on the list
They replaced the German population with Russians so as to have a practically eternal foothold in the important strategic location.
It's got the zing that uranium and other competing brands just can't measure up to.
I don't know much since I didn't live in that period of time, but the one thing that stuck to me the most is the stealing and corruption
> "Prince Charles has some great ideas
You are trying to prove something really stupid.
10 – dešimt, 20 – dvidešimt, 30 – trisdešimt, 40 - keturiasdešimt, …, 80 – aštuoniasdešimt, 90 – devyniasdešimt
You have to learn at least a couple of foreign languages
**Article 1**
The attempts to christianize Lithuanian lands were mostly unsuccessful by them
Further more, F was commonly replaced with P some time ago, so it could legitemately be called "Kristoporo pilis".
Because they are green
It's also why I find the fact that Germans still pay Israel exorbitant amounts of money for basically nothing abhorent.
Germany is a large country, their total population is as big as Poland, Czechia, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, combined.
Song about burning russian castles and reclaiming the stolen fatherland
We love dutch beer, but I am sure we have worthy beer also
Berlin is my most favourite 1M+ city
If anything Dutch are known for squished looking houses and drugs.
Isn't the lagest castle in the world the Marienburg castle in Poland?
Living in Lithuania is cheaper than living in Slovenia for instance.
It's nice and everything, but coronavirus does cough cough
Our constitution does not limit marriage to same sex couples, politicians do.
2nd Grade, age 7 and no Scandinavian languages aren't common here.
Lots of talk about it, no actual actions.
Poland's right to self determination was declined in the early 1900's , as the world hoped it would satisfy a tyrannical ruler, until they realized too late he was seeking a false glory based on an extreme historical view.
Here's a [short summary] of that
protests against what
voverė  [ʋoʋʲɛˈɾʲeː], really not that difficult to pronounce
Exactly
Hungary
Šaltiena (aspic)
This was sufficient to get it changed.
We still have leftover border control buildings from soviet times, so you would see that you're crossing the border(differently from lets say France-Belgium, where in the middle of the city there is just a drawn line for people to know and thats it)
Source:
Sincerely, a lithuanian
– embodying  the innate right of the human being and the Nation to live and create  freely in the land of their fathers and forefathers—in the independent  State of Lithuania,
Labas, mano vardas yra Jonas, malonu su tavimi susipažinti
Maybe Germany as well
Sure, absolutely true
Well, last year he got a woman pregnant (not his wife), a fish seller from lithuanian sea resort town
No, there's usually tomato sauce, my mistake
Part of Königsberg was(/is) Lithuania Minor (Memel region).
• Gediminas
Lots of country flags, lots of little hearts among them, cartoon characters, Mona Lisa is still there, the Darth Plagueis has been untouched for quite a while now, etc
Universities are hard and the programs change literally every year to accommodate for new learning strategies and stuff.
Scrambled eggs with animal brains (this one is common in rural areas)
He was born in today's Belarus, studied in today's Lithuania, lived in Moscow, Crimea, Odessa, Dresden, Paris, died in Constantinople...
For me personally it’s probably Pont-du-Garde
Download app "bolt" for taxi when coming
Then by that logic British empire was basically Indian empire?
I'm no authority on the polish side of this question so take it with a grain of salt
Of course I'd say Southern cuisine is more interesting
It's a shame, becouse there's a lot to see and the prices are generally lower
They voted and they are still not leaving EU
Green super sour
I am myself from Vilnius, Lithuania, and actually it is really nice city to visit, especially mediaval Vilnius Old Town, and cosy hip bars sprouting all over..
Besides it, Kensington & Chelsea in London
In Lithuania, Hesburger (Finnish fast food chain) actually competes pretty well with McDonalds.
Poland+Lithuania+Latvia confirmed for /r/FloridaMan of Europe.
It will make for a difficult conversation because I am not used to dealing with broken Lithuanian like I am with say, broken English
But pronunciation, especially with letters like ą, ę, ž, č, ū, etc can be very difficult
One of those Migs crashed recently too, on the same ship.
Lithuania learned from Italians and shut everything off hardcore in March, as soon as a few cases started appearing
Of course taught us, it's part of our history after all (though an unpleasant one
I live in the capital, Vilnius
Disappointed refugees relocated by EU have left Lithuania
No thank you
Weed laws in Lithuania are strict and people legally can end up in jail for smoking a joint, but this happens very rarely, because defendants in almost every case are sentenced with exceptions, which court uses in order to not destroy lives of young people
No, Suomi kp31 is like the name of the country "Suomi"... Do you think they named the country after a ww2 era SMG
Not a thing
It is a book about this subject.
Uraine's biggest mistake was not walking together with Poland, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania into EU and NATO
We need more good news posts like this.
This whole event could end peacefully.
uogienė is not solid, it's thick, also uogienė includes berries themselves, but not like jam or jelly.
[Probably this
Her voice is very deep and adds much to her looks/height
I walk however far I must to reach a supermarket or a convenience store, thankfully they're usually scattered all over and you're bound to find one within 10-20 minutes on foot max.
he had to work for the Judenrat, you'd have to be a buffoon to consider that collaboration with the nazis.
orang vs blu
and also a lot of soviet flats
Imported muslims and other faith/culture people to europe
creating more economic output and thus improving the economy.
I wonder if brits will vote for Trump again though
But yea, I agree that we are far from calling ourselves Nordics as well.
Yeah because we 100% rely on Lithuania, Poland, Romania and Slovenia.
However, embassies in the USA, UK, France and the Holly See kept working without interruptions until restoration of independence in 1990
It doesn't sound very cool to lithuanians, but perhaps people of other nationalities percieve this word dofferently
and
Polish throne rightfully belongs to Lithuania, Grybauskaitė is your new overlord, accept or prepare to be bombed with cepelinai.
Does deportation include arranging for famine and killing 20 million people?
and the things that are only made in Poland are freely available at any supermarket
That is true democracy - reflecting the choice of people
And both Latvia and Lithuania are increasing their %, it would be a stupid move to rise it instantly to 2.
Damn this article is hard to read because of it's lack of accuracy.
As someone from a Baltic state, I cannot relate lol
Out of curiosity, what are the jokes about islanders?
Mama ar aš tavo vaikas
Add to it everyone else who allowed flight path over a war zone
no European politicians have compared Trump to Hitler right?
They occur because a kid either wants something or doesn't want something.
In pagan tales devil is a trickster, not good nor evil, tales revolve around person's duties, adventures and contact with a wild world
By the time I came in, she was talking to this tan, kind of southern european/middle eastern looking girl
Significant chunk of supermarket workers are students.
Polish-Lithuanian-Ukrainian brigade reaches full operational capability: report
There are thousands of them here.
Maybe you are using a wifi
Holy shit, what de-populating disease is affecting Latvia and Lithuania but spared Estonia?
Smartphone: [ – Shanghai World Financial Center and Jin Mao Tower captured by myself last summer
Maybe we're neighbors, that would explain it.
Europe
I think the closest would be f. I heard Germans often substitue z instead of th
Same with Sanskrit and old Greek
I'd say for women it's Ona (or Onutė) is a more relatable name for the older generation and not popular among young people
Yes, mend ties between Crimea and Russia.
Quite surprised with saaremaa being green.
Wasn't as much stealing, at the time Poles wanted to give us the whole language we just didn't take it.
Saaaame
Sure, but it's not a certainty
Had a banquet a few weeks ago
It's cooking not chemistry unless you're cooking meth it really shouldn't matter if you set the oven to 178 or 183.
People fleeing persecution is a completely different argument
They are AFAIK ethnically Russian, Soviet-born Lithuanians (and Estonians, Latvians).
What about simple wage growth
Lithuania- They try to steal Mickiewicz
We had high hopes in the 90s that they will become a friendly democratic country, but unfortunately they didn't, our relationship has been continuously deteriorating since.
New street looks good and is very more comfortable
Is that a risk you want to take?
Yet you have armed gangs shooting each other up in the streets with heavy machineguns.
[Germany.]ė#/media/File:Lietuvos_kariuomene_1938.Army_of_Lithuania_in1938.jpg)
), generally nothing happens there
* 1940 Soviet occupation and illegal annexation
That should be adopted by more countries
It's about the level of fake information that the Russians are feeding their own citizens.
• dygliakiaulė ( a spiky pig) - porcupine
Wow ok
Nostalgia for Commonwelth intensifies!
Also non is eastern europe (you could make a case for Estonia and Lithuania, but not for Slovenia)
And people like you will continue to look for convenience in the face of truth.
Masks and distancing works, just like it worked here, the rest of Europe, Canada, Asia, etc
Oookayyy
But the situation is sticky since our constitution needs to be changed.
3] and [47
Its a thing in Lithuania
The US is a good ally of Europe that cooperates with Europe on more than one front.
Probably the flag of the [Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic] Though I'm pretty sure most people born after 1990 don't even know what it looked like
Acceptance of other sexualities, other races
English is mandatory foreign language.
[Discussion] If Putin can invade Ukraine whilst Obama is in power, what will his limit be with Trump in power?
Linas Linkevicius, Foreign Minister of Lithuania on BBC Hardtalk
Chichester: Blackwell
• šoklys ( jumper ) - dipodid or jerboa (  jumping rodent)
"How are these berries called
the number doesn't have a country code.
Benefits seem intriguing but what are the drawbacks to it?
rylį? vį hev a breik diūring spring taim of tių vyks ai belyv
this is my rather simplistic understanding
I took science for the first three years, which alternated between 40 minutes one day and 80 minutes the next day, but didn't take it in my final year
It lacks more specific information, but currently i don't need such information, so i am quite satisfied with lithuanian version
Yet we're still terribly alone.
That's exactly what I mean, names are just regular everyday words that someone decided to use
I hate how America exports political correctness.
Buy a flat in the skyscraper, extra sunlight!
Is that really the argument you're going to make ?
It highly depends on the teacher but both subjects are notorious for not being very serious
Hell, we're not even nordic
Lithuania absorbed a lot of former Kievan Rus territories and claimed whole Russia as well.
Home of the world's first steelworking machine of a non-traditional sexual orientation, Ivan Dulin
I mean, if you take a look at pre-Putin Russia it was a god damned mess.
That's beautifully put
Maybe Poland would take the Western part of Kaliningrad Oblast and Lithuania the Eastern
It is recognized, but that's about it.
It's also theorised, that Romans were the ones that first introduced lithuanians to agriculture, in exchange for amber
Amazon EU should be a thing by now.
Actually, no
Oh you know, doing my daily training on how to[ march towards Poland] nothing special.
In the past, sure
Number 2 was actually colonies held by the Curonians, although it could be argued they were a vassal of Lithuania so the PLC indirectly did have colonies
As always
Poruhane rypadło - CZ broken excavator, PL Fucked  excavator
Most people would raise their flags with or without a fine anyway, this is just some additional motivation.
What is your reasoning for this ?
Is this the same Marine Corps General?
Well we do trust the EU more cause our government is shit
I would be more concerned if they made up stories.
But you absolutely can have a firearm on you for the purpose of self defense
-Einu sėst ant sosto galvot apie gyvenimą (Aei-nuh saesst ahnt sos-toh gall-vhot apee-eh ghee-veh-nih-maah), which means "I am going to sit on the throne and think about life".
Speeding fines are tiny and insignificant, so nobody really cares about these limits
Its quite complicated but the demographics bomb is already in place and all of you are looking at it with a smile on your face.
Actually Lithuanian language is tightly tied with sanskrit
5%. Look how well 1950s Russian gifts of land are working out for Ukraine
000 confirmed kills just from archives alone (deaths, where the person was not deported, but just brought to a mass grave and shot, like [Kurapaty] And of course, there were \~1
i would definitely recommend greece in that time of year.
Mummified remains of a child who lived in 17th-century Lithuania yield oldest smallpox DNA known
I heard Lithuanian are pretty hard to learn because it's so different from my native belarusian (or any other slavic language), but I will try to learn it if I actually someday can immigrate to Lithuania.
Although that's a horrible thing for an economy, it's a bit easier to find a good paying job
But from high school curriculum the start is at 6th (~12 y/o) grade where students get to learn about differences between males and females, a little bit about development of foetus
:))) It would be funny if it weren't depressing
normal calm people, look like workaholics
I disagree on the term colonialism used, but Polish Kingdom was definitely imperialistic - Ukrainians, Lithuanians, Russians and Belarusians
Lithuania was the last country in europe to be baptised
Nah, the mentality of soviet relics is anti-gay, the mentality of religious nuts who got their freedom from soviets is also anti-gay
Same here
The Lithuanian-Polish Commonwealth was into space while everyone was playing on their rafts!
I wasn't sarcastic tho
The forest of Gods by Balys Sruoga
I think That was main reason he was appointed.
Yes, people will continue to die.
Anyways, how did a Lithuanian end up serving Wehrmacht?
* Lithuanian guerrilla war against the Soviets 1944-1953
• kiškis ( in Russian it sounds the same as a word "guts") - bunny
Nice
I know a Lithuanian who loves monkey brains..
Every couple of years there will be announcment that constructions will end at year X but they never end it
When you open up an electronics store's website you get flooded with them ^^
Hope Senpai notices [us]ė#/media/File:Lietuvos_kariuomene_1938.Army_of_Lithuania_in1938.jpg).
Kūjis for big hammer sounds kind of cool(ū is oo in doom, j is y in yes, i as i in dim, so something like cooyis)
More crucial for Uk than EU I think
My godparents do it a lot with bigger stuff.
People don't really care for either, so, they just simply choose the one where there's less work to do, but all we really do(even at an advanced gymnasium) is watch random movies and don't really grasp the aspects of religion or ethics at all.
I mean, it gets cold and rainy/snowy.
I've no idea what the curriculum was before me or is now
So you're saying I should plan a trip to Lithuania to visit friends there around this time next year?
Anyway the difference between Latvia and Lithuania is that while Latvia was under German rule (up until XX century), Lithuania managed to have a country of its own.
There's little to disagree with in the video.
For example for me as Slovak it would be impossible to tell apart Latvian from Lithuanian speaking English when I have heard only few times Lithuanian or Latvian languages so there is no way I would be able to see/hear differences in English between them.
I'm half polish, half lithuanian
For me Vitkauskas
Threat of extreme harm or death - blast away
We never hated Russians, we hate the Russian government and their brainwashed lackey army
Did I step on that British nationalism
And that everything will get more expensive
I don't mind to be honest
It's not as simple as one might think
I understand some of it but can't speak myself.
Atleast in my country again, but those things are quite similar.
That's good enough for me
Also, it means something like "turning of the sun" because the summer solstice is also called "vasaros saulėgrįža". By the way, the Lithuanian word for Christmas is "Kalėdos".
That's about it
[Here's ] the wikipedia article about it
To this day I have no clue what he said.
I can ask them to repeat what they've said like 5 times and still not get it
"Your honor, the witness is a dick and influenced by someone with a grudge, thus he should not be believed when saying he clearly saw the defendant violantly beating the victim"
Thanks
Forcing multiculturalism just for the sake of multiculturalism is moronic and also impossible for Lithuania at the moment, well, unless you'd bring people from the poorest corners of the world.
Lithuanians don't hate Poles, only biased ones do.
In general it's perceived negatively
Now our family is mostly based in Rhode Island
The only one who didn't was a priest in a Ferrari
Latvian vocabulary is more modern, Lithuanian is more classical/archaic.
At last you should take some responsibility for this
There definitely are some polluted places, but they are isolated and rare.
I dont really see a problem there
Imagine you have a lot of documents (both physical and digital) from 5 years range and you need specific document that came in specific day.
No, never the persons fault for being raped, however precautions can be taken to lower the likelihood of something happening
If you lived anywhere neighbouring russia, you would have felt like this decades before 2014
And that everything will get more expensive
Anyone can legally say they hate the Jews or whoever else, wtf.
That was a strange claim to hear...
> Greece’s economy is thoroughly fucked all throughout the whole country
I loved it
Looking forward to the Lithuanian video.
They're private, so the workers are actually qualified and well paid
Nobody is saying that Lithuanians are better than Russians.
Grammatically speaking it's highly conservative and preserves a number of features lost in most modern Indo-European languages and found in Sanskrit or Ancient Greek.
It's the thing that makes the clouds brighter.
* De facto two locative cases: inessive and illative
Yea, the dumb media is full of segments about this.
Yes, you are wrong, Estonia is independent since 1918.
Mathematicians (especially statistics, data) can earn as much if not more i guess
They have very close ties to Russia.
Translator or just anything with English :)
Aistija, duh
Gotta read how its written and how its meant to be understood, not reading between the lines
How about just developing and trading like normal, neutral countries, with no imperialistic ambitions?
so it is in central northeast
What
Ticket to Vilnius (100 km) from here  (Kaunas) costs 2,28 € with both my discounts applied
Apparently this music is trying to win a Lithuanian Eurovision contest and go to main final.
I want my country to be the best and it can do that while in EU
As I had free last evening in Košice (SK), I took a train to Miskolc in Hungary, as I had never been there before, took a 1 h walk in the city and then returned back to the last train to Slovakia as my flight from Košice was in the very early morning
Thank you for subscribing to Kremlin facts.
Yeah hes cool
you are speaking to a Lithuanian, every single time we won our freedom was when we had not a single gun and stood against tanks, don't need weapons to defend your freedom.
This combined with the fact that they were both talking in English made me think that this girl was a foreigner of some sort
Mindaugas was a cool dude so it's understandable.
Char 2 the peasant:
Especially when if you tried to fix the country you would get branded as Gullenist and put to jail.
Ok this is I think second or third comment talking about Dutch eating people, is everything alright down there
That's more of your fault than anything
The sun always gives me a headache, I sweat like a pig and sleeping with the balcony open doesn't even help because I have a bunk style bed which means that all the heat just comes up and melts me in my sleep
Then all the gaming happens in the evening, so I'd need to rent a place to stay, which won't be very cheap in the capital
Does it go to rome
The power balance exists when the President wants so (like Grybauskaitė)
I wonder how Russia missed tanks rolling from Russia towards Mariupol in 2014
Latvia, afterwards Estonia and a bit of Poland.
If you wish to have a great culinary experience - book Sweetroot restaurant in Vilnius well in advance
real tears start at 1€ vodkas
The subject of the photo is a young boy who has recently joined the [Soviet pioneer organization] the title "Pioneer"), it was taken in 1964 September 1st (which is the start of a school year)
Romanians are all dirty beggars.
Nice tradition you got there
Didn't really work well for him and I think from that point on he quite despised nobility
[Baltasis Kiras - Mano Draugai] (My Friends)
even later Lithuania had the first constitution in Europe
2009 - Grybauskaitė won on the first round, she got over 69% of the votes from a list of 7 candidates, so there wasn't even a 1v1 scenario
* Martynas Mažvydas (author of the first Lithuanian book)
am I supposed to step back to my family history or just some creative writing
Mikalojus Konstantinas Čiurlionis (the most renowned Lithuanian painter and composer)
There was already referendum and was majority of citizens of Belarusia voted to join Holy Polish Motherland aka commonwealth v 2.0.
It's only for Lithuanians, I think
and they pack bananas in plastic
Runners - bėgikai, not bėgiojantys),
Would be a shame to miss some local genocidal wars :) But still stream it anyways (and upload it to youtube after its done)
Something like a leave/remain one followed by more integration/same integration or soft brexit/hard brexit afterwards.
I don't think these geographical boundaries are in any way controversial, they were rightful german lands at the time of the composition of the words
German, Belgian troops arrive in Lithuania as part of NATO deployment
But times change, so do politics.
I'll wear that as a badge of honour
yes
You see "join the army" posters all over the place, military convoys driving around in the cities and the countryside, young guys in uniforms walking around, random military training operations in the middle of the night are becoming more frequent and so on.
Well we were just talking about most likely scenarios
Actually the real invaders were Sweden, Russia, Germany and Turkey edit: austria, slovakia, Romania/Moldova too but they didn't literally rushed through our country and left ruins
Well a part of history that shaped a generation.
But in general they are needed now to Europe
I hate when prices are 〇〇,99, and you get 1 cent as exchange
I also took classes like psychology, sociology, art, graphic design, art history, politics, children's literature, countercultural studies, photography, stocks/investing, and criminal law, but those all lasted for either only a year or half a year because they were just electives not main subjects
you're literally from Turkey
Germany is dominating in Europe
Then its stressful and may result in undesired pooping your pants
We lithuanians are white as our white bread, not paper
To be fair Polish name should come first as it was a kingdom and we were just dutchy (a grand one!).
In this map, Vilnius belongs to Poland.
But we don't hear of any of his opponents during that dictatorship, at least not at school
Builders quite quickly with it took care
They live in the past, and need to ship them some pineapple before the gayness overtakes their country.
One Lithuanian sociologist wrote a monograph that includes exploring two different scenarios of how Lithuania would have ended up if not for the Soviet occupation
What are those crossed-off marks on the EU on the scenes with the Czech Republic, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania?
Any plans regarding the politicians who are stealing your money, according to my Lithuanian friend?
I was surprised to see a big poster advertising clothes with black models here in Lithuania.
Lithuanian flag history is very long and complicated.
Lithuania also sent a letter demanding for fair and free election and for Belarus stop the violence against its people peaceful protest
Do they not have many trains in Lithuania?
Very intelligent, very business and scirnce oriented
I'm talking about our own pro-Commie people (e.g.
Jamon pronounced Hamon is a breathing technique that can make electric like currents
Probably slightly worse than America being run by Trump's overlord Putin.
[if we would believe in CGP grey then someone similar to Putin will be in power]
Just 6 month long autumn
If we hung out at their place, they always made food and made me feel at home
Pronounciation between Latvian and Lithuanian is just too different as well
haven't seen a normal winter in  years
I was told in school that Stanisław August Poniatowski, Tadeusz Kościuszko, Adam Mickiewicz were lithuanians
My paternal line starts around 200 years ago when my ancestor immigrated from another country, which is about as interesting as it gets in Lithuania.
There are 20 apartments in their entrance so I think it kinda makes sense to get to know everyone at least slightly over 30 years
How dare you to barge into his echo chamber?
Hungary - Vengrija
That is what I meant
Wait a week and start submitting one by one.
And we still hate Russia
Калининградская область) + northern part of modern Poland.
Or you could just be specific and say that it’s home to sharia zones
He discovered that the inertia of an object is directly proportional to its energy content, with the proportionality factor being 1/c^2, where c is the speed of light
Ohh
There are interesting rock formations in the Chełmy landscape park, basalt rocks that are just sticking out there in rolling hills, pretty far from any mountains
One more time: it's not scientific map but a joke.
'Provincija' is Lithuanian word for 'province'.
You don't even have currency yet.
Didn't even knew we export it
I just wanted a quick rundown of this.
Even by his own spoken words Lithuanians were to consider part of the master race.
Yeah, Vilnius is Lithuanian city and Poles are best allies, not enemies
* Gediminas (founder of Vilnius, capital of Lithuania)
To me 20-22 is perfect, warm enough that I could walk around naked if I wanted to and cool enough that it doesn't disturb my sleep.
We usually make fun of cringiest moments of everyday life
They'd be rather pleased I assume
By the way, source for that info ?
Active/passive beach areas are clothed, well you know what I mean
Liberum veto or I do not allow meant that only one MP could end current meeting of parlament (sejm) and nullify everything agreed on.
Nature in those countries is amazing, just don't go there in autumn or early spring, when it's all grey.
* wich religion will be predominant
just basic awareness of things besides hyper-capitalism
The multilingualism in the community makes for interesting situations though, like how the Jews of Istanbul still speak a Spanish dialect from the South at home, a dialect from pre-1493.
Oh man they will hang on
Not many left in Lithuania parliament
With love from your Lithuanian friend.
Also he said he is the guy who Erdogan is suing, is he also the guy who made a joke video showing Greek finance minister (or was he PM) showing middle finger to Germans?
I wonder how much would train or even a bus would cost.
Sabas is not more famous as other ones?
They gave large privileges to nobles for electing them and pursued not really well thought imperalistic politics on all fronts (Bohemia, Hungary, Russia, Baltics, Russia, Ottomans).
Big no no
Mountains
Even the ones down under got on the list
Sure, but since we are talking about poor people they don't usually get to have much money sitting in their bank account
My country does not have it, but I would say that because it is mostly useless and serves mostly as (expensive) ceremonial thing or a tourist trap
Exactly, a buffer state, therefore it is not worth it to occupy it
Pretty sure the Basketball is the most important Lithuanian national symbol.
"Altorių šešėly" (In the Shadow of Altars) dramatic take on the thoughts and doubts of a priest
People in vilnius county, *especially* minorities, do not do that
They lose consciousness very quickly.
I slept in Hotel Ukraina in Maidan around which dosens of people were killed in turn of 2013/2014
And this was during the Greek finacial crisis
That's my bad, I figured our government sent that money to the government of Israel so they could find people with Lithuanian ancestry living there and distribute the money among them.
Yeah but we don't really have to care what they will think.
What qualifications are necessary to find a job
Something, something Republic of Central Lithuania.
It's probably the most competitive in terms of price, and it's generally viewed as a better employer than other chains
It's just Austrian history leading to WWI
Well, of course there are lots of people that don't mind logos, but I think in general, if people are given a choice between a shirt with a logo, or the same exact shirt, just without the logo, most would choose the logo-less variant
Vilnius TV Tower: one of the biggest symbols of Vilnius and whole Lithuania
And in that Poles and Czechs and Hungarians and even Latvians, Lithuanians and Estonians and Croats were all very close to Germany culturally and certainly closer than any relationship Germany had with the US, which itself is a product of the Cold War.
But I don't consider that cold, for me anything below -10 is cold which almost doesn't happen anymore
This could lead voters starting to question if their country should be in NATO if other members show hostility towards them.
Most of Jewish Lithuanians were supportive of Soviet occupation.
Happy independence day neighbours!
In Lithuania, pessimism is realism.
Government needs to just blame west for all the problems and people will be happy.
And we shouldn't care what Russian government says
Rarely police patrols are issued assault rifles
As a person who lives in Poland, old town Kraków is definitely worth seeing
[Lukas & Virgilijus Noreika - Laikas] (Time)
One more reason to visit beautiful northert old town of Vilnius in Lithuania :) baltic states are beautiful!
Kind Regards
Hi, my name is John
In about a decade from now there won't really be a Lithuania left.
In some cases they must come to the police office to check in every day
why though
Yeah I think we have a really good solution, our skyscrapers are north of the old town so no sun blocking (and quite a big gap between old town and business center) and also business center is at lower point than most of northern side so still not that bad on the skyline.
Is making fools of ourselves to be called ''Nordic'' worth losing our unique identity over?
During this time people tend to spend free time in malls by going to restaurants and cafes
Not listed there, but "laivas" (apparently a boat/ship in Lithuanian) is "laiva" in Finnish.
For example - black people in folk dress could be a way to symbolise a product which infuses modernity, Western living with traditional Lithuanian (Latvian) life.
Its not even that much left, under a decade.
great things comes from russia - alcohol and guns.
Didn't you hear about how tolerant and progressive snd nice to their slaves they were?
Not going to bother, reading your other comments gives me more than enough negative impression, no matter how many facts you are given you're still shitting more of that crap.
You are not following news it seems.
For Example, "Suo valge kate" and "Kate valge suo" both mean "Dog ate cat", but if I translate each word individually I would get
This is cultural proxomity biased map though
Hence me only mentioning poland.
Or because of the fact that you named it so it would be impossible to pronounce for us :D
Please don’t do it
(There is a third one, but I forgot the name of it)
I'll try to list the references (left to right):
Educated people from India or Israel are not whined about.
Which makes the Baltics the taint
And for the life of me I can't pronounce thirty three without making it sound so bad I can't understand what I'm saying myself
Maybe another problem is lack of handicap access
Malta WTF
* Brezhnev's rule, stagnation
Clinton is a bit shady, I get it, but Trump has an intelligence of a freaking 4 year old and keeps saying retarded stuff on a daily basis.
The Soviets didn't care and either crushed people with tanks/shot at completely unarmed people just to get through
US definitions of democrats and conservatives (and liberals) are severely fucked up
It rains here, as in the Netherlands I suppose
I spent a week in Alytus some years ago as a part of a project associated with Erasmus called "Comenius".
“They’re scared to death of Russia,” Gen.
Return Russia to Poland-Lithuania.
People find new friends, get married and have kids
Finland independent, but Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are not.
[The ”Little Mole and Mother” book tho]
Amazing
Yes you're out, but not completely out.
And when leaving Prague the plane was late 2h so connecting flight lost our baggage
Seriously
Marcinkonys village, Lithuania (with translation)
(from day to day life) I have seen several trucks from Kyrgyzstan, I instantly googled how far it is, and it's far enough to be surprised to see it in Europe
Šiaip durnos mintys į galva eina
So most people do indeed make that.
He makes the assertion that circumcision is to be decided by the person it is to be performed on.
How to change money in Lithuania per 100 years!
Sure kids might have done power point in school, but if they don't practice those skills a lot and are not computer savy, then skills will degrade over time
29€)
From some pictures I would have guessed that it was done at times close to dawn so that is probably only time that there are no people.
One book page about Holocaust, another about Stalin's gulags another one in Poland invasion
Of course it was, but then again so was being "French", "German" or especially "Lithuanian".
We mostly imagine you guys wearing shorts, sandals and black socks
Down voting and not commenting pretty sure makes it look like Kremlin pawns are doing their job.
All i know that many of you speak french and are muslim
Although that's a horrible thing for an economy, it's a bit easier to find a good paying job
Speak positively about Soviet Union, Communism or tell that 'Soviets liberated Lithuania'.
what are the chances of with Merkel and Schäuble agreeing among themselves to this?
I get the idea but it would be hard to implement
Ive been missing them very much
Hopefully cultures can be reconciled and we stop looking at each other like we're foreign
ikr, you'd expect us to be biggest fans of Europe, what with all our pick-ups and cowgirls
How many times in a row can she take the seat?
NATO should have a strong presence in Lithuania.
We had no official written stuff in lithuanian untill 1547 (was ruthenian aka old rus, latin or polish up to that point)
* Doubling of military budget to catch up with the 2% of GDP pledge
Crazy stuff
Russian government resettling program existed long before those leaflets appeared (if that really happened).
Edit: Damn, this sparked a HUUUGE Discussion
Poland technically wasn't in USSR so even from those times Latvia and Lithuania pretty much shared a "border" instead of a border.
Pagalvok dar kartą, laumės vaiki.
PFFFFFF
If we were to get a controlled system that managed the drug ring in schools it would be amazing
But you know, everyone already understands everyone via English/Russian/local languages (borderland people), there are no visas, no border control, same currency, allied miltaries
I can't even begin to imagine how to unfuck our schools.
Maybe Poland would take the Western part of Kaliningrad Oblast and Lithuania the Eastern
Another issue it the sources, the first source is literally a webpage from argentinian military (it's titled as "why the Islas Malvinas should belong to Argentina")
In Lithuanian Venezia is Venecija, so pretty close
Scored Menshevik Defensists, got to google about that...
For me is pleasurable to get acquainted
Here is a case I linked elsewhere on this thread:  A man shot 4 unarmed attackers while not sober, one of them died, and it was ruled justified self defense
every year I can't celebrate Fastnacht I die a little more inside
Red, placed at the bottom symbolizes communism that we've left in the past so we could smoke weed and make shekels.
I still have a 0
28 in lapland
After moving to Kraków she had to give up some behaviours, and didn't like the city itself
We've had a few road-trips to Germany, Scotland, Switzerland, etc
It's pretty depressing though, especially when people go to work while it is still dark and return home when it's dark already (it is already pitch black by 5pm)
Latvia
The State of Lithuania shall be an independent democratic republic
And even now this moment you have such government
As a communist (not the Stalin type, the rational kind)
Also nobody I know keeps them in a 0° zone
If your handicap the old city is not your friend at times
Ending of such surname does not reveal any belonging, place or affiliation
At least we're the best at something.
You cant even buy midus anywhere and its hard to find people who have tried it, I have heard its more popular in Latvia though
The currently accepted narrative is that the Balts formed from Indo-European tribes that arrived to the Eastern Baltic in 3000 BC and mixed with the local inhabitants, but there are alternative versions to the theory.
A fucking nanny state is what this new govt has turned us into.
They have mostly the same last names.
And in weird places too, like when I went into the shop to get cat food one time
Article 1:
Adorn their horns with sexy lace when their master is angry?
Srsl what happened with this comment section, so many downvoted comments
The Baltic Sea is the source for the name of the region around it
Poland: Commonwealth is back, baby
Also written Lithuanian was very immature so no wonders he wrote in Polish.
If you're from a country that allows it, do you like it
I miss it of course, but visiting often (pre-covid) having close relationship with family, friends and keeping up with Lithuanian news/media really help to still feel connected
In pagan tales devil is a trickster, not good nor evil, tales revolve around person's duties, adventures and contact with a wild world
Yeah, give soviets a centimeter and they take a kilometer
Islsmists were triggered by some old cartoons
390 years ago (28th November, 1627) the biggest sea battle of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth against Sweden took place.
Also their minority died when Kaliningrad sunk to the sea (they had no visas so they couldn't cross the border to Poland, basic science really)
If the surname has Muslim vibes, the person can be from or has origins from the Tatar villages
It does, but in my area, people also use the word as a synonim for "kūjis". It makes sense, plaktukas id a diminutive after all
I went there recently, locals said that it will probably never be finished
paštu) and use gmail only when I want to specify the use of my personal male rather than work/school/uni mail
Even if we agree that The Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth was some major European power, and it was not, it was strong country during that period an nothing more.
I guess that none
No one is stopping him from buying it
Recent military calculations made an estimation that for 2019 conscription plan (potential) there SHOULD BE 16.500 people.
(that mostly applies to Latvia and Poland).
So a [huge] multicultural feudal state where socioeconomic position and religgion matters (and not your nationality) is the same as [a much smaller] nation-state...
And also you are likely to own something made by Apple or Microsoft or Google
I personally didn't learn much about soviet rule from history classes
My girlfriend grew up in Lithuania, can confirm, she's a real nazi sometimes.
Poland
Driving through Europe by car from Lithuania to France/Italy/Austria
I salute you for the fact that you had 666 at the end there
Which ones
European doesn't really make us "poor country".
a tricky subject), others
They're quite cool
It would be interesting to know how, when and why the Finns associated Baltic sauna to peasants.
Wives aren't independent either.
Lithuania:
Frites
That's awesome, but aren't we free for just about 30 years now from Soviet Union
Sheepshaging or something else?
Imo, oceania is an artificial region, like europe, not a continent
I will go back to my wartorn country, pff...war is better than some Baltic country!" - Some 'war' refugee in Lithuania
Seriously
There was a period of time, and it still happens sometimes, where the option wouldn't change anything, but now it works fine.
Mandatory military conscription
You should stop asking why and start asking why not
So it is indeed a get out of jail card for those rich enough
There was no such thing at that time
Stupid laws work in stupid ways.
But we have potatoes all winter.
Any time the sea ices over, so does the sea access to Kaliningrad.
One gets oil, another gets to keep its military in the region
Also, it’s just one moment
and the EU's actions against her just support that narrative.
I don't think anybody would care
My sister lives in Ardea, near Rome, and her water supply is practically mineral water
From where you are
In Klaipeda:
Germany – they're not a threat anymore
Panda your shift to blame Israel for its atrocities is whataboutism as well.
Since independence, however, Lithuania’s prosecutor general has restricted access to Noreika’s wartime files.
Went to a water park in Ventspils, Latvia I believe?
According to wikipedia there was a difference back then.
I guess it's similar to Swedish meatballs, cheap frozen mass-produced food that's easy to prepare
A family that owns their share of a building is interested in its maintenance, but renters are not
Just so you know it is estimated that the observable universe contains "only" 10^80 atoms
Mankind
Billy-goat in Lithuanian and ram in Russian
As of right now, moths and mosquitoes.
we say shule instead of school everytime
Who owns the domain, who writes, look up writers (are they real people), trafic, follow the money around websites, check who it benefits the most and so on...
By US standards I doubt that even all Europeans would pass as "white".
Or from Lithuanian perspective mass suicide.
I moved back home over a month ago and there’s an obvious struggle to retrieve some words
Its a first time I hear anyone boiling water in a microwave.
Latvian generally doesn't have words ending in **-as** (except in some grammatical cases iirc).
Serbian folk music sounds oriental/Turkish.
Home maintenance lessons are woodworking, metalworking, minor repairs, outdoors work for boys, cooking, sweing, stitching for girls
Japan or China would be interesting, but only for a short time, no more than a couple years.
During renaissance, lithuania had a fairly relaxed and not strict law compared to other countries at the time
Its interesting how Finland has highest depression rate and Lithuania has highest suicide rate.
Now they are real headache for owners because of bad planing (big hallways, massive staircases, too many rooms) and sub par thermal isolation they cost a ton to heat them during cold periods of the year.
It is too early to say that positive change has happened
That "Polish minority mistreatment" is nothing more but over blown bubble.
Only then we will be actually able to make some progress and agreements?
Also the word "partly" is doing a lot of heavy lifting here
Good luck with that, Scotland
No clue what the rest are doing in there
Still, would be interesting to see, because, really, it's hard to believe that these people would exist.
Top 10 Anime Twists of 2018
I'm extremely interested in architecture and urban developments so I'm living in a dream-like state right now.
They would be put back to European civilisation
How to get length of Sprindis
For Poland poor means not being able of paying rent, for Lithuania can be not being afford to buy whole food ration.
Maby it's cultural thing and the way of thinking.
Also common function of scarfs around hair (males and females) is to protect yourself from lice
In Lithuanian it's voverė :)
Keikti
>Latvia should be Litva
I've searched for lithuanian beer synonims and these ar all that came up: Putokšlis, Miežienis, Gira, Birbalas, Birzgalas, Bizalas, Bizalakas, Pirmalakas, Pirmokas, Pirmašakis, Antralakas, Antrokas, Antrašakis
Self defence is more important than target shooting.
It has nothing to do with Orthodox lands, Warsaw Confederation and Grand Duchy of Lithuania being ruled by pagan nobility was real proponent why it was tolerant compare to European counter parts.
Sorry for your loss
Would you say there are Swedish-speakers in Finland who cannot speak Finnish at all
He not wrong
Sure kids might have done power point in school, but if they don't practice those skills a lot and are not computer savy, then skills will degrade over time
The leader owns a massive corporation that imports nasty chemicals and fertilizers from Russia and he drives an Escalade
> how this country should be called
I believe my great grandfather came over.
45 class, 10 min breaks between classes, with two mid-day breaks of 25-30 mins to eat
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
But we bypass it by going to Latvia or Poland
So I find "joining" an offensive word.
Although economically that Golden Age is yet to come.
I would definitely go to Baltics or Poland for cheap studies, we aren't that scary and trust me IT'S CHEAP here, compared to any other EU country.
It is not easy to catch up after 45 years of inefficient governing.
I think it is quite interesting
As if we would participate in that
None, really
Well I live in a pretty old city
If you would cut a loaf in half - te side which you just cut
We also do that in lithuania
Rest can spent in nearby Klaipėda
For example, one time they just drove their cars around the school stadium
Look, when my country Lithuania joined EU in 2004 we joined a trading block with few more benefits, not a new world's order who will dictate to me what is good and bad.
I'm assuming you meant to say that Lithuanian is one of the more archaic languages in the Indo-European family
You might still be connected to the internet via WiFi and you can't be sure that your phone does not connect to the tower without a sim card, actually it still probably does because you can call emergency numbers without a sim card.
They will be using plastic that was already used for something else.
Say I want to go downtown to have a coffee - I can walk to get some exercise, halfway there I might want to hurry up so I hop on an escooter
"So, what's your secret
*The concept arose after the failed January Uprising of 1863, taking the form of an administrative order in 1864, and was not lifted until 24 April 1904
We don't have the th sound in lithuanian, so I used what a native lithuanian without english knowlege would pronounce
Also suicides have been romanized in our culture for ages
Nah, you're too far west for tornado alley.
But having Chechnya under control is important for a lot of things.
Congratulations Estonia
I'll try to find the link when I'm back home.
\- I have a radical new idea
I asked, "did you paint your lounge in the colors of Lithuania flag", they did and didn't even realize they had..it was there fucking lounge with with 3 different painted wall colours.
They taught us just as you'd imagine, there was no bias from the teachers (although all of the teachers that I was taught by did say they "didn't prefer" the Soviet rule)
You do realize Hitler wanted Lithuania as an ally?
* Brezhnev's rule, stagnation
Wow, that's absolutely amazing from the states, doing all of that so quickly.
Im surprised nobody mentionet this yet:
Not a literary character, but I remember on an old F1 game (probably on PS1), with Russian language on, driver's name changed from Button to Кнопка (i.e. a button that you press)
Not in my surroundings at least
IT, finance, engineering (mainly mechanical design)
The mess that US left there makes it easier for stupid ideas to spread, but quite a lot of European countries did also take part in it so they also must share the burden on blame
Religion explanation makes sense, they are the legendary cock blockers.
Both of them are hard according to my English and American friends
Geeez to much British influence/ jk Also whats up with Baltic borders in that map?
I really do
We eat salted salmon (yes, not smoked, salted)
Freezing (uncomfortable): < -16
Russian - Священная Римская Империя
Also - please don't visit NYC any time other than April/May
In quite a few post colonial societies, you'd find this thing called "whiteness", and that's about the only thing that actually comes close to a "European" identity
More like 26-28
And what I talked about was not feminist spaces, but "socialist" spaces which sorely need outside perspectives
The only countries that Russophilia won't work are Poland, Ukraine, Lithuania, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Finland.
Iš kur esate / esi
What policies according to you we say that we oppose?
I started hating most pop artists
You won't be going all rambo with a five shot snubbie revolver.
I mean I would show it but I would like totally get banned so just trust me
Nothing, literally nothing can be done otherwise
Me and my brother speak with our parents in lithuanian.
Most of the panes where designed to train pilots, but there where also scout planes and even light bombers
My point it, there was a time when someone decided to use that name as their kid's name for the very first time
These military exercises is not even a major topic in Lithuania.
I still have and use Yahoo account from early days
Sure, the coutry did progress over the past two decades, but it's still a long way to go, to call the country advanced, compared to other EU countries
>THE LITHUANIAN NATION
Are we seriously the only one out of three with no snow?
Over the years they mixed with the local Lithuanians and this dialect was formed.
and considering that English is already the lingua franca of Europe, that'd only enable me to speak with Germans who never bothered to learn English or to understand an SPD candidate sucking up to his fanboys, sorry but I really don't care about either of these.
Yea
Well it is partially due to that is one of the few ways they know how to deal with recession.
You were at your biggest only when you and Lithuania made a colab :)
Or she calls kids and teens (including me and my brother) "lėliukas" it means little baby lol
If those waiters hadn't spit in their food before, they definitely did after
Whats wrong with pasta and ketchup?
The more you watch it the better it gets.
latex is expensive even these days
In European union sense
Because they are centrista and moderate respecting for the most part the rule of law and market rules.You just have to look at the countries where they have had influence (Lithuania,Austria,Germany)to see that they have no problem with accepting international treaties,NATO,private property..
I see that Lithuania tag lol
Gray is fine, as long as it looks clean and fresh.
Every couple of years there will be announcment that constructions will end at year X but they never end it
Khrushchev let deported people come back, but Commie lapdog that ruled LSSR did not allowed them to come back, mostly because they might ignite another resistance war.
People usually get the rulers they deserve
Nice to meet you
How come the baltics and Croatia are not devided into any regions
But sour cream
sorry, I thought you said psychological, not physical abuse.
She's not the French MEPs, nor is she the French representative in the Commission.
I agreed to the first statement, which stated that Lithuania's population has been decreasing for the past 3 decades
Germany invaded ussr for its great farmlands
I personally am afraid of Muslims, because obvious.
But Beograd was nice
> Rysk soptunna (Russian garbage can)
Even smaller country - Lithuania - checking in with 23k people leaving in the first half of 2016 alone (no data for the second part of the year, but should be more or less the same).
There aren't many here, in Lithuania, either, so no one really bothers and racism is mostly non-existent (just like in the most part of Europe, I guess)
Aren't Hungarians/Slovaks/Czechs/Lithuanians/Latvians/Estonians treated more or less the same?
Assembly is often recommended, some times free
Never give up for your rights and liberties, but fight for them like your Ukrainian brother's and sisters did :)
000,99 € or 2 000,99 €.
Murcia Spain
Tap water only
They are protected by the carpathaniam mountains.
* Gediminas
Lithuanian flag in its natural environment
More likely to find it in restaurants as a snack for beer
I don't know if it's rude, but it would be kinda weird to talk about your wages unless everyone is talking about jobs
oddly enough, in the Baltics people generally don't shoot heroin or slit each other's throats in the middle of busy streets.
Im not good at history so thank u Latvia for being our best friends :) we really love yall over here <3
I've interacted with mostly Neo-Lithuania and RePublica.
What the fuck
It's the Alps, temperature varies wildly depending on elevation
I think the market will regulate itself.
Partly
Wife of Lithuania's biggest entertainment business shark Arunas Valinskas (almost as big, wealthy and important as any east european oligarch, but doesnt do shady stuff)
There is not a lot of what could be demolished at first place
On a bit different note: Your football fans are the worst.
I had a great opinion about the US when Obama was in charge (too young for Bush)
Shall we call Croatia Yugoslavia?
Both sponsored by Russian goverment and firms.
I'm WASP on my father's side and, I've found out, Lithuanian Jewish on my mom's side, and I gotta tell you, it's the WASPS who run things and screw people over.
I still can't forget ~10 years ago when some club went to play in Lithuania and these polish hooligans came with swords, machetes and other insane stuff
Why would they want to join Canada?
I really hope that the new dev is not a bald guy
Especially around Vilnius
this is where Polishfolk spawn and start their main questline
No one really understands them in Poland.
mesa - table in Spanish
Lets hope so, for your sake
The balts were known for the amber they collected and the jewlery they made from it
Then Lithuania is not cute but gorgeous.
Also lots of petrol stations all over the place
Something like comic sans (not sure hot to describe not cursive :D )
Like you said, you were bridge towards Western Europe and Bolsheviks were trying to get there and unified with the German and Middle European communist movements.
TL;DR: You can easily understand which region the speaker is from if they aren't trying to hide it.
Dont punish me with a life sentence for a silly mistake!
Easy to do propaganda when people are killing themselves to get out of middle east.
Alcohol cannot be advertised on TV before 23h.
After Báthory became King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania in 1576, Bekes reconciled with Báthory, becoming his close adviser.
Not to mention such things like Warsaw Confederation which was unique at that time - it gave people (obviously, mostly nobility) freedom of religion.
Vilnius TV Tower: one of the biggest symbols of Vilnius and whole Lithuania
Also - please don't visit NYC any time other than April/May
And thus it is ours national liquor
Yeah I wanted to write this
5 million is too low for stalin
Is it though
I'm more used to the $1.50 - $2.00 range.
We like to pretend that that is not Vilnius.
By indulge I mean these drinks are their food
Numbered streets are not at all a huge benefit or a drawback
Depression comes in different forms.
We have plenty of natural underground water
Not really, I don't think so
not really, quite a few of our letters can make the same sound depending on the word you write
I also saw the Chernobyl power plant from the plane
(Please read the following in Frozen tune) Do you want to build a rocket?
Its like moving out of your parents house, but at the same time inviting your old foreign friend to live with your parents, and that friend is going trough his crazy stage right now.
There's also some other towns that are nice, [Sventoji] & [Palanga] are probably the most popular seaside resort towns
Link:
I’m gettin crazy AHS: Coven vibes from this
SUrprised you don't have those in Norway
1) claiming that the requirement to speak the national language in special positions is oppression.
You could be ethnic Pole and be "Lithuanian" as well as ethnic Ruthenian and be "Crowner", or more likely "of Crown".
Its not like they will manage to do anything in one month if they slacked off for 4 years
There are Italians, and then there are Sicilians
I speak russian (which is a minority language in Lithuania)
So nice of you to shit on Kaunas for no reason whatsoever.
“Tarp pilkų debesų” (between the shades of grey) there’s both, Lithuanian and English versions
Although I'm wary of environmental predictions regarding climate change.
Joja Lietuviai
This person should be regarded as Belarusian (or at least Lithuanian in broader sense) and not Polish
Hi, so basically with Lithuania bringing back compulsory military service, I feel like it'd fuck up my life too much, I'm currently living in the UK and feel like a few years of it would mess up my life.
Then everyone will think that Vikings went there.
Although I liked the actual story, there is so much to read
15 - 20 normal, hoodie
Because that's like 3 extra german speaking countries where I can live
orang vs blu
Year 1 to 8 looked similar, it just started at 08:00
Lithuania likes everyone except Mordor
Latvia/Estonia
Old people (and especially old grandmas) genuinely don't give a fuck and they mostly eat a carbohydrate diet (pastas, porridges, potato dishes) which makes them balloon
If Trump goes public with his plans to withdraw troops (and it might happen knowing his twitter usage) this could lead to public infighting inside party that could lead to lost elections 4 years latter.
There's different suffixes, genders...
That said, I'd choose Western Europe for a first trip too.
If you know how to sneeze then you have Lithuanian covered too
Are there people who are born and raised in the same country that fully cannot communicate with each other due to the language differences
Including the economical problems
We only had like two separate days of snow actually staying on the ground this winter
The seaside has women's, men's and mixed nude beaches which are also mostly dominated by older people.
Oh god
That's why Lithuania bought/rented(kinda stupid decision but whatever) a LNG Carrier "Independance" to literally say fuck you to Russian as in "You won't pull us on that string anymore
Probably everyone in Lithuania has seen this photo in history books at school
I've been to ostrava and it was not great
Some times it does, but rarely
**COULD FEMINISM GIVE THE BRITISH PEOPLE SWINE FLU
I really dislike our [anthem
So that is where the secret CIA prison is!
Against: Bronis Ropė, Rolandas Paksas, Valdemar Tomasevski enough said, only weird that Uspaskich voted FOR.
"25 € is almost 87.5 Litas, quite a lot of money".
I went there last summer, it was amazing!
Yes, and then there was the Second World War, how about that.
They also supported industrialized murder of millions and a disastirious war that made their country from one of the strongest in Europe to the 5th strongest in Berlin.
School from 2nd grade and, well, I started using computer early (4-5 to)
The word for small hammer doesn’t sound cool at all - plaktukas
You know why anti-semitic propaganda was easily spread through Lithuania in 1941-1944?
And our military spending (Russian too)
Its a woman if i can wank to it
I'm 100% sure he'll be the first step to improve LGBT issue in our country
You might as well offer to say he will nuke them too, it's not going to happen.
My parents are really good friends with our Russian neighbours :)
not mitred architraves
We used to use firewood, never burned trash ever only paper and only if it wasn't the plastic kind of paper.
Except for this one older guy who came to me at the beach recently and advised me (in a friendly manner) to get a blood test because I'm probably lacking iron, since I'm so pale
It's fine now
Functionally there's two and a half.
Ah yes the pointless dickwaving that only includes Russia funding pet rebels in a EU aspiring country and breaking international treatys as part of which Ukraine gave up its nukes.
Hemp-man is said on wiki, but it's more like cannabian (made out of cannabis or hemp)
I bet our presidents were really happy to hear that they were responsible for the Yugoslav wars from Mister Trumpet
Guns must be stored in a metal or specialized safe
Seriously Lithuania, why can't you be more like your brother Latvia!?
Ramūnas Karbauskis, the head of the ruling 'Peasant' party
It's great, but it's not unique to Lithuania
Because of historical and cultural connections.
markets are usually located less conveniently or take place at a time when I have no interest in looking at a pile of potatoes, say, a Sunday morning, whereas stores as a rule have really long opening times and are just way more convenient.
I would say it's [Curonian Spit ] something magical there
that battle (basically) marked the end of the attempts to christianize Lithuania by the Knights
Nah, we did not want to beconfused with the polish, so we riped of the czechs.
Dunno, Tesla with their charging stops can recharge car batteries in about 30 mins as far as I heard and you can drive for about 2-2.5 hours.
Putin would never say something he doesn't mean.
They don't have road taxes on them, they fit in a normal car spot of a ferry (not sure about the new ones, old ones did) so you don't have to pay more.
Joja Lietuviai
*Herbalist* +40% resistence to Nettles & +20% resistence to bee sting; *Gatherer* 50% increased detection radius for mushrooms and herbs; *Marshfolk* +30% walking speed in bogs
Air traffic controllers strikes in Europe cost $12.6B since 2010
Mine did too
Oh, yeah, forgot about that
Lithuania's feeling consequences to this day.
Hat or hood is necessary, gloves as well, unless maybe if you're gonna keep your hands in your coat pockets at all times
Oh yes
You must be getting mad at me, down voting everything I post.
But emigration is complicated subject.
You would be surprised what 5 years can do
Article 1
Interesting
* In most cases I just pay with cash (with 50% discount as a university student) and get a ticket from the driver
Yes, Latvian has a lot of German influence in it's language.
Strange, I think we also had like 1-2 classes per week, but the lesson mostly involved all the religions and differences between them instead of just focusing on Catholicism etc.
Just thought it could be interesting :)
So Baltic states should be demilitarized countries because what, we are small and have borders with Russia
In general though, I have no idea what a general Lithuanian accent is since most people I know have very different accents, so I don't really have an opinion on that
That simple example does not run parallel to what /u/GearingBonus wrote.
tower
Classical: M. K. Čiurlionis - Miškas; Jūra
Spent a night roaming through Olomouc in 2014 and Prague in 2015
She lives now in LA (United States) with her father, and occasionally posts pictures of her tits.
Home maintenance lessons are woodworking, metalworking, minor repairs, outdoors work for boys, cooking, sweing, stitching for girls
A lot of Lithuanians were able to speak good polish as well.
In Catalonia you beat a log that shits presents
Uhm
* Vytautas Landsbergis (the first Head of Parliament of Lithuania after its independence declaration from the Soviet Union)
Milk and pastries
LIETUVA  VALIOOOOOOOOOO
Also, they teach python baasics in high school, so that's a plus, although the polish education system is not the best, in fact really bad, so that kinda cancels out the positives
Life is better today :P ^^^^suck ^^^^it ^^^^slowpokes
There are no woman on that island
Never change
Charlemagne - Karolis Didysis
I first hand witnessed Georgian hospitality as she had other guests that were a lot more important that we but she kindly asked us to join her.
Now im sure its either Australia and Oceanic islands or Australia
The method being different doesn't really change anything.
Only when I had access to the internet, and learned english, years later, did I understand that this word is offensive
To give perspective, people are less friendly and worse behaved than anywhere else in the country
Have this in Lithuania, as well as religion or ethics lessons
not a sentence:
That place is worse than youtube comment section.
After the Soviet occupation Lithuania drawfted a new constitution thus creating a new country.
That's because it's also a question of EU fund implemetation.
> The Latvian lat was more expensive than the Euro, so everything seemed more expensive at the start
Wait a minute I'm not sure I understand.
I really liked Slovakian north with the mountains and valleys carved by rivers with occasional castles here and there
Thousands of hours worth of media consumption.
Germans know all about the Curonian Spit.
I have missed lake Bled since the nazi mods insisted on stricter rules
These institutions are honestly big and clumsy enough on a national level, the last thing they want to do is deal with communicating with other equally big ones across the continent just for something like logo design.
ah yes
General setting is nature or a small settlement
You could not think of worse Tojan horse example
Everything is very on point, well done
based on how francophile Russia was back in the day, I assume they got it from the french too
[Baumkuchen] stolen German cake we still cook over fire in some places.
The GDP map is not about changes in GDP so how does it show how it fallen or risen.
It literally makes me vomit, it's like jello, but made of meat
They were just shouting what people wanted to hear and now they are pretty scrambled.
Thanks Russia, right back at you ;)
When tourism in Turkey takes a dive, Erdogan himself will come begging - exactly what he did with Russia a year ago.
I don't hate Poles
Oh, hi that, mr
Paleistuvė (slut/promiscuous woman) - the relaser, as in 'to let go'
>The place is void of business, people often dont like tidying up their land so most houses and their land looks awful
[15]"
Spread the cheese, basically one kid would be chosen to either sit or lay down, then everyone jumped up on him to basically spread the cheese, it was a pretty dangerous game now that I think about it
You sure that wasnt a girl from Glasgow
I have doubts about that
Greatest generation
I speak 3 language (Lithuanian, English, Russian) yet as a waitress I had to resort to lots of handsigns and drawing pictures (if I am a tourist I usually just use phone to find pictures or Google translate stuff)
Poland is the most Christian country in Europe, not surprising
I do like [Latvian small coins]#/media/File:LV_5_centi.png).
There are also some polish - german ones
I am not sure about kindergarten or grades 1-4
The gf is Lithuanian and she hates me for this.
(hands some fruit and spice as gift)
I'm pretty sure the "everyone under 30 knows English, everyone over 30 knows Russian" rule applies to both countries, so we got the work cut out for us
The shit they comment on a wholsome post just because it is a gay couple and if they have a kid it is always "poor kid" how is he poor
Now I know that it's hypocritical, because cows and pigs are probably just as clever as dogs, and I would not eat dogs for same reason as octopus
And that's what I'm getting at.
The first one is simply not having enough money to put away for years or risk on a bet
Have no clue what to do with the th sound
I would agree with you, but imo they are not as widely known as the others
Everyone is depressed, and most use alcohol to cope.
One of those nine classes was typically a lunch period but we weren't allowed to leave the school campus and just had to stay in the cafeteria
Honestly, that age was for the most part a shit-show
Skills: Absolute beast in handcrafts and cooking; Has voice of a nightingale
Coronavirus is really the least of my worries :D best of luck to you
Dont ask me, I dont live by the water.
Georgia - Sakartvelas or Gruzija
They are located only in largest cities though, and the countryside only sees the police
I'm seriously considering just wearing my mask regardless of if/when corona is eradicated
It wasn't 'Poles' just our swedish king who ruined relations between religions.
I am pretty sure that my teachers (only lithuanian language teachers) wouldn't accept non cursive tasks
I work in the nicest and biggest hotel in the city centre and I could organise some nice trips and sightseeings
Did they go there
And the more driverless cars are on the road the faster car movement can be
*waves miniature Lithuanian & EU flags*
We just skip a bunch, we learn the medieval times where we were a superpower in Europe (~1300) and the we just jump straight to The occupational years courtesy of Russia and then back to the first spoken Lithuanian words
When asked to identify the countries that engage in espionage against Sweden, Kinnander said he could not elaborate, except to say that MUST linked the alleged spies with “several countries, including Russia”.
Well I know about the wars between Pl and Lt.
Thanks I hate this
It’s not 16 in every state
After all we're the same latitude, or even above denmark, which is considered scandinavian
It mostly depends on the size of the engine, bigger ones brake more
They were cheap compared to Litas as well.
I joined in the conversation and we all talked in English for about 5 minutes, before my friend decided to tell me something in Lithuanian, and then that girl was like "wait
If there was a will, were could be a communist-y formed.
I don't know if our traditional lore has any differences from the general European stuff, but there's a lot of people now calling themselves witches (not Wiccan), trying to practice herbal medicine and magic from old Baltic traditions.
On the other hand there is a growing number of young professionals who are patriotic, well educated and want to create a better country right here, especially IT professionals that are well paid and sometimes can work remotely/freelance for a foreign clients, or startupers.
It's good, I'm not bothered by it
Do you have any tips on how to start
I'm Apache helicopter who believes in spaghetti monster, you can't stop me!
24th is the more important Christmas day, but 25th is also considered as Christmas
We did have access, but not legally
Voverė in Lithuanian
Alright, although it's hard to believe, I have to take it for granted, because I don't know Lithuanian ultranationalists.
I'm close to Poland
That is because the site uses session variables or cookies to store your filters and selectors.
According to the language you use, feminism is all about power nowadays, not equality
They gained good reputation very fast and the saying "calm like a Belgian horse" became "calm like a Belgian".
Why is Lithuania always so positive?
I'm not there anymore, however I visited Wieliczka while I was
I'm still not sure I understand how is it different, can you try to explain
Only you have to be near death to actualy get them.
15min walk or 3min on a bus
[What do you think about Lithuanian companies who use people of color as actors for advertisement?]
Most of the camps are specialized, aimed specifically at sciences, arts, acting, sports, etc
I'm just trying to explain to you that OP is drawing a parallel between the use of the word neuvosto/nõukogu in Finnish/Estonian for both "council" and the "soviet" in "Soviet Union" and a similar linguistic practice in Lithuanian, Polish etc.
None of these are used anymore except for maybe sometimes Uolektis
Well, if you dislike that, you shouldn't come to [Lithuania]
Terrorist supporting russian TV always lie.
The reason we use glass is because it's the current fashion, not lacking investment.
Oh, you've never been in Britain, have you?
You just sound like a very selfish person who would probably have no issues with watching his country destroyed by an invading force
According to our scores almost every :(
In Lithuania small towns are dying (though fellow Lithuanians, feel free to correct me)
What would happen if someone in Germany heard you listen to it
Our tree has a working carousel for children, like it's even a competition this year ;)
I feel like our local type of [kebabs] is the staple drunk food here
Eating goulash at Szeged
Not a literary character, but I remember on an old F1 game (probably on PS1), with Russian language on, driver's name changed from Button to Кнопка (i.e. a button that you press)
Makes me feel proud as an EU citizen again
Ayyy
How so
I don't think that I have one favourite song.
Also cepelinai
Oceanic wasnt a term used back then in our country
Oh the biggest Vytautas is Vytautas Šuštauskas
Livonian order once was belonged to Lithuania.
There is no point in ignoring the wishes of the people.
[This] song is pretty much our second anthem, always played during competitive sports matches
you guys are lithuanian too
where the fuck Lithuania anyway
I too prefer the design of it, on the other hand, while the Grand Dutchy of Lithuania was founded by Lithuanians, it represents a multicultural state that--in addition to Lithuanians-- was home to Ruthenians, Jews, Tatars, Germans and Karaims among others.
Then your partner sees something, a muzzle flash, a mooving curtain somewhere and yells to shoot at it.
Then we learn about the deal with the devil that we made, when we allowed the Soviets to station some troops in our country in exchange for Vilnius
Now I am not sure who you fought.
Minus UK
Vilnius and Kaunas
I never realised those weren't common everywhere
Lithuanian - yellow
between 1919-2019
I'm visiting Lithuania quite frequently and honestly, it's still pretty similar to Russia (including people (not talking about ethnic Russians only) there).
More like terrorism ends up being the only effective weapon.
Also the lack of traction when it rains is amazing.
Gambling
In terms of ads in cities it's way different, mainly because our cities had anti random ads policies for a couple of decades now iirc
Freedom&democracy without compromises
Well it was a commonwealth at the time so lines were blurry.
Some say "supratau" which means "understood" I guess
How is Slovenia and Austria, Estonia and Finland or Czechia and Germany "significantly" different in culture?
Really makes you see who goes full "help for refugees is a defense spending" compared to "help for Ukrainians is a defense spending".
Winged Hussars will fly through your mountains and we will annex you.
In Lithuania, Saule ( the Sun) is "female". Meanwhile, Menulis (the Moon) is "male".
But none of the people from your list (with the exception of Domeiko) had Lithuanian blood.
* End of Russian occupation on 1993 08 31
When I was there for Christmas it was raining most of the time and it was miserable
Lithuanian 'elves' combat Russian influence online
And for us the opposite
Well, since there are 141 members in Seimas and there were 122 attendees, this means  a total of 19 members did not attend, those three among them
To put it in history books that these guys weren't nice?
The overwhelming majority of Jews in Poland/Lithuania/Ukraine were clearly not integrated.
I and most of my family/friends live in apartment buildings, and everyone keeps theirs doors locked
Also this was not necessarily a rich kid class as my school was just like any other school with all income families
I pressed my mother about it and she got worked up saying it's much too private to be discussed out loud
You're essentially an island, the Russians/Chinese can't really bother you over there.
About Lithuania not being Northern Europe, well looking at our temperature through out the year we are closer to the northern Europe climate that to Eastern Europe's
In many cases we succeed, even surpass you, but due to lessee level of automation our prices cant compete (and also trust in our quality)
Oh he is no slav actually :D Explain a lot
(And Vilnius is pretty nice city, so also no)
Nowadays, the attitudes towards regional languages has definitely shifted in most of Europe at least, but regional languages have been irreversibly damaged already
Thats why everyone will want to keep the EU alive as long as it benefits them and if onece in a while they need to make a decision for the benefit of EU but as a detriment for themselves its fine because over all its still benefits them
I live in UK for almost a year and I still have hard time understanding one of my coworkers accent, just a thick british one, muffled and fast paced mannerism of speach
My man is celebrating in style
what the fuck, Lithuania
100 euro - 2 great quality pair of jeans, one nice quality pair of shoes
Broliai latviai
Original lithuanian surname would be Valanta, but his sons would be called Valančiai by strangers, Valanta by friends
Iceland
I've seen this view in PUBG
It's an entertainment act
Lets wait till the election and after them you can write me "I told you so".
•Vincas Kudirka (he wrote the national anthem)
So tell me, why did Lithuania join the EU?
" in Lithuanian is just "To swear
Well, first there were those christian orders that were quite a force, then there was Russia, then Sweden, then more Russia, and then more Sweden, then we got split by Prussia, Russia and Austria
EDIT: Your point about democratic approaches is valid - it hasn't been done and it might be much better, but is it possible at all
Well it is more realistic after Brexit than it was before it.
Could you turn it back, so that the north would be north
We eat lots of pancakes too
Latvian police, just like most European countries', don't choke black people for funzies, don't spray peaceful protesters with tear gas and don't injure AND murder innocent people in cold blood
I don't think anybody would care
In usa everything is 40% bigger
Getting sunburned is kinda efficient way of tanning
2018-02-16 is Lithuania’s Independence day 100 year anniversary
Yes, it happened to me as well
You have 20-30 people around you, all of them are firing, yet you only see the two guys next to you, bullets are flying in your dirrection.
Though I personally like to listen to some Jerry Reed or Johnny Cash once in a while.
Oh no, oh god no
[Here's an example]
Yorkshire pudding with Cumberland sausage is simple and tasty
Their former president is kinda going crazy
Lithuanians organising an armed revolution in Belarus, how feasible
Pray tell why I should ignore the propaganda that is targeted at the west and the political subterfuge and corruption that aims to destabilize our governments and discredit democracy ?
u/RepostSleuthBot
Kids can buy the lowest category ones from 14 years old I believe.
Some post-socialist states had religious revival (Poland, Lithuania for example), some did not (Estonia, Czech Republic, Eastern Germany).
Hate to break it to you but there's no cure for cancer, once you're diagnosed with lung cancer your days are counted.
* Vincas Kudirka
Not for us
This might end up creating issues and different desires in apartment community, thus might end up in people not working together
Nothing on any local poles, russians and whatever else.
I love Lithuania
But if things don't change "radical" east might be richer than "radical" west.
Ever heard of thing called Communism?
In Lithuania you could get free studies and very cheap housing, but not if you aren't a citizen.
If you think that, for example, Lithuanian pensioners get 250€ on average a month, while those in Greece get 850€, it doesn't make this point any stronger.
Necklace: not sure about this one
17 YEARS AGO
It might have a protective effect on the risk of suicide in men.
But they're more administrative than anything.
Its like reddit asking for my id to prove that I really own this account but up to this point reddit never knew who owned this account
Then visit Klaipeda and the curonian spit
Yeah
For real
Nobody cares
Beside the costs, I hear it has something to do with transfer time too - Maestro has direct money transfer, while Visa/Mastercard debit works on the bank's 'promise' and the money can take several days to get transferred
Female:
Note: most gun owners and enthusiasts military and police personel, former or still active
Nah, we need to turn them into a snowglobe.
source: my grandparents, parents from that region
I love how you guys act like you care about it but then want me to get banned and my memes removed the moment I post school shooting meme :)))
I'm sure courts have ways of dealing with witnesses
Yeah, it's not for a casual user.
Lithuania  has VLKK(National committee of Lithuanian language)
I've never talked about that with my mom, but I do talk about it extensively with close female friends
It's really not that much effort photoshop is really good at it.
Vilnius: Competing with Kaunas
I understand that Polish people are by far the biggest group of all EE migrants, so we're statistically way more likely to hear about attacks against them than other EE migrants.
Fucking old granny rushed to take my seat right out of my ass as soon as I stood up
I probably see it from a different point of view, becouse in Lithuania pagan traditions make up 50% of all major holidays
We know solar panels work best pointing at the sun.
Oh good, I'm not the only one
I was sitting and had my ticket in my pants pocket
why though
It doesn't matter since it was either Lithuania or Poland.
Austrijos-Vengrijos imperija
But it fell out of popularity, I only remember hearing it used by shopkeepers or people being passive aggressive though ("Listen here, Ponas!", "Oh, look, what Ponas these one is").
So many roadkill people and various accidents on the street.
I pay 7.82 eur for 5gb and unlimited calls/texts.
Do you even know what this is
It is very important to understand these circumstances when speaking about any trade agreements, especially about the Single Market.
Lithuanians only have one distinct food - zeppelins, no idea what it tastes like since there definitely are no potatoes here you could take to make them
Emigration numbers are actually rival the numbers of red holocaust.
I hope they are what they look like
You do realize those are the official numbers, right?
It's not really a super insulting term, but it's definitely rude
Yeah Vytis(Pogon whatever you want to call it) wich was used by the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and now is used by the Lithuania.
That seems hardly logical, Russia is known for this kind of thing.
That's some black magick fuckery right here
Waiting for the Hungarians and Lithuanians.
It's like living in a giant park
Sanskrit is is part of Indo-Iranian branch while Latin is part of Italic branch of Indo-European language family.
Probably 90% of non-english european language speakers have the same problem
And if you have a gun in your home it has to be in a safe etc etc
Because they have zero issues with each other unlike India and China
Wishing you the best
Judging from past comments you can see that he's so dedicated to shitting on Baltic states and Lithuania in particular, that it seems a lil bit more than just trolling.
Is there any particular reason you're learning lithuanian
Learn Labas and Ačiū, congrats, you're fine with that.
I'm sure you know who said it
It has a lot of different cultures mixed together, which other cities lack
I believe the red are the Russian dominated areas in Lithuania
And you hope that you don't find them in the middle of the binge
Georgia hasn't but this is more due to lobbying from both EU and Russian sources which inevitably leads to friction.
Technically we are [1k years old] during 2009.
And currently it's about how many minority adjectives you can shoe horn into your performers description.
There aren't many here, in Lithuania, either, so no one really bothers and racism is mostly non-existent (just like in the most part of Europe, I guess)
I know because my great grandfather fought in the front while being a farmer (farmers were not to be drafted because they produced food, but in soviet union sheepa fly if leader says so), then was exiled to siberia with 3 children 8-14yo
They have like breaks where they congregate for a chat and a smoke, dozens of guys dressed exactly the same way, scouting the crowd for easy marks
>will our country be parliamentary or semi-presidential
School from 2nd grade and, well, I started using computer early (4-5 to)
Then they spend about 4-5 hours looking for him in the capital city, but the guy just dropped the rifle in to a bush and took a bus home, fun point to make: his home was guarded by the police yet he still managed to get inside with out being noticed.
Which part of "Moldava as a vassel" points to Lithuania?
You go and enter the PIN and one of the doors unlocks and opens and you can take your package out
Please define what would you expect that integration to look like, especially that the side to be integrated dosen't really want that?
Most of their campaign promises are not going to happen nor their are a solution.
If they know that after a storm water might flood the city why they built everything so close to water?
If they don't speak Lithuanian, it doesn't mean they came here during Soviet occupation
It makes a bit more sense in English
Lithuanian here
Yep, *juodas* means "black" and *kalnas* means "mountain". So it literally means "land of the black mountains".
It probably won't be a momentary switch more of a gradual strengthening of the borders.
I wouldn't, since the tricolour is the Lithuanian flag
Same
Skaiste ( pure, virgin)
and also remembering how great of a country we were, then feeling sad about how small we've became in the end
Was trying to teach myself some Danish on Duoligo, and just noticed that the word avis means newspaper in Danish
When the Soviets are returning in 1944, hundreds of thousands of Lithuanian refugees retreat to the west with the German military
Latvia
that's debatable, remember all the talk about Novorossiya?
Jawohl, kurvasvāks
Altorių šešėly has good reviews but it's pretty damn long
The video sums up what we are going to do in Russia:
"Mink is kill"
Not much to be said
[Source in Lithuanian] Since then it's illegal to use this name in sample forms.
Would lay my head down for braliukas
You are both deaf from the noise and in the end by means of gesturing you figure out that you have to shoot at something that moved 3 o clock from you in the 100-500 m range.
That would probably still be against the law,
When I wrote this post I had in mind the OP's ideas of forced radical changes to the society, one supreme leader and creating an ideology that will tell all of the EU citizens what is good and bad.
It should be remembered, however, that the language has not been equally conservative in all domains
what shared culture and Ideals
The building used to be a horse riding school with a huge indoor riding arena, so nobody really suspected various cars and trucks coming and going
Hahaha, that's true
In 10years this shot will be on historyporn
Eggs are sold out in shelves/freezers (※) (depends on a supermarket chain), but we keep them in fridge, in 0°C section
Nowadays people don't use Yahoo or hotmail so much
Lithuania humbly accepts this tremendous burden of responsibility.
* Vytautas the Great (the greatest Duke the GDL has ever had, during his rule the GDL was at its zenith of power)
Genuine question, I also want to see it get better.
So you were there as a... *tourist
If US asked the same of EU this sub would lose its shit.
Other than that, it can be region specific, in the baltics for example, Swedish is quite handy
But I think they don't have my id in the first place
Its meant to be readable to all English speakers
I've always thought Luxembourg was just a city state like Monaco, cool to learn this :)
During his interview, he broke down crying, saying "oh god why am i like this, god please help me".
I don't care if they are not a democracy in NATO sense.
The country best known for renewables.
Žemaičių blynai
It was also promptly removed(unfortunately)
After 10th grade grammar is not even part of the curriculum and grammar tasks are not part of the exam
That I don’t mind cause I like looking at long and wavy fields out in the horizon, simple nature with not much exotic stuff but all that kinda feels nostalgic when you go out at the lakeside, etc
Sometimes I forget that rugby exists, that's how unpopular it is in Lithuania
Would you want to get food, housing, don't work for it, and **don't have the possibility to work for it**?
Hey braliukas
I'm really curious - what does Niamiha mean in Belarusian?
Example: we joined cccp willingly; belarus is the real lithuania; vilnius belongs to poland
It DID explain things, but also made everything unnecessarily complicated
The country of Lithuania is independent democratic republic
LOL
Scotland is in Europe
Lithuanian is very phonetical language, there's no words with random pronunciations
My family used to speak Russian, so I couldn't understand them, but they have forgotten it as most of the people I guess in Lithuania who knew Russian
But they will be safer soon enough than human drivers.
It talks about spliting Europe in spheres of influence a la Molotov-Ribbentrop pact.
That is if you're a christian, otherwise there wouldn't be any second names afaik
Lithuanian in famous people youtube vids
Hence the name
Usually they're of broken heart, and in search of some form of redemption
To me Nazi flag has just pleasing red color while Izraeli has that blue that I dont really like
Kick out Cyprus, vote, accept it back, repeat
It's hard because by leaving the country that takes them they lose every benefit they were provided.
Now that you have made it clear I can connect the dots of info collected over the years
100 years ago, when people only had access to their own local communities at any one given time
My parents have been living in their apartment building for 30 years and so have most of their neighbors, so they know each other and their names
Again for a few weeks probably
Also this is nationwide so not like I am the only one practising it
Man you're full of shit and burnt out from the drugs.
Yes
Kaliningrad
I'd say most folk here would consider you either integrated or on the right path.
Sveksna town, Lithuania (English:
**Article 1**
But you really had something humane only for 10ish years since 1990-2000
Some American or German tourists look like [John Bolton]
Also, the Lithuanian language and culture survived thanks to the rural population
It is on the parliament's web site
Who happily enters a place that bans other humans for no reason than pure prejudice?
That said it's not strictly outside the capital, it's mostly used as outside the main cities
Lithuanian women do sometimes greet each other (female friends) with a kiss on a check.
Lithuania has a fucked vehicle check-up system.
Here's my personal picks:
The lithuanian flag has been changed since
Also, as the photo in the OP is taken from very far away, the distance between the buildings in the foreground and background can be several kilometers
[Lithuanian is said to be the closest living language to Proto-Indo-European.]
Probably worst impression out of all so far.
WHAAAT
But you don't have sea
Also, Lithuania has about 100k gun owners and about 30k are hunters, and 30k are self defense permit holders, the others would fall into other categories like sport shooting and so on
Not only it doesn't sound that much of an Anthem, the lyrics are complex, but there are waaaay too many high notes for your average citizen - so much so, a a lot of the people just shut up on a few verses and stay quiet if they don't want to squeal
Brilliant
In general it's taught here that in the commonwealth, Lithuanians were treated very poorly by the Polish
- To put everyone in prison
Just an interesting fact about Iceland given their small population
There's a straight highway through Poland that goes towards Berlin...
Yeah, like we did for 8 years against Ussr.
It's unlikely, but every time Trump says the NATO is obsolete, I have this image of Putin thinking "if tomorrow I invade Lithuania, I think the US will not intervene".
What are the Ukrainians or Poles are lesser people than yourself?
To keep such an unstable region from falling apart for so long while simultaneously not becoming a Soviet puppet is a remarkable achievement.
I'd be sad if the Cologne cathedral suffered, as that one has a unique history of being spared in the largest destruction of the continent
Let's lift the sanctions so we can punish them again with the same sanctions !
Why do you assume Saudi Arabia doesn't torture who they execute?
It's not as simple as one might think
Add some black lines and stars to the old one and instantly be recognized as the Sub-Saharan state we were meant to be ️
On a serious note I guess it is because Denmark is a really flat nation and snow I guess is not the same as 'up norf'?
In Lithuania, most small cities were majority Jewish all the way to WW2.
but saying these things literally spits on our recently dead relatives who took us where we are today
So I would consider myself to be more of an extreme case in saving and earning
No joke, Latvia
There are some issues and some countries are not too friendly
I thought they also had a tax on bikes
There is no reason to be angry for what Americans voted in.
We have ads on national television about not sticking those into computers.
And the winter before I don't even remember cleaning snow off my car.
but after the fall everything went downhill..
I also live in Lithuania
English is now being taught since first class so 7.
Vilnius resident here
"I've had it with these motherfucking snakes on this motherfucking plane!"
PFFFFFF
The length between them is Sprindis
We spell it either "Ok", "Okay" or "Okey"
Once alcohol runs out we go to kill ourselves
As I said, a lot of people wear clothes with logos here, but maybe they're not as frequent as in america
They would still speak to me in Catalan and refuse to speak Spanish
How dare you attack Vilnius in such manner
From the legendary BBC phrasebooks:
I wonder how long will it take for cannabis legalisation to reach my country.
Well, it's barely existent
Voverė in Lithuanian
I think we should let them back in and kick them out right after that
Yes, garlic sauce and (extra) ketchup is usually served alongside the pizza in most places, and many people make use of both
Would you like for EU to push autonomous cars EU wide?
I guess in Italy and Spain it’s not cool to speak English
You're talking to 2 different people.
so with diesel which itself provides lubrication to cylinders would driving for so long could cause damage to engine
With years these matters are improving, polish and russians grow fonder of our country by the day, but with putin funded parties like polish-russian alliance fueling hatered for lithuanians changes are slow
You wouldn't call an Austro-Hungarian empire as a German state and you wouldn't call PLC as a slavic state.
>Lithu
free Catalonia
But you really had something humane only for 10ish years since 1990-2000
The book in bookshelf (top one)is Forest of god's by Balys Sruoga my favourite I have read it like million times and yes it have English version
Somebody would come to them at the end of the day and take part of their collected money (don't quote me on that).
Seems interesting to try and find something though.
They're just too similar for what they mean, and mixing them up is too easy for the consequences it could have
Not going to say that the soviets weren't cruel, because they were, their reign was pure evil under Stalin.
not the official motto, in 1956 when the United States Congress made "In God We Trust" the official motto.
> Again, which millionaires are moving to Lithuania
I don't disagree I just think it's too much post.
Top 9 most based countries in the world
Letting commie pig dog army pass through states on their way to "help" Czechoslovakia would have ensured earlier commie block establishment
They were all sent to "Grūtas park" which is a populiar tourist attraction in southern Lithuania now
For us its just a language that might help to find job because until couple years ago Russia was our biggest trade partner but then they fucked it up
Its in our best interest to lose out on our own policy to keep euro
Also while I do believe that some sort of liberal democracy is possible in my lifetime, full ancapistan will remain only an academic exercise.
Yes, Kalmar Union 2.0 would be sweet.
Maybe Ukraine together with Belarus can one day help to re-create [The Grand Duchy of Lithuania] and thus get European passports(+ protection against the eastern foes) and allow [The Republic of Crimea] to stay as a protectorate of [the Roman empire]
It means " a mole is coming
The Provisional Government also granted more freedoms to previously suppressed regions of the Russian Empire.
Lithuania's public holds very conservative views towards marijuana.
However it has one weakness - stairs.
I know, I just feel like "those Czech and Hungarians are our brothers" is not something I would ever actually hear, or have heard (apart from a general euro thing)
So these differences cause larger, smaller disputes.
It's low compared to the west, but high compared to the rest of Lithuania.
There are potholes everywhere and a lot of roads are really low quality
Thanks
As a result, lots of businesses appeared, focused on fixing and maintaining Benz's, spare parts are probably really easy to find, plenty of knock-off parts for poorer people, etc.
I've driven all the way across Czech Republic and back a couple weeks ago, I'd say your highways are pretty good
Then again, Trump would not know that because he has no idea how running a country works.
I sometimes feel very sad for all the people who don't get to live in the EU
We just (yesterday) held our parliamentary elections and the results show the new ruling coalition will include Laisvės Partija - the party that's been advocating for LGBT rights throughout all of its campaign
I wonder if Estonia and Latvia have higher percentage because of German influence from Livonian order or because they have bigger Russian population and don't value learning Russian in school because they can learn it anyway
I was in Warsaw on Wednesday and the shops seemed fine
When puberty kicks in though, it gets more complicated
I really recommend it if you ever get the chance
Currently [this] would be most popular Lithuanian song right now, at least on radio.
And the day to day reality, say if you worked in a sausage factory, changed a lot for you
I just realized that its written like this, I though it was kinder + garden
Nobody is locking up dumb people for noreason tho
Children are FAR more vulnerable than adults and it's not okay to use any violence against any adult.
Gorgeous
It's a very weird and unique form of something apple marmalade-like
I had a night walk with a friend through Brussels and the borough of Molenbeek
\- Why then do you need a Ministry of Culture
Greek is rather difficult as well for me.
This would be an incestual marriage
Sauron is the wizzard who betrayed Euro
Please don't talk about the lawyer doctors like that.
Gáspár Bekes de Kornyát (1520 – 7 November 1579) was a Hungarian nobleman who fought Stephen Báthory for the throne of Transylvania after the death of John II Sigismund Zápolya in 1571.
I live in a street with 12 houses
Ah, I've heard about Honda in Sweden.
So can someone give some insight?
It just came to my mind that I was hacked by Lithuanian guy the same day I saw the post so I said it.
But it is likely you will find Lithuanians congregating in whatever place they need to or filling in whatever paper work they need to for moving to a country like the USA, UK, Canada, Australia or Germany so maybe the Lithuanian president shouldn't come across as so arrogant it's not like he is the president of Estonia.
"u" and "ų". Metu kamuolį. - I am throwing a ball
After studying west-slavic languages and knowing Finnish I kinda feel like I know your language already.
But those buildings now are mainly abandoned, only few are used for border police to do bigger bus and import/export checks
You are mixing the issues here completely, nobody is "Lithuanizing" or "localising" names, the examples you use are anecdotal and sounds more like miscommunication at best.
In Lithuanian we say "ramus kaip belgas" -- "calm as a Belgian".  I've heard recently, though, that this saying refers to some animal breed rather than nationality
"Kalashnikov decided to design an automatic rifle combining the best features of the American M1 and the German StG 44
To us, LDK was an extention of our lands
Meh, I'd rather have a beurocrat do something that have to micromanage everything myself.
I think they are more anti-Russian than Poles are, because they were part of USSR.
That's 'bout it :D
Thank you
I wouldn't say the Baltics have a great relationship with the big ol' russians
I think Congress is being controlled by Republicans now?
Literally on point with Lukashenkos position title
* Glorious history of being nearly extinct, book smuggling and its contemporary all time high dominance in Lithuania
Ką tu, rupūže, apie mane ką tik pasakei, tu asilo subine?
What we, but especially Germany, needs to make clear to the asylum seekers is that whatever country of the EU decides to accept you, you are there to stay.
oh well that makes sense, feels even worse now.
Yup, 1 case confirmed, can't find pasta in stores
Lithuanian sounds somewhat Slavic.
While being just another murderous regime
Old German men actually wear long black socks with sandals
In Vilnius we have ticket inspectors in some stops for public buses
* Litas introduced
How does Turkish government react to the Chinese genocide/persecution of Turkic people
Elizabeth II - Elžbieta Antroji
Sometimes there's no "Alio", sometimes just "Alio".
We moved our one ministry to Kaunas, būt that was super hard
Damn thats young af
(Skin color, nationality and religion doesn't matter).
The driver just might break the law here.
Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania used to be "The North Jerusalem".
Even though there are a lot of russians here, the anti-russian sentiment is prominent
Guerrilla wars are fought with murders not with battles.
It’s more “woulda” now
News about Baltic defence will become important again only after Trump becomes president.
I would see a multicultural Lithuania, where immigrants speak lithuanian and respect our traditions (and follow them if they want to, while also holding on to their original languages and traditions), work and pay taxes to the state, be keen to strengthen friendship between nationalities in the country and be patriotic and loyal to our shared homeland.
Why you're ignoring things that happened before 1944's?
As for Barack Obama - in news pages he is usually called Barackas Obama (Obama is perfectly sound feminine gender word for Lithuanian language), but in official papers (e.g. Foreign Ministry texts, in nominative he is called Barack Obama
Su Šventom Kalėdom, braliuks
Everyone knows the lyrics, it's very approachable, easy to listen
I'm 23.5 now and even though I don't dig tunnels in the snow or build forts anymore, I still very much enjoy how it turns the landscape into a winter wonderland, makes me glad that I live on this part of the planet
Agree, or at least give us back half of the price of the course of this year (on behalf, EU student in the UK)
But I can't think of a single local traditional food that comes with tomatoes
It's more of an anti-russian sentiment here, becouse after all, more harm in lithuania was caused by russians than germans
* in English)
Have yet to meet a single noble Pole, they are all plumbers.
Saying lithuanians are russians is a thing that can honestly earn you a well deserved punch in the face from some people
P.S. I actually have never heard of a golden age in Lithuania's history, so I don't know the details, or if this counts as a golden age
I don't care, the letters I sent to Santa as a kid were addressed to Finland, plz don't ruin my childhood.
And remnant German troops and the Baltic Germans.
The sound of the 3 is far from similar.
45 class, 10 min breaks between classes, with two mid-day breaks of 25-30 mins to eat
I'm not trying to be an apologist, but let's be objective.
A country with morals would not allow its government to even think of doing that
Agree, or at least give us back half of the price of the course of this year (on behalf, EU student in the UK)
Why you should leave your tasty food uneaten when you can bring it home and eat it together for your dinner
Good fucking lord, how is Lithuanian beer so cheap?!
EU funding for infrastructure has resulted in an insane amount of modernization across the whole country.
You would be surprised how good Australians are at making quality cheeses
I'm aware that Kingdom of Poland and Grand Duchy of Lithuania were equal dude.
They had to use spices in the South
If current gov plans work out, we'll soon be going to Latvia and Poland for our needs.
In all seriousness no, we don't have any Roman heritage, that's Lithuanian national football stadium that has been under construction since 1987
Yeah, for some reason snow really does make a difference - maybe because of the novelty when it first falls that year, or because it's white and shiny and reflects light, or because it involves most of the trademark winter-time activities, but winter seems so much happier with it.
My family did that rarely
The Lithuanian flag, in Lithuania
It's twisted to think Russia has the right to destabilise these countries just because it was slighted by the West.
My city has started implementing this Park & Ride thing
After all they do not call Spanish speaking people white.
They were made of gold after all :P
I don't know what's the catch
All police officers carry their Glock pistols, but I have seemed them with assault rifles only in December 2014, when all the euro banknotes were brought to the Bank of Lithuania before the euro changeover
I swear most of T_D are just trolls, they don't really care if Trump wins, they would just find it hilarious if he did.
It's always the self-proclaimed defenders of the West who breach western values like democracy and human rights
Iceland, Denmark, Slovenia, Croatia and Latvia for being the first countries to recognize our freedom in 1991
Overall slowed down world economy due to covid does not help either
28 in lapland
It would be way easier for us to pronounce Olandija rather than Nyderlandai
Bulgaria, welcome to the children sandbox disputes
If we're sticking to Presidents specifically, I can name in addition to my own: Lithuanian, Russian, Belorussian, Ukrainian, French, German and Polish Presidents.
Right
Laesli
National History exam consists of 50% Lithuanian history and 50% World history.
And some in last year of kindergarten so 6.
To be honest you were so exact, that I thinked it was true :D
Colleges are lower tie tertiary schools that awards with *professional bachelor* and universities are higher tie schools that with Bachelor, Master and Doctor
In the US, the President serves as both the head of state and head of government
Yes
For example my brother had a huge (like HUGE) benign mole on his cheek
You can translate only the context / description ("book smugglers").
I've worked with Lithuanians and Latvians in Ireland and their English was usually very good not like some of my polish comrades.
We do, the Lithuanian version of that is jankiai
dude, I only know how to read Samogitian, I don't know how to spell it
I know some words that came from Lithuanian and Finnish.
You can have ads in designated places in cities like Vilnius, but those places are reserved by big billboard agencies, so only bigger companies can afford to advertise on city billboards
Lucky for you it is not paid by government.
There’s many instances where rural people overshoot city people
šikšnosparnis (tanned leather wing) - bat
I don't know why people ignore the fact that UK is still in EU as of this moment.
I moved back home over a month ago and there’s an obvious struggle to retrieve some words
Even with hard choices like war
As opposed to Russia where shady trash happens nonstop for over a century
Czech, while living in [this] beautiful place, gives you opportunity to master Slovak easily, and other ones (like Serbo-Croatian, Ukrainian, Polish and most importantly Russian) without much of headache.
Definitely not Lithuanians doing the killing here.
With his actions yanukovych kept Ukraine open to Russian attack and influence.
Can you believe the riff raff in Romania
And this limbo economic situation adds to all that.
I study in the US and people only say it's a cool accent after they find out that I am not Russian lol
And it is a slowing down zone and you might get pulled over if you look suspicious
so why this scheme doesnt have Italo-Celtic
We had a referendum recently where we voted for allowance of dual citizenship
I was always at the top of my class with English in school compared to people who didnt watch English cartoons
Take a look at stories back during interwar.
But with no housing costs I save around 1300-1500 a month
Secret airsoft clubs in the baltics, training for aiding russian military in case of an invasion, dismantled slowly by lithuanian military and swats
wtf Ireland
Basically I know someone who's in Greece, travelling to Lithuania by land and interested in buying a used car to drive around the EU.
Lithuania definitely wants to hang out.
For my money, let's double defense spending to 4% GDP and buy a battalion of those Abrams USA still makes as a jobs program and has no use of
Especially if it's a law, who the fuck are you to cock block businesses like that.
I’m an lgbt Lithuanian and it makes me so happy to see a positive change
Hell yeah I wouldn't, my uni demands papers to be written in Times New Roman
No they don't, we cant even understand each other
Amerika, Jungtinės Amerikos Valstijos or JAV.
I've also seen multiple alt-right memes about "feminized swedish males" peeing sitting down (not that it should matter anyway, how someone pees).
Kebab pizza low key amazing
I would love to live there and really enjoy taking walks.
However, our City council decided to rely only on buses and trolleybuses by creating exceptional road lines for them
Have you ever seen a kid throw a temper tantrum?
We don't talk about it much so it's not shortened, most people don't know it even exists.
Nah, too little socialism and Jeremy Corbyn worship.
i can BARELY understant something
Because Australians like to watch it.
Every fifth-grader girl sings this
I read it as "Saudi-backed whataboutism"
As for the fact Serbia has ties with the EU, well it wouldn't be a very effective trojan horse if it didn't.
By the way, [you can make it too] it's a very simple recipe, no weird ingredients and the pizza is delicious
Iceland - First country to recognize our independence.
Thanks, CGP Grey
Lithuania is one of the oldest countries being first know about somewhere in 1009
People have been saying this for years, but I always assumed it's a myth.
Maybe he didn't leave his house.
Vaikinas - boyfriend, mergina - girlfriend.
It's ridiculous on so many levels
Today was a great day
Stop pretending that you don't know what I meant
Hope you dont get offended, didnt meant to offend
France, Italy would be my first options.
> Yes, and it's mandatory, you can't choose
In Lithuanian language it's "liftas" so it was easier to learn and use "lift", however as american influence grew, people shifted to "elevator".
After returning home I realised that I am replacing some words with English ones
Šikšnosparsnis (bat) or the spelling I myself prefer šiknosparnis (ass wings)
Posting a photo of a dead kid as a proof of Merkel killing that Polish driver is laughable.
The reign of Vytautas the Great, 1392--1430, obvs
I am inland person and my city river is nice enough not to have floods that would need getting stuff built
Getting repairs will suck, fuel economy sucks, safety sucks.
Nice winter indeed
It's called kanklės
*Seems familiar*
But you guys fly lower when trying to land.
Interesting video, no need to downvote it guys
At least in my opinion, being under Soviet Union is not exactly a freedom, independent country per say, but that's my personal opinion
We can either have unity in all affairs or in none, that's how Union works.
* where should be the capital
I think people who can torrent watch Game of Thrones and who can't watch some shitty local TV show.
thing
> Historically it would be mead
That's the whole point of that projection, to represent the shapes as closely as possible to what it looks like on the globe.
So what he's saying is that we need to stay away from Russia and wait it out while their economy will start to collapse.
Oh shush, there are plenty of places on Reddit where religion is respected and even most of those who don't respect religion dislike it as ideology and don't hold contempt for the people involved
Latvian is possible to figure out in text form, impossible if they speak
I've no idea what the curriculum was before me or is now
On the 25th there's more food but we never really do it.
Because most often the PM is a member of parliament, they are the chief legislator of the nation
Yeah, the czech and polish ones are the best ( I know polish too)
Mald(a)-meaning a pray
A month worth of time in my entire life aside from school before coming to UK
You have no access to the sea
Call the police every day of the week and on the weekends.
Each person knows some amount of other people, let's mark the average amount of people known as K, whatever the number might be
Uhh, oppressed Russian minorities?
Last time I saw lots of reddit posts that Lithuanians go to shopping in Poland and when we take that with higher average and minimal wage in Poland then I don't see where the purchasing power of citizen is higher in Lithuania?
120 eur every day, that's pretty expensive.
As in leaving the EU and forming a union?
Also there was that small thing with Brits cracking the Enigma code and feeding Germans falls information about the location of landing...
Which Lithuanian Christmas tree do you find to be better looking?
Please google where Vilnius is located
On Youtube videos both may argue, but I don't think many actually hate you
Atleast Lithuania is top 3 in something
Poland and Lithuania have been Ukraine's most ardent advocates in the EU, among other venues.
And Poland had the rank of kingdom and that was more prestigious after all.
Last time Lithuanian ruled our country we annexed Wilno and you were pretty upset about it.
Appearance: Tall, light brown/blonde loose haired lass; Dressed in red, green, yellow, white colour patterned linen summer dress; Wooden shoes; Has draping woven band with baltic motifs like rombuses, swastikas, X'es; Brass bracelet, coloured clay / wooden pendant; Wearing a dandelion / oak leaf crown; Carrying a weaved twig basket full of mushrooms
The Guinness book of world records recognised geographical center of Europe is located near Vilnius, in Girija village
This is why I believe that if we're discussing Lithuania, it's the gender that was assigned at birth
Some scholars suggest that “puss” could be imitative of the hissing sound used to get a cat’s attention.
Vovere in Lithuanian
This means that trade in areas where it is allowed is still big enough.
Trust me something will change if it costs 50 eur every day to burn trash.
IIRC just make sure Lithuania or Poland not get close to each other, one of them will fuck up in retarded wars and will be gone, without one the other is weak.
And in weird places too, like when I went into the shop to get cat food one time
Kawaii desu
Many are more hipster than a stereotypical hipster.
Happy birthday on behalf of the Irish, you have always been good to us over here, never had a bad experience with a Lithuanian ☺
Swimming in Adriatic sea
26+ hot
I had suspected there was a shitton of Lithuanians on here.
I think almost all of that part of Lithuania is in the UNESCO world herritage list and the beaches have the blue flag (white sand, clear waters, etc)
Interesting
The longer someone lives in a foreign country, the more   likely they are to stay there
It's that during soviet era there just wasn't either much need for it or the materials to insulate the house with.
New houses usually run on "eco" and keep temp around 21-23C. Enough for walking in shorts, barefoot and tshirt
after digging around the web, here [the lith average] and [female average]
Of course, this doesn't work if the topic is a specific cultural, geographical or historical thing, then English wiki is way better
23C is warm gold ideal
Stuff runs more or less normally, but school might get cancelled (before the pandemic)
actually, pretty much anywhere there's a democracy under threat.
Well Poland has reasonably strong industries, and their wages are higher than any Baltic country.
Tirana, Albania
* Jonas Basanavičius (the Chairman of the National Council, which has created the first Lithuanian state)
Now the relations are great
Topics that I'm interested in (astronomy and physics) are actually surprisingly good in Lithuanian Wikipedia, so I usually read Lithuanian wiki and if I need more details, then the English one
I would advise to have at least 3 days for a stay in Lithuania
"The AK-47 is best described as a hybrid of previous rifle technology innovations
>In German it is "Die Sonne"(female,the sun) and "Der Mond"(male, the moon)
Fuck me too I guess
Never saw a joke that makes fun of them
If fast and accessible public transport is available to larger cities, people will live there
It's certainly not poor and wouldn't even be the smallest of participants in any way.
I hope that all cities will be like this one day
It came to use as banner only in the 14th century (when GDL was already very large), and one can argue that that state (GDoL of 14th century) was never restored.
I used stallions as a euphemism for people like Stanisław August Poniatowski.
A final way to confirm if someone's from europe is if they don't really show emotions with their face in public
By the end of WW1 our bond with Poland completely died out due to nationalism.
Hello it's me A Friend and welcome to 10 hour loot video of Lithuanian Tree Picking
" or "Blet
ohh sweet, that means we will get them soon.
The Deluge [flash backs] coming up.
maps like this clearly show that we need to divide Germany into different countries.
(Lithuania) I'm (F) asking because I realized that not one woman in my family or close circles has ever spoken about their pregnancy or labor
But it is private so I don't know how comparable it is
Show me one law where it says otherwise and I might be willing to agree with you, but the current rhetoric about this patriarchy, power structures and other identity politics nonsense that seems to demonize men just seems pulled straight out of power-hungry, bitter people's asses
So I spent most of the days driving around but not getting out of the car much and the evenings in a small old cabin reading a book and drinking beer with smoked fish.
It's only logical that all three countries quickly decided to apply for NATO membership because the regained independece could be lost very quickly if Russia decided it didn't like that.
And probably only Bulgarians and Romanians google how to immigrate to Lithuania.
It's also a number one basis for dinosaur vocalizations apparently they sounded like this
Nothing special
So there was some discussion prior to this.
Except in old old villages
Quite sad that German Empire didn't win this one
Not only it doesn't sound that much of an Anthem, the lyrics are complex, but there are waaaay too many high notes for your average citizen - so much so, a a lot of the people just shut up on a few verses and stay quiet if they don't want to squeal
Lithuania: summer - up to 35C, winter
I have no idea why, but I remember there was a thread about it and google seems to confirm that idea.
They use their shining, ornamented, colorful, beautiful belts to blind poor people with greed and lure them in, for later consumption, but they can also change into young women and help (for example) lost children find a way out of the woods
My english speaking self has not been as traumatized, and is a much better person to be around
Bus or trolleybus here
Some homophobes are planning a "Family March" this saturday to "protect traditional families". This is in response of the new bill that will hopefully become law very soon about adding gender-neutral civil partnership
Just for fun, I sometimes open a Lithuanian news website and see if I can understand the headlines - generally I can't.
plaktukas sounds like a baby hammer
Rational or not, Poland meets the 2% benchmark, but Lithuania does not.
But nowadays, it's all down to insurgencies.
Other than that, history shows that we are unlucky
There was certainly some of that going on after our first confirmed case but it seems to have died down
Scotland is in Europe
France was full of Commies back then too.
At the moment it would probably a song called ["Paskambink Man (Jei tau liūdna)"] or "Call me (If you're sad)" in English by Saulės Kliošas
You may have heard the more popular name Audrey, comes from the French Audra
Your imaginary scenario that the country becomes empty is just laughable.
Check if there are lorries on the main road, if not - you have right of way
So while the signs say "Кастрычніцкая вул.", everyone just says "Октябрьская".  Good luck figuring out that it's the same place even if you know Russian
/r/AbolishTheMonarchy
Discrimination on religions basis!
Ukraine is pretty well loved here
> but show a nipple
Klaipėda is sea/gas related:
Also I never seen someone use ĄŽERTY type
I go for something with lots of meat, cheese and fat
So how do you congratulate each other in Lithuanian?
From where  are
People can do whatever they want as long as its their own free will that led them to the choice
He's got a reddit degree in political science, you should be careful belittling someone so decorated.
You get a free bus ticket if you pay for parking there
It has a nice vibe
Mainly St
Train or bus inside Lithuania or when going to neighbouring countries including Estonia
Same country, school did not have any lockers, just changing rooms
-sudėt kaštona (sss-hu-dhet kash-toh-nah), which means "to put a chestnut",
That's because he takes into account Russian regions which are not in Russia, like Crimea.
What is this map actualy showing?
They're a minority in every place in Lithuania, except for a small town called Visaginas
If code has both English and another language then it doesn't make sense
The subject of the photo is a young boy who has recently joined the [Soviet pioneer organization] the title "Pioneer"), it was taken in 1964 September 1st (which is the start of a school year)
no, I checked the article before I commented, it was fine
More money, more sun and better weather with not aggressive neighbors
I wanted to name something but I guess I'm easy to please.
Equality of opportunity is in place in most Western countries
They seem to believe that states like Lithuania are not as interested in integration as much as the other ones; but still a significant amount.
15min walk or 3min on a bus
Estonia and Latvia were more consumer goods oriented, therefore their factories could sustain more workers than their local populace could fill, so russians/belarussians/ukrainians were relocated to fill those spots
In all these countries basketball is more or less the sport number 2, after football, except Lithuania where it is the most popular sport.
Šia teise jis gali igyvendinti neatsižvelgdamas i tai, ar galejo išvengti kesinimosi arba kreiptis pagalbos i kitus asmenis ar valdžios institucijas
> It was
Although I can understand some Lithuanian, I don't understand a word in Estonian.
cut of one head, two more shall take it's place
You just figured that out
Interesting, 4000 people , armored vehicles, carrier groups, permission to enter other countries, and a plan of distribution / logistics all in the span of one week.
We have laser industry, time to start building a large black station with turbolaser to ensure stability and our security
Shooting with intention to kill is illegal
Honestly just get a red fox throw it into green field and take a picture.
There are probably differences between estonian and lithuanian mentlaities that make our opinions differ
That's such a weird one
I don't see legit reason why occupation of Northern Cyprus makes whole Cyprus as not 'free'.
Well, if a dumpling is just dough wrapped around a filling, then our “Kibinai” should be good
Read a lecture in the local american school once.
but fr 20 € for 300 mbits
Hey, Lithuania, wanna split it 50/50?
Your flag is so beautiful
In Lithuania we have 8% ethnic Russians and 8% Poles, some of which also speak Russian as their native language.
We don't have anything that is *that* famous though
Lithuanian people I have heard about:
Chemically washed chicken isn't even the top of the list of issues
Ja sem Netoperek - CZ I am Batman, PL I am a little bat
I didn't say machine-gun I said sub-machine gun, which is a bit of misnomer
Actually Polish-Lithuanian
By the way if you have this thing in your country for certain time, you sure don't find this complicated, but for me, who heard this for first time
In lithuania it’s called Šašlykai
They ran over dozen people while shooting and beating up thousand of un-armed civilians, you need to realize that American and worlds eyes were on Lithuanian path of independence road was foreseen by TV's, after the events international pressure happened, even millions of Russian came to streets to protest Soviet atrocities.
Russia always wants to intervene.
In Klaipeda:
Fwiw, in our defense, he only went batshit crazy after becoming a president, which didn't [last long]
Well I don't know, but in my eyes, Romania is same, but more corrupt (no offense)
I'm sure you didn't ask a Lithuanian opinion, but "Poles from actual Poland" are a wondrous, rare, ultra-civilized Western beings to us.
My grandfather and my grandmother are both born in 1929.
5€/month]
Writing in water
Dnieper Balts lived more up north and Yatvingians more west.
But there is *Trys milijonai eurų* or *Three million euro*. People said it's a decent comedy
According to UN, Lithuania now belongs to Northern Europe
Indeed that sounds logical, though i am quite sure that there was no need to leak sensitive information.
But then again, I'm not a big fan of mainstream pop music in general.
Such a big country and just now
Even easier to report that then.
I remember visiting Canary islands a few years back
In one of them a USSR spaceship finds an abandoned american ship
Lithuanian is very phonetical language, there's no words with random pronunciations
Sure Euro at it's present form has a lot of issues.
I prefer [one of these] I like the 4th and 6th one in particular or [this one] just cause it is still kind of historical but easier to mass produce than the rider one
The drivers are inside glass cabins, the engine and the traffic are loud, and almost no one ever exits the bus from the door that is next to the driver (usually only through the middle and back ones)
Post it
Ich rufe den Artzt an
Like "protecting against Russian tanks" or so "Lithuanians wouldn't flee to Russia" and it's not a wall, but a simple fence ffs.
Yep, we Lithuanians are having similar problems
Actually Soviet regime made Lithuanian economy pretty stagnant (compared to capitalist Europe) and deported+killed hundreds of thousands of people
Excellent point
Be proud of American accent as I think it's the most clear and easy to understand one, at least for us, non-native English speakers who basically learnt English through movies, YouTube, internet
I would encourage using [the political compass] just so we use the same metrics rather than just rely on our own presumptions and potential biases about ideologically charged terms.
Soo these statistics are pretty accurate.
It has been open since 2007 and I hasn't changed much, only some more cross-border roads have been reconstructed or built
I enjoyed walking through Vienna
Oh, wait, you never said so
Can we please continue
Ant=on
You need projects to get the funding, and if you're more efficient in coming up with projects to actually spend the money you've been offered, you're better off.
Its our capital after all (This wont make sense to anyone who is not Lithuanian so I will explain this.
Is the western and northern side not very fond of Latgalians
I even started using my university outlook because it looks better than Gmail
You can haz guns in Switzerland.
Maybe to themselves
Aren't most of your beaches rocky
In his defence the community over reacted.
Lots of country flags, lots of little hearts among them, cartoon characters, Mona Lisa is still there, the Darth Plagueis has been untouched for quite a while now, etc
2014 - we reelected what we had - Grybauskaitė, since she was doing quite good a job
Sanders was basically Ron Paul 2.0.
In the Hollywood remake everyone will have shitty over-the-top French accents,
Thus, everyone has an ID card, which also works for traveling within EU.
What's the end game for the country?
learning about events that would be the beginning of the end for the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth
you means us and Latvians or just us, cuz both are accurate
\- Well duh, that's how it works
Don't forget "pas nykštukus" - "at the dwarfs"
Interesting fact - it all could come from the ancient greek word for something bad/evil κακός.
What I'm also curious about is why we Lithuanians say *vaskiči* (at least in my neighborhood) when playing the game, instead of *šulinys, popierius, žirklės* ('well, paper, scissors')
Metų kamuolį. - ...a ball of the years
I doubt whether anyone in Belarus cares about Dieveniškės ( that's appendix's official name)
To me this seems unlikely given how different the cultures of Islam and secular Germany are.
Most of the words are for anglicized topics such as technology, business and finance
Hey chapo tankies just a friendly reminder that Stalin was a homophobe and Lenin ordered execution of sex workers
You can brain yourself or chip some bones with a blunt steel sword very easily.
Not necessarily backstabbing (that's way too harsh and sounds like something a fascist would say) but simply poor integration.
The reason is that those few extra countries are places like Tonga or Solomon Islands
Not Lithuanizing people from acquired lands, adopting foreign language and not accepting Christianity much earlier.
For example my brother had a huge (like HUGE) benign mole on his cheek
Un Russian and Lithuanian it's also just Holy Roman Empire
Yeah, it seemed too tame for a Finn.
We just skip a bunch, we learn the medieval times where we were a superpower in Europe (~1300) and the we just jump straight to The occupational years courtesy of Russia and then back to the first spoken Lithuanian words
DUDE I have the same map as you do
Not that I'm aware of
Now growing up would matter a lot and would depend on a country
My people should learn a thing or two from yours about standing up for themselves
I am a bit surprised there is no France on it
Great, sadly there isn't a Lithuanian Paneuropa chapter but if you want I could give you some info for the Polish or Latvian Paneuropa.
I wish it was possible to be neutral for us...
Wiki list of companies owned fully by the Swedish state is 20 companies
At least Russia we know what we can count on
Depends on the beach
Drebučiai, želė, they refer to the same thing most of the time.
Jogaila ( powerful rider)
So congrats to every lithuanian out here!
• voverė or voveraitė ( sounds the same as a "girolle" funghus) - squirell
well it highly depends on the season we are in
Cause youre Baltic
Folders, colors
Most prominent is Samogitian
Lithuanian language is also unrelated to Finnish, but has some relation to Slavic languages.
) and Mėnulis (moon, masc
Only one is a rival, the other one doesn't really care about it
Is it just me or we have Lithuania independence anniversary once a month??
And when you take into account crashes and etc.
Both words are correct, but since this is about Lithuanian costumes use glorious *Leprekonas*.
Lithuania and Russia are different comparison.
But Grodno is a real Litva, not some Lithuania, its count.
My femine side of family hates Ukrainians(I'm Ukrainophile side :P) due to "xenophobic reasons" (Just like XIX Century racist hated Black People, **lazy,stealing bastards,don't know English/Polish, bad mentality,stole jobs from Poles,ugly prostitutes,drunkards**.
One step forward, two hundred steps back
After that additives like quince fruit, cherries, or nuts are added
A united Europe is better than a shattered one
Wont change much
That's why I read a lot about WWII now, and sometimes it is a completely different story than I was taught in school
Riga (Latvian capital) also belonged to Hansa trade league and was important trade port in the region (ruled pretty much by Germans if I am not wrong)
[Well technically we are in the northern border] And we hate Easter Europe tag given to us, thats why we argue.
"Self-proclaimed" is probably the best translation
>plaktas
Soviet Union invaded neutral Finland.
Bums buy it because it is tax free and therefore cheaper.
NATO is not some kind military alliance that is going to invade half of the world or some kind of special rich country club.
There's a fair number of them in the suburbs, not so many in the city itself
Party leader is an agriculture tycoon who imports nasty Russian fertilizer and drives an Escalade
Estonians and Lithuanians - we finally have the *casus belli* to invade Latvia, divide it along the Daugava River line and bring bagged milk to their stores!
And their new friends are just using them as a source of cheap manpower and as a buffer in case of new pan-European war.
Estonians and Lithuanians can relate.
I mean, according to Wikipedia it's Belarus
[ This how it looks
But exclusively during english lessons I personally write printed ones because it makes my bad handwriting seem less wack
Same, my Lidl recently had rabbits
No it actually all happens in Poland.
I am so confused right now
Que pasa amigo
same
Both are psychos, none of them should have lighter shade of white washing.
All I can say is that I'm gutted for the Scots
I like cepelinai, kugelis and kvass, although I detest šaltibarščiai
You like to engage in casual conversation with strangers?
If I recall correctly there is also a page or two from section "Good to know" where authors mentioned some items for safe sex (condoms /birth control), but these types of pages are considered "off curriculum" so it's up to teacher to decide to teach or not
Because nuclear arms are a thing.
To us it's people whole lived during the USSR and people who only lived in a "free Lithuania"
Neša, neša vainikaitį.
I disagree
Well, good luck and I do actually mean that
cs_italy
Adults think it's a real problem while the youth thinks it's a myth and jokes about it.
Now we use geothermal because it's easier on our back.
why though
Last years edition - sea buckthorn flavour
i was taught jugendherberge meant children's night hostels (rough translation), does it just mean hostels
Well I am up for new referendum, but only if its curated properly and people will be held accountable for what they say.
But thank you for asking nonetheless
Open door: "Were you born in a bus
Meanwhile we restore Livonia and force Estonians fight on our side, then we fight of Russia together and make peace with Lithuania, which probably is too exhausted from restoring the Grand Duchy to acctually attack us.
I rode my bike yesterday around noon, had a couple errands to run
So I get to sleep until 8
How so
Wales are just brainwashed by Englishmen, they were ruled for centuries by you!
> we even get around or even above zero temperatures in mid winter
It's interesting how much work they put into this.
* Mikalojus Konstantinas Čiurlionis
Kurwa ja perdole
In the last season he got to drive from Lisbon to Skarsvåg (the northernmost town in Norway) and back, several times
I would rearrange the colors so that it looks more reggae
Explains your irrational hatred to Germans.
The Nines is a go to drink for younger people because its quite cheap, high in alcohol and delicious
Dziękuje bardzo :)
My family used to speak Russian, so I couldn't understand them, but they have forgotten it as most of the people I guess in Lithuania who knew Russian
That shit is nothing to joke about here
North Germany is usually always included in the Northern European plain
I see it as any place in Europe that was under Soviet control either directly via annexation or indirectly by being a puppet state, but, and that's a very important but, still, to this day, retains much of the soviet "look" (commieblocks, trash in the streets, people in tracksuits) and soviet mentality.
I just detest kefir, and sadly it is used for this soup as well
Moscow have a higher living standard compared to Lithuania so why not?
It was long time puppet of Russia
I believe, sanity is sometimes stronger than our retarded politicians
It's not an official or relevant thing.
Why are you even responding to me about this?
What happens if parliament veto the new deal and there is no time to make a new one?
Same applies to bringing a gf over
Estonia did, Lithuania is "thinking" about it, a lot of soviet and religious scum are against it, some of that scum is in parliament, so outcome is not certain
Though it was considered a real case and was just...ughm...
what if something goes wrong and it hits an unintended target?
Cold (not that comfortable): -15 - -11
That's really nice to hear
Arming Kalinigrad, Russian military training close to Nato borders, their objection to put rocket shield in EU for defensive purposes even when Poland asked for it, kidnapping Estonian from Estonia illegally.
Rikis, i love you <3
Lithuanian pagan rule did have much influence on the tradition of tolerance, however the fact that PLC was largely diverse, both ethnically and religiously did helped create "incentive", also the fact that religious wars were very destructive in HRE right next door.
What have you done, after all these peaceful years this song is in my head again
Guess what russia did with Ukraine before they got rid of russian gas lines
Anyway are the Lithuanians really the ones producing this show?
Destroyed europe's last crusaders while avoiding the cross like vampires
If nobody told me I could say this could be taken in one of the neighbourhoods in a city/town I live in.
If a war starts, it will be between nuclear powers.
Drinking cold drinks from a cup
That was about passing the Lithuania and Poland and securing the link with Germany and German revolution.
It’s more “woulda” now
But that is pretty funny as the Great Duchy of Lithuania was obviously not a nation state
I am sorry, but can we sue them?
Cossacks weren't only allies to / vassals under the Russians but also under Poland-Lithuania and sometimes even the Ottomans.
I'm also used to staying at home all day but started getting stir crazy yesterday after all weekend
Delivery always included unless stated otherwise
[Make Lithuania, Grand Duchy Again!]
Odd times ahead
Your attempt of democracy was actually an authoritarian oligarch taking controll by force
If you're the target of subversive actions, you can't close your eyes and ears.
Russia and belarus not so much interesting
The oldest university in Poland was founded in 1364, while the first Lithuanian university started over two centuries later, in 1579, so the elites in Lithuania were speaking Polish and Latin for quite a long time.
Police stop lines have the same color pattern as your flag.
58% of inhabitants of Lithuania were Polish,
Naming him Michael would produce a completely different pronunciation of it, it would sound like the Spanish or Italian version of the name (Sort of similar to Miguel), and on top of that would look seriously out of place and weird
Graži tavo kasa
Surprisingly, it is possible to both support Lithuanian independence and be disappointed the way USSR went down.
Oh dear, our braliukas is retarded.
To begin the exchange there would need to be some cultural similarities that allow for further cultural diffusion, rather than isolation and the formation of their own enclaves, which is what we have seen so far for the most part.
Delusion abound
To be honest you were so exact, that I thinked it was true :D
Don't throw us out of EU and NATO and we'll be cool.
(even with municipal heating systems) Other than that no
Someone should let Gordon Ramsay yell obscenities at a plate of Sunday roast
I can die for Skawa draze kokosowe
* Warsaw – Varšuva
People mostly exclusively refer to Russian government hate
you don't see jeans with logos, and here in europe, people tend to wear jeans more than sports pants, which you do see with logos
Lithuanian and Latvian are Baltic language group.
School started at 7:15
Today they call themselves Poles but who knows what name they will proudly wear tomorrow.
Basically it was the allies, with soviet union as human shield to soak the bullets
Lithuanian: nemįšk prieš vėją - gurkšnį gausi
] Married five times and has 9 kids
For Lithuania it is Landsbergis.
Its a woman if i can wank to it
Also, in Polandball non-English countries can't speak English very well.
If you live alone for example, you can your pistol in your nightstand in case of a home invasion
People fought and died for their countries only for selfish, entitled people to say that the nation means nothing
But they made fries a little bigger, but way less of them, so it's kinda scam
In fact, there are 2 times more lithuanians than russians
Even during robberies a gun is almost never present, and I don't think I ever read about it being used anytime in such situation in recent years.
Just like some time someone decided to use a certain word or a combination of words as a name for the first time
Lithuanian paramilitaries sided with Germans are created and then dispersed in 1944
Constantinople will return to Greek rule one day
Laundry day must have been scary.
In general though, I have no idea what a general Lithuanian accent is since most people I know have very different accents, so I don't really have an opinion on that
The maxim gun a.k.a the machine gun.
Because that's like 3 extra german speaking countries where I can live
Thank god they haven't got their hands on any children-seeking bullets.
In addition to the close relatives of Finnish (the Finnic languages), this name is also used in the Baltic languages Latvian and Lithuanian.
(well not far right/left so not exactly those two).
Problem is that this building is abandoned, so I don't see how anybody is going to spend any of their money to make it any prettier than it is.
It must be hard to live in Russia as an open minded individual
[Ex.1] and [Ex.2] Also, when I was a small child, my grandpa used to take me to the forest and tell me stories about the goddesses and other mythological creatures like the Laumes.
Also "y" and "į" are pronounced the same way, but grammar rules define in what cases which one should be written
but somehow 2010 feels like it wasn't that long time ago.
Lithuania hasn't had a fruitful relationship with Belarus for a long time now.
Not to mention economy of Belarus regions is even worse than that of Russia
Is there a higher resolution version out there
* Doubling of military budget to catch up with the 2% of GDP pledge
We were occupied three times and then after fifty years we gained independence by forming a human chain of around 2 million people that spanned well above 600k km across the baltic states
Kingdom of Lithuania was established in 1253 (later Grand Duchy of Lithuania), it was baptised in 1387, and in 1569 together with Poland it created the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth
There is not enough bolding in the world to stop Lithuanian nationalism
The strongest nations from the core of the forces with US in Poland, Germany in Lithuania, Canada in Latvia and Uk in Estonia.
The Poles, to my knowledge, say that the reatreat wasn't fake
Not a fan of watching basketball games
We have these as well, but only people who thoroughly follow superstitions are russians :)
Mostly people do that there too
Looking at Google Earth maps is a trip
I would assume large portion of "don't care" might be ashamed of their answer (depending on a country they can be against or pro gay marriage, but don't want to disclose their personal views for what ever reason)
Any photos of the physical leaflets?
\-15 (or colder) with wind/-20 (or colder) without wind is when I wanna avoid going out
Maybe I'm just new, but there isn't a lot to talk about in our sub and there are more English posts than what I was expecting...
Lithuania, the home country of Hannibal Lecter
There's a saying in lithuanian that goes "neapeina" or "neapeina man". It roughly translates to "it's not walking around", although it means "i don't care".
And enjoy your time
Oh look, Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania came in bottom 3 and Russia won.
This was a strategic military plan by Baltics!
Well, shit, we are as bad as French
2019/04/20, to be exact
Hey braliukas
It's also a big nationwide celebration
He was a true national treasure for both countries
But have you asked yourself: by what cost all this economical growth happened?
That's really nice to hear
IPA classification is [ɣ] (hard) or [ɣʲ] (soft)
Shaun Streeter was hired for a flatrate by the German Neomagazine to voice all countries.
You can't live in two countries simultaneously
Some families make it like gravad lax
I clicked the link to their website
The rest hang up a flag on Independence days and other Lithuanian holidays
Pay with your card
We have suffered enough during 170 years of Russian/Soviet oppression
I pay like 15 for 300mbps in Lithuania
It's nice and everything, but coronavirus does cough cough
>If you were to describe the idea of capitalism to people living under feudalism, they'd laugh you out of the room
"Anykščių šilelis" by priest Antanas Baranauskas and "Trakų pilis"by priest Maironis (Jonas Mačiulis)
So I wouldn't say that list is very accurate
I don't know if that accent in the video is a stereotypical Lithuanian accent, just as an example one of the most prominent features in the Lithuanian language is devoicing (making the last few sounds of  words softer/quieter), this doesn't happen in the video
Defending Ukraine from the globalist homogay conspiracy of the EU?
We can put anything we want in there
I celebrate Kūčios and Vėlinės like they are described in encyclopedias, and I like basketball when it's Žalgiris or Lithuanian team playing
Also you said ex soviet states which is a lot more than the Baltic.
In some way, maybe, but they're still a little different
Also it affected my accent a bit- my speech has become more slurred and fast
Poland-Lithuania was defenetly more united than Italy for example.
Fucker should have thought before feeding all that grain to Nazis
Yet again we are winning, its like you guys are not even trying
Doubly so if you have a good scapegoat.
Don't think anyone's watching it here
You're joking, WW1 literally started because of Serbian nationalist claims on bosnia.
"I've met that weird looking guy from Iceland that gave me this card" probably is a story that guy from, say, rural China will continue to tell many times and probably will be eager to learn more about it.
My Ukrainian is rusty, looks like Ukraine only.
Having really stupid politicians around its nice to see not everybody is like that
[Seems about right] (No pun intended).
Just saying
And: Lithuania, Russia, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, etc.
Like, how about reading a fucking BOOK on feminism instead of getting all your ideology from other college girls' blogs about the Sociology 101 they just took last Monday
In the legal sense I mean, because he's already done a lot of good things for the LGBT community (especially the T part) in five years than the entire government of 20 years work
I don't think it was called anything else than Čekija in Lithuanian, but I thought it was disrespectful or something to call it Czechia in English too
It doesn't look like an awful render of metro from a game 10 years ago in real life?
I don't know much about cars, but mine doesn't have a problem starting up
Although I liked the actual story, there is so much to read
We've built a lot of stuff since 2004.
It was socialist
When someone needs to wait for you
It's simply useless
Interesting how social media is being blocked in Turkey while at the same time Erfo trolls are out in force.
Nice try
Upon inspection police found secret living room, inside Putin was found - drinking tea in his pajamas.
But meh
There is nothing else for it to mean but a 100%.
Why do they even care
Currently there's no cult per se if you talk about random people on the street but the media tries really hard to create it.
Seldom, but only when making fun of Americans.
If you take 1-3 country example as it was originally in cold war you can say that UK is third wold country because it does not want to belong in 1st (the EU) or second (the swing countries).
And again, the whole Baltics is still a contentious place, with a considerable Russian population and understandable russophobia.
Live CO2 emissions of the European electricity production
Yes, it happened to me as well
Russians are slim fit and healthy people
"Skanaus", it means enjoy your meal
So now an Illuminati is no longer the globalist lizard people but ultra-nationalists that want to divide and control the world, amirite?
Generation losses plus transmission losses is in the same ballpark as vehicle internal combustion engine energy losses
We were different because it was not only the nobles that adopted the Polish language.
While I like the effort put in, it lacks some Lithuanian-ness in it
So i happened to know some people who worked there
Kaunas: Competing with Vilnius
The sedond wave is hitting us hard
Reminds me post-vote protests against Trump or Brexit.
I mean, they’re all the same
But we never were a colonial empire, our approach is different.
šešios žąsys su šešiais žąsyčiais
You don't have to mention you're from Lithuania, you don't represent us.
The Lithuanian one is not even a swear word, it's just a verb meaning 'to swear'.
- The cash register is on the table
During the holiday, some kind of a straw woman is burned and kids pretend to be Gypsies and knock on doors asking for "pancakes, cocoa or money".
It's just what I've heard, but I'm not sure
If I had to say, then we need to know Russia a bit more in depth, but not too much.
Smeltė? Mašiotas
Yep, when someone from Žemaitija region tries to speak Lithuanian to me
But even reading is hard since they have many different words
You have to be seriously high on plastic fumes to let your neighbours kill you with their trash.
Short googling only helped me to find one attack in Ryga in 1998.
Kind of the same reason why BBC sounded funny.
Klaipėda isn't visited very often
Of course the holy roman empire is a rare subject, but when it does come up, it's called simply "Romos Imperia". I've never heard it called otherwise
Only needed to show ID to get on the ferry on the way to the UK
East and West in a nutshell
Skinny guy wins because fat guy represents the ending of lazy and workless winter
As someone from a Baltic state, I cannot relate lol
I've had Americans ask "hi, how areeee yooooooouuuuuuuu???" and then walk away.
My relatives strongly suffered from the Soviets and I'm not a Russophile, together I am fluent in 3-4 foreign languages
[Germans are bros, never forget.
Don't know about Lithuania, but my great-grandfather returned to Poland and faced no repression.
Because they are all gonna end up in Germany anyways.
It depends on the country
If people hate it, it shouldn't be there
Few foreigners live here, and most of them are doing quite well
Possibly ever
3-5 kids out of 30 vape in my class.
Essentially, yes
Considering that he was heirless almost to his end this might be true.
I have tasted this in Lithuania and got PSTD from your picture.
Also you can support them on Patreon :) Awesome idea and pretty good show/channel, but only for Lithuanians
Another example we could debate Born in former GDL lands, publicly stated that he is Lithuanian (so either Lithuanian or Belarusian).
Yeah, I was surprised that Baltics were assigned to Central Europe
Šiauliai have bicycle, photography, cat museums, big malls to shop, very known boulevard and other interesting places
The interesting thing is that Christmas (Kalėdos) in lithuania is by some still called "Saulėgrįža", which can be translated as "The return of the sun".
Hell, even Juncker already admitted that they can't get the migrants board planes to other destinations than Germany.
Oh wait i just realised that i am completely wrong
Ten=there
Clearly it works for us since our pollution levels even when it hits -30 are still tolerable and not 800% above the norm.
I like their flow and how different tue languages are from my own
Add some black lines and stars to the old one and instantly be recognized as the Sub-Saharan state we were meant to be ️
Getting lost in a forest is somewhat understandable, we have some big forests, but then most of them have 4G reception
Second biggest uni I finished a few years ago didn't have anything of the sort
My road trips through the Baltics were usually about a weak long and I'm usually just doing Latvia/Estonia
You know peoples livelihoods and nuclear arms are on the line right?
all the names were made up once
Oh, I see you somehow got hold of my travel itinerary
The name is derived from the lake Punia in this town and Punia is derived from Pūna, which means "(that thing) is rotting".
Soviet union however was one man to rule them all, with others agreeing or risking to be executed
Maggi is huge in Europe
can we get him banned
We're not exactly wealthiest of them and certainly not the most equal...
It's called April Fool's because you have to be a total fool to buy into far left propaganda
Oh great, so you can go in debt too
Šia teise jis gali igyvendinti neatsižvelgdamas i tai, ar galejo išvengti kesinimosi arba kreiptis pagalbos i kitus asmenis ar valdžios institucijas
I bet 10 Euros it would sound something like "EU votes UK to leave.
It's defensive alliance of collective nations that want to ensure peace is in their region.
5  - penki,
There's Laumes, which are women, kinda similiar to the Ladies of the Wood from the witcher 3
But don't expect many people to be able to name all of the states
The State of Lithuania is an independent democratic republic
I don't know of any broker that operates in all of the EU.
Yea, I'm an avid player of historical games like EU4 and I'm aware that most eastern european / germanic coat of arms show an eagle (Brandenburg, Germany, Poland, Lithuania, Russia) and yet my subconscious goes there, mostly due to how uncommon those symbols are over here.
Nope
Not all the way through really.
Russia
1569 is when the commonwealth came to be.
Two of those are Soviet-era and [third] is few years old.
I've been thinking about exploring the Baltic States for quite a long time, only managed to visit Lithuania.
I cracked up at "careful, slaves".
If Scottish MP's want to be in EU its way easier to sabotage Mays campaign of leaving EU than leave UK and join EU yourselfs
They are meant to make public appearances, unify the country, bestow honors on civilians, host foreign dignitaries, and often hold a number of *de jure* but not *de facto* powers like formally appointing cabinet secretaries or ministers (it's the PM that actually chooses them), dissolving parliament (on the request of the PM), serving as commander-in-chief of the military (they don't actually have much control over it)
The issue with Polish last names in Lithuania is that Polish want to write their names in characters that don't exist in Lithuanian language.
So perhaps go post this at t_d then ?
And it's going to be rebranded into Opel Ampera-e for Europe in 2017.
1 euro - Ice cream bar
(Skip the whataboutism, the situation elsewhere is known for those who are interested)
In Lithuania, it was [book smugglers]
Guns are legal in most of Europe, you just need a permit
The burden of proof is on you first.
Three that I know are:
Dominykas isn't talking about garlic bread..this is what he was talking [about]#tbm=isch&q=kepta+duona&imgrc=_ )
However, actually **now** Lithuania is in its heydays
I personally hear a lot of Belarusian and Russian words in their speech and can understand like 90% of what they are saying despite all the "rz's" and "sz's" they put in every word.
Because people chose to
It’s an obligation to your ancestors, family, neighbours
Mantas ir Monika - Žemė plokščia
How Lithuania is in Hungarian
Oh, right
Ah, badge of honor
Motherfucking autocorrect :DDDD
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia are really interesting places to visit and have tons of history, culture and are really cheap for someone from England due to good exchange rates!
That is very far from a free market state.
Seems you forget this is also the country that split Germany in half.
See you on March 11th when our next independence day is celebrated
2014 - we reelected what we had - Grybauskaitė, since she was doing quite good a job
Oh so Lithuania is the only country that has a crystal clear history, that is special!!
Poland-Lithuania, Austria-Hungary, Sweden-Finland, what the fuck?
It’s a very hard language
Because when we had protests in Lithuania a lot of people got arrested and the police were firing rubber bullets at us.
This does not include exiles who returned
Ok besides maybe Easter or Christmas
Vienas šimtas vienas, vienas šimtas du, vienas šimtas trys
Doctor
Where i live, practicality always wins
Not that I blame them, it's hard to build roads in the swampy areas.
Hence the proxy war in the Donbass, annexation of Crimea through a bogus casus belli, and non stop propaganda to make people think that NATO is obsolete.
Talk about Brazil, they're really out of luck.
For Lithuanians it would be Gudxit.
Sometimes they spoke Polish while still *singing in Lithuanian*.
*Sad litvak noises*
Others may talk tough all they want and do nothing.
It happens in extremely large crowds, having a jacket with inner pockets pretty much removes all chances of that happening.
and also a lot of soviet flats
In Lithuania pickpocketing is borderline unheard of.
oh no, the bogeyman said something right-wingers dislike.
Don't think Lithuanians have anything to be proud of to begin with
Francophone America makes some awesome unique cheeses
Oof, more shots fired
No offense, but seeing how Eastern Europeans are treating the PIGS concerning the financial and migration issues, I seriously doubt that.
Diferent countries, diferent laws.
Winter coat
It's basically abandoned now, glass is cracked, construction is rusty, fixing everything back up would cost more than tearing it all down and starting from scratch
I was joking, but I kinda doubt I would get cough, was not cough when I did that when I was a kid :) My grandmother lives by the border and is separated by river from Belarus, and from my experience Belarus doesn't really guard their border that well in that particular spot.
What’s broken for US is a very well working for East Europe
Oh, yeah, forgot about that
Because what I understand he said you need a license and then to join a sports club.
Turkey used to be the absolute must.
In the end Teutons lost the processes and refused to fullfil their obligations.
A desperate attempt to distract public attention from this court case?
I doubt he cares about her opinion.
Consider this, Lithuanians or for that matter Baltics didn't see anything good in communism, because it wasn't communism, it was bloody Stalinist regime fallowed by totalitarian state control over territories they manage to occupy and annex through WW2.
I guess "challenge" is another similarly untranslatable word
If you know a better sub for such question feel free to share because this is not my first post here asking about certain differences in European languages :)
Stomach of animals (most popular are smoked chicken stomachs)
In christian time tales, devil is pure evil, tales revolve around social injustices, morality and daily duties
Yes
Western culture was usually depicted as vapid, perverted and all that
Like the stolovaya in russia
Westerners are known to make this mistake
Wellthats mostly on business side of things I guess
Raw sugar snaps as in sugar snap peas
If we talk slowly and really choose our words, then we can understand some of each other's language.
I like this
Well, that's how PR articles work.
Would love to try it out at some point
Ja sem Netoperek - CZ I am Batman, PL I am a little bat
For all plastic bottles and cans there’s an Extra 10 cent fee, BUT if it has a “deposit sticker” then u can deposit it at a recycling box and you will get kinda like a coupon check which you can give to cashiers, and they will give u 10 cents
Biology - green
that was my first trip abroad, saw the Malbork Castle
In the best case we will get Yugoslavia 2.0.
Love it
Its something that this sub reddit really gets pissed about.
She does exactly what she says: [
You know considering how the Soviet-occupied countries ended up like post-WW2 with deportations and repressions, I genuinely doubt Spain would be better off if it came under Stalinist influence
Compare Lithuanian "aikšte" - "clearing"
Soviet shadow still poisons our minds, also relogious nuts
Don't know realy, but i suspect so.
China without them would be mostly fine, Russia without China, especially after current western sanctions, would be in ruins.
There are actual inspections and the fines are hefty.
Ethnicity is absolutely a social construct.
I feel sad for your country, if she wins.
I guess we did have higher salary costs in Lithuania, but it was still better for our line of business (other factors).
The terminal prints out a sticker
All the young leave + all the old die =???
as well as for Poland/Lithuania and for Moscow
I found a Lithuanian pronunciation [here]
Thank God USSR doesn't exist any more.
Russia would rather have them stay there to use them politically.
As soon as the borders are made right, we don't have to go any further.
They're really easy to make, and are usually baked on a pan, so there's no complex preparations or long cook time, like with cepelinai
Plus I want my cannabis plants to be protected by a married gay couple armed with full auto assault rifles.
We don't have folders and textbooks are random colors (preferably blank colors, bought from MAXIMA)
We were illegally occupied, like Latvia and Lithuania, we weren't legally nor willingly part of the USSR.
I dont believe whole EU will make it to 100 years
what's a commute
Nom   gen   gen   nom   future
We have a long historical memory which helped us survive trough ages.
We gonna get our Hannibal Lecter.
Now because of her I call people babies too and sometimes It slips and I call them a baby in front of them
>So fuck the 30% Russians living in Latvia, I suppose
> lack of access to mental healthcare
That part of the world is most definitely part of your history
Even commonwealth was culturally the same as wester Europe (what we now call western Europe)
Though younger generation don't care to offer each other slippers
Yes we did
The socialist Grizzly has fallen that day
Is a joint European air force more than a dream?
Maybe some random hill that is higher than 350 meters would also be nice
Probably 90% of non-english european language speakers have the same problem
Montenegro on the same distance to Serbia as with Lebanon and Bahrain.
Its more "profitable" to be there.
Lithuania: Dual citizenship in Lithuania is granted exceptionally.
They teach about Christianity and the pope
it wasn't built in the soviet union, but the people who designed it and built it were most certainly soviets(homo sovieticus)
Pretty much every window made in the last 15 years is like that
NI wishes to reunify are at an all time high, Scotland wants independence - soon UK will only consist of England and Wales, lol
The barrier is there, but it's not hard to jump over if you really want it.
– having for centuries staunchly defended its freedom and independence,
I don't think we do, what would the use of something like this be
Yes, I would assume a substantial portion of this sub are federalists.
Lithuania is a beautiful country, I hope I get the chance to visit there soon
Atlanta
Technically, the predecessor state of the current Lithuanian Republic is the Lithuanian Soviet Republic.
"How are these berries called
What do you mean at the same time
As if we would participate in that
We never really had issues with Brandenburg.
Although that may be translation error.
I had no idea I shared it with Lithuania!
At the end who cares what people enjoy owning
Really looking to get a unique cultural experience as well as see beautiful and unique landscapes.
Also he fought with polish troops in battle of Grunwald
Victims of Germany and Russia
I would love to see a TV series about him, something similar to [Turn] maybe.
Younger people don't seem to express much about the healthiness of being either pale or tan
CS students especially feel this when writing their graduation papers
but different explanation of the world and why you do this things.
And we're just sitting here, waiting to celebrate our 100^th anniversary for the first and the 28^th anniversary for the second declaration of independence
It'll be a long time until we see full LGBT acceptance here, which is sad
I mean, they do eat potatoes
lol I'm Scottish so it always gives me great pleasure when England do badly.
We had snow like 3 days tops in whole "Winter".
:) Such sophistication
Many people come to live in the capital but remain registered in their home towns.
Yeah, that's what I said
d) Speaking with a person from that place (especially Samogitians)
So i happened to know some people who worked there
Oh I saw article about this in Lithuania
But the person who would complain about former brutalities would have not experienced it himself.
Well, in Lithuania we have "gudas" (singular).
Is it just me or he asks for your email twice?
Recently, because of the conflicts, it's not so popular anymore though.
Some may have complexes when talking about Poland, but most have positive or neutral opinion on Poland
Bruh you moved to Latvia to be in a deadbedroom
Ukraine and Crimea crisis, we started to boost our military so it would be above 2% so we wouldn't be a free loaders like the rest of Europe, so I'm pretty sure Trump is going to defend us.
Lol america bad, europe good, huh
Simply too many cars entering Neringa during summer
It's the party of [this loon] so what can you expect.
One of the most ridiculous calques is typical for tourism texts written by Lithuanians: [cognitive path] Which is 'educational trail' in proper English
Kinda peaceful and Japan is still at war with Russia because of ww2 (if I recall correctly)
Having got a new Lithuanian friend since some months ago has kinda made me respect Lithuania even more.
There's nothing to learn if Russian leaders don't respect neighbouring countries who aren't under their boot.
It wasn't Obama's job to counter that?
Wait, are you saying those drunk Brits pissing in the fountain are 'good'?
The Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth had way sexier borders.
And the guess is only 70% accurate at most
Appreciate the color
With that worldview, I'm pretty sure everything you see, you believe to be a copy of something else.
However, people voted for no dual citizenship
Half my friends speak Lithuanian with English words in between, so mo, not really
Our historical flag is totally badass, but it would look awkward as an official flag in this day and age imo.
As I said, stuff was smuggled, some people had radio receivers to listen to Radio Free Europe, it was an american-funded news station which broadcasted to all the occupied countries around Russia
Estonia most likely developed separately from the same root and wasn't carried on from the Aesti
A historical monument that represents freedom from USSR occupation
And if you establish good recharge station network (like current gas station network) you will be fine.
This is the most accurate representation of Europe I had ever seen
I pay by app
Geographically we're Northern Europe, culturally we're central due to heavy Catholic/Lutheran influence
Current situation is ok
Stealing is not a thing as far as ive experienced it
Yes, it happened to me as well
From where  are
Leaders of post-WW2 resistance, especially Jonas Žemaitis and Adolfas Ramanauskas are treated as heroes in Lithuania, but as criminals in Russia
They're available in every food store.
Poles from Poland are cool dudes, "Poles" from Lithuania are some next level Chads.
As far as I find there is no agreed upon etymology for either version and explanations range from being Baltic, Belorussian or Germanic in origin.
Well, we don't have many urban legend monsters, but we have some mythological beasts
it's a movement: Austia, Spain, Denmark, Lithuania and Iceland also produced a spoof that air within this week and other countries may follow.
We're only starting these things next weekend.
That is not to say that any of us use any version of the Russian word "soviet" for "council".
Maybe you are using a wifi
HAHAHAHHAHAAA
] They are fairly [similar] to Russian gopniks, they're mostly Russians or Poles, or a mix of the two
Forston, B. W. 2009
This is entirely based on your circumstances and where you live and how you live
Lithuanian girl was kidnapped and killed, people searched for her whole week, but only now they know the dark truth.
Volunteers go to arena to battle for who will become the next dictator.
Don't think anyone's watching it here
I had an Israeli Arab friend in Germany who was an avid player of American football, so I have a bit of a soft spot for the game even though I've never watched it.
Athens, Greece
Ihre Meinung ist uns sehr wichtig
*pakeliu alaus stiklinę* Už nepriklausomybę!
Swedes would be like 35% of population so of course we would oppress them by taking away their mansplaining hotline.
I feel like the only people who class as us central are foreigners
100LTL for a T-shirt
It can be quite bitter like a lot of those herb-like liquours out there
Late interbellum
I and most of my family/friends live in apartment buildings, and everyone keeps theirs doors locked
Lithuania closer to China than Latvia and Estonia.
Some try to talk to their kids, some shove some books and pads in their faces (tampons are
Make an island in between the two and call it the new capital.
There was a lot to learn for the both of us while learning to communicate in the relationship due to this, but it also helped us grow
Lithuania:
There is no way that USA have a bases in Stan- states, makes no sense.
Lithuanian constitution prohibits foreign military bases, but NATO bases are OK
They dont mean it to be offensive, just reminding that "the clock is ticking and even if u plan on having kids past 30, you still need to find a suitable partner, be in a relationship for preferably years before that
It annoys me to no end that "é" is rendered as "ey" in English
It also has a male equivalent Mantas, which is my name
Litva numero dos
Take any rich western country, which is much more comparable to USA than a ex-soviet country.
A lot of money and hassle to play for a few hours with strangers
It would have a place in this world of ever-increasing automation, especially if it gets to the point where it really starts to cause large amounts of unemployment, but how would it be executed
Thats the thing people in lithuania associate the color red with
What is living in a bilingual country like
• šikšnosparnis ( leather feathers or belt feathers) - bat
Last year was probably the only year in my life were I never wore a winter coat and only walked with spring coat that mostly protects from rain rather than cold
Iceland, for recognizing our independence in 1991, the first in the West to do so
Surely OP is referring to Dalia Grybauskaitė, a karate black belt
well just look at Yeltsin's years.
And Lithuanians are humans since humans come from Kenya we are all Kenyans.
Why is Lithuanian girl not blond and blue eyed?
I'll be honest, Garbage men have had a much more positive effect on my live than bankers (or most other "fancy" professions)
* Simonas Daukantas (one of first beginners of Lithuanian National Revival)
All except one of the funerals I've been to have been "heart disease".
Just two bloody regimes killing own people
One has never had a driving violation and is regarded by everyone to be a responsible driver
After returning home I realised that I am replacing some words with English ones
The other 2 Baltic countries have 30%+ native Russian speaking population therefore what is your suggestion to do with it?
Lithuanian version says it was formed of sand brought by water in tunnels and gaps in glaciers
On one hand I am computer savy, but my other skills are lacking, skills that other people would regard as basic information
But Latvia
Semantics, the point of my argument is no one googles who won the Lithuanian election except Lithuanians.
Nor did French revolutionaries.
Reminds me of the [video of a football match (LIT-UKR)] where Lithuanians chanted for Ukraine and Ukrainians for Lithuania
This is a dumb take
Those bridges were burned, Poland in 1920s took Vilno from Lithuania the same way Russia took Crimea, they supported polish people in Vilno to make their own country this "country" ask Poland for annexation, pretty dick move I would say.
I pay by app
He even went on to criticize mitt Romney during the re-election as being too scared of Russia and attempting to use it as his boogeyman.
What's up with Kaliningrad
I'm of Lithuanian descent (though I usually say Russian, because Americans are bad with Eastern Europe), and my brothers are all way taller than average.
What local languages are represented in Eastern Latvia and Western Lithuania
Just trimmed the explanation and moved it slightly to [the very end as a footnote/last sentence] My mistake but either way this is a shift in culture either way
Then it'd be a very shitty business model
Greece rightful Russian clay now?
It's a calm and happy raggae song that simply has a really good vibe going on
I can't say Scandinavia or Ireland were popular at first too; as far as I remember the UK and maybe Spain were the first ones to go to, and all that multiplied especially after the accession to the EU.
There is quite a good liberal party here, although they do not get more than 10% of votes in most elections.
That will be an entirely new layer of MAD.
It's not bad, but it can be if you get sick or financial crisis hits.
You are mostly at the top when it comes to internet speed, get used to be number one vampire :P Also totally of topic but do hospitals have Wi-Fi?
The blet and kurva are goin strong
Just a normal friday in Finland.
Well I know many people from Wilno region and I can read history books...
It seems the Lithuanian president has an inflated ego
So cool
You just press-n-hold E or S.
You mean you haven't heard anything she or other high level politicians have said about the matter?
Your points are valid, but you still have to have the money to buy a new car or you'll end up like an average Lithuanian with a 10+ year old pile of garbage on the go.
Although scary, but also could be used for headlines like: "How my toaster/lamp/dildo/shoes/pen/car participated in the biggest hack ever" The creative potencial of funny headlines that the future holds is truly amazing
They can supply the whole wasteland of USA and can't launch a EU wide site?
Even in schools ww2 is talked way more than ww1.
I like the Czech Republic more because Czechia sound like Чечня (Chechnya, Chechen Republic) in russian
Baumkuchen is a bit different isn't it
Why
I love the Latvian name for Greece because "Griekas" in Lithuanian means sin, so Greece in Latvian sounds like Sin land.
Also nice account with 1 comment 👎
That's the most bizarre and the most interesting way to play games.
Jorė (f), Visvaldas (m)
According to them, only the Nazis committed genocide in history
Aight you're joking
April Fools is more than a week away.
I would expect them to be slightly more "germanized" than us (after all that what Nazis believed, but that's another story :D) Estonians and Latvians both are protestant rather than Catholic, Both ruled by germans for couple centuries.
So Baltic states should be demilitarized countries because what, we are small and have borders with Russia
Poland much like Lithuania has a close history with the region
It's sad how often people like to exclude Russia and the rest Eastern European countries that are not in the EU from their maps and discussions about Europe, like you are not Europeans.
So lets presume that Lithuania, Russia, Estonia & Finland deploy numerous bases and warships around your borders without any explanation and even if you had signed a treaty with them which says that they will not do build a base/fleet 200 km from your boarder, which they obviously not respect...
Aweful thing
And say I was invited to one, it wouldn't occur to me to get a bottle of alcohol, I stopped drinking alcohol like 4-5 years ago, when I started having depressive episodes when drunk and horrible hang overs the next day (at a ripe age of 19-20 :D)
Don't mix respect to getting straight to the point.
Not really hard to understand when you look at few main points.
[Bring it on Frenchie.]ė#/media/File:Lietuvos_kariuomene_1938.Army_of_Lithuania_in1938.jpg)
Given name + Family name
Unless another fortmagedon of Europe happens and triggers Cowpocalypse of Europe this sub will be perfect for my taste.
I guess some Lithuanians are on it.
Because the moment you think you have the balkans figured out they go ahead and do something rather silly that changes everything(like Greeks insisting Macedonia is supposed to be called FYROM).
They hurt us at first, but now new markets are being discovered by manufacturers so it's no longer an issue.
Before the concept of nationality (XIX century) we had Jewish minority, German minority, Tatars, Ruthenia’s, Lithuanians, Dutch villages (religious prosecution refuges sine you know, freedom of religion in PLC) etc.
>Lithuanian book smugglers or Lithuanian book carriers (Lithuanian: knygnešys, plural: knygnešiaĩ) transported Lithuanian language books printed in the Latin alphabet into Lithuanian-speaking areas of the Russian Empire, defying a ban on such materials in force from 1864 to 1904
I dont really see how Paskistan or India could invade russia either
Like I mentioned, many countries gained independence with blood and hard work
It's rather how you see [EU fund ads] on every corner.
This wasn't a school shooting, this was a JEWISH kids shooting.
Btw, Estonia is in the right here, if that isn't obvious
It's usually very safe to assume that any story that came from a guide is bullshit.
101, 102, 103
As I said I am reading Machevli book where he just simply says that when you conquer a new land (aka transition of power) you must kill former rulers (Farage in this case rules over brexiters).
Would you recommend reading up on the historical events the film is based on before watching
I also have fibre connection at home...
On my trip to canada (which I assume is culturally somewhat similiar to america), I noticed that lots of people there, wear sports clothes on a daily basis, while in general, in europe these clothes are not as frequent
If you stopped making enemies, Russia would be in a far better place.
English: Dont piss against wind - you will get a sip
If all that doesnt suffice: you can rent a loading van, and most gas stations offer trailer rental
Estonia, so they could be truly *baltic*
So word order is a lot less important than it is in analytic languages like English
I went with class trips nearly everywhere in Samogitia
Pillaged so hard Duke Algirdas had a hard time carrying all the bribe gold back to Vilnius
Merkel just went with the flow to get the support up.
End of Soviet occupation always makes me happy.
Lithuania - Lietuva
ininkas/ė- someone who is doing something (this case- prays) professionally
Baumkuchen is a bit different isn't it
:D our bros
18C in Fall is cold, 18C in spring is hot
I'm from Palanga, a beach resort in Lithuania and majority of our foreigner tourists are Estonians.
The "normal" lithuanization of this name would be to use the slavic version of it, "Mikhail", or in this case, "Michailas" but again, it sounds completely different, no longer cool, and it sounds like an old person's name
For the Lithuania, the most iconic (my opinion) is probably "Tarp pilkų debesų"
I am still doubting that they will leave.
It's totally unexpected, since the mountains there are really smooth and not really rocky, and suddenly you see these sandstone pillars in the middle of the forest
Denmark - Danija
60EU difference which could easily be explained by Lithuania's huge shadow economy.
Not included :( Hate when that happens
Because an accountant is useful and smart?
You know its funny to me read Lithuanian's comments like this one.
I went to one of them on my first date eons ago and had this great milk and orange juice drink
I believe this bird is called the bittern
>where should be the capital
Well, now you know how Baltic states feels about all those "*country* is shivering from the fear of Russia" articles
100% agree with everything, the only thing I would add is rude customer service.
I wonder that, too
I really liked Slovakian north with the mountains and valleys carved by rivers with occasional castles here and there
Maybe it’s the nationalistic/ fascist past
Any ideas why that might be since it would seem to agree with your experience - of what is conventional where you live - as well?
They have a really nice language, and beautiful cities.
Technically you failed to predict 2 days into future.
Uruguay, in terms of size (both population and area) and economic development
That was the point :) People do think that we speak Russian even though Russians in Lithuania are a very small group (
I'm close to Poland
Not to boast but I feel like Lithuania is doing a better job than Estonia, when it comes to preservation of democracy
I don't care about basketball
Means 24hours or a day (not night or day specificly)
Sauna and fantastic beer party, guys!
Lithuanian governement argued for accepting all the Soviet demands and not resisting in line for not to destroy economy get people repressed and killed
I would say the wide boulevards of Berlin are very pleasant to walk and give a wonderful sense of space and freedom, see Karl-Marx-Allee.
About 50 years of being fucked
They teach about Christianity and the pope
Vilnius county has 2/3 of all lithuanian minorities, and many people who live even near the city have worse looking houses, yards, fences, public property than those in the furthest, most desolate regions of lithuania
well you should be good with giving back Breslau because Krakow is almost the same.
The latter however renounced all claim to it in 1990
Melnas/Mėlynas
Cheap kebabs from places that work 24/7 are the best
Lithuania was smaller and less developed, so it got dominated culturally and that's seldom a pleasant thing.
I haven't watched Luxembourg yet, though.
no such place lol
No pub
To me, this does not run afoul of person consent, which should always be upheld whenever possible.
That's beautifully put
Those can be more dangerous sometimes
Lithuania, hottest it got was around 38, as far as my memory is concerned.
So heavily guarded
Brother latvian folk song:
This argument implies that only SU can bring industrialisation.
Speaking a language that's considered to be older than even Greek and the most archaic Indo-European language there is
Winter barely started and it feels like there was already more snow than in the last two winters combined.
Spent a night roaming through Olomouc in 2014 and Prague in 2015
Excellent point
Billboards, advertisements - EVERYWHERE
(also please say in what town do you live)
So calming and in sync with nature
Student, my parents gifted me 1 room apartment in Kaunas as a starter pack.
Polish farmers/villagers
Finally my crush will get on a date with me!
I am in that group so in r/Europe I have 53 post karma and 7595 comment karma...
I had only 5 hours in Amsterdam, so I need to revisit it back some day
And please, the bus infrastructure is pretty good in our small capital, you don't need to drive your 1990s audi these 8km to work every day.
For example a drunk person might be a bit to loud, but being a bit to loud is not illegal
In Europe they were the only ones who were not catholics aka "the devil servants".
Speeds are the same
My reasoning is as follows: Smaug hoarded gold and fought dwarfs.
I'll try the others, thanks
However, 123 years under Russian rule is has not been enough and we will be fucked by the Soviets for another 5 decades
However, if you go to a traditional Lithuanian cuisine restaurant and are feeling adventurous, ask them for their own brew!
It's hard to argue with his assesment
Plus [Battle of Kircholm] is like real life version of [Ride of the Rohirrim]#t=3m30s) given the ratio between the armies and tactic they used (charging from the hill while shouting „muški!“ - "attack", inducing fear).
I don't live in NL at the moment, but I visit it several times a year and I have to keep a Maestro card (and keep paying for one) just for that purpose
Swedes - it is time to assimilate.
And could you give links to Russian language and culture ban?
If it was about who speaks 3 languages, i think most of us Lithuanians know Russian, English and Lithuanian.
A car crashed into a bus stop is a meme at this point.
That's all well and good till Russia invades Lithuania, then the well you built in pakistan doesn't mean shit anymore.
lt]
As I said, more like it's clear as day he did it because he's butthurt about Lithuania's lack of relevance.
I think he's referring to the invading force, not the citizens.
But damn, Maidan protests, the fight against the government and Russian tanks at the borders reminds me so well about the fight for independence in Lithuania in 1991, when the people (hundreds of thousands for a country of 3.5 million, and my parents included) went out to the streets to fight Russian tanks and soldiers who came to occupy the parliament, TV tower, radio towers with their bare hands and bodies.
What didn't help also, is long history of Russian imperialism, that Lithuania and its neighbors have suffered from
There are so many arguments to be made about how even if applied, the 2% is an empty number with no security value to be gained, especially in Lithuania and Latvia.
Lithuanian one
worst part here - even if people understand that it's the road to dictatorship, there is little they can do outside of armed rebellion
And a lot more of elderly uses internet than you think, again we need to look at other countries and our relative usage seems to be oddly low especially knowing how good our internet infrastructure is.
It helps
Anyway, my bike computer has a thermometer and while I don't trust it 100% (bought in in Lidl for like 7€) it [heated up to 45C] in just a couple minutes of direct sunlight
I myself had a lot of girl friends when I was a boy
That will completely bankrupt Russia if they tried to built it through Baltic sea.
Hey
Her mom once showed him a picture of a huge 1930s family gathering, and pointed out one man - her father - who was the only one to survive the nazis.
i love rabbit
Well, we don't have many urban legend monsters, but we have some mythological beasts
I was 14 and went with my choir to Berlin
I don't even know how many times someone asked where I'm from, I told them and they said "Oh yes, Lithuania, what a beautiful country!
What Eastern Europeans of all ages have to say about the differences of communism vs capitalism
“ant” (on something)
I recommend watching [this Ted Talk about city flag design]
Markets only factored in the unpredictability of situation, that is why Pound has dropped.
That's why every year we say [Takk, Ísland
Feminine surnames are also commonly left intact
Or Lithuania/Latvia back in the past.
Catalonian economy is strongest in Spain.
Switzerland is a very interesting and beautiful country, one of my favorite places to visit
Paleistuvė (slut/promiscuous woman) - the relaser, as in 'to let go'
Latvia
He'd probably die in a mysterious way it he did it too publicly, though
Any russians here who can confirm or deny
This has just been reinforced, can't blame Lithuanians at all.
I mean I heard that at one point putin banned teching kids that homosexuals exist
And the sim does not matter at all.
Both of them are hard according to my English and American friends
Made the life of Europeans even worse
Edited: a typo
I know
What happened
So his options would be - a bullet to the head, siberia or gulags.
And you excluded Latvia and Lithuania.
For countries in Asia/Africa differently than in first world countries children do not add to the cost but add to the income.
Edit - I had lived in London
We never hated Russians, we hate the Russian government and their brainwashed lackey army
It is just too big, to drive through, I would prefer a boat
* Martynas Mažvydas
It's ridiculous when translated, but it sounds alright 'lok, stauk arba šauk' haha
I assume they have Latvian citizenship, thus they are "latvian nationals". I don't think it's talking about ethnic latvians
Countries are based on constitution.
There is many historical works on that theme, Belarusian historians claim that belarusians created Grand Duchy of Lithuania
Irish people get along well with people from Eastern Europe like Poles, Lithuanians, and Ukrainians.
Time for history lesson young Kebap.
They just come here to visit our shoping centers mostly
Lithuania will never leave the EU.
Save=myself/yourself
More like 26-28
Vilius old town, Kuršių marios(Curonian lagoon, separated from the sea by a 94km long dune ),Kernavė archeological site(the first historical capital of lithuania), and Skurvės geodezinis lankas, which is a triangulation chain which goes from norway to the black sea, and cuts through lithuania along with 9 other countries
The Gediminas Castle, The Three Crosses, etc
Especially after Sakartvel and Ukraine
G&G sindikatas - Muzika kuri saugo
* Maironis
I believe many Estonians don't know that [mass song festivals] are a thing in Latvia and (to a certain degree) in Lithuania as well.
Whats that area where Lihuania is placed?
What a sad outlook
Paper ticket for one ride (they have QR codes on the back so the scanner scans them)
Nobody is insane enough to escalate any conflict into nuclear exchange, not even North Korea, its an atrocity and could escalate other countries to resort to nuclear weapon usage, which has catastrophic potential to undo human development in centuries or millennia even
Is it actual marxists being marxists or edgy edge-lords being edgy?
It's not as comfortable to travel between Lithuania and Poland with trains as one would imagine.
I'm also used to staying at home all day but started getting stir crazy yesterday after all weekend
Our current president is Gitanas Nauseda
Unless you mean textbooks which ain’t mega expensive here either
I personally wouldn't sacrifice nature for roads
POV: You are 30 yo Lithuanian in EC, and you know how to do memes
Closed after 30 years of exploitation
Well, there ain't no "Wilno" no more, and there is a Vilnius.
This post in general just reminds me of him
Quick question: There is a lot of talk about how the Caesar artillery system is operated outside the actual vehicle, but isn't the PzH 2000 also operated that way?
I want a list of names with fuckers who voted for
As far as I know it's a Lithuanian invention.
Here is an example of standard Lithuanian and Samogitian:
what do hieroglyphics on the Belarusian flag say
For example, Lithuanians don't need to carry the Personal Identity Card or the passport except for the borderland, but crossing any border requires having such document
I heard something like :" If you add "as" ending to any Russian word , you will get Lithuanian language"
We’re not really Central
My conversations in English tend to have quite a few puns, dad jokes
I see you are from Romania and as far as I know french is from the same language family as romanian
I'll be 16 this year and want to know how much money I should save up
I go to Germany quite often and it's just an endless straight line through vast bleak wasteland :C it was awful before they put movies in all the buses.
I propose a union state with Belarus and Lithuania, and possibly huge chonks of Ukraine and Poland for good measure
You're not wrong
5 this year
The average pole in the UK is hardly a oxford academic, it works both ways, I used to work with poles until recently with warehouse and delivery drivers and so many of them are racist against blacks/Asians, literally 80% plus.
Unless housing next to the volcano is cheap enough to be close to being free, I'm pretty sure there are always some choices, especially in the 21st century when people aren't tied down to the same village for their whole lives
It's not legal to incite violence against them.
Our number is high because queues are never ending.
Well we can try, even don't think that here something very different would be, quite good should work out, close to what would be with English structure
There are some pretty important in Baltic words in Finnish language which are essentially same also in Lithuanian or Latvian like: kirves - axe, seinä - wall and metsä - forest.
Finland does not exist
Don't forget that you have to leave faster than UK leaves EU if you want easiest way to wiggle back in to EU.
I have the same plan :)
A month worth of time in my entire life aside from school before coming to UK
Everything is pretty much 1:1 now.
Now *that's* fucked up
They were forcefully occupied
Algirdas was Kestutis's brother and Vytautas was Kestutis's son
Never had this problem
Fucking with people by giving them bullshit tips is one of the main reasons why I wanna live beyond 100 years
Only EU voting rights I imagine and will loose fishing ground rights
Their motives are unclear, but all we know is that your goverment is unwilling to intervene
I suppose it could, since we tend to be a little reserved
Anyone who oposes communism, fasism, corruption, gopnik mentality, greed and psychopaty is my dearest friend
What's the better way to show it than being trialed by the EU
Recently "senelyzai" has become popular too for some reason
Trafi for busses is phenomenal in Lithuania, other than that, country is generally too small to require google maps
The history and the rundown parts give the city an identity and character
It ignored thousands of people's votes.
Because I am only seeing benefits.
Did a cultural change happen
Everyone give applause to Iceland.
They also need to hire a lot of people because a lot of this was done by EU.
Yeah, you guys demonstred a very strong balls back then, and you deserve to be proud
Latvia and Litva always sounded quite similar to me, but nope.
I didn't know *one* word in that sentence, *one word* and google translate failed me.
It's still called "Romos Imperia". No germany in the lithuanian name for it
Every company in the world does this to some extent.
Rest can spent in nearby Klaipėda
They knew a world without the common market and the EU.
The trick is that Russia has done evil things before, they did them with a smile and they still refuse to admit that they did anything wrong.
Shooting with intention to kill is illegal
If it's alcoholism, I think us Lithuanians are somewhere up there as well
Seems like Kadyrov imposed some iron rule over there.
Bad drivers get put in the time out corner
But Beograd was nice
Is Law and Order still popular after all that shit?
Someone with no money couldn't pay the bail and wait for the trial out of jail
Those nukes were also in an era before ICBMs were common
Lithuania long ago have surpassed Poland in income and households earn much more there.
thanks for insight
Post-soviet countries were freshly out of USSR and ready for change, they took a while to meet every requirement.
Giving an option to learn Latvian or Estonian as a second foreign language instead of German, Russian, French or Spanish isn't a realistic option either, because it's not practical.
yeah fuck abortions
They were all sent to "Grūtas park" which is a populiar tourist attraction in southern Lithuania now
While Lithuania does indeed try to show the horrors of the russian and soviet occupations, I wish someone here would do such a bold and strong move like the Estonians over here
we don't have anti-LGBTQ+ spaces yet but seems like a large portion of the country isn't ready for changes that don't even concern them
Not to steal thunder, but as you started on Lithuania, here is some more:
The caves there are really impressive
It must be hard to live in Russia as an open minded individual
I guess that's my family, upbringing, whatever you want to call it
College and university means two different things in Lithuania
I've personally talked with that dude a couple years back, he's incredibly productive and loves helping people out
Yeah, the "Baltic chain of freedom" is cute
''Baltic states'' and ''Baltic people'' has become more of a political term, than a actual ethnic one......Latvians and Estonians are ''Balts'' in a sense that they have been together in their mayor historical events and usually try to achieve the same goal (after World war 1, it was a common goal to fight of Russian communists and German mercenaries who wanted to rule here, after World war 2 it was a common goal to brake free from the Soviets and join Western side).
Are religion classes mandatory in Poland or something
Light, self-ironic, goofy, sometimes so ridiculous it doesnt make sense
But what I don't understand is how you get such different shortened versions from their original names
<3 You're literally Balt = White.
I will never forget the time I spent in Vilnius and elsewhere.
I was like, what the hell is this?
It's not a monopoly, it's an Oligopoly.
You go ahead and ask a Russian if he dreams to take over Latvia, Estonia or Lithuania again and watch them laugh.
And this is just another example of how people always confuse Lithuania and Latvia
Also, we didn't invent, but make really good lasers and their parts
This is really worth watching if subs are available
It should tell you a lot about state of our relationship with Russia when i say this
Same in Lithuania especially if you want to go from/to airport.
Probably a big issue in surveys like this, though do not think it would have big effects.
I really hope that Trump is just saying that to ensure that Europe maintains it's comitments to nato and stops relying solely on Usa.
Until they realized who occupied them again
Well it's time for Sweden to be called West Finland.
The situation I described happenned in 1991, (for refrence) just 5 years before eminem released his first album
Same here with the 3rd person, sometimes I spot myself mixing up is/are and was/were
Russia
Finland has never used them anyways.
It wasn't only about Lithuania(also Poland) I also know how Russia screwed Georgians, it sucks to be you :P
Is it the same in all parts of the country, or is there an urban/rural or older/younger divide
(srsl though /s is not needed when the whole comment thread is sarcastic)
And now I see it here lol
Not by a huge margin, but still.
I can see why it would be kinda hard, but I don't think of it as THAT bad
From a few trips to Europe over the last few years (among tonnes of Polish, Norwegian, Romanian and Hungarian currency...as well as Lithuanian litas from back in the day!) I have:
How do you think this could be done?
There is also the possibility of a Baltic origin: from Proto-Baltic *aīsto-, meaning "land", "field".
In Lithuanian you can very often skip I, you and similar words, because context usually is very clear what you are talking about, different grammar rules help with that
I guess I can see why it could not be fully trusted, but I feel like this is one of the rare things that NL seems to be in its own little different world than almost everyone else
Felt like the interviewer had already made up his mind before the interview.
Fun fact, people tend to use words that are used in their languages, for example elevator/lift
Greets from Lithuania
It might blow your mind, but I didn't miss the second most talked about European kerfufle in a decade
If only they helped poor people in the long term not short term...
But from Madrid it really doesn't make sense to go that far.
I hate ignorant amercans
10 - dešimt,
Just to be clear 2=2.0 in math just in programing they are two different number types) number so in some languages the result will have to be double (real) number.
I doubt you will run into problems of that type.
But these minorities are largely born there, aren't they?
Lithuania, everyone I know supports gay marriage but not the damn govmt, hence not cool
People will not watch tv shows/movies or listen to music that they can not understand.
I am glad that it Lithuania it is seen as a title deserving of more respect.
Su Šventom Kalėdom, braliuks
So approach anybody if needed, ofcourse younger people speak better
Yes I can
Kakis/Kakas
Sanita ( sunpuddle)
I don't think it is the case, no
I've been learning Russian for 5 years now
Then we learn about the deal with the devil that we made, when we allowed the Soviets to station some troops in our country in exchange for Vilnius
POV: You are 30 yo Lithuanian in EC, and you know how to do memes
You can see a bunch of neighbors through the inner windows and the enclosed middle park area seems like a cozy space
Das gay
English
> (e: I moved (renamed) it to Falklanda salas and reordered the lede)
Not really
Lithuania will still count migrants as citizens unless migrated Lithuanians will change the citizenship of a country they migrated to.
Hey santa, I hope you are in your sandals
Szlachta's privileges which Lithuanian nobility didn't had.
Finland geographic isolation means that it probably has a very high western european hunter gatherer component,you can see it to a lesser extent with Estonia and Lithuania .
Also just a small tip for learning any language - write a diary in that language
I checked Lithuania (where I am now) and there's nothing related to Pokémon
In case you haven't read anything about 7th-11th century European history, the Caliphate may start in the Middle East, but they don't plan to stop there, and it is much harder to stop and well organized foe.
There's not a high chance of Islamic terrorism in my country, so seeing the amount of comments from local Christians that rather that reacting by *"Oh ####, somebody got brutally murdered"*, mostly begin with *"He should have respected religion"* is what worries me
- So now you'll
In that case the map should be coloured differently.
What exactly do you have in mind?
7 (including my own) have the Lithuanian flag hanging outside their house all the time
If someone would write "sz" in his name, it'd read exactly that in Lithuanian - "sz", not "š".
Lithuania:
Most of the population lives a comfortable life with no debt, housing paid in full and has all the social security you would ever need.
When in the medieval times (around 1430) the Duchy was the largest state in Europe reaching from the Baltic sea to the Black sea
No amount of genocidal war, ethnic cleasing or forced population displacement is too much when it comes to nice looking borders.
Its basicly where every student dresses formal and rides their decorated cars in convoys and constatly honks
\-15 (or colder) with wind/-20 (or colder) without wind is when I wanna avoid going out
What algorithm are we talking about here
I think it should smell the same depending on what type of forest you are in ofc
Are you sure its the same height?
Hundreds of unarmed civilians defended the Parliament and TV tower.
They have a higher average wage and lower average cost of living.
I imagine it may be [Draučiai shooting] Not sure if that's the one though.
Poles in Lithuania however were not.
One has never had a driving violation and is regarded by everyone to be a responsible driver
Be they mad or not
Always
As long as we have stable internet connection.
I have always said that I do half-cursive (puolikauno in finnish).
Because it's most densely military area in Europe
If anyone has a chance visit them :D
Say that to enslaved innocent civilians from Soviet countries
[There's this guy] but other than that, I don't really know
Reaminds me to go mushroom pickin'
That is when Lithuania was truly free and was reborn again.
* Jogaila
Living in NY now
* Bialystok – Balstogė
Sorry, but the very notion that Latvians or Lithuanians could be organising something in Belarus seems fucking laughable.
Do note that you will be paying double the amount of rent in Moscow, at least according to that site.
Want to bring back the good old rivalry between the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Grand Duchy of Moscow
We had already declared independence, but Gorbachev despised that idea and sent Soviet troops to our capital Vilnius to take over the TV tower and parliament
Naples
This schism is something that leads to too much tensions
Since they bomb hospitals and use cluster munitions that pose a threat to civilians , they aren't exactly helping.
If you were caught in a break in with guns you would sooner get killed before you even found your gun.
We had our anti-Soviet war too late, not like Finns
Fun fact is that the name derives from the word Cepelinas(Zeppelin), becouse of their shape
All of our famous people are basically just poets, writers, musicians and artists
Few weeks ago our parliament declined a law that would've established civil unions only because it would also let same-sex couples to register partnership, so you know
It would make sense for a Lithuanian to feel insulted or "trolled" for being compared to a Russian.
In contrast, if I want to read a non-paywalled electronic version of a newspaper or magazine, I don't have to pay for it, nor am I under any obligation to click on any of the ads.
Idk If this affects the funding or anything, but I'm a part of lithuanian ethnic minority and we do get lockers in our school
It's a useful tradition, only it's a bit weird that it's in the toilet, but I guess that's a place where you will surely notice and look at it since you have a minute to spare
Standard of living is probably the lowest among the countries you mentioned, but as a foreign student you'll probably get a reasonable scholarship and will be happy with lower prices.
Oh yeah, I get that, we're all just lazy really
The salaries professors get are ridiculously small.
It is completely independent from the climate or weather conditions.
It's not possible to build old national architecture anymore.
I'm not sure this counts because *Vengrija* obviously has the same root as *Hungary*.
Lithuania that was declared back in 1918 is the same country as it is today - both are based **on nation**, **not territory**.
Also problem here in Lithuania somewhat
So it's half the people normally involved in murder.
For the most part, users did not know enough about it to set proper controls, this technically allowed random people to join your conversations as conversation URL is formed from ID's so you just start changing numbers and eventually you will hit someone
This impression rests largely on the high degree of faithfulness with which it has preserved the aspects of PIE phonology and nominal morphology
When there's a stable consensus in Russian society about the evils of mass murder and mass deportations - then you can come back with this bunkum claim
Jūrate ( sea goddess)
And don't get a full portion of cepelinai without knowing what you're getting into - unless you're preparing to participate in a strongman competition
And also sucks
And in our country you are more likely to encounter an agreesive nut with a knife than a bear.
And i love it
And that person is one of the most vocal eurosceptics?
And what if it also benefit others too
Discussing whether we're Northern, Eastern, or Central European would be more contested
As a lithuanian i can say we dont see nationalities, we want you to strive with us to live better, and we wish you well
You would be surprised how good Australians are at making quality cheeses
we have something similar, except instead of mustard we say spoons.
- money
Yes, I'm Lithuanian that got Christianize during Mindaugas reign.
Further north and east
thing
I hope you're doing well
Do you have any particular countries in mind?
Wiki tells me that it occurs in English when a Scottish person says "play".
No way would I go 500 km just to shop
Sevices got a price hike (haircut from 5,7€ to ~8€, pizza from 5,7€ to ~7,49€) And for wages, well I wasnt working back then, but even in last two years, my wage has doubled (Take into account that I started fresh and now have 2 years of experience)
Imagine this: you're cool, you have a lot of friends, but all of a sudden you lose them
Camping in countryside
After moving to Kraków she had to give up some behaviours, and didn't like the city itself
We, for example, had elected the very same communist party leader, who opposed our independence, to a president after independence council finished the constitution
UK always block important decisions that could lead to bigger EU integration/ cooperation so with out the we might be stronger
Why you should leave your tasty food uneaten when you can bring it home and eat it together for your dinner
Can you specify any historical significance of Trakai castle to Poland?
Georgia - Sakartvelas or Gruzija
No politician even dares to speak about any of this....
But when it comes to the rest of the country, it is barely spoken by anyone
Ans it turns out they have no good beers to even drown the sadness
I believe this to be a good way of promoting OA.
In Lithuania, it was [book smugglers]
Is there a higher resolution version out there
When I was 12 we went to Vilnius to see a movie since there was no cinema in my home-town
If the latter is true does the commonwealth maybe got mentioned somewhere?
I hang out mostly on majority female subs and it's a fucking nightmare
Curd snack: that red square underneath the cat is a sweet snack made from curd cheese
They have taken over that neighborhood mostly illegally and turned it into a place no one else would even think of moving to
German, French, Russian can be quite an asset
Well religions [people] happened to be most rebel.
You seem to like children a lot, maybe too much.
Kaunas sometimes also shows up in the array of places you don't want to visit.
But I don't expect them to be totally OK with it
Love you too, Ireland <3
Our country didn't really exist after the war, and by the time we did come into existence, most of the collaborators were dead at that point
Exept if you're **Actual** commies, Not the bootleg stalinist ones, But i guess if it would be real commies, they wouldn't be invading us all the **god damn** time
2018-09-12 - a date which will live in infamy
Yeah, her classes quickly became my least favourite
Idk
Dick move Norway
As far as I know, the most likely theories are that the name comes from a Germanic word for "strait" (*Belt* in German) or the Latin word for "belt" (*balteus*)
Not doing same mistake we did in WW2, by being strictly neutral, not prepared correctly for armed battle and giving up to everyone's ultimatum.
I wonder if the Lithuanian soldier got lonely.
This is traditionally served with some kind of vegetable broth
Cash and card
The top 20% of people here have a family income of 2000€ per person or more, while the bottom 20% have 227€ per person or less.
We do the opposite
It's just a game of absurd and official people and workers of the national TV are forced to play it
In Lithuania there are 12 years, if you started school at the age of 6 you finish the year you turn 18 + there is mandatory year of kindergarten before school where you learn to read
Person B: (I've) vacuumed (it) already
About a week ago Erdogan called Dutch Nazis and we are joking about it
It's a good idea to test it in a different browser before posting it or just upload a screenshot of the table:)
- To drink
Wasn't used to people being so friendly and open, so uncaring about the minuscule things Lithuanians fuss over
Yup, you got it
I agreed to the first statement, which stated that Lithuania's population has been decreasing for the past 3 decades
Wouldnt it be 21 years
I won't be satisfied at no
Russia
Even more so since they are building a nuclear power plant 50 km form Vilnius and don't even let foreign inspectors to see it, has had multiple emergency situations(like dropping the reactor on the ground during it's installation).
It is there for you what ever you do, it never releases you from it's warm embrace.
Latvia
In 2010 or around that time, class mate asked my physics teacher what is CERN all about
Governments fucking up, what else is new?
In some movie the phrase „officer down“ was translated to „pareigūnas daunas“ . Daunas is a derogatory word for people with down syndrome, or just in general a insult
Oh god damn it
Last 150 years italian territory so Alto Adige, or shall we call Poland andLithuania Prussia?
I'm pretty sure, that the Germans were the first to recognize the 1918 February 16th declaration of independence
I am a bit interested if they are allowed to learn other EU languages while waiting in Germany
While I think in € most of the time (We adopted it
So basically you would need a recharge once you should have a bit of a break anyway.
Delivery always included unless stated otherwise
When we returned to the hotel and turned on the TV, it turned out that the 2016 Bastille day attack occured in Nice at the same time
Or kūjis is a sledge hammer
IIRC Apple chooses to pay fines than rather change their chargers
I also understand/speak a little bit of russian but I don't use it so this skill is fading very fast.
I'd recommend them to anyone
Nordic Crusades probably, would fit their theme as well
Speaking of which, 2 days ago a car almost crashed into a bus stop that I was standing at.
I would eat that
Looks like it might be a bitch when the inside needs serious work, e.g.  repaving or dead tree removal
The German guys were incredibly hospitable, thoughtful and friendly
100 years ago, when people only had access to their own local communities at any one given time
Surprisingly a lot of maps show were communism was present
It’s not expected at all
And for some reason this annoys me :) If a girl introduces herself as [bʊtkɛvit͡ʃ ʊtɛ] I feel more like slaping her instead of asking her out for butchering her own surname :)
The thing is that in russian "Navsegda" (Навсегда) means "forever" and sounds very similar to Nauseda
Why
I think they would benefit greatly from making an effort to include people from around the world rather than middle class American queer POC, but of course everyone outside the bubble is racist, fascist and no speak Ingles gud enough
marginally, a fair amount of people think jews a influential, but this isn't perceived as a negative since it's perceived as being deserved for their hard work.
In general it's perceived negatively
And alphabets :/
Korea or prime example of stalinist era (totalitarian state who doesn't give a damn about it's citizens as long as ruling top is fine).
Please tell me how you would imagine such a big city with like 300 Lithuanians becoming a part of Lithuania.
Fuck me too I guess
Idk how many redheads there are in Lithuania.
Lithuanians had quite developed trade connections with a lot of people around europe
you have cheaper and faster internet.
So sick of this -- yeah, you're not super serious, but it's still mean, especially when so many people repeat it
Personally have no issue with this)
It is much more cool to have a passport that only 3 million people have, not 513 million
It's far easier for countries like Poland, Slovakia, Lithuania etc.
Original lithuanian surname would be Valanta, but his sons would be called Valančiai by strangers, Valanta by friends
Big Grey blob and its Space Marines.
Which is why your friends and family who still live there should vote.
*- In Lithuania
Sure you can try to go for bigger integration but already your population is getting annoyed by the whole EU
Look at post soviet world where just 30 years ago being gay was a mental illness that had to be treated.
The government is the people, Norway and Germany aren't dictatorships.
The picture on the map of Lithuania is Juozapinės hill, these hills are 1.0 km from each other.
But they made fries a little bigger, but way less of them, so it's kinda scam
You don't understand, corruption is obviously better, you just never tried it!
they have a collective Twitter: and a webside (it's down at the moment)
I'm going to Erasmus in Targu Mures University for a semester of medical studies
There are potholes everywhere and a lot of roads are really low quality
1) There is no point in comparing GDP.
Weather is wet here, waiting for ground to thaw out so I won’t have to step outside this swamp anymore
and a damn funny one, at it
But to Lithuania these relationships are a lot better than with the other neighbors.
Well we were taught that it happened and its consequences
Estonia doesn't want to be associated with Lithuania probably
Really depends on the parents
From where you (plurar or formal) / you (singular informal) are
Well even reading does not help.
Heck after soviet union we **reinstated** independence.
What languages are the schools or the government in
wack
-45C: People in Finland buttons up their shirts.
Fun fact: because of this reason we have Iceland street in Vilnius and in other towns
Thank you for the effort but it looks like cancer :(
I mean the context always matters, she is definitely not Nazi sympathizer, and the show is totally not serious, it was definitely just a joke to her.
russia shut it off several times during winter as a way to pressure the ua government
The term itself became popular in cold war.
That's not what reality is, though.
I understand people rather moving to the most prosperous countries but if you're fleeing for your life and safety, why not be happy with a perfectly fine country like Lithuania or Portugal?
Can someone explain why
So in 21st century I don't think there's a strong reason for us to dislike you
[Kostas Smoriginas - Paukščiai] (Birds)
Dude literally had a hardon for Soviet Union, flew Soviet flag in his office, praised soviet block countries numerous times and is now trying to convince everyone that Nordics are socialist to get support for his policies
So tell me, why did Lithuania join the EU?
24th is the more important Christmas day, but 25th is also considered as Christmas
But when it comes to mandatory military conscription, it can chortle my balls without a moment of hesitation
Lithuania had to get a restraining order several decades ago...
Damn, welcome to the club, i guess
The city may be strong, but what about the rest of the region?
Stalin is WW2 hero for Russians and leader of aggression and genocide against Lithuanians in Lithuania
They also took time out of their day to give them to people?
I don't. The prices can go even lower in major cities with different providers but I am outside of those so
It was probably a status symbol at first, then everyone realised that they're genuinely decent cars.
Hey hey, it's saying it'll be 22°C in Odense tomorrow (07-16) so I'll be happy to take it over the 15-18° with rain every day :D
There aren't any huge cultural differences, but there have been some things I noticed about the Dutch:
So, cats in Finland are beyblades
Pubs are not popular because going out is not popular in small cities, the salaries are too small.
In such a case, language may shift, but not necessarily diverge, even on a global scale
I'm an atheist, but the teacher is pretty chill, so I kinda like it
Out of 44 European capitals 12 don't have rivers flowing through them:
Apart from cepelinai which were mentioned, we also have virtinukai (pierogi) and koldūnai (pelmeni)
I don't think random shit, I see, and what I see is a higher living standard in Greece than in Lithuania
To be fair, so do most Americans, even california.
Maybe we'll participate after Rail Baltica is finished.
Natural reaction to unknown news sites.
Also small businesses are not as prevalent here as in Poland (we do have them, just less), so not as much things to advertise
Good for you
It's basically abandoned now, glass is cracked, construction is rusty, fixing everything back up would cost more than tearing it all down and starting from scratch
It's been under construction as long as I remember
The was no civil war in Ukraine lol russians invaded Ukraine and started killing innocent people.
Duda is hardcore liberal compared to Erdogan
But if registration does not require ID, account deletion should not require it too
It's possible some are naturalised or got Polish citizenship by proving ancestry.
I mean, they won't claim they're Russian unlike some 'omg 20% Russian' Americans, but their language is the same - though really based on 40-80's Russian- their literature, music and food are as well.
It's more heartening sometimes to read /r/trufemcels as even that seems more realistic about the role of women
any forceful physical contact with the intention to harm.
Drunk people killing each other
Also bottomless fjords, temperature never rising above -10C, never ending aurora and mountains of fish
You getting beaten up is an unfortunate consequence of this natural process.
Then we learn about German victories in the west, the surrender of France, and the annexation of the Baltic states by the Soviet Union
It's like living in a giant park
The first few chords are enough to make people pull out their lights and sing along
[Gediminas' Tower] top shelf
to show European friendship and history between two.
Poland – the PLC redux
If a bag of chips used to cost 1.50 LTL it costs 1.50€ now, it's ridiculous.
QWERTY but instead of the number keys along the top we have letters like ą, ę, ė, š...
They have pretty similar views also
"But Americans comment all the time, why are you so upset when I do it ?
Calling it the “oldest” IE language is a misnomer, its conservatives in these areas cannot be gainsaid, and probably does exceed that of all the other contemporary IE languages (although such things are not easily quantified)
This is not about Ukraine, it's about Russian posturing and geopolitical goals.
I got this in my inbox and tried to guess which country but couldn't until I saw Lithuania..
Exactly, if we're in some tops of lists it's almost everytime alcohol or suicide
No, Russia was quite happy with Lithuanian independence for 13 years, it changed in 2004 when the country joined NATO.
God damn it how many times do you need to be told
Ending is usually good for the main character
As I said we are far from Scandinavians as well so I am not saying "we are superior Nordic!" nonsense.
Dude literally had a hardon for Soviet Union, flew Soviet flag in his office, praised soviet block countries numerous times and is now trying to convince everyone that Nordics are socialist to get support for his policies
Here, in Lithuania we have around four - eight major breweries and including small ones it would add up to 75.
Neither of them had crusades against them
Enjoy modernisation of your countries!
And Lithuania is lucky to have Belarus and Poland next door?
\*Latin European
After all we should remember heroes
Some times it does, but rarely
Looks like it's just pure sugar with some colouring?
Rounding up jews would be much harder if they would be armed, same goes for the kulaks in Ukraine or anyone in general under a totalitarian government.
[Poland-Lithuania] intensifies.
Also, [this song is a gem]
Snow falls, melts and Ice forms which leaves us with this horrible slippery mess all over the place.
Stockholm, Sweden
It all depends on the wind really
Torrents are not illegal in Lithuania, illegal files on torrents are illegal.
Warmongering Lithuania looks at Russia with suspicion
If you don't care about lives of random people why do you care so much if some news outlet uses some shady means to fight the good media fight against a country of some random people?
You're awesome
Good on you
If you are the receiver, you get an SMS or E-mail with the PIN
No I would not
[Morocco has already participated in Eurovision in 1980]
Though this is just speculation.
It's really not as utopian as it may sound - I have been living like this for a few years now in Vilnius (not the most well funded or innovative city by far)
this photo reminds me of my dog who passed away recently
(også, hvorfor har du sovjetisk banner art
Remember, the police had another guy arrested at first.
Second poem is about our ancestry (great duchy of lithuania), its castle of Trakai, about how was "now" in ruins, as "is" Lithuania as a country (occupiee by czar russia), how great we have risen and how low we have fallen
But most popular is Kebabas (like döner, but in lavash)
No, Vilnius was returned to Lithuania in 1939.
That's rude :(
Lol so even Lithuanians acknowledge the Polish character/history of Wilno?
Tantrum mode is give me attention mode.
>	You're not allowed to make names up
Depends for how long I am to be outside
You seem to still be struggling with reading comprehension.
Self esteem and Ego are both called Ego
Amen man
Imagine a bloke in his underwear sitting on the couch watching TV while eating a sandwich and people come to vote.
The one thing Lithuanians are really good at is swearing in other languages.
2018-09-12 - a date which will live in infamy
It's the same ethnic group as Finland, so in a way
There are people without cars and going on a bus is painful for everyone.
Yes, because Lithuanian is very conservative towards change.
DeMiko
We are supposed to get some rain tomorrow so I cannot wait for that awesome cool and fresh air after it stops
He said Europe
The most confusing would probably be some sentence with seperable verbs, like:
We will show our support for your goal.
Europeans learned the hard way that colonies aint loyal
Do they get some sort of punishment or does goverment just close down NGO and thats it?
It (along with Latvia and Lithuania) were occupied by the Soviet Union in 1940, but the occupation and annexation were not recognised by the West and were(still are) considered illegal by international law.
They're so blatantly anti-consumer (and practically lie in the advertisements) i'm surprised they're legal
World is too big to be bothered by little things like what phones people buy
Yes, doing ok
Although Lithuanians were a minority in their own country, we still view those days of the Grand Dutchy of Lithuania as our golden age
George Washington is Džordžas Vašingtonas (we do like to add -as to everything though if nobody stops us)
Octopus is a the least disgusting (and least metal) food compared to these, so no
The situation I described happenned in 1991, (for refrence) just 5 years before eminem released his first album
[Lietuvininkai we're born.]#/media/File:Wilhelm1.jpg)
The girl be very white tho
* Algirdas
* It's an adjective contextually it's translated as Roman
same here, because usually Lithuanian wikipedia has more info about local stuff than English wikipedia
Almost as bad as saying to a black person "Remember the times when your kind were slaves
Everytime I remember there's an actual piece of Russia between Poland and Lithuania it's so weird.
Hey chapo tankies just a friendly reminder that Stalin was a homophobe and Lenin ordered execution of sex workers
This might end up creating issues and different desires in apartment community, thus might end up in people not working together
use their real names in documents
The top one even has very clearly visible binding agent
Majestic
Personally I find it to be the best way to deal with problems.
The independence of Church from state, the emphasis on rural self governance, and the affirmation of fundamental civil rights (such as freedom of speech, press, and assembly) that the tsarist government had periodically restricted shows the progressivism of the Provisional Government.
Home Alone and Harry Potter are staple movie franchises for Christmas
They can continue to live in their illusionary world
Thanks, sending love back :) Prague is one of my favorite European cities
Lol, my grandma
We have the word "pirkia" for this "peasant house".
It's just what I've heard, but I'm not sure
I live here and everyone is atheists
It wasn’t good enough for many Catalans
I live in Lithuania, and i will say that policemen still accept bribes some of the times, especially the low ones.
Phase two is we dig a giant moat between us and Russia.
Turks or Turkish soldiers who actually are children of christians, taken from their parents at young age with explicit idea of turning them into footmen?
They're crispy, soft, sweet, salty and very delicious
When there's a stable consensus in Russian society about the evils of mass murder and mass deportations - then you can come back with this bunkum claim
For example: a bronze statue, from around 1000-1500 B.C.E has been found in Šernai cemetary, near Klaipėda
* Simonas Daukantas (one of first beginners of Lithuanian National Revival)
We’re not really Central
Looks great
Accept that sometimes people will treat you in a weird way like you're something exotic.
And more recently Vidas Bareikis' Ežero dugne
Neither any Germans left in Silesia or any other part of Poland.
And the list of companies that this happened to was in the thousands, not fucking 20
I love how you mentioned the edl but not the real issue
The leader owns a massive corporation that imports nasty chemicals and fertilizers from Russia and he drives an Escalade
Otherwise, I've no idea
I think piss yellow and blood red is much more representative, adding green is just false advertising.
A lot
Never relax, because of Sweed sneak attacks!
The 50€ bill probably didn't have the name and photo of the guy who lost it
Too many rules of what a good anthem should be are broken with ours
It's small because it's supposed to be fashionable and high class, not for most people.
I'm not sure though
Well a lot of sportsmen point their fingers that way during photo shoot as an expression.
Well it's only 30
This summer has already been too hot
That means sanctions will be lift off, no repercussions on whats happening in Ukraine with probability for US to cut some ties with Ukraine to push them in Russian sphere more (all depends on EU, if we keep our stance Ukraine might have chance to join west).
If you gave the Russian concentrations in Latvia the option to "rejoin" Russia, you could well see similar results.
Really cold <-20
Don't know why we use braliukai instead (I do like how it sounds and it's always clear who we are refering to though)
My both parents are Russian and my existence is miracle already
russia shut it off several times during winter as a way to pressure the ua government
Like it seems to be one of the funniest ways to die
We've got way too much potato
Despite all that I dont lock my car, my bike, an inflatable boat lies on the grass behind unlocked gates at my in-laws, my own house doesnt have a fence, yet i keep outdoor items outdoors
History - brown
That's fine by me
So 17...18, if you count the Vatican, and 20 (take away UK, add England, Wales, Scotland) if you count the constituent countries of the UK (though I don't think that's fare)
Also it's a bit easier for English speaking people to get know, just because of language barrier that others have.
Same here
(Posting again as this reply was removed by automoderator)
I don't think I've seen it too
No, he identified as Lithuanian.
Kinda cool when you think about it
When I started using block letters (I saw my father doing it), suddenly my handwriting became actually readable.
If you say this is the most expensive drug then you've never heard of a thing called racing
From my childhood I remember this book the most.
However, people voted for no dual citizenship
Other than that, it can be region specific, in the baltics for example, Swedish is quite handy
It's not legal unless there's no crosswalk in sight, I believe.
And the most famous Lithuanian battle (Battle of Grunwald) was against the knights
Yes we did
For me personally it’s probably Pont-du-Garde
But given the pandemic and working from home, I have more than enough time to sleep and cook during workdays
Oh, and this year I got really lucky on Wednesdays, because we don't have the first lesson that day
I don't get quite get the Marx thing.
Lithuanian song about Winged Hussars, spotify link only way I could give original artist credit.
but is therefore 100 times more funny
Top 10 Anime Twists of 2018
No political correctness here
Fake stories) In the end the government was forced to have a referendum if we should build it or no.
EE food makes you fat though :( I do love potatoes, but I don't love my quarantine belly
Our country's policy has been constantly going back and forth between "we must destroy all dialects and language variations to create a unified language" to "we must save the dialects from becoming assimilated", so it's hard to say really.
Technically it's a distinct sound articulated between k and t.
It can and usually is but it doesn't have to.
Only if your first name is not a name of any apostate or whatever
The media usually refers to it as the "Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine", but as far as I've encountered in daily language people usually say the "Pfizer vaccine". I've also seen governmental health institutions calling it the "Comirnaty vaccine" a few times, which is its brand name
What
Either Poland or Latvia
[Here's] a humoristic approach (somewhat true, but a bit dated).
So I wouldn't consider it a victory
Samogitian differs from standard Lithuanian quite significantly, it could very well be considered a different language.
Given that I still have to use zoom for work, a lot of things improved once articles started to appear on the news
And I think we need US troops in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland, Putin is far less likely to send his green men there if there is a risk US soldiers are hurt.
Johns Wort, so I thought that's what it's called in english
Yeah hes cool
I dislike what he is doing with foreign policy, especially the part about backing out of Nato.
Stalin's, Mao's and Pol Pot's crimes and famines shouldn't be forgotten either.
Also, Spanish and Italian
\- You mean like we elect the our elder or the guild master
I don't think nationalismis is bad per say, but taken to extreme levels it's unhealthy, and I think when you start talking about special russian "spirituality"/DNA/righteousness/etc it's probably too much.
2019/04/20, to be exact
In lithuanian it's either "plaktas", "plaktukas", or "kūjis" depending on the context
How early do they have you start learning the other language(s)
The climate changes before humans were completely different.
Correct me if I am wrong, but Russia and other post SSRS countries (baltics not included) don't really care that much about Soviet symbolics (as in destroying them).
Well most of those movements have really small follower number and probably author just wanted to put even the smallest ones on the map.
really
About foreigners not willing to live bette on foreign land
My Dutch boyfriend recently moved in to my place in Lithuania
That entirely depends on the infrastructure and not the headcount.
Cash and card
I considered going back home or somewhere else, ended up getting another degree in Germany, where I immediately got a good job, and now after almost 5years of living here, I have a good career prospects, fiance and a first baby on the way, so I don't see myself moving back home anytime soon
Long term this might create issues for owners of those 3-4 room apartments as they are made for families, while other flats in a complex will be populated by renters
Why is Estonia so high up compered to the rest of Russian empire
TIL
So far the eu position seems to be, "let's see how many bridges they are willing to burn".
• Jogaila
Common among 35+ and lower class people, very uncommon in 20-30 age professionals (mid-upper mid class)
The Gediminas Castle, The Three Crosses, etc
Džon meid hiz uei tu a tevern fruh fe dark forest, onlį tu faind aut fat hį forgot fe monei
- I need ten billion thousands millions infinity
In Lithuanian language there's a very clear distinction between Gėlė and Žiedas.
Unless you don't have an estate or a van between you two.
So in my eyes they are no more european than Iran is
Cancelling basketball tournaments/events
People go to hesburger only because mcdonald's aren't in most cities, or are in pretty inconvenient locations
Maybe it's the small forest roads?
Memories twisted by nostalgia, really
Starting from medium drink in Mc to standard residential house
I feel a sudden urge to get a blackpowder rifle, dress in 19-th century clothing, and go hunting while listening to Wagner.
Estonia
I mean, yeah, I get what you mean, it's just that the street is so short and doesn't have too much traffic, I thought "but why?" in the sense that there probably are streets that need it more than that one did.
The other was Lauris Reiniks' Aš bėgu
[be warned this is lithuanian rap (YouTube link)]
My IT teacher said that January 1, 2000 was the first day of 21st century
To be fair that name is purely Polish (not that I have something against it its just a pain in the ass to read it and try to pronounce it).
Used to be first in suicide
Most of them migrated to UK I think, Germany too.
BBC does not write about meetings with friends.
And most men these days cook at home too
Malta
Riga has a famous [sculpture of a black cat on one of the roofs] Every time someone mentions "Melnas kakis" on the roof, all I can think about is a big blue shit
when most of the participants aren't exactly model citizens nor parents
Trump again tries to solve his personal domestic issues by using tools of foreign politic
Probably because they're from the SNP, the SNP being a divisive party in Britain.
There are differently called variations in different countries
To the east - grand dukes
This article says nothing about 90bn dollars
For example the recent events in Ukraine just make me sick.
Latgalian is a literary language based on different set of subdialects than the official literary Latvian and that's exactly what it is recognised and protected as, the only other language protected by law is Livonian, Russian and Lithuanian and anything else are just foreign languages that don't get any special status.
In terms of my country, we don't talk much about it.
And don't forget - flying has no border control
I'll wear that as a badge of honour
We have XXX supermarkets, and exported them to Latvia and Estonia
Some time after, when the other team guessed a jewish song name, that thing happened, shouting "jews, jews, jews!" (like you called your team jews and didn't guess it).
Looks like Lithuanians just won't feel comfortable in general
Also the word "partly" is doing a lot of heavy lifting here
I'm a language lover in general and sometimes go out of my way to speak Lithuanian and respect the grammar as much as possible
Sometimes when I am going home at 2am there are still plenty of people in Gediminas street, which is pretty cool.
Great deal of people would just have died in the war.
All four years I took English literature, history, math, French, Italian (easy A for me), and gym; all of those were 40 minutes everyday apart from gym, which was 40 minutes every other day
Dear Finn, "nation" refers to ethnicity, "Baltic nations" are only Latvia and Lithuania as Estonia is a Finnic nation.
Yes, it happened to me as well
And we shouldn't care what Russian government says
Since we're in the subject, I'd also like to say how important context and accent is in lithuanian
This is not true, at least in Lithuania case.
LITHUANIAN HERE
Anyone at least somewhat compentent in highschool physics could write down the formula if he knew the relationship
Distributing pornography is illegal in Lithuania
It has a nice vibe
And surprised for Uspaskich, maybe he forgot what he voted for
Teslas are still far safer than any cars out there.
I mean he was "only" the president of the European Parliament.
I think there's several villages called Venice, but they're probably built in a swamp or something.
No one will listen to them, Russia has already spoken for them and no one will stand up to Russia.
I'm going to Erasmus in Targu Mures University for a semester of medical studies
Why doesn't Luxembourg participate in the Eurovision anymore?
We're not scandinavia, not nordics, but northern eruope
That somehow makes me feel better about my country, and that is a very rare feeling
I've also seen the border of Egypt from inside Israel :DDD
The map says prior to the Crimean crisis, when NATO didn't have a lot of their personnel stationed in Poland or anywhere else.
Well, he does when it comes to urban design anyway
I don't think sounds are part of the accent, but due to lack of training/learning the other language
1-5 online classes a day
We eat salted salmon (yes, not smoked, salted)
My Lithuanian teacher insisted that Kristijonas Donelaitis cannot be called 'kunigas' (priest; all Catholic priests are called 'kunigai'), instead she suggested to use 'pastorius' – despite that Lithuanian Evangelical Lutheran church call their clergy 'kunigai' as well
I don't think random shit, I see, and what I see is a higher living standard in Greece than in Lithuania
- I have problems with my pancreas
But it's still better than the day
But when it comes to mandatory military conscription, it can chortle my balls without a moment of hesitation
THE ADDITION OF MORE LETTERS DOES NOT HELP WITH READABILITY
How the fuck are the Baltics Central Europe
2nd
IT (any field)
Scissors get thrown in it and with paper you cover the well
Dairy are better (everything from milk and butter to yogurt and cottage cheese), can't say why though, maybe it depends on personal taste.
Junkers
I think it's a bit niche, and I was lucky to have it in both primary and middle schools I attended
Europe according to Lithuanians
I expected it to have some coverage, but actually there's a lot of it
Never heard this joke
This is banned in Lithuania (or just in Vilnius) and I support it
* Vytautas
But that doesn't mean that they are entitled to being liked
After Brexit, the two tribes recede and a Northern Irish identity emerges
7 (including my own) have the Lithuanian flag hanging outside their house all the time
Portuguese sounds like a Romance person mocking a slavic accent
Considering that the 1916 German census says that [58% of inhabitants of Lithuania were Polish]#1916_German_census), I'm liable to not believe it.
Sweatpants and a t-shirt which is either dirty, too big or torn somewhere
A friend of mine is from Lithuania and she tried to teach me some "simple" (her words) phrases, and never in my life have I felt more stupid.
– having based its legal foundations on the Lithuanian Statutes and the Constitutions of the Republic of Lithuania,
I am calling the doctor
The building has something like 80 apartments so it's hard to know everyone, but people do say 'good morning' in the elevator if they're in a good mood
What does Finland have in common with Lithuania
And Lithuania is dating Latvia at the moment
It's not ''foreign'' land
There have been many instances where party line was more important than the actual interest of the country
They are a bunch of language Nazis who are constantly banning "irregular" words which lithuanians use in their everyday language
Even you guys do it better than us
It's rare to get that much snow, more often it's wet snow that doesn't last through the day.
And for Baltics, Balkans, Benelux and maybe Denmark (because you are small between big countries) only the general location as you said
So I'd say 'completely unintelligible' is a little too strong
Nature already built a wall for you.
>(c) The right to exercise national self-determination in the State of Israel is unique to the Jewish people
Ką?
It's also an old French name
I live in Klaipeda too
Are you implying Putin isn't trying to break NATO up ?
I see the flag of my country
People from countries with no dual citizenship, how strong is support for it
I wonder how Russia missed tanks rolling from Russia towards Mariupol in 2014
The picture on the bottom was taken probably in 2010 - 2011
dude, I only know how to read Samogitian, I don't know how to spell it
EDIT: forgot plurar or formal meanings in second part
Are you
Nobody suggests that you are [Baltic as in Baltic ethnicity] (Lithuanians, Latvians and Prussians) you are [Baltic as in part of the Baltic States] something like the BeNeLux, and you people always getting super defensive about it makes it feel like you think of us as some inferior sub-humans to your glorious finno-ugric master race.
Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth at its maximum extent, after the Truce of Deulino in 1619, superimposed on a current political map.
Fat thursday is one of few things that I miss from living in Poland
For example Vilnius used to be part of Poland before the Soviet occupation.
From what barely understandable thoughts you wrote here it makes the" you" sound like a white supremacist or something.
Its as if your name isnt Yanis, you cant get a license
Seems to be doing alright actually, 3rd on their hot page
Lithuania would join braļukas
You should take a chill pill, man.
Out of my final year class, I would say that about 20-30% students had private tutors for at least one subject (most often it was math), having a tutor would help with school exams, but not always
Lithuanian parliament bans all violence against children, including corporal punishments
The three countries directly under Finland (the testicles of Scandinavia)
Most are just garden decorations, and they are planted rather recently (15-20 years).
He has a loving home
I mean, considering where I am from, you can tell that I know about the politics of at least one obscure European country.
Some of my classmates are (since I speak English a lot with friends), but I personally don't see an issue
You're welcome
Laying new asphalt and new sidewalk building
Construction stopped because it was more expensive than expected
Thank you
Ta kobieta lubi duże kanapki
Can we add my viewpoint to the mod team ?
USSR = Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (note the plural).
Quick google says there should be UN meeting about this soonish.
After the merge they can just be called teutons (if you don't want to be too specific) I know their history pretty well and I do agree with you, especially that they have different history from Teuton branch latter on.
Wait Russia cutting Belarussian gas supply in half?
Everyone kept saying prices won't rise, that they won't let anyone to raise their prices but yet they did.
When there's no sun for half the year and you have to deal with -30c temperatures...
I don't care if his music sucks
I've been to Saaremaa, I love nature and secluded places, but I was not particularly impressed by it.
Nuclear safety, nuclear accidents though 20th century, difficulty in keeping command and control structure in case of nuclear strike, political and military considerations on "escalated" and "total" nuclear war
But EU is a thing only because it benefits all members for different reasons
They're so good, I would choose any of these over any other tea, anytime
A Lithuanian who hasn't committed suicide
US to close the eye on european east if they agree to act agaisnt china
Lithuania: Not free, but 100% state financed for STEM+medicine fields, and about 40% students (with best grades) get free edu in any other fields
And we have terrible traffic jams on-peak hours:)
Lithuania has sort of led the way because Russia has been particularly cruel in regards to energy prices with Lithuania.
Yeah I know, should have put small in quotation marks
You put my thoughts into words!
Or am I imagining things
In terms of job successful people (usually over 30yo) speak fluent russian and english
Oh, so *now* it's us and not "the true Lithuanians" Belorussians?
Turns out, beggars can make more money in a week than a working family in a month
Just for kids, but yeah they are not popular at all.
Oh wow, I can't believe I can recognize the memes just from text
The nights are around 17°C (62,6°F), but upstairs it doesn't get that cool, even with all of the windows open
I guess it is pretty dry this time of year
And why would I need to pay 60€!!!!!!!!!!/year!!!!!
With such wages one can afford to loan for a house, a new car and to travel at least once a year
I'm the guy working on Lithuania in KR.
Yes
I love it
Nah, Latvia is definitely more similar.
It means " a mole is coming
nobody is really building it
Ukraine and Belarus were all together Lithuania, but 1360 is a while ago.
I've even seen in a random country store, where you could buy guns, chicks() and tractor wheels right next to an old household fridge half full of 4 different types of Kerrygold and local butter
A ship land on some unknown shore
Never thought about it
Damn most have never heard of Lithuania, so I guess  Vilnius having the largest baroque old town in Europe should have more visitors than just a few tour groups from Asia
Jesus is son of God, if Jesus was price that means God was king.
Multi-stage rockets and heavily influenced the field of artilery
* Introduction of €.
Ouch, Stalin out of all the people is looked favorably.
>Lithu
To us, LDK was an extention of our lands
That's your personal opinion, which lithuanians *do not* share with you.
* 1939 Soviet ultimatum to Lithuania
Lithuania also have amazing 294m mountain :D
Nuors žėmaitiu vėkėpedėjė yr gan sens projekts pasiruodo
You don't allow non-Polish letters in your names
Can someone explain how EU is not letting that old bloke hire more people?
Trannies who don't pass can't go into the womens restroom.
Germany – they're not a threat anymore
Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania were occupied by the Soviet Union for almost 50 years.
"No"
What if your car brakes down in suburbs of Paris and you need to put a yellow vest to change a spare tire
it's difficult to put it into words.
Engineering (mainly mechanical manufacturing/repair)
It's so sad to me that I'm actually impressed that she understands what 1
Šiauliai are on border of Samogitia
* how this country should be called
They thought of this ban after family beat their 4 year old kid to death.
Must be something in the water.
I think you can also put the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth as a golden age too, but Lithuania itself didn't have as much power and authority in those times, there were disagreements in politics, which basically led to The three partitions
This is more relevant to more touristy countries tho
In essence the Christmas tree adds value, it stimulates the foreigners brain by making them think that it may be worth visiting Vilnius.
I love this architecture
There's a shared danger and a shared view of countering it.
During this time France, Denmark and Norway falls
How come are Lithuania, Latvia, Romania, Bulgaria – countries least developed in EU – reducing CO2 emissions the most, while other less-developed countries (eg.
Russia will control vital part of germany
A lot
Oh yes I can agree with that
It's different near highways, there are quite a few ugly billboards that random small companies advertise on
Being a militant atheist, he compared that to Italy and the Vatican :)
your wrong in youre assumption
I have lived here all my life, so there's definitely a little bit of polish in me, but if it was not for the polish national hero, and lithuanian "anti-hero" Piłsudski, the land where I live would now probably belong to the country I consider my home
So I think that could be the most popular here.
Another, less common word used to call cheat sheet is *Paruoštukė* which is female form of prepared sheet
Democracy failure
Jamon pronounced Hamon is a breathing technique that can make electric like currents
I heard that Lithuanian is hard to learn for foreigners, but I think that Finnish, Estonian and Hungarian are the hardest European languages for Europeans to learn, because they are from a different language group
The one thing that is kinda scary for me with electric cars is cold weather.
Yeah, as long as I don't encounter idiots who pronounce it as "tchetchia".
In 2010 or around that time, class mate asked my physics teacher what is CERN all about
I'm honestly surprised they're not trying harder to ensure sea access in the Danish strait, historically it's been one of the main geographic factors hindering Russia's geopolitical strength and even economic development
All that doesn't sound like Finland at all :)
And thats the only way EU can work as otherwise big countries would dominate even more
With Poland, formed a unique unit called "Both Nation Republic"
On January 13th, Lithuania will mark the 26th anniversary of the Day of the Defenders of Freedom
In Lithuania we learn about Lithuanian and world history.
It's very easy to spread an article "It's possible that person a did that and that" widely enough just a day or few before elections, to change its outcome, leaving no time to verify that information.
If you live in a city, it's more or less the cheapest option.
So what you have left then, is a country without it's intellectuals.
Why can't we be concerned with both ?
Great man from Lithuania, who was telling "You, Poles".
Could anyone explain Turkey
I guess I expected English to be like Russians, to have "as long as you put effort to speak their language and not talk about politics - you're their friend" mentality.
A guy that has drinking problem, he would hold world champion title for drinking vodka (sorry, Russia, but we're better here), pretty depressed, but loving his family and his younger sibling - Latvia.
Get shots for tick-borne encephalitis
Vilius old town, Kuršių marios(Curonian lagoon, separated from the sea by a 94km long dune ),Kernavė archeological site(the first historical capital of lithuania), and Skurvės geodezinis lankas, which is a triangulation chain which goes from norway to the black sea, and cuts through lithuania along with 9 other countries
There was a movement to drop the H letter, that would make Lituania, which is less of a tongue twister
Poland, Czechia, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia, Croatia, Romania, Bulgaria.
Thanks for this answer, I used to think that any foreign donation to Russian organization would just do more harm than good
It's wild
And swinging swords around like a maniac is incredibly dangerous.
Czech Republic, Slovakia, Latvia, Lithuania, Northern Ireland and I'm probably missing some.
Lithuania's Foreign Minister Linas Linkevicius:
I personally would just get a new VW Caravelle/Multivan.
Yeah who cares, let the criminals slip away.
Poland, Lithuania and Ukraine (and also Belarus) share a common past in the PLC.
I talked about 3d printers that can make most stuff from plastic, and one kid asked me if it can make plastic explosives.
1 - vienas,
Vatican City, Vatican City State
Hot: 22 - 30
Laisvės Partija and Liberalų Sąjūdis are both liberal and will definitely support the same sex marriages but I can't say the same about TS-LKD
Fall of constantinople is also listed as one of the end points of the middle ages here
Is it
That was exactly what I was looking for
Did you read the title of the article you posted?
For real
Also includes 1200min for calls and 1200 text messages.
Ty mom and dad
[Volhynia, Podlasia and Kiev voivodeships were incorporated into the Crown on king's orders]#Sejm_of_1569).
Kanye West motivated others too damn much.
Lithuania, I haven't thought about them very much at all.
Why would money should be even paid to Israel?
That's such a nice culture sharing thing.
Iraq simulator is still the best.
I don't really know how Greek names sound, so I can't honestly compare.
Most of the young people I had talked with, were not happy about it.
>and never will
Even you don't bother giving more context to a fight, why should others care?
Good point, there seems to be plenty of problems regarding Brexit for the NI that aren't there for the bigger island.
Scotland doesn't have a central bank, wouldn't be able to keep the pound and would have to pay an awful lot of money that it doesn't have in order to peg a new currency to it.
There's a case to be made that more people know lyrics to this song than the anthem
In New York you must be 18 if you don’t take a drivers education course and 17 if you do take one
In Western Lithuania it is Samogitian.
I have control over whether I slip in the shower.
For a dictatorship Belarus is actually pretty nice.
Latvia is poorer than Poland, so is Hungary(despite having a better starting point).
The Poles, to my knowledge, say that the reatreat wasn't fake
It's a much needed morale boost amongst all the shitty news.
To be honest I remember only one politician who was sentenced and jailed for bribery - Audrius Butkevičius.
– embodying  the innate right of the human being and the Nation to live and create  freely in the land of their fathers and forefathers—in the independent  State of Lithuania,
This gave a needed chuckle
The only opportunity to prove ourselves against the Soviets was in basketball.
Most wear sports clothes, while europeans are usually dressed more formally (jeans, or other formal trousers, plain clothing, or with minimalistic patterns)
Sadly most of our historical artifacts have been destroyed or stolen during conquest
General setting is settlement (vasal) or a castle
Šiknos skylėje engl
Well I have
As Y in Yoghurt
That "we so not eastern europe, we so nordic" shit is embarrassing.
Guess which one has an easier time growing.
What an odd choice of words concidering dogs, unlike cats, actually drool.
I can easily see in 40+ years most people being fluent in English throughout Europe.
Mushrooms: [Lithuanians love mushroom picking] The brown one is the king of all mushrooms Baravykas (Boletus)
I haven't lived in my "hometown" for 15 years now
The Ukraine situation had much to do with strategic interests in the Sevastopol.
Brilliant
You see a difference between a state investing into companies, buying/creating them outright and nationalising/seizing companies that belong to other people, whilst firing most of their trained staff, preventing their owners from entering the coubtry and replacing them with government agents
[and people hate it apparently, looking at likes dislikes.
We have fuel gauges in all cars, so it doesn't happen
I hope it includes <...> rehabilitation programs
Funny times
I know that you have great smoked meat and ham!
We might have soil, but no sun.
English, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, Lithuanian, Polish, Russian, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, Portuguese
Bricks are the most expensive way to build anything these days.
Strict weed laws
Poland, because Everytime you want to go to foreign country from Lithuania, you need to spend entire day in Poland just driving through
I don't particularly blame them for that.
Stańczyk - Polish painting depicting a jester sitting alone and depressed after learning about events that would be the beginning of the end for the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth
That's 'bout it :D
I thought Lithuanians consider Jagiellonians as traitors?
It was vandalized actually, so they redrew it.
Or where ever Microsoft holds its Azure servers
So what happens to those "foreign agent" NGO's founders when they are found guilty?
Or at least tram services
A push to 100% renewables would also be delayed.
Yes, it happened to me as well
Also, the title of the movie "Cristopher Robin" was translated to "Jonukas". Jonukas is the diminutive form of Jonas, or John in english
Medical degree can't make you give a fuck
I'm happy for all international (NATO/EU) soldiers here, because it works like a deterrent against a pretty imperialistic nuclear neighbour
Kurwenstop - GR painkiller, PL whore stopper/fuck stopper
* It's an adjective contextually it's translated as Roman
Džon meid chis vei tu e tavern tru a dark forest, onli tu faind aut dat chi forgot de moni
" means "to swear
Oh you watched the same Scandinavian fiction as the guy above
Maybe that was acceptable in 2004, but in 2017 English is wildly available.
This
It's usually very safe to assume that any story that came from a guide is bullshit
How did people make this map
So that's why everyone's so hesitant when it comes to constitutional amendments.
I'm just talking about the stances on the Lithuanians on this reddit, howthey are hypocritical about everything when Russia is involved, not the actual country itself.
It only will happen when Lithuanian annexes Belarus and Poland get's Ukraine.
Baltic peoples love the US because they remember what Russia has done to them in the past and look to us to protect them because they're small.
Too many Germans in this sub - inferior race as far as sense of humor is concerned
I have similar view on Russia and some other places.
By my calculations the next approach of Catalan Independence should be on the 20th of July 2043 and last an entire 40
There used to be a lot of ugly buildings here, but the whole town undervent a massive renovation, turned from a typical soviet looking eastern european town into a somewhat more modern, central european looking one.
Literally as long as helping you benefits me more than not doing anything, I will help you
A highly modern western country that is at the same time (as I said) modern and conservative.
Also, it shows North Korea as having the largest amount of submarines and kinda looking like the strongest ones, because of amount.
Half of the population migrated to other countries..
Dependence on cars even if we have pretty good public transportation system
Well actually the HoC has been slowing down progress this whole time with regards to Brexit
I can't believed that this is what diplomacy has devolved to.
But this year Kaunas stepped up.
Are the cans being refrigerated somehow
I imagine it's about the same for Riga - Tallinn, plus the Helsinki-Tallinn ferry.
Bit late to the party but there's situation in Lithuania.
What's stopping a guy from coming there
He brings doubt to important agreements and doubt in NATO might as well kill NATO from inside
All of the recruits have been volunteers:
Just for our safety
This is a deeply sad day for all Parisians and French people, and to an extension the entire world
So I'm just painting minis by my own and only playing RPGs in video game form
bruh
thank you (presumably American) dear.
Baltics are northern geographically
Also, if you need slightly more, [you can get 300mbit for ~12
Lithuanian claim was purely historical.
She used to tell us how homeopathic medicines are superior to real drugs (her grandma was a homeopath, so it must be true)
i think u just accepted cookies
Maybe it's a goverment plan to slowly, but surely take over the world and turn it into poland, just like in the globe
I fail to see the problem
[neturėjom dainos] - Solo Ansamblis
I grew up in one of those
And in Macedonian and Lithuanian.
I live in a street with 12 houses
I was sitting and had my ticket in my pants pocket
>Culturally, geographically, and socially, we are Eastern European
I dont know if its a cultural thing or not wanting to make effort to make lithuania beautiful to live in one household at a time
Dont forget about vodka
It was my cheapest ever visited European city (with metro ticket for 8 UAH)
Wait
300/279
There is a post here of former Ukrainian president asking Russia to send troops to suppress protesters in his country.
>How to recognize a neo-communist in a few easy steps:
I don't think there are any active disputes regarding those lands, but we still feel kinda nostalgic about Vilnus, Lviv or Brest (my familly comes from there) as these cities were major Polish cultural, science and political centers.
I don't know much about your country but Lithuania is on of my favorite countries to play as in the Darkest Hour mod Kaiserreich!
My female friends have had the same experience, and I've never known anyone personally who got robbed
-nebeprisivalgiuosiuose - inside people that haven't eaten enough,
[Baltasis Kiras - Mano Draugai] (My Friends)
The time when Vytautas the Great was in charge, aside from that not much else
Our umemployment levels are way lower than Finland, and our emigration rates are pretty low compared to what they were before and are in Latvia and Lithuania for example.
yay, we're doing better than unfortunately stagnant Portugal or crisis riddled Greece.
Remember last week's lithuanian anti-gay politician who was caught with shirtless guy in his apartment
Yea, McDonalds is wayyyyy better
Mostly dead since nothing interesting happens in Lithuania most of the time.
That portrait of Hitler was hilarious.
We have Top-Shop which always advertises it's products on 10 minute long commercials
If the surname has Muslim vibes, the person can be from or has origins from the Tatar villages
Not sure if it's Latvia and Lithuania or just Lithuania that has the transit line for Kaliningrad - that one one should be kept and rent seeking from Russia for resupplying Kaliningrad should obviously continue.
Ačiū/Ačių -"thank you"
Edit: Lithuania
Gal labiau unarmed
The best part was definitely the walk to Kiipsaare lighthouse.
So they make us close the Ignalina plant because "oh no terrible" and then 15 years later come out with that because NOW it suits them
Historically he's based on 13th century Livonian warlord [Caupo of Turaida] who sort of did all that, but maybe wasn't all bad, because he might have established a successful christianised kingdom like Mindaugas the Great did in Lithuania, but nobody knows exactly as it never happened.
What next Estonia, Lithuania, Finland?
Not well known, but it's all I can think of
Geographically we are more in North than Denmark and more in West and Finland
Be proud of American accent as I think it's the most clear and easy to understand one, at least for us, non-native English speakers who basically learnt English through movies, YouTube, internet
Irrelevant whether it'll help with stopping smuggling or not, when trolls come off with shit like "it won't stop tanks!" and you reply explaining that it's not meant to be you come off as someone who supports it being built big time while in reality may not care at all about it and just dislike random shit being spread.
/The Lithuanian state is an independent democratic republic
Their first car was a two-seat roadster used the profits to build their next car, then luxury sedan, then luxury SUV, now they are realeasing luxury compact car.
But at least Republicans have strong parliament which favors us more and will probably keep the spray tan man in check
Group that with Liberalų sąjūdis' 13 seats and the election winners' TS-LDK 50 seats (both of them said to be pro LBGT), and the new ruling coalition is gonna be the most liberal we've ever had with actual changes very very possible
It's just a "filler" lesson that exists, because it's required to exist.
There is a special service you can complain to if you're discriminated according to your race/gender/age/class/etc and they will apply sanctions.
I'm not there anymore, however I visited Wieliczka while I was
– having based its legal foundations on the Lithuanian Statutes and the Constitutions of the Republic of Lithuania,
Then it turns to 1940 with 06 11 Soviet ultimatum and our cowardly government that agreed to it; Sovietisation of Lithuania and beginning of Soviet genocide (the mass deportations to Siberia in 1941 06 14)
Say that to enslaved innocent civilians from Soviet countries
Riots were between Vilnius Vėtra and Legia
Mensheviks was established by dude named Julius...
Slavic so they came after Rome had fallen and the connections with the Byzantine empire are kinda well sketchy...
Raskevičius is definitely much more active and outspoken about the equal rights, though
Unless a product costs more than 200 eur then debit card is better.
The language was Lithuanian, as for the origin...
why would you not want to drive through Moscow?
[just typed Italian hand in to google]
Also, ask Lithuanians what they think about him.
2nd
And the Royal Navy besieged the coast.
Rant over, the country is great nevertheless
Simply too many cars entering Neringa during summer
I definitely enjoyed my time in Latvia but not the driving - sorry.
Cold -12-20
You can also use them to send your parcel too
are you asking a question or trying to say something?
But i never saw you so my argument still stands
Ohhhh thats what it is
She even ordered few Khachapuri for us and didn't even charged us for them.
Of course
Sounds like more of a universal human experience than a cultural difference.
* Andropov and Chernenko, failure of Soviet economy
I don't watch lithuanian youtube, becouse most videos are garbage
Iceland, Denmark, Slovenia, Croatia and Latvia for being the first countries to recognize our freedom in 1991
There were no pics of the views in our airbnb listing, even though the views were breathtaking to us, coming from a very flat country
No jokes in Czechia this time looks like
Lithuania national stadium
Something's a bit odd there, it lists the top nationalities for Ireland as Italian, US and Romanian?
The Australian guy was very laid-back, I felt comfortable with him
Bit odd feeling that I was with another redditor in the same building today :D
I once went in there for a recipe I found and wanted to try out, and somehow found myself on an anti-vax post
But correct me if I am wrong, those concentration camps were not made to purposefully kill people, just group them up and lock them up
[Potato - Meat dumplings] known as Cepleinai
That's not a misconception though, we actually do have it
Fewer Jews in countries untouched by the Holocaust could simply be a result of people converting.
By the time war ends and economy starts to spin again, that family would probably be already well accommodated in a host country.
There is one in Lithuanian too, "keliolika"
Balts(Lithuanians, Latvians,Prussians) in the north mostly protestant, Eastern Slavs (Ukrainians, Belarusians mostly orthodox and muslim Tartars in the East, Germans in the North-west again protestant, Poles, Mazovians hard core Catholics, Jews all over the place with their religion and culture...
Iš kur esate / esi
Only pistols and non-automatic guns are allowed
I'm sorry to say but with the state of his health you described it would seem such a trip could be...
Lithuania also doubts about Kaunas-PL border section
If Latvians were so sensetive towards humour we'd invaded Estonia, Lithuania and deported all Russians because we just laugh about each other all the time and most of the time not even that positively.
Maybe slowly you can expect some devices to support all 3, but there isn't going to be a rush.
The sound of Lithuanian does sound "more complicated" than Latvian for example, sort of reminds that there is a bigger influence of Slavic languages, especially Polish and Russian, which there is, I imagine.
I fucking love Lithuanians, no matter their weirdness.
They are just to big to fall (fall fast) to let them crash, even though majority of the population would like to see them burn
Lithuanians be like: West is best.
Let it stay that way
- I need ten billion thousands millions infinity
Maybe that is why the entire history of Europe in the 20-th century is that of totalitarianism.
It works in whole baltics, youll get a fair price everytime
My family used to speak Russian, so I couldn't understand them, but they have forgotten it as most of the people I guess in Lithuania who knew Russian
The difference between Lithuanian and Polish foods is not great
I'd wake up at 5:30AM, then leave my house at 6:30 to get to school by 7
Northern food has a tendency to be very filling and to warm you up during harsh winters
Damn, you're right
Šventoji(būd.) Romos(būd)* Imperija(daiktavardis)
Definitely not against current Germany, but certainly in a historic sence
I want a list of names with fuckers who voted for
This is great
Your nation could have slipped ones or twice
It kinda involves you fucking us and that does not sound good :D
The word fund is very simple - tax payer money is transferred from NASA to SpaceX to cover their r&d costs for the falcon 9 and crew dragon vehicles.
Like that
Seems way too small for a country that size.
Everyone knows that Ukraine wants to avoid a conventional war with Russia.
I would say even English is easier to go around
We have it too
Bad drivers get put in the time out corner
There’s nothing wrong with honouring fallen soldiers of any side
Here (in Lithuania) we usually have classes of 25-32 people, 4-8 classes per grade (depends to the size of the school)
It's different on different taps in my house.
I feel bad for Belarussian people, they honestly seem like they've had enough of that bald asshole
Once we had one hit something like 30 meters from us and its like mini explosion happening close by
Are you becoming Germans in Slovakia?
Personal experience is limited, which I am happy about, but I don't need personal experience to hate the idea.
It roughly translates to "mushroom girl".
Stop supporting terrorist kebab shops everyone!
Lukashenko named as "Illegal president of Belarus" on Lithuanian national TV news
The NATO Alliance must therefore puts its force into a counter attack to drive the Russians out.
As a fellow lithuanian i can vouch for this as well
That would be nice of her, but she also is a leader of a country, and nor she or any other leader has the time to show up every time a foreign country needs support.
Europe is generally less religious than the US so usually, no
They're just living where their family used to live long ago and we can't force them to become one of us.
probably, that gate is a chapel, quite popular with the Poles.
But I'm not emailing the staff to ask about a boardgame group to play in : )
Damn, Lithuania is still in the middle ages
Friedrich Wilhelm - Frydrichas Vilhelmas
Women also read more, are more likely to be teachers, and more likely to play musical instruments
I would love to hear someone say that sentence lol
It lasted that long purely because Poland and Lithuania before commonwealth were quite powerful countries on their own
Or theres always that one friend of a friend who knows, does or has the stuff that you desperately need and somehow cooperate together to get it done for smth symbolic like a bottle or just a thank you
Not saying the sound necessarily reminds a Slavic language, but it's just more complicated if compared to the relatively melodic Latvian.
Religion aside, no way Estonians and Lithuanians have the same word for "wheel" - "ratas"?
There is many historical works on that theme, Belarusian historians claim that belarusians created Grand Duchy of Lithuania (since Navahradak is where King Mindoŭh (Mindaugas) was ruling from), and Lithuanian historians claim that modern day Lithuanians created the GDL (for obvious reasons).
But credit cards are not the problem for a lot of (European) tourists - it's that some places (namely Albert Heijn) don't even take debit cards, if they're not Maestro
You need air for greenhouse effect and there is no air in the sea
I doubt the ones aware of this issue are okay with this, however there are many other problems for Lithuania to deal with other than nationalism and nazi apologism
Oh, I see
Oh god no, I watched one of his videos just yesterday :(
How did it come that NATO violated more times than Russia?
Hurt yourself: "It'll go away by the time you get married
It is quite common along side with polish in the south-east of the country (mainly in the capital city Vilnius and surrounding territories)
Seriously, if Croatian is that different of a language from Serbian, then the Samogitian dialect is a whole different culture group from Lithuanian using that logic.
Those guys would get existential dilemma
It takes about 3 hours and costs about €70 per person
Ah yes
How the hell you guys now how to pronounce it (and I am not saying that you are wrong)
Hassle and money I'd put up with if maybe I was going with a friend, alone it's too much
But anyway, she says "Lithuanians, hate the poles, full of Jews", then about 10mins later talks about how Lithuania had land to the Blacksea (ignores the Poland commonwealth part)
That's exactly what's happening.
I don't remember when Lithuania invaded Poland.
Kinda hilarious how there's an account solely for posting articles about e-residency.
Lithuania is a good example for Wales.
Reason why we're happy it's because we use too many antidepressants
Geese and ducks are more common
Most of our businesses and workplaces still take place inside our "old buildings".
But for real tho why are they voting against
Well that Frozen video at least
Drebučiai is the [Jell-o] meaning of jelly.
And if I'd say "I slept the whole day", would English speaking person first presume that I slept for 24 hours, or just from sunrise till sunset?
Austria is one of the more pro russia countries in EU
If he/she seems sane of mind, I generally go along with it.
Well if a country is in that list, it's gotta be doing something right
Haven't you ever seen a cabbage ? wait that looks more like a strawberry actually
Most of Europe still refers to it as Christmas, mate.
In engineering studies at least.
Yeah man, there was no internet back then
I'm not going to be "thankful", just because some ignorant person on the internet told me to be
We don't know why suicides are so high.
The type of people who casually stop in to Prada to buy an outfit after their morning café.
[Here's a short video] for context.
Valakas - 21,38 ha
Some good bits, but at the end when he speaks about this project look at the German flag.
In the town where I live (~1000 people, ~750 lithuanian) at least one person commits suicide over the course of three years
Noone swears in Lithuanian, we all use loaned swear words from Russia or Poland
Lithuania welcomes Trump | Laikykitės ten su Andriumi Tapinu
This is a bit of a Lithuanian exclusive thing because our countries pretty much share the same history, but Poles are really, *really* fucking arrogant.
Shh baby, we will [love you]ė#/media/File:Lietuvos_kariuomene_1938.Army_of_Lithuania_in1938.jpg) again.
So spreading misinformation is a better alternative?
Yep, part of the build up to WWII
For example, [Japan,] [South Korea,] Taiwan, Israel, Iraqi Kurdistan, Ukraine, Lithuania...
Russia – they still are keen on aggressive rhetoric towards us, we are extremely vigilant towards them
Mayyyyyyyybe
Russia
that's pretty popular here too
(unless you have mobile data, which everyone probably does)
Yeah
Oh god
Wait what
> "Prince Charles has some great ideas
Yeah, that was the conclusion I came to.
I think I read that the veto was overused, so caused some serious problems to the country
People find new friends, get married and have kids
The length between them is Sprindis
Montenegro - Juodkalnija (literally)
Russian seems like one of the easiest languages for me to start learning now, because I’m used to occasionally hearing russian in the bus and other places, also there are a lot of words similar to lithuanian
It’s come to the point where entire schools go into lockdown and they still don’t find anything
(I promise it's not a rickroll)
And no - not all US cities adopted numbering
Greece was founded by Lithuanian-Sarmatians, duh!
For example, (Context: During the common wealth, poland and lithuania had joined forces and were under the same rule [lithuanian monarch married a polish one], but they were culturally speaking differnt countries) Barbora Radvilaite a queen of the commonwealth, before moving to Kraków used to go horseriding and hunting, or also was very "energetic" at banquets, so things that were considerred unladylike
she is a conservative (one that went a little towards the middle of the spectrum, but still not left leaning at all)
Always assumed that I am talking with 40 year olds :) Also awesome to know that there are at least 1 million EU fans
on the other side "STDs - god's punishment" types
don't know nothing about TESL, but you definitely don't need to enter and leave Schengen in the same country.
Say these and any lithuanian will leave without saying a word or a heated argument could start
Not much of a thing to brag about though
For me, buckwheat, salt, water, some butter is all I need to make a meal
Didn't notice that for some reason, sorry
I haven't watched it (or I have, but loong time ago)
Checks out
Messing with historical facts
And then do it some more since she will probably die early from obesity related causes
Yes, they'd like to move em to Kaunas, it's not a new idea, been proposed and shot down before but peasants so far seem to be more determined to do it.
Get up at like 7, go to school at 7:50 (I live really close by, but I know some people who have to wake up at around 5:30)
In some movie the phrase „officer down“ was translated to „pareigūnas daunas“ . Daunas is a derogatory word for people with down syndrome, or just in general a insult
They literally took their soviet flag and removed sickle and hammer
Kind of understand Russia, but Croatia
Same for Lithuania as well
Sex, gods, genitals and animals:
Only need to learn basic Lithuanian phrases.
* 2016 Seimas election, LVŽS won
country itself has wide variety of touristic attractions and even snow and mountains in the northern part.
When the inspector came to inspect my ticked I had to stand up from my seat to pull out my ticket
Not for us
And Poland is Poland which has a populist, undemocratic, right wing mood now...
Lithuania here
Well, we don't usually like to identify ourselves as Eastern Europeans because we are in Northern Europe, Roman Catholics and not Slavs, so not that many things combine us with eastern neighbors without common history.
Mine only has very few lockers, in the stairways, and you have to pay for them
From England (also your flag is the same, except yellow for white, 🇧🇬 🇱🇹)
For us in the Baltics since 10 years ago wages rose more than double
It's similar in all Slavic languages
Bronius, anything-slovas (Stanislovas, Boleslovas)
I'll give in to what you say, my point was more that there was 100% a Swede in power over Lithuania at some point
That's why you can see these ugly commieblocks and we are still catching up with the Western European economies
Can't they be like us and discriminate based on nationality and not language/skin color?
I guess that's my family, upbringing, whatever you want to call it
your sentence would be:
Idk if it's a local saying, so I put the dialect version in too
I speak lithuanian (native), english (second) and swedish (third).
Carshare, micromobility and public transport, when a city has enough supply, is, I would say, even more convenient
Although Lithuania was the bigger country when it formed, the leadership was all polish, and Lithuanian culture, including the language, was seen as untasteful, and everyone sought to speak polish
For Latvia and Estonia, they're more likely to just try to project soft power and manipulate the populace as they see fit.
On information systems because we have great internet infrastructure.
Definitely Gediminas Castle
A hole in the snow to throw garbage
Some words are, obviously, very different but it's otherwise easy to read
Ireland has not voted to leave EU..
No, but for some reason some people here are really hostile against Polish people
they make a lot
Horny
txt
And then you try to read their text and hit another wall of script that you need to memorize/know by the context
Lithuania also sent a letter demanding for fair and free election and for Belarus stop the violence against its people peaceful protest
they call lorries trucks, pickup trucks trucks and actual trucks trucks, slightly confusing for everyone.
I don’t think it’s national, but used to have this herbal liquor called “trejos devynerios” which translates to “three nines” and it’s made from 27 different herbs
Tbh I'm not sure, entire studies are happening right now to find out why
In this case someone tried to plant the anti-NATO story via an email to the speaker of the Lithuanian parliament.
That's why a European might kniw who the prime minister of France or england or Spain or Portugal or Germany, but an American would not, because those are almost like states to the European country, so you know them because they're your neighbors, so it could affect you, off the tip of my head, the only countries leaders I could think of are Germany, Ireland, england, Japan, Canada, Russia, China, and maybe France, and maybe Lithuania.
[Vincas Mickevičius-Kapsukas] 1880 – 1935.
Overall slowed down world economy due to covid does not help either
Also bear in mind that Lithuania was incorporated in Soviet Union and there situation was more hardcore.
Falklandū salas sosided ėš 2 dėdliū salū ė tepuogė da aple 700 salieliu
Šalčininkai is indeed one of the poorest regions in Lithuania and poor people don't have beautiful houses
I just honestly think that Poland would do a lot better without union with Lithuania.
Older folks know more Russian than English, younger folks know more English than Russian.
In Latvia and Lithuania, Hitler's body count was substantially higher than Stalin's.
mėsa - meat in Lithuanian
One of many examples from Lithuania: [
I went there recently, locals said that it will probably never be finished
* Beijing – Pekinas
The Polish guy was probably working for Poland.
Prussians were half Balts who unified Germany, therefore we're all Lithuanians since Lithuania was unified Baltic (white) state.
"Altorių šešėly" should be [thicker]
Joja Lietuviai
I personally find it interesting that these are the top comments considering that TE is a liberal paper.
So it's declining
I've heard some people call Kaunas ugly
I’m sure they know
There are express buses which have timetables changed, but not all of them.
Placing a tag on a submission or something else?
I spent lots of time in Lithuania and flights there are very cheap (>50-60£) you can also get super cheap train travel to lots of the rest of Northern Europe!
Again for a few weeks probably
Thats a rip off
You may also have it loaded and ready for self-defense while at home - depending on your living arrangements
The old people haven't died out yet.
I might be wrong, but from the interviews with random people on the street in russia about this topic I've seen that most people don't like homosexuals and believe they shouldn't be allowed to kiss/hug/hold hands in the public
Jag alskar dig Sverige
Zeppelins maybe
TBH yes you are Nordic as long as Fins are Nordic too.
Isn't that what France usually does?
He is practically THE pro-EU candidate.
Why trains were cancelled
I went to future once, I only found a memorial commemorating the awfulness of your takes
Don't try to steal our northern light Sweden!
taip
And sharp swords (hell even knives) are out of the question.
You raise a fair point up for consideration
The first thing that came to mind is Gundė. It's a female name from a book I read (the book was originally published in 1911 in America, and then in 1913 in Lithuania)
We always were a kingdom but we also were a border region
I lived in the Netherlands for a year and it was probably the difference in humidity or some kind of other similar factors, but the same temperatures over +20 seemed hotter in NL, and ones at around 0 seemed colder
Don't know about Bulgaria tho
Also could you spell that in latin letter for easier reading?
We don't really celebrate or do something about world war one
Similarly, in Lithuanian it is called “Maldininkas”
The saying 'oh that Lithuania is poor as fuck' doesn't work anymore.
If they are straight Polish, it is very likely that the person is from South-Eastern Lithuania
A comment above you suggests that it might be due to Polish girls comming here to have an abortion.
I wonder how it knows if someone is polite.
It is very conceivable that NATO attacks Russia because NATO is consisted of countries utterly obsessed about hating Russia such as Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia and Poland.
So maybe that was mixup which mislead me, I remember him saying that rape and danger to life under the same conditions
Glorious Poland saves the day lol, fuck off, you didn't fight for us, you fought for yourself.
In Lithuania football isn't popular
No, Turkey is too important a member to be lost.
ЖЫВЕ БЕЛАРУСЬ!
Suitcase
I'm pretty sure countries wouldn't ally themselves with Nazi Germany if it wasn't for USSR's murderous dictatorship that killed millions of it's and other country's citizens in most brutal fashion from starving to straight torturing, here is a glimpse on what they did in Lithuanian during first occupation, before even Nazis crossed the border and were seen as liberators.
The only good thing about this is probably that every time they are trying to change or ban something, everyone has a good laugh
Šakotis: bottom shelf
We like our trees
Europe is on it's own from now on.
I hope Paris can rebuild, and learn from the fire to prevent it from happening again
The LSDDP and the LSDP were the same party until a couple of years ago, when some LSDP members split to form the LSDDP
I like Northern most and I *really* hate being called Eastern
Jokes aside it's not a nice feeling.
Yesterday it was around 25* and I was sweating everywhere, which can get annoying with a mask on
There's still only the good ol' 2 lane road from the Lithuanian border to Warsaw almost (nice thing is those expressways are getting closer to Lithuania all the time).
I guess it is time we got the band back.
of Lithuania and more generally Baltic tribes
Drebučiai is the right word it's just really uncommon, my mom used to make some, but other than that it's rare.
Kawaii desu
Good
Austrijos-Vengrijos imperija
This would be the first time I am hearing about this.
I don't really like the choice of shades here, especially with the majority being black and dark
Damn, you're right
So if you meet a Lithuanian with an RP accent, you can usually tell because they devoice too much
It was held by an army, not by the people.
My case in Lithuanian gymnasium (year 9 to 12) few years ago
Yup that's right 17 cm, no need to question it.
It would just be something that disappeared "without a trace"
People in what is now Western Ukraine lived in relative safety under Polish/Lithuanian landowners.
When I was a kid I went to Italian school after my regular school to help me learn more, and then after I had forgotten some by the time I was a teenager I started taking it in high school (Italian is offered in almost all high schools in New York because most people are Italian here)
Baik keiktis
Just slightly, I'd still like to emigrate more to the west than stay in eastern europe
People used to joke about it when it just came to Lithuania, but it is all over now I think
> No, what you’ve seen is tourist areas in a warm country with wealthy foreigners buying property
At the moment it's +7C and drizzling which is just stupid.
How was Lithuania richer than Poland?
Guns are only allowed to be carried consealed
The problem usually arises then winter comes and you have to heat the uninsulated fucker.
They are ugly, but at least the yare ugly and different and is not
It's not like when you speak everyone thinks that you Germanized Czechs
Really common, although it's different about smoking in public places
We don't need any more statues of communist leaders, the Soviets built too many monuments of Lenin already
Yes I can read and write as well
I'm here to glorify German and Lithuanian soldiers who fought to protect Lithuania, not Poland.
Very sad to know that even nordic countries have snowless winters
We share quite a few common words that sound similar or even identical but many have totally different meaning
Mickiewicz never visited today's Poland.
He has a loving home
Same situation in all Eastern Europe though.
Not to defend him or anything but you're wrong to assume that contemporary architecture is cheap, bricks would be cheaper.
Typically I assume they save not much due to still low wages for the most at that age
all the names were made up once
Cause I can't find any with our
Yeah, maybe you can traverse the country by bike, but what's the point, if you won't see any nature
You use folders
But for real what did police in europe do to deserve this
Our former speaker of the Seimas (Lithuanian version of speaker of the house) Loreta Graužinienė once pronounced our country Lieva instead of Lietuva, and Lieva just translates to shitty or loser, it is a feminine adjective
Also carrying and gifting postcards really help.
A lot of money and hassle to play for a few hours with strangers
So it's same thing like with Grand Duchy of Lithuania, which was a Belarusian state with a Lithuanian name
So would Lithuania contribute to defending Greece from Turkish assault?
Having your plane drop out of the sky wouldn't be worth the increase in customers.
Ireland, Norway, Denmark, Finland and Austria :/
Latvians read nazi literature or race theories
And since he showed most of the worst parts of the city it's not surprise, the euromonies are put to improve looking of buildings really does change perspective.
I guarantee you that nobody is actually following her on twitter in Lithuania, and probably at least 50 percent of her followers are just fake accounts bought by her father.
You nordics should stop with that [fake tan]
If you think that calling out bullshit by posting facts is the same as Russian users "Vytautas", "Erikas" or "Albinas" posting badly translated anti-American, Eurosceptic and anti-NATO comments in Lithuanian news sites, then my friend, you are very wrong.
In the town where I live (~1000 people, ~750 lithuanian) at least one person commits suicide over the course of three years
I'm speaking about Polish-Lithuanian War.
During this time France, Denmark and Norway falls
So in 21st century I don't think there's a strong reason for us to dislike you
Frites
our country rarely gets into international news media
All who do not like Russia are fascist.
you can see on the riverside in the second photo, i believe it cost city around 29k euro, and it's truly miserably looking nowadays
Lithuania
So what does African conflicts have anything to do with former Yugoslavian nations?
In some cases the person's passport will be taken, a written promise to not leave could be signed
Impeached for sexual harassment
I don't remember seeing any citations for your post.
Active/passive beach areas are clothed, well you know what I mean
Soviets actually were moving people from the countryside to cities.
Anyway
However, in English that is dropped and only z/s/c remains.
It would sound funny in Lithuanian because "nebe" means "no more". It would be no more lux (good/luxurious)
I never said it's horrible for the economy
Turkey and Russia are getting along well as well
You know one of them is Angela Merkel
Lithuania doesn't support transitioning
Sure, come for a visit - wonderful countries
I don't think the Trump team really understands what actual free-trade means, like we have within the EU.
And in the old town of Vilnius even the store sign above your business door need to adhere to certain standards
Portugal - screw standard of living in Germany/France, its the maximum distance from Mother Russia that counts!
Yeah, most of the Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth years
We also use "š" in "budapest". It would be "budapeštas" in lithuanian
We will be building a wall around Lithuanian Latvian commonwealth (no wall with your border, you cool)
He came here with Erasmus program, liked the country and stayed here for a few more years.
[To be fair Russia did loose one fighter plane in Lithuania] Its like 1-0 Nato is winning
Actually I checked my Lithuania
That's why Lithuania bought/rented(kinda stupid decision but whatever) a LNG Carrier "Independance" to literally say fuck you to Russian as in "You won't pull us on that string anymore
In lithuanian keikti just means swearing
I pressed my mother about it and she got worked up saying it's much too private to be discussed out loud
wot M8
Debatable if a ceasefire should not be called peace.
Domeiko is certainly aknowledged here but scientists in history are often (sadly) overshadowed by military people.
Incidentally eastern EU border aligns with eastern NATO and Schengen Area borders, so there are multiple layers of protection.
I always thought New York was about in the same line as Vilnius or at least London
finally we joined the progressive world of the late 20th century.
I didn't even know such a sub existed before you mentioned it.
The car reacted even before it happened.
[But look from where we came from]
Greatest generation
We cared, but it's an internal issue, how are otjer countries supposed to do anything about it
Germany is a large country, their total population is as big as Poland, Czechia, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, combined.
My favourite joke when I was studying abroad in Lithuania.
a really nice mansion, seriously that is a shit ton of money, I was surprised to see some of the replies here
And alphabets :/
Since when is Sweden a neighbor of Lithuania?
Not everything, and usually with evidence.
Crimea is Russia's most important warm water harbor and their access to the Black Sea.
If I had a euro for every time someone says that about the Baltic States
Well, France and UK and later France-Germany were arch-rivals/enemies for most of the history since fall of Roman Empire.
[Užgavėnės]
Once again, she's not all-powerful.
Good for Belarusians, costly for us (but EU could help us with integration of our former neighbouring dictatorship to the EU
We do have stray cats, but not to the level of it being a problem, there's municipal cat houses/shelters spread around the neighbourhoods
do Poles feel anything towards the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth?
Caucasiod doesn't really mean purely white.
Sorry :/ I'll try to learn more about your country.
I don't care that we have hostile neighbors, it's not my fucking job to protect anyone
To be fair you could swing this question to being colonized by European powers.
Pretty much in every city all over Europe
Wear something with pockets
Wage labour was the norm for the majority of the population (farmers work the nobles fields, they pay a part of the harvest as tax and keep the rest - their wage
I don't know stereotype which is true , but PLEASE stop calling us Soviet or Russian
People thought Lithuania is not yet ready, but alas - Laisvės Partija got 11 seats
Just like Lithuanian has a few Finnish loanwords that relate to ships and sailing ("ship" = Lith.
You can never be thatrelevabt with so little people and so much area is empty (but I guess most people in Sweden live in cities but still it can't be worse).
I am disabled and can walk just short distances, 1km mostly, so it would be mainly sightseeing from a car.
There are Italians, and then there are Sicilians
Not really, all we have is 100 days
Though we sometimes bottle tap water as well
If they raise prices for everybody, is that fair?
Absolutely normal
You can sit there after coming out of the sauna, listen to birds and just enjoy nature
This Tomaszewski is a dick, he constantly praises Russia, he said multiple times on live broadcasts that Crimea belongs to Russia, he's appeared in public events with [Ribbon of St.
Our last high profile diplomatic meeting was back in 2011, when our previous President Dalia Grybauskaitė met Prime Minister Vladimir Putin
Choose one
Freezing (uncomfortable): < -16
I celebrated a birthday of my friend who studies in Cambridge, another day I walked \~20 km through London and got soaked by rain in the evening
I dunno about Lithuanian, but in Latvian there's no grammar rule permitting two vv's.
An old devil, his mentor, shows him around.
[According to this map] it extends to Croatia, Serbia and Romania.
Not everyone in the gov is undeniably good, some are even corrupt, but at the end of the day the world needs to the US.
without ever needing learning Lithuanian past few standard phrases and words.
And it is literally the exact same butter as back in Ireland
It's really not as utopian as it may sound - I have been living like this for a few years now in Vilnius (not the most well funded or innovative city by far)
Yes, it's known that Piłsudski was born in Lithuania and that his heart is burried in Vilnius but he chose Poland
It's clean relative to other methods.
[Józef Piłsudski] A man who wanted to make Commonwealth of Both Nations Great Again.
They could have gone with residential areas...
I can somewhat see the eeriness
Lithuania where I grew up, because we had a ferry route to Klaipeda.
*Herbalist* +40% resistence to Nettles & +20% resistence to bee sting; *Gatherer* 50% increased detection radius for mushrooms and herbs; *Marshfolk* +30% walking speed in bogs
In terms of History and wars and stuff, Latvians have much better ties to Estonians than they do with with their proper ethnic brothers Lithuanians down south.
Where did you see the first guy?
For some reason 26th as well, but no one really cares about it
And even though I had it in both the primary school, and in the first 4 years of middle schools I know that it's not a class you get in even school in the country
Its a jab at Belarus claiming to be the rightful predecessor of the Dutchy of Lithuania.
Czechia is much better, it's shorter and easier to fit into a tweet or sms.
Just because I don't know stuff doesn't mean I am capple for politics..
The key word here is 'consider'. Many of them don't speak polish or care for polish culture
Youth from 19 to 26 can be drafted, unless you start studying in a university or college.
Using more auxiliary words, that is not that common, but still fully legit in Lithuanian:
The main issue with them is that they try to create words for things (most famous case was for the English word "monitor" (as in pc screen), the commission's invented word "vaizduoklis" but it just didn't stick so they gave up on that word) and from time to time they are to late because foreign "barbaric" words just got adapted for the everyday languege and is recognised by everyone
Happy Restoration of Independence Day Lithuania!
There were people who were Lithuanians in Vilnius region in 1900's, but to them there was no huge difference between being Polish or Lithuanian.
The only countries that Russophilia won't work are Poland, Ukraine, Lithuania, Romania, Estonia, Latvia and Finland.
The phrase you're looking for is not insane
TL;DR: Doubt it
Poland was involved in fighting in Eastern Latvia, because it was close to their border back then, not sure about Lithuania, probably the same
They have simultaneously no real connection to their 'old country', and have a culture entirely shaped by it.
Very rare
will have a far higher capacity to stay in the UK after it leaves the EU
I just don't see how we, a country of barely 2
Zeppelin is basically a big ball of boiled potato with a meat filling
Que pasa amigo
I love how the comment box says no Agenda pushing yet every post I see in this subreddit is pushing some BS agenda :)
From a linguist's standpoint, though, Lithuanian is fascinating and the one Indo-European language I still care about learning after having studied French, German, Spanish, Norwegian and Russian.
I've always though Lithuanians beleived in slavic pantheon, but it appears they didn't.
Pskov or Veliky Novgorod
So I would consider myself to be more of an extreme case in saving and earning
It's not, linguistic purism is institutionalized around the world.
> Oh yeah, and forests
500K city can turn into hell of a traffic jam if most commute by cars.
There's a SHITTON of balto-slavic monsters, and not even half of them are in the witcher, although some of them are mentioned
You wouldn’t really see that happening in Lithuania, people usually keep it to themselves
You are scared, lost, confused and the best thing you can do is empty your magazine at that something.
Most of the time
In Lithuania (which was occupied by Soviets) we mostly talk about secret pact with Ribbentrop and Molotov then general things
because the same communists already killed ¾ of my family by 1940 and exiled my family to central asia twice after that
Except in old old villages
I don't think I have a big accent compared to others, because I speak english a lot so for me, if there is an accent, I don't even care about it
Pretty sure it is Pagonia
Exactly, a buffer state, therefore it is not worth it to occupy it
Not a very pleasant place, although over here we don't really have any immigrants.
Cause me and my family have Mezon and we pay 17
Some Lithuanians go to Poland to stock up on cheap food, get furniture or things like sinks.
Something that you'd put on a birthday cake?
BMW driving punks are a menace to society
• Vytautas The Great
Some examples of VLKK work includes them trying to ban using English names for computer programes like Excel/Powerpoint
It's like Lithuanian Halloween
Nah, the only way you'd get beaten is if you said this to a skinhead or smth, otherwise people would just get annoyed and correct you
no such place lol
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
It’s come to the point where entire schools go into lockdown and they still don’t find anything
I of course know the attitudes of Estonians best, but I presume Latvians and Lithuanians are not very much different regarding this matter.
Holy shit, your TV tower is so similiar to the TV tower we have in Vilnius.
* I usually buy the tickets on [www
But
Okay some insights from a person that said this would happen as soon as Germany invited them.
Most popular beer in 2013 was [Švyturys Ekstra] , but best beer in my opinion is either [Kalnapilis Grand Select] or [Volfas Engelman Rinktinis]
Also, not that bad, considering what was going on there.
And the longest internal route, Vilnius-Klaipėda (\~400 km) costs 14,50 € full price and just 6,88 € for me
There is the EHU with Russian and Belarusian teaching languages.
What is your opinion about English courses (if you took them)
Just dress them up from the outside, new roof and you have a great house.
3 quarters of the island atleast
Riga has a famous [sculpture of a black cat on one of the roofs] Every time someone mentions "Melnas kakis" on the roof, all I can think about is a big blue shit
Since we're in the subject, I'd also like to say how important context and accent is in lithuanian
Though I think the main reason a lot of Lithuanians dislike Poles, are the Poles still living in Lithuania
Pretty much everyone above the age of 30 speaks it, and about 30-40% of younger people speak it, however the number is dropping because now we're just starting to use English instead
Y'all can fight for the second spot
Theoretically: maybe Žemaitija (Samogitia), their culture and language are a tad bit different than that of the rest of Lithuania
For me I'd say it's the Balkans, but probably because I have personal connections to the place and pay attention to it.
I don't know much since I didn't live in that period of time, but the one thing that stuck to me the most is the stealing and corruption
You emphasised the word *everything* with *literally*.
Call me how you want, but treating women like that is disgusting.
Meme music: Vidas Bareikis - Pusvalanduko
(and its a hooray because road accidents are still a big deal here, even though goverment often shows effort to get that number smaller)
I don't really know, every person has a unique way of pronouncing things, [here's a random recording] I made of myself some time ago.
15-20 range
Yay, it's independence day
Nope I was saying that combat is very different from a terror attack and why friendly fire is much more likely for soldiers.
Putin can kill as much people as he want
We would cause nuclear war as we have NATO battalions stationed here
It's amazing how much better I started feeling after deleting my account
The only reason I would go for smaller markings if the minority language is not spoken elsewhere in the world.
Unfortunately, the kids are home, too
5 this year
Sun rose today in 8:55, and set in 16:02
Holy shit didnt know that
Is this how mosquitos feel
Never would have thought that it's similar to Lithuanian thank you - Dėkui
The anti-Soviet pro-democratic guerrilla war starts immediately after the Soviet re-occupation
It was long time puppet of Russia
Which translates into less money being available in capital markets and investments and then this sub cries when americans buy up all of our startups
Exactly
Now every time polish clubs come to play you will hear - police forces are streghtened, polish cars might be stopped
Equal rights, I would assume every citizen should do it, not just males but females too.
We are supposed to get some rain tomorrow so I cannot wait for that awesome cool and fresh air after it stops
Going to Poland is a pain
This should have been a gallery like the 'Lithuanian National Costumes' post.
Zhirinovsky is a Trump version of RF.
I mean, we elected a quite populist party.
From Argentina to Lithuania, to China used same army uniform design as Germany during Interwar period.
Some people even cook whole head of a pig
I live in klaipeda and there is only 1 McDonalds while theres like 7 hesburgers
How can you use twitch for that
Or Lithuanian spoken with a heavy accent I'm not familiar with
Watching cats sleep together on a bench in Croatia
Here is a case I linked elsewhere on this thread:  A man shot 4 unarmed attackers while not sober, one of them died, and it was ruled justified self defense
All countries are small in the Schwarzschild metric
But both cases assume people are ethnic Lithuanians
africa addio
Where in the article does the author assert that Lithuania is more vulnerable?
[see January Killings]
The Lithuania you play in EU4 later became a part of the Commonwealth, which eventually got conquered by Austria, Prussia and Russia.
Most people know that there are various dialects from general knowledge
He could say "kilometres" but then americans would complain :)
You can't predict what it will be and who's side will have bigger turnout
As far as I know most European brokers will only operate in certain countries.
Most Samogitians remind me of American southerners.
So yes, you can get an idea of where someones from by their appearance
So you say if a muslim women who are forced to wear hidjab suddenly would go out on the public in a mini skirt it would be ok for her husband?
Woah
I don't understand the argument "GDL was multicultural", it was multicultural mostly because Lithuanians incorporated foreign lands.
am i looking at it in the wrong way?
(And ironically only sped up polonisation)
• jūrų kiaulytė ( a sea piggy) - guinea pig
What's the backstory of her wearing this shirt?
It would be incredible to explore the world only with.
And we will get it if Putin manages to stay in power.
Lithuania got back Klaipėda Region in 1948, as far as I know, there were no other border changes.
Their summers are probably warmer though, depending on how far south you go, and considering that Japan's next to the pacific ocean
Usually a glass for breakfast and a glass before sleep
borrow more on a national level
Looks a lot like [Karoliniškės] district in Vilnius.
And to be fair ww1 was almost hundred years ago.
Acting like our opinion doesn't matter and trying to dictate how we should think(lest we be seen like horrible racist xenophobes) conjures up images of Empires and no one singed up to be part of the Franco-German empire.
I spent about a week in Latvia once (mostly with Latvians) and after 3 or 4 days of asking about certain common words and phrases that are different and getting the hang of them, I was surprised by how much I could understand
1 euro - Ice cream bar
why would you want total darkness
To own a gun: psychological evaluation, passed gun use training, guaranteed place to store
Are we going to ignore the Baltc States
The fact, that China isn't even on the list, says a lot
* **LSDDP** (11 seats): Social democracy; pro-EU; centre-left
Taip ir maniau, jog Šalčininkai bus paminėti
Not only poland
If I'm walking somewhere for more than 5 minutes I'll wear thick tights under my jeans or wear two pairs of pants
Where's Gediminas tower
I've been there and it's just as spectacular [from close up]
Well
Word "Lithuania" probably has to do with to do with the word "lieti(s)", which means to "flow (into one), to pour."
Mm now that you said it
“ant” (on something)
Yeah glider and fighter jet , not very comparable.
Need pictures of our dull apartment blocks to contrast the fairy tale beauty.
If I had to guess, I'd say Lithuanian economy is strongly skewed towards companies.
Maybe I would even meet my grandparents who are alive nowadays
We are cautious about Russia and we talk about it sometimes, but we're not "literally shitting our pants" like some foreign articles make it seem like.
They were all invented
Good thing I live in Lithuania
The worse thing would be calling us Slavs
^^^I ^^^should ^^^probably ^^^go ^^^and ^^^study ^^^for ^^^my ^^^exam ^^^tomorrow...
The f*ck is wrong with these guys
Aww, thanks bro
I forgot to mention, but also laws should be more or less the same.
AK-47 was actually heavily influenced by the StG-44
what's a commute
Gravity work pretty well in Europe
I have to second that, Dutch isn't that challenging if it's slow, it also get easier if you hear it often enough
Also, the latin/italian/spanish curva sounds very similar to kurwa, which, like in poland, is also a very popular swearword here(albeit we do not use it nearly as creatively as the poles)
They also suggest new "correct" words to use instead of the wrong ones
So Latvia can finally into potato
Šmatička na patičku - CZ umbrella, PL a little rag on a little stick
I see that Lithuania tag lol
Acceptance of other sexualities, other races
Like what do the buttons do on a car dashboard, thats what I asked my parrents after +3 years of having a licence to drive because I never owned a car and rarely drive
Another issue it the sources, the first source is literally a webpage from argentinian military (it's titled as "why the Islas Malvinas should belong to Argentina")
Seriously, Estonians always get defensive like that whenever they are mentioned as "Baltic".
I mean, we ourselves are not fans of Commonwealth, you can guess why, but European Federation is the future and starting to unite bit by bit is a way to go.
TIL that's a thing
Go f\*\*k yourselves
The fuck does McDonalds have to do with people buying Coke?
Lock, Stock and two smoking barrels were translated in Lithuania as Bark, Howl or Shoot
Could the spoon be ''discovered'' by some aliens in a far away galaxy
Moscow is not anywhere near Lithuania.
Here are 17 reasons why we are better than the rest of the world
We have a similar one but it's "Until you jump over the ditch don't say hop"
The fakeness, forced wholesomeness and compliment sandwiches are bad enough when you're an autistic Eastern European (make a "tactless" comment and they'll rip you apart tho), but they're so deep into Teen Vogue white savior victim slay queen "feminism" bullshit these days it's sickening
We all lived through that
Problem can arise from similar sounding syllables: in some words "g" and "k" or "ia" and "e" can sound similar
I was referring more to the concept of the "assault weapon" using an intermediary rifle cartridge
Very Lithuanian-centred
Do they have to join the Euro or can they still say no?
Having to drive through Poland is literally the worst part of living in Lithuania.
The Baltic bit wasn't meant as a poke to ethnic pride, if that offended you, I apologize.
Math - blue
**Poland had long been hostile to Czechoslovakia and now sided with Germany.** Poland demanded that Czechoslovakia give up the Teschen, where Poles made about 70% of inhabitants, or otherwise Poland threatened to take it by force.
But anyway, there's probably no straight translation like OP wants to know.
thank you for your electricity <3
Joja Lietuviai
People go to hesburger only because mcdonald's aren't in most cities, or are in pretty inconvenient locations
If everywhere else its just rain - we still have winters and summers, but those are becoming extreme (meaning we used to never have +40 in the summer or - 40 in the winter)
Yep, when i talk to someone i often say, "like uhm that thing, you know, right
There are probably even trips that are pre-planned for you so you don't have to do the planning yourself.
Yeah, he's right
After work I don't have the crushing feeling that people around me just woke up and are starting their day and I'm groggy and tired just going to bed.
Pretty much every window made in the last 15 years is like that
Coat
We considered fighting the Soviets in 1940, too.
A Pole who admires Luther and calls Mickiewicz Lithuanian?
I think you misspelled Napalys Bonapartas
With polish friends - not so much
I use it and abuse it
He had to secure them physically, and he did.
Anyone with a clean record can take a class and pass it and get the permit
But immigration is the main reason nationalist gets more and more popular.
It's getting real warm \~27
The fact that it's not possible to run as an independent and a party can sabotage one of their own candidates is just scary.
Also, a family wearing matching jackets (skiing, hiking, mountaineering): Swedish/Nordic
Such small number cannot not integrate.
I guess they're viewed positively because they do cultural events.
Leading in something, I guess
Come here, Estonia
I am into all kinds of dark beers
I've talked to some people from Egypt and other African countries who were studying engineering.
I see it as partially a matter of self-identification.
you measure it in metres and centimetres.
First poem is very relevant in today's struggle with environmental crisis
Not sure about the other 2, but we're esssentially topping the charts of consumed alcohol per capita.
Haha I'm the same, Lithuanian paternal and Italian maternal
Tried it for the first time a few months ago, didn't get it
Lack of snow in winter makes it feel like winter is still coming
When looking through such long distance, any particles in air that reduce it transparency even a little give a very noticeable haze
Exactly
For our hearts and mental health
Well it's only 30
Enough time to make this year even stranger.
The only two I can think of was the one about Hanibal Lecter and the one about Jewish resistance with Daniel Craig, but none of them really focused on the Lithunia aspect of it
I guess that none
Depends, given that kids first get to use mobile UI, it might be easier for them to understand things
the subreddit of /r/america is /r/all, apparently
Lol, Lithuanian has a very similar word to kuningas and that word is kunigas, meaning priest
Yea, they sell puke marketed as chocolate.
In Lithunian folklore there are multiple pagan holidays, that are still celebrated to this day
It has something to do with [this] and [this]–Soviet_War).
Fun fact: its illegal to beg and give money to beggars in Lithuania.
Theres Lithuanian, english and german,russian,french, but you can choose wich ones you want to learn
Come to think about it, the box should be as large as half of known universe..
Alytus is heavy industry:
Yes it is sizable enough if we switch.
They say that our system leads to longer waiting times, especially as they're are less doctors available in the surgery.
The wind farm has been in plan for 10 years now.
Luxembourg is 2,586 so they are both rounded to 25.
They're pretty far away, and I doubt many Britons know much about those countries or cultures.
It wasn't a state of the USSR like Ukraine or Lithuania, but it was more or less a puppet of the USSR like most countries in Eastern Europe after WWII.
you hold the loose corner so it doesn't spill.
Also it cost fortune to finish them in terms of finishing interior.
We don't go there, it smells funny.
Ive been missing them very much
Its not the same
So it is enforced, but not to strictly and won't cause you to much trouble if you break it
I'd guess that they would be planted 15-20 years ago.
Lanes
Vietnam is in portugal
Regardless of where you are, if nukes get involved, it will cause a chain reaction and all of humanity is doomed
Haven't seen 30+ in months I think
Nah man, I'm good, on the other hand, you are filled with anger.
į (in, to), o (and, however, but (has a lot of meanings, depends on context)), ė (used to get attention, like *hey
But it felt filthy rich as well
In my city there's three Mexican restaurants I know of.
The sad thing is that it is hard to tell if you are joking or you are getting paid for it.
Most people in Poland don't have AC
But no thunderstorms
The Constitutional Court has 9 justices (serving single 9 year term)
No, we don't wish bad for you
So, if you're older than that, it shouldn't matter anymore.
You see in Vilnius murder usually takes just 1 person.
This is not how you look after your language, lads.
As of recent years ~2016 something
It's built right next to Lithuanian border and they'll use Neris river water for cooling.
*Maybe she likes you* and doesn't know how to feel about it.
Now this is art
Actually people with low intellectual level leaves mostly, because you can't really live a full life here with low salary.
My parents stood in the [Baltic Way,] a 650km long human chain, connecting all three Baltic capitals
I seen a couple of comments about people not being able to speak the language.
The one at the street level or the one that is slightly above
Too many rules of what a good anthem should be are broken with ours
Right, how did the oppression happen ?
Karaliaučius (these days known as Kaliningrad) and the surrounding areas (known as Lithuania Minor: Some parts of modern Belarus as well.
Can't wait for the day we get 100% of our energy from renewables.
In lithuanian its *Plaktukas* literally translated means Whipper / Thrasher
On behalf of all Lithuanians, I thank you
It both makes us barely better than the people we are fighting and will most likely produce no quality information as the guy just screams out first names to come to his mind.
For me Vitkauskas
[see January Killings]
I'm not praising the guy who died
Hitler organised to build new Chancellery and they were connected by that Fuhrerbunker
I'd call it state capitalist
Almost half of the dead were civilian casualties
Well we've recently had an openly gay couple on a magazine, though idk if that LGBT propaganda,and we have had some small scale parades
Many movements like labour unions existed before Marx shared out his mistake lmao
I've lost interest in basketball a long time ago
We are the original and you are the German loving copy cats
bruh
ahh lets hope I won't forget this when I visit France in future
Rest of lithuania doesnt seem them as exclusive, better or worse
Which provider is this
But to be honest europe had a wake up call three years ago when shtf in Ukraine.
I can't explain your confidence for a government that has participated again and again in such actions.
Damn, forgot about the mushroom pickers
It was a mix of both and thus should not be on this map.
It's amazing how much better I started feeling after deleting my account
The technology doesn't really matter.
lithuanian, french, english, dutch, german, spanish, latvian and estonian
Not exactly sure why we didn't have it so bad it here in Lithuania
Should be a tad lower I think, [this] puts 1 room apartment in Vilnius rent price at 250eur.
Also - yes I do own some bitcoin.
The Commonwealth was partitioned by Russia, Austria and Prussia in late 18th century, majority of Lithuanian areas became part of Russian empire
I'm just curious as to what the russian reddit community thinks about it
If any Lithuanians feel differently, feel free to chime in, I'd love to hear why
Yeah
>Labas, mano vardas yra Jonas
When Launching form Poland we hit Stockholm if anything goes wrong and every place on the coast of Lithuanian would put whole of Latvia's coast in danger.
Sure, the coutry did progress over the past two decades, but it's still a long way to go, to call the country advanced, compared to other EU countries
The awesome chaps that they are were the first ones to recognise the Baltic States as independent when we peaced out from the soviets
You pull it out, rack the slide and rocknroll.
Also if you took good spot where there is a lot of people you could make
Looks about the same here in Lithuania
These two basically sum up our entire existence: being europe's last forest people and suffering from destruction of nature
From where you
I have read the report and while it is difficult to summarize it, I am surprised how well it captures today's mood and challenges in Europe.
Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre...
I love how all major roads to center circle around that place so we don't even have to look at that awful place
Luckily - not yet, and hopefully never
The guy got killed by nazis, the nazis are the problem
But Latvian will often be -s, Lithuanian will be -as, so if there's a lot of -as (and -us), it's probably Lithuanian.
Our regulator appears not to be bothered.
In Lithuania it's "Skaičius ar herbas" - "number or coat of arms".
Year later Soviets gave their ultimatum to either let install few military bases with non-specified number of soldiers or be invaded, it wasn't hard to choose because Lithuanian army was filled with high command officers but what we lacked was lower rank soldiers, we didn't had the numbers to even stall the Soviets and Germany was already on our bad list as we were on theirs, so we choose strict neutrality and accepted the ultimatum, after that our authoritarian president who didn't want to kneel on Soviet demands left the country as our legitimate government kept working, but they soon started to get ditched one by one by Soviets and new pro-Commie puppets started to appear, soon they replaced everyone, because of rigged elections, while they murdered any political opponent in most brutal fashion.
They are really handy
It's probably the most competitive in terms of price, and it's generally viewed as a better employer than other chains
Never give up for your rights and liberties, but fight for them like your Ukrainian brother's and sisters did :)
• žiurkėnas ( a "rat" + [nas] ) - hamster
Living in suburbs of Vilnius
However the average Brit doesn't really make that much difference between all the EE nationalities so I don't see how is the situation for the average Slovak/Lithuanian/Bulgarian etc.
However, they still remain probably ugliest my seen cities, especially their bus stations
I don't know where is this "whatabout.." nonsense is coming from, in Lithuania both soviets and nazis are considered a plague upon humanity, yet here it is - yet another person alluding to idea that Lithuanians think nazis were all rainbows and flowers...
Our now former president made an official visit and that was in Finland so I guess the official stance of Lithuanian goverment is Lapland in Finland
Geographically
ok but like I want some
We like our trees
Same here
Yes I realized you could go there as I was writing my response.
is a much safer way to secure a safety of the Lithuanian informants in Kaliningrad then that's exactly the way of the intelligence exchange they should prioritize.
Depends in which grade I was
Well, according to Brits everything east of Germany sounds Russian.
Then we learn about all the holocaust stuff and the return of the Soviets
Honestly I'm in love with our new IPA's and the old ones, but the beer snobs of the world have spoken and Lithuanian beer making is, at least theoretically, better or simply more developed on a regional level.
They retired their rockets to save money and use the cheap option.
**COULD FEMINISM GIVE THE BRITISH PEOPLE SWINE FLU
Luckily not in 2019, since both of the 2nd round candidates were adequate, and the truly bad candidate imo was third
I currently live in Williamsburg neighborhood of New York City
Before that public transport, biking or car sharing systems had me covered
My parents own a meat mallet like that (although it's metal), I think it's still fairly common to have, at least among older people
One of the better uses of such speeds.
But i never saw you so my argument still stands
Look at gun related death numbers, US is always the worst there, how does that happen if it's not gun control being messed up.
*- Oh haha, I actually don't speak Russian
same in Lithuanian, Saulė (sun, fem
It's completely on you though
We're good at basketball but that's about it.
i dont think it is a good idea having a new referendum every time something change
Sorry for the late reply
It's not like over time we'll start using English more and more and even start communicating with each other in it!
And Estonia wants to be Nordic, but not everyone can achieve their dreams!
It depends from which country you come.
Vilnius - around 600k people
Rotate between Pasvalys and Bauska
And if you're wondering how to distinguish spoken Latvian and Lithuanian, just listen to this [bit in Latvian] Latvians almost always stress the first part of every word (while Lithuanian is all over the place).
I was 14 and went with my choir to Berlin
We mostly imagine you guys wearing shorts, sandals and black socks
The only place I've ever seen on the internet (that is Denmark) is this single street
But I've seen much more walking the streets as well
If it makes you feel any better I visited this summer and I liked Latvia a lot more than Estonia.
We call him "Senis Šaltis (Old Man Frost) or just "Kalėdų Senelis (Christmas Grandpa/Old Man Christmas)" and as far as I'm concerned we don't really celebrate Christmas any differently than Americans.
Yeah, the story is pretty simple.
stinks
Consider the time it took place it was hardly accessible information.
I don't think so
Yes yes, most of all Venezuela, North Korea and Belarus.
I am also racist about vegans because I don't like how they whine.
I mean, we still can’t cure the common cold
Same with glasses (akiniai)
aand Ireland is 'Republic of Ireland'.
• meškėnas ( a "bear"+ [enas]) - racoon
Lithuania is independent for 103 years now
It's viewed as aplace where you can get cheap(compared to other brands), quality products
The general perception for a while was that Poland is a bit economically worse off than Latvia and eastern Poland was the place to go to buy cheap goods.
That's quite the sausage fest
I forgot about slow Estonians
I send my condolences and wish that Paris and France stay strong and unified
Parking lots on the edge of the city where you park your car for cheap and then get on a bus or an electric scooter or whatever
Sanders is a full on tankie, but he knows speaking about communism is politically untenable, so he just substitutes the word communism with Democratic Socialism and tries to equate his positions with that of Nordics, because his constituancy holds Nordics in high regard
My town is known as the largest single community of lithuanians in poland (~75% lithuanian)
Then its stressful and may result in undesired pooping your pants
Just look at this in this way: ignoring all meaning behind the 2 pictures which one one more visually pleasing to you?
Afternoon in Klaipeda, Lithuania
We were talking about Icelandic population though
Poland cant into space after all.
Same as czech
I am a bit surprised there is no France on it
Of course Sweden would recognize an east India man as a she.
You don't represent Lithuania, you only represent yourself, a Soviet loving idiot.
I am genuinely afraid of mosquitoes and ticks in spring and summer
They mainly use two flags, [this one] and [this one]
The only book I enjoyed reading from start to finish at school for Lithuanian classes
Theres much less murder rate there.
Hopefully cultures can be reconciled and we stop looking at each other like we're foreign
If you have the permit you may have it on your body, for example in a holster hidden from view, as you drive
Seems like they put MDMA into the water in Lithuania.
They might be potholes, but I've grown up with these potholes and have grown far too attached to them.
Dunno from where they taking these numbers
Estonian is in Finno-Ugric language group, while Lithuanian is Baltic, and belongs to the Indo-European.
Haven't seen ROM anywhere, ROSHEN sweets are everywhere though.
Soviet Union was another incarnation of Russia just like Russian Empire or Russian Federation
Also, if you need slightly more, [you can get 300mbit for ~12
Ethnicity, you mean
"someone" would count as a gender thingy, "something" just makes me wonder if it was even a human
"No-go zones" is the one thing Trumps administration was as actually right about
If so then I don't understand why: I doubt that migrants from Poland or Lithuania set cars on fire or live on social benefits.
We need to build a wall to keep McDonald supporters out.
Now, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia all have a lot more other NATO country soldiers, because after the Crimean events and war in Donbass, they asked for it.
Or weed, weed is fine as well, it has a smell, but it doesn't smell nasty to me.
But no one will ever borrow money to buy a new car.
Thats a rip off
they should know the basics, but lithuanian is pretty damn hard, even for a native speaker so i understand them
geopolitically it's still Poland
Badly
Is it considered healthy though - that's up for debate
My city is large by my standards, but not by your standards (160k inhabitants)
No we aren't.
I use about 50 GB per month with 150 Mb/s.
I am glad that future of your country now in hands of its people
Ya that is nearly not enough to mean anything of you compare it to Ukraine for example, which started from a thing called Euro Maidan
I don't know, just passed through
The accent of people living in Žemaitija(Šiauliai and all around it) as a person from Aukštaitija(Vilnius and north) is REALLY hard to understand
So we Lithuanians got that "better dead than X" mentality
Soviet aggression of 1991 January
The Israeli state also attracted a lot of Jews (but I assume its still not a big reason why Poland or Baltics have such small number of Jews)
It’s not the polish people I’m talking about
I would for sure include Kęstutis and Algirdas
It was socialist
Ah sadly history likes to repeat itself.
but is it the European side of Istanbul?
It's literally the worst imitation
Seriously, whenever someone cooks one, the house starts smelling like fried asshole.
But at the same time even I have a hard time reading what I wrote
...Falklands are not green
*Boobs Village*
Lithuanians who live in current Lithuania are in fact Samogitians.
A king who created great dynasty no less.
But according to some googling
For example if your country has a choice to seek independent policy to gain economic output but at the same time killing eurozone
At one point Lithuania (Samogitia region more specifically) was the last pagan nation in Europe
I would assume they have no right to work there either so they would have a hard time and potentially do criminal activity or work at the black market.
What the fuck, you think Estonians, Latvians, Lithuanians wanted him to come over and invade their countries?
Of course it's been delayed, it's a huge project involving many countries.
And we are talking of times of "oprychnina' so I guess it's futile two compare level of liberty in both countries
The countries that Russia considers one with them have no real boundaries.
We have letters that English doesn't have (ą, č, ę, ė, į, etc)
When he was alive it was Russian empire.
It is kinda hard to could Stokholm or Copenhagen :D They are basically on water anyways
In my experience, some say we are Central Europe because there's a claim that the geographic center of Europe is in Lithuania
I rode my bike yesterday around noon, had a couple errands to run
Wife's surname ends with -ienė, which notes that the woman is a wife of a man
It's supposed to be challenging.
You enjoy the more cospomolitan, busy feel or would you rather live in a small place with nature?
:) greetings from Lithuania
Maybe, I'm not much into history and nobody really talks about independence all that often aside from USA and where it's relevant at this very moment (HK for example I think)
Nice tradition you got there
No one does depression better than Lithuania.
In Lithuania we also say "paukščių kalba" - bird's language
We have already lured suomi as far as the Valka/Valga LV-EE bordertowns with our cheap Latvian alcohol, so if Lithuania can best us somewhere in Palanga, I think we can reclaim Finland for the Baltics like in good ol' tzar times.
I believe it's more correct to call it a felt-tip pen or a marker, Sharpies (and *flomasters*) are meant for writing or drawing rather than highlighting printed text
And as far as I can see majority of trending twitter # are against Clinton.
Who knows, maybe in 5 years it's gonna be it's own thing?
They literally are occupying a third of one EU member and are openly questioning borders of another.
It’s a universal law of the universe
No they are not
Most of us can't tell our family members that we need help
There's the term "False Knight", that describes a lonely warrior, travelling in search of adventure
Low population makes even less people.
nuostatomis, jis neturi atsakyti pagal baudžiamaji istatyma
Great achievements:
I doubt that the average Italian, French, German or Dutch citizen would be enthusiastic to give their life to defend Lithuania, Estonia, or eastern Poland.
God bless
X-mas and new year bonus or something?
And some newer names that have been created in the same style.
Take one Lithuania as your president and be Great again.
Every time you buy or order online, there is an option to have the items delivered to you
If there is enough will, there is a way, ninja training or not.
Eating something that belongs to it sounds like a bad fortune
That's why I asked this question
* Soviet style industrialisation, commieblocks, de-westernised popular culture
Sun is still the best marker because you get relatively good orientation from it.
president of eu parliament addressing reddit and still no englisch??
Hat or hood is necessary, gloves as well, unless maybe if you're gonna keep your hands in your coat pockets at all times
there is a high probability that the inhabitants of present-day Lithuania have preserved the genetic composition of their forebears relatively undisturbed by the major demographic movements
The first thing that came to mind is Gundė. It's a female name from a book I read (the book was originally published in 1911 in America, and then in 1913 in Lithuania)
What about those crazy birds that rip apart car wipers and shit?
true
While Lithuania does indeed try to show the horrors of the russian and soviet occupations, I wish someone here would do such a bold and strong move like the Estonians over here
Rare to see a fellow Lithuanian in hot on Reddit
like "atbildēt" if ē sounds similar to ė (looks the similar so I read it same) then that word sounds like atbildėti which means come in/over rolling/rattling
We share quite a lot of words with Latvian, but most often it's just the same root, possibly with few different leters, pronunciation is different
Wohoo Rope from our new government is against it...
Once in my life I must take a trip to Lithuania.
Plus the large population of Polish in Vilnius probably comes from the Polish forcefully taking over Vilnius, so you can probably see were the disliking of them by some people (not me) come from
So countering one lunacy with another lunacy will achieve what exactly?
Soviet army was deployed in Lithuania, you moron, when Russian started to roll over our people with tanks.
\- And we elect our rulers
My dad got new VW didn't heard that he got anything as a compensation
everyone in that room seems to be thinking 'this is so unnecessary'
The point isn't specific cultural and geopolitical environment of the 1930s but long term cultural relationships.
Not so long ago you had to travel through Kalingrad or Belarus to go from Lithuania to Poland and vice versa because of a different railway track gauge used in Baltic States' rail network.
The only thing like it I know of or even seen flyers of, is a student association which deals with rights for students and general help throughout the year.
Typically I assume they save not much due to still low wages for the most at that age
You know honestly I overthought this assuming the question would be more difficult than it is
I think that his role in regaining the Polish independence is highly overrated, and even then, Poland wasn't really independent.
Your comment really emphasizes the need of proper gun training regardless of gun culture and gun laws - I guess I just assumed that those who possess guns will draw them regardless of seriousness of a situation.
You can find it in other Baltic States, Nordics and also Central Europe
and never had any problems whatsoever.
Its downfall was that it was too expensive, too complicated and wehrmacht didn't really need it
Yes
> (e: I moved (renamed) it to Falklanda salas and reordered the lede)
I would like to remind liberals that Finland for Petersburgers is a vacation place, and **Imatra is practically a suburb of Petersburg**
It's not that clear cut
They are preservatives, albeit you're right as they are not as potent as salt
Which is basically represents a battlezone quality of roads.
Peace is going to be abused for as long as Russia is given room to invade other countries.
Overall economy has massively grown during these 3 decades, and since 2019, population started rising again
I call the doctor at
And if you want you can even move here like some serbians I know did
It's a great book
That bit that some beaches have unused tourism potential is true; however, you must have been really unlucky to have seen such fertilizer pollution.
Iceland vibing
I don't care enough about this issue to do any further research but I'm dead convinced that people have done stupid shit like this with fireworks in Poland AND in Lithuania and there's nothing you can do to convince me of the opposite.
This has been changing though, my (somewhat rough) childhood neighborhood used to have as much Russian spoken in the streets as Lithuanian, but these days Lithuanian is overwhelming.
Very intelligent, very business and scirnce oriented
Oh God the last time I used these was in elementary school
Low ratings
Are you going to be that blatant ?
>Baltics, you're still Russians, right
There'll be a few Halloween themed parties maybe and some events, but that's the extent of it.
It partly is becouse of it
Or just make unified army and make Europe Great Again!
The rock paper scissors game
it seems that Turkey is a Trojan Horse
2 means
You didn't need them since you had winter doing that for you for free
on an aesthetic level, I would
It's also a big nationwide celebration
We were one of the biggest ones at one point
Yeah, this map on Lithuania literally says "to swear", not "fuck".
Ak, jei tik tu būtum žinojęs, kokį pragarą tau užkais tavo "protingas" komentaras, galbūt tada būtum pasilaikęs savo suknistą liežuvį.
But it also would be expensive for the state to let everyone take free lessons, and if I understand correctly, people that are suing them were not even granted a permit to stay as refugees in Germany, so Germany would be literally sponsoring everyone who wishes to learn German
* Nazi occupation
German Prussians had a lot of Baltic loanwords in their vocabulary because
When it comes to male names I like both german Adolf and old greek Astolfo
You are neighboring water, global climate change will make sure it will invade you.
That's what happens when you elect old farts to the parliament /jk
company is in Luksiai, Šakiu country
* **LSDP** (9 seats): Social democracy; pro-EU; centre-left/left-wing
He did kill his own nationality people right?
In fact, their spoken variaty of Polish language (po-prostu dialect) is way more close to Belarusian or even Russian than to the Polish itself.
This looks like lithuanian capital Vilnius sort of too
Why is this place like that
It's what's left of what used to be a pretty big castle in Vilnius
I was on debating tournament and in the evening drank some cheap Latvian vodka with some Estonian fellows – whose names I have forgotten
same here, the only problem for me is hot weather
I've heard about Pulaski before but haven't had a chance to read about him.
Perceived only slightly negatively in a professional world as its more of a distraction to everybody and a waste of work time i guess
Ireland is 21 places below the UK while Lithuania is leading the EU.
well it was brief and ended up in a bloody mess when his uncle claimed the right to the Swedish throne, nonetheless Sigismund III Vasa holds pretty notable spot in our history - mostly for the fact he moved the capital to Warsaw from some shady shithole no one really cares about...
It's even a part of lithuanian culinary heritage
162 – 173, Leibniz-Institut für Länderkunde (IfL), Leipzig".
Surely OP is referring to Dalia Grybauskaitė, a karate black belt
Also I am not angry or anything :)
This could be the key I've been searching for to easily distinguish (written) Latvian from Lithuanian, and one that is even possible to remember (LT is next to PL, ogonek and slash-l didn't spread further north, + of course shared history&religion).
I don't recall our government making fun of him + there's a new one in charge now anyway.
A Lithuanian who doesn’t like basketball
Not too accurate, as capitals and bigger cities are wealthy
If you wish to have a great culinary experience - book Sweetroot restaurant in Vilnius well in advance
Because 3 of them are the same size.
I hope they are what they look like
Engineer
Germany looks so nice
Aistija, duh
We have the best from our neighbors
Keep in mind that not everyone wants to live until they forget their own names, piss their pants and become a liability.
My boyfriend is Dutch and I'm Lithuanian
In my experience quite common, I personally had math tutor at middle school and then again went to the same tutor during the final 2 years to fill in the gaps I had in school, I also went to Lithuanian language tutor for about 6 months before final exam to fill in specific gaps from earlier in life (if not for that, I probably would have failed Lithuanian language exam)
In Lithuanian alphabet there is no "w" letter.
We use shpargalka (špargalkė) here too
Deja/Deje - "unfortunately"
Isn't scandinavia flooded with poles
Northern food has a tendency to be very filling and to warm you up during harsh winters
All cool, mate, that response is just angry copypasta ;)
From 1573-1763 of 150 meetings of parliament (sejm) 32 were stopped by liberum veto.
The percentages of people living in poverty are steadily dropping, so are stats like preventable disease deaths or child mortality - and subsistence farming in preindustrial conditions is a very fickle affair with constant famines and other misfortunes
Is it
Also Latvia, for being bros
Braliukai turned noclip off at the wrong moment
- I'll renew my home
We do not matter in the grand scheme of things
Not uncommon to, for example, see a pro-Russian Polack who speaks Belarussian in Lithuania or some other bizarre mix.
Lithuania - calls us horse-heads.
And the stars are their daughters :)
Vilnius University
Don't forget "pas nykštukus" - "at the dwarfs"
Lithuania, where the people are even more beautiful than their country.
We have some that are very similar(basically the same) to other instruments that our neighbours have (like [kanklės] or [skudučiai] but the only instrument that is really unique to Lithuania is probably [skrabalai]
Problem was he kept trying to explain it to me in his own language, to this day I have no idea what was wrong as I know I have him the correct change.
I don't know if I'm offended or flattered
I guess that shows GDP relevance (I know, Portugal has bigger population, but not 10x bigger).
What
Moist smell of water, fungi, earth, decomposing plants
It still involves one country's army invading another's territory.
Headlandheadland
Well it's a culture, some sort of culture.
Turns out it's "kerfu**ff**le"
600k is a town in Germany
I think it's actually called "Russian dressing", like officially
Why do you need 4 letters to make 1 sound
A really pleasant one
Here's the link if you want to read more:
That's very surprising to me, or I'm simply in the "wrong" circle of friends
* They like to freeze their bread
We start learning English in second grade and by that time I could read well and speak a little
And Dutch people always say that it's because their machines don't like credit cards, but I don't even use one for physical payments, nor do I think many other Europeans do, it's usually Visa/Mastercard debit
Finish is one of the most beautiful languages in my opinion, I really like it
She does exactly what she says: [
Still, she's way better than the majority of our pop artists.
It's also likely that this time around it will be gender-neutral.
Ukraine is not a EU or NATO member, so backing them against Russia would technically be an act of aggression rather than one of defence
Decent, growing economy, really visible improvements year by year, improving government and bureaucratic mechanisms, no mountains, no dangerous rivers, very little stormy sea, only one type of venomous snake, a lot of nature and lakes, 4 seasons, not hot, not cold
I've personally had great feelings whenever I moved countries for a partner but those weren't necessarily supposed to be long term, end-of-my-life situations
Cost of living in Lithuania is low but the price of university ranges from 1000 to 10000 euros a year, depending on what you study.
The ones I wear at home also tend to be more comfortable (sweatpants and sweaters)
US has peanut butter (which I really don't like) and Europe has a wonder of Nutella.
You guys get tourists
When you started from zero twenty years ago you will grow fast, just to catch up
The Lithuanian word for "peasant" - "valstietis" doesn't have a negative connotation like it does in English.
Lithuanians when their country gets mentioned: ( ^ω^ )
I never said it's horrible for the economy
The trojan horse part usually comes then talks start about Serbia joining EU.
Elites and cities spoke polish even though considering themselves to be lithuanian, one doesn't exclude the other.
The only thing you can carry for self-defence without a specific license is pepper spray
Indo-European Language and Culture
Milk and kefir or buttermilk in bags
(thats a joke if somebody got mad)
I dropped history in 11th grade, which means that I ended my "history studies" at around the early soviet union
Big business does have a lot of influence over German government
And Latin American artisan cheeses could rival Spanish varieties
I grew up in the Soviet Union
Nooooo
So by rules of naming things, more prestigious title comes first
Suburban buses:
NATO still benefits everyone because we dont know who will need help so it benefits me to defend you now rather than face enemies alone
bruh
Joja, joja, Lietuvaičiai,
All the time
Lithuania - Lietuva
I haven't heard many samples of foreigners speaking lithuanian.
That's an illegal picture right there, unless you got permission.
I'm suicidal half of the time, I can barely make eye contact with anyone, let alone live with 30 guys in a single room
Which is strange because Veliky Novgorod ("Great New City", litterally) is one of the oldest cities in Russia (founded in 859).
Is death really the safeguard against criticism ?
But regardless of those semantics, if all known attempts to make communism happen end in authoritarianism, then can you call communism innocent
Not really an accent, but a dialect - Samogitian
This week even our goverment had issues with your statements (considering Lithuanian nationalism as a totalitarian regime) and if this law (or what ever it is) passes we might even recall our ambassadors from Poland that would put our relations on strain and given our current neighbor madness its not the best thing to do
Come on dude, it's not like they are the devil incarnate.
> lack of access to mental healthcare
... keikti
Weird but understandable
Vienas šimtas vienas, vienas šimtas du, vienas šimtas trys
* Nazi occupation
Coming from a person on whose languages mainly consists of o,u,I only
In school you have to learn English, qnd you can choose Russian, German, or French
Drugs just ruin perfect slaves...
There are some russian immigrants too.
It's a calm and happy raggae song that simply has a really good vibe going on
Stangely identical to Lithuanian "na jo" or "nu jo"
It's finally the time to show what I've learned in my English classes!"
Did you bury candy wrappers under pieces of glass in the ground as a kid?
Thank uou dear bro
This is a very proud moment for lithuanians
While historical discussions have that added twist of nationalism, naming rules a quite clear, the more important titles have to come first so in this case there isnt a lot to argue about
"Lithuania
Very diverse
This "Estonia and Poland and Lithuania" is a little misleading - all these countries was involved in fights on Latvian side.
On a bit different note how your current government views PL LT problems with minorities.
"Ramus, kaip belgas"
All you can really have on your person in public without having a special license is pepper spray
kaip gauti salies taga
Same with periods or ob/gyn appointments
On a drying rack next to the sink probably
Basically it’s just cooked meat on fire
My people should learn a thing or two from yours about standing up for themselves
Source: I asked my mother in the past, she loves sunbathing in the summer with grandma and/or friends in all types of beach parts
For some reason when I hear Lithuanian music on the radio at first I have to take a second to understand what language it is, before realizing that I'm a complete moron
There can be some problems with words that have double consonants or consonant assimilation
As for the colors, I have no idea what the original ones were like, it has been abandoned and in this orange like color for as long as I can remember.
Lithuania: WILNO NASZE
Godspeed mate
Same applies to bringing a gf over
As sad as it is you are to odd to be Baltic "sister".
The good part, most of the buses are brand new with wifi, charging sockets, etc
They can't, once the article 50 notice is given, the UK no longer has a voice in the council.
Not quite, *achoo* has the clear stress strictly on the second syllable, and *ãčiū* has a long, stressed first syllable
We call latvians "broliukai"- little brothers
Countryman I guess, but that's a car.
Literally anything that has to do with culture from Japan
Teaching inhabitants Lithuanian language
All nice ant local, but that particular brand of snack is actually made by Latvian company
Let's get stuck on wage hunters of unskilled work.
He was a poodle and we always joked he was a Frenchman
Lithuania has wisdom of the freest eagle in the sky :')
Humans are strange creatures
This has happened so much in Eastern Europe it's common for any American with roots in those countries.
Same in Lithuania - upon declaring independence in 1990, we actually changed to +1 time to be closer to the rest of Europe.
Define "nice" I personally prefer a city life so I don't really want a house and new flats are fairly affordable even to folks with a bit higher than average salary as long as they don' t have kids before buying one.
Russians are slim fit and healthy people
I mean, over here they don't sit in coffee shops with their Macbook all day trying to become a writer.
Malonu su jumis / tavimi susipažinti
Ending is usually good for the main character
The high ranking politicians of Nordic and Baltic countries in [this video discuss our 25 years of cooperation in detail] I recommend watching at least 23 minutes of the video to understand our relationship with the Nordics.
When the live TV showed NATO fighter jets landing for the first time (symbolic, but still), I felt a weight lifting - a hidden weight I never knew I carried
Lithuania itself hasn't been discovered by many, but within the country, Neringa curonian spit is very rarely visited by foreigners
So most of the decline is not USSR-related.
Biggest Japanese garden in Europe
We have "time before lent" where we burn an effigy, eat loads of pancakes with curd and watch a fight between porky and the hempen man
IMO during the time of Rzeczpospolita Obojga Narodów or simply the Commonwealth, the ethnicity wasn't perceived like it is today.
Now norway should stop oil drilling and earth polluting
Hey that's our job
Livonian order once was belonged to Lithuania.
Why would you ask to come for dinner and not mean it
Oh, yeah, Russian media keeps on screaming that January Events were Lithuanian inside job and that Nazi collaborators were behind Lithuanian nationalist movement
Chemically washed chicken isn't even the top of the list of issues
They'll use that money to build factories, shopping malls, etc.
Well, I don't recall this usage, at least not in my school
\- Ehh
Kestutis ( patient)
Although in the meantime poorer than Lithuania and Estonia.
HRE, however loose, was a political entity, Italy on the other hand wasn't.
Lots of Russian families were around.
Don't they have nove goverment for a year or so?
Šalčininkai and its region
Wtf, 39,4 from Lithuania
> Drinking alcohol in the street being socially acceptable
Estonia is a baltic state but they seem to have more relations with the north
Trip with classmates and trolling Latvians with Lithuanian (They answered Lithuanian questions really good, I was shocked)
I went to future once, I only found a memorial commemorating the awfulness of your takes
Are you sure this is not Finland?
Yall are idiots
[like this
And also because after the collapse of the USSR, the new states had a lot of problems: gangs, corrupt politicians, high crimerate, shitty police, fuel shortages
Anyone who managed to let their kids have an education made them learn Polish.
This is weird graph, aren't prices of beer very different.
Lukashenko pushing away from Russia?
It's so much more difficult to release a minister in Lithuania it seems
I can tell you I'm 193cm (6'4) tall, and most people are shorter than me.
What languages are the schools or the government in
Some of them already work with LR and want part of the pie.
During ww2 killed as much as 70% of most cities population (cause of jews, about 100k were killed in total)
Ah, so you already prepared the integration plan.
The shit they comment on a wholsome post just because it is a gay couple and if they have a kid it is always "poor kid" how is he poor
It would be so Nietzschean to go hunting without expecting to actually shoot anything.
I, as a lithuanian, have met a few latvians
Personally, I think it shows a boy who's been put into a politicised uniform to represent something he's neither aware of nor cares about; you can see kids in the background smiling and looking on inquisitively (and I can't see the signature neck-tie of pioneers on them), but the boy in the foreground seems ambivalent; I think it's about putting your agenda onto others, some who might not be able to reject it, to give that agenda an image you desire, but that it doesn't necessarily possess
Basically free water 4ever
And after that got their own ass kicked by Russia, because Commonwealth was the reason why Russians were never great power of Europe.
The new one will come pretty much at standard price I think, something around 35k euro
whatever you call yourselves nowadays
Every square meter of any public facing building was covered
In Lithuanian we say "ramus kaip belgas" -- "calm as a Belgian".  I've heard recently, though, that this saying refers to some animal breed rather than nationality
Only Paksas is the insanest one xD
We usually make fun of cringiest moments of everyday life
There was some dumb bitch running around sick, spreading corona in the bars
For example - the Lithuanian name Jokūbas can be only be spelled Jokūbas; if you try and make it Jokubas for example, it wouldn't be legal
Congrats, braliukai
And as such, less than 5% of all home break-ins in the US are solved annually.
Who would win a cow or a human?
Or how children delivered through C-section do not have a strong personality and are not as successful later in life
It just takes up your entire day and there's almost nothing to see [while on the road] besides tasteless adverts on roadsides.
That's a hell of a strategy for a region that's completely dependant on tourism
People are aware that according to the current consensus, Europe is more than just the EU, but they're allowed to disagree with that.
This map sucks
And at those times both you and me would be probably called Litvins.
Police does police stuff and MP does the same just with military/soldier related stuff
At least I was told I have somewhat American accent and I spoke English about
The former president is true enemy of the state
In my country a lot of names are actually plant names (especially trees or flowers) or names of some other natural phenomenons (the sun, amber,  storm, etc)
It depends of your interpretation of "non-touristy".
Widespread corruption/lobbying is causing a lot of misinformation.
They have some vans parked at popular DIY/furniture shops, you can use an app to open the car doors and to pay for using it
It's "Kurva
High quality wines happen to be cheaper in Sweden, than in many places
French fries are very simple in flavour
Rockstar Games, Inc
But they are also quite small which made it easier.
Plus: nice, relaxed, down-to-earth people.
(500) If its fixed please remind me about this.
That was a joke about state of press in our days.
Hmm I wonder would it be possible to buy 10 years old Bugatti from a dealer in EE.
Quality is superior though
They might be making their own kebabs at home.
Lenin was Mordvin
Of course there's always some private schools that allow it, dont check the gp records, bc they get paid well for that child and sometimes something happens, but its easily contained
My family stopped being Poles, Lithuanians and Russians at some point.
Thank you r/europe
If you get headaches from wearing a mask you might have some really serious issues, visit your doctor
Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Poland have nothing in common with Belarus, Russia and Ukraine other than being post Commie states.
Dear Sealand, the wrist cutting is almost non known in Lithuania.
Seems to make sense considering around 10% of the population of Ireland is Polish/Lithuanian.
If not for the stupid taxes on ethanol (or lack of similar taxation for methanol) these people would be alive.
Our murder rate is mostly alcoholics in villages stabbing each other.
And you use many Greek names for Turkish cities like Konstantinopolis and Smyrna
Pffft we lost almost 34k last year.
I also know a guy from my hometown named Svetogor (sublime)
I wish all the best for the Belarusian people, but at the same time I can't help but feel like their goal is unachievable unless Russia somehow decides to look the other way, which I just don't see happening, since they've already lost Ukraine from their sphere of influence
Somehow managed not to think about it for 22 years of my life, but just one day changed...
The spit part wasnt dispelled though
Words in parentheses are skipped
Most of the clipps forgot about R and Th sounds, which are not present here, so I guess it's a bit difficult to learn them
Just a matter of time before Merkel centralises power and changes her title from Chancellor to Emperor.
I’m Lithuanian
Usually a glass for breakfast and a glass before sleep
Why do I find it hard to believe Estonia is suddenly Western Europe tier here, ahead of Slovenia, Czech Republic or even UK and strongly ahead of Latvia and Lithuania?
Leaving all the nice pics in one thread.
was when we invited Jews and there were many other nations like Tatars and Lithuanians.
Germany -> Vokietija
And people have no alternative to VP because there is no true political opposition.
And what they do is if they do not like a country they attack it and kill it's people.
Aren't most of your beaches rocky
Here in Lithuania most places won't give you tap water if you ask for water.
Physics - white
So just flood them/ Destroy the memory of their country.
During renaissance, lithuania had a fairly relaxed and not strict law compared to other countries at the time
For real
Why isn't Lithuania "least arrogant"?
Black bread is still strong in our cultures, of course now with better ingredients.
We don't have anything that is *that* famous though
“Tarp pilkų debesų” (between the shades of grey) there’s both, Lithuanian and English versions
We have a border with Russia and a bunch of idiots that believe Russian propaganda
Obviously that map is missing Berlin - Warsaw connection which takes [5hrs 13min]
Perhaps not compare us in the "sensibility" context?
* New Constitution
OpenStreetMap based
Why don't you let people do whatever they want to do instead of attaching some sort of boogie-man of a 'patriarchy' to it
In this case documents are passports.
I made this assumption by the amount of books/textbooks we had to carry and how parents would complain about the huge weight their kids have to carry every day
Banks are one of those companies who do actually pay taxes, well at least the old type of banks and not those mobile ones.
Its the general culture that shitfs too much from default
* Kaliningrad – Karaliaučius
IPA classification is [ɣ] (hard) or [ɣʲ] (soft)
But I doubt it's going to happen with peasants in Seimas.
Stangely identical to Lithuanian "na jo" or "nu jo"
I have no concept of antipathy against Germans or expect them to go Viertes Reich on us
: nuclear power - there was a willingness to join in with your Nuclear power plant, but since your people voted no, it got dropped.
English is really easy to learn, so it's good it became a universal language, but my god, are some things you can say in one word in lithuanian, super long in english
I traveled through Lithuania and Latvia and pretty much no one outside the hostel spoke English or German, but they all spoke fluent Russian.
My female friends have had the same experience, and I've never known anyone personally who got robbed
Russian invasion not only took the freedom, but took away our right to thoughts, language, culture, faith
Ant kalno mūrai,
Lithuania placed last in its first year of competing in Eurovision
That's the worst part of it, Russia is already at a point of no return
What about you
Repulsive rather, somebody who's this incapable of taking care of themselves probably smells too.
What a legend
The name is derived from the lake Punia in this town and Punia is derived from Pūna, which means "(that thing) is rotting".
my point is, one is a place the other the official title of a government
I've searched for lithuanian beer synonims and these ar all that came up: Putokšlis, Miežienis, Gira, Birbalas, Birzgalas, Bizalas, Bizalakas, Pirmalakas, Pirmokas, Pirmašakis, Antralakas, Antrokas, Antrašakis
The problem is commy block are biult like shit.
Uhh, no offense Lithuania, but with that risk of a Personal Union under Poland, you are no valuable ally.
Everything is looking good if you believe what politics say.
- Put in prison
Not many left in Lithuania parliament
Thank you for clearing that up
Ah typical comment just repeating the echo-chamber.
Though we sometimes bottle tap water as well
That's assuming that ruskies don't deport you to Southern Siberia first, where you die from forced labor, assuming a Siberian bear doesn't eat you first.
Latvian/Lithuanian TFR was indeed dreadful until literally last 2-3 years, I follow demography closely and I am not sure of the reasons behind it myself, other than the re-assertion of the natural desire of family formation taking place after 20 years of bad economic situation and emigration.
FDP can lick my left nut
All police officers carry their Glock pistols, but I have seemed them with assault rifles only in December 2014, when all the euro banknotes were brought to the Bank of Lithuania before the euro changeover
I haven't met anyone who knows the spanish anthem
The Czech Republic, Slovenia, Slovakia, Lithuania, Estonia, Poland and Hungary all have higher GDP (PPP) per capita than Greece, and the Czech Republic, Slovenia, Slovakia, Lithuania and Estonia all have it higher than Portugal.
Some of it is most likely Russian minority here, but Lithuania does seem suspiciously high even then as they don't have too many Russians.
Majority of people living there are belarusians, polish and rusians
If you need a car quick, you can always take a city bee, its easier to rent than conventional car rents
lt]
Because 2 of them were appointed a Democrat president and one was appointed by a Republican president.
ALL Post-Soviet kids who aren't from Russia itself experienced this
&#x200B;
ethnicity exist whether you like it or not.
Which is connected to high alcohol consumption and people in social risk families
How good is wikipedia in your native language
(BB sounds like dick in Lithuanian)
Untill we see Russian military actually acting in Belarus, those pledges are empty
It's just that I saw a lot of people out right saying that the Croatian language is super different from Serbian, which is simply not the case.
Can we only translate it to "He"? (since women don't have rights)
They had to use spices in the South
I've been to Ukraine a few years ago and I'm thinking about going to Belarus (to Minsk) some time soon, because it's really close.
Oh god damn it
In our language it's gatvė, which is a cognate with the german Gasse and the north germanic gata/gate/gada all coming from proto germanic gatwǭ
Finally we are 1st at something
Where the heck is this
Lithuania of all countries, I would have never of guessed
Through Russian, this name made its way into Lithuanian, too
Same is with MS office programs, its intuative untill its not
я не понимаю русский (ja nipanimaju paruski)
Soviet/nazi symbols are banned from public, CCCP tshirt would get you in trouble in the same way "holocoust is fake" would get you in trouble in Israel
Well, that's an unexpected plot twist
Lithuanian citizens can vote in presidential, parliamentary, EP, elections and referenda no matter where they live
He might have done some horrible things, but you have to admit that he was an excellent administrator and a diplomat.
They all then should be Baltic states too.
We don't sing it for obvious reasons and I doubt many even remember it, but [this masterpiece exists
Yeah, would be fun to see in 5 years how much is going to be true.
Far from perfect, but enough for basic communication.
Dont take my comment as snarky
Why did you take the lowest number?
Then we learn about the mass deportations, violence and looting done to us by the soviets in 1940, and then we learn about operation barbarossa
How do you know which one is yours
Why the hell did you add random picture of cookies
Of course it's an educated guess, but I plant trees for a living.
I don't know if Lithuania has many stereotypes, because we are not known by anyone outside of eastern europe
Well if 2 out of 10 people in Poland would be armed in some way and just 1 out of 8 those people would be that kind of person that is able to shoot someone up close, you would still have something close to a million dead enemy soldiers.
That's interesting, so who were the Polish kings?
Cant even flex on Dutch right now
Mama mia
Wouldn't it make sense to put it on Calais and not the much wider side of 4he channel
If the total price of purchase is about at least 100 eur, delivery will likely be free
Well, had Soviet Union not fallen, [the same guy might still have been in charge of all of these since 1985]
Exceptions are the obligatory one or two "surprisingly nice" Eastern European cities.
Latvian words end with -s, Lithuanian adds a vowel before the -s.
Meh, Android also has overpriced manufacturers like Samsung, and at least Apple has better software
I'm just gonna go ahead and tell y'all that OP's account is 16 days old and ALL of their comments are pro-Russian and pro-Soviet, and against sovereign Eastern Europe, especially the Baltics (Yes, OP, I take personal offense in you calling Lithuanians a shitty nation).
Euro is back to pre-Italian referendum level
Copenhagen is such a small town
Eastern europe doesn't get much tourism compared to the western countries
Hopefully you guys won't end up like Ukraine
As far as I understand the situation, Moldova was the main source of money laundering and to other country banks it looked like a normal operation
If Sweden invade Poland again then
You have to live for some years in the country
Has no one told him that Qaddafi is dead?
cool map tough i really like the cities at the top, were these the biggest cities at this time?
Our capital or at least parts of it should have Russian language zoning though.
And later he helped to christianize Lithuania
Vincas Kudirka (author of the Lithuanian anthem)
It's just "Romos Imperia", not even holy
Like 30% of EU members allow concealed carry that many of US states forbid.
Cooperation can also be in your countries interest
But Latvia
Russia: Soviet union is back, tovarisch
What would you do with Transnistria and Gagauzia
He/she is here for only six months for going to northern countries seems quite far.
[Here you go one photo of winter I took from the last year.
Grand Dutchy formed while still being pagan and expanded to its largest extend while still being mostly pagan (+Rus orthodox in conquered lands and a bit muslim)
People used to joke about it when it just came to Lithuania, but it is all over now I think
And yes I would take them (not all ofcourse) from Latvia, because honestly I really think that Russian minority (and Kremlins ability to influence them) is a reason why Latvia is doing a bit more poorly compared to Estonia or Lithuania
Finally
The main fear seemed to be inflation before joining and that proved to be completely baseless...
No, since I'm fluent in English
If we talk about modern lithuanians then yes, the western part only + the city of Karaliaučius (ger.
Our enemy from ancient times
Well we're smaller, so there's that.
DO things like January events in Lithuania count as terrorist attack?
On the other hand, I tried to look into french, but I just can’t wrap my head around it
The only people willing to deal with Russia and Belarus are usually pro-Russian themselves.
I still can't forget ~10 years ago when some club went to play in Lithuania and these polish hooligans came with swords, machetes and other insane stuff
What qualifications are necessary to find a job
I don't like that grouping either, but you are still not correct.
I would understand if this town was on the European side of russia, but its in Siberia
No, they aren't.
[Relevant scene from the Sopranos]
My friend and I were going to this bar to film as extras, she was a little bit ahead of me, and entered the building first
well we never needed it
Please tell me you don't actually do that, it seems so unsanitary
I'd like to note that obesity in Lithuania is very age-specific
Damn and I thought our minimum is ridiculously low.
Year 2000 sounds so wrong when you knows there is a lot more of it
Also Bronė, Petronė, Vanda
Silly North-German, Finland = North-East-East Germany...
Communism itself was one of the worst ideologies that brought only pain and suffering to this world.
Just like some time someone decided to use a certain word or a combination of words as a name for the first time
Then Baltics will flock for promised land.
You could view some older photos [Kaunas 1] and [Kaunas 2] not sure which year both belong to
But as far as I know, Lithuanians didn't have s much strength because Lithuania covered Lithuania proper but also Belarus and a large part of Ukraine, while the Polish were the largest group and their language ended up becoming the official of the administration.
Poland is really big and boring to drive through when you want to get anywhere by bus
And the EU part, from my understanding Belarusian people don't currently have a wish for it, that's why we don't see Russian tanks running around Minsk already
That's cool
no shit
35kg margin is huge and can visibly change appearance
I wonder if there was ever a hostage situation in Lithuania?
I was in Riga last September and everyone spoke very good English.
Stopping this is just like stopping any other crime.
What country is on the other side
Honestly, that age was for the most part a shit-show
Probably around 1410, when the battle of Žalgiris (Tanenberg) happened, I think it would be so interesting to see how the people lived, perhaps how they reacted to this victory
Is he a king now or he "was" a king in the past?
That's what countries do, they simply don't have the letter in the alphabet, it would be equivalent of having a Chinese symbol in mid of a name.
I lived in the Netherlands for a year and it was probably the difference in humidity or some kind of other similar factors, but the same temperatures over +20 seemed hotter in NL, and ones at around 0 seemed colder
One, don't really care about them, I'm more of a nature guy
I agree with you, well maybe not so much with financial help for developing countries.
You are kind of expected to say at least one of those in a sentence when you are complaining about something to a good friend
Yep, tough that division was just territory related.
And what do political parties get is money and press that they need to win elections.
I like that Georgia is there too
Nice
He was the military head in Lithuania
Theoretically: maybe Žemaitija (Samogitia), their culture and language are a tad bit different than that of the rest of Lithuania
It was so during the Livonian Order, the Swedish and the Russian era.
I myself didn't like Lidl at start because I could not find the groceries I am used to buying
Iš kur tu esi
The red oaks in the front could be as young as 10 years.
And no, "some other countries do it too" is not an excuse
There is plenty of businesses starting up here, heck we are one of the world leaders in laser technology.
Half the population hates it, other half enjoys listening to their angry ramblings, "Hurr durr, pensions are small yet they spend money on this rusty pipe".
Some of us are kinda insulted by you guys calling Piłsudski a national hero, becouse to us he was an enemy
Well after Russian aggression in E.
But fidesz should help you out
That seems fairly similar to how many Lithuanians feel and why they voted peasants.
- And what's happening to her (?)
( sorry, i couldn't say it in english)
How good is wikipedia in your native language
R&B - Donatas Montvydas - most of his songs
I don't think it is to be honest lol
Religion is not a race, it's a system of beliefs.
Trains
They do exist, but they are pretty rare though
I heard of one instance when a drunk person (mildly drunk) shot a robber
The building used to be a horse riding school with a huge indoor riding arena, so nobody really suspected various cars and trucks coming and going
This is the sort of her shit that he made us to watch:
I look at languages as different codes and, well, it’s downright confusing to operate in 2 different codes at the same time so one of them has to take a back seat
First thought is 15: Norway, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, UK, Belgium, Netherlands, Germany, Austria, Italy, Spain, France, Andorra.
It was
Every gun is etched, inspected and approved by lithuanian gun foundry, a gun is registered, tied to the owner
Will US pull back troops stationed in EU to improve relations with Russia?
Would it really be that expensive to hire a couple extra models?
Hungary
They call other cities villages :(
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
They probably don't care about them as they are busy pandering to their voters.
Add Labor party to Lithuanian list.
Jokes aside it is beautiful photo
Weather is wet here, waiting for ground to thaw out so I won’t have to step outside this swamp anymore
Ah, so they're not really mandatory if your family isn't from the believer side
AS far as we are above Estonia I am happy.
And the name has to adhere to Lithuanian grammar rules (so X AE AII wouldn't be allowed under any circumstances)
[Proof]
Yeah, we took that random ž thing for Paris to Lithuanian, too
Fun fact, we have started calling people wearing their masks wrong like this „bybianosiai“, which roughly translates to 'dicknose'. This is where this campaign seems to stem from [\(link to lithuanian satire wiki\)]
I had  a train ride only once in my life :/
Džon meid chis vei tu e tavern tru a dark forest, onli tu faind aut dat chi forgot de moni
It makes sense that words for thematically related things have the same source.
The language has a very different flow.
If you think a divided Europe will be richer or stronger, you are very wrong.
Not saying immigrants make it worse
Oh wow what a great guy
Latvian also doesn't have palatalised consonants, unlike Lithuanian.
Now we can see why the UK is deciding to leave.
Comparing EU to USSR and their Commie bloc is like comparing flowers and flamethrowers.
Lots of people would be nostalgic, and young people are definately thought to hate it.
Our government has a very positive and cooperative view towards Israel.
I know a couple English comedians and none French
Lithuania often ranks among the top countries by suicide rates
It's fascinating how both relatedness between Polish and Lithuanian and loanwords from Polish allowed me to recognise all three texts and fill in most of the gaps.
That's rude :(
Heh, this thread just keeps on going.
To be fair, her aproach to unions is more like labour than torrie.
In a way, the ones who didn't have children the last 5-6 years may now be having them as the country finds itself in a period of relative prosperity.
Why is he calling himself a grand prince of Lithuania.
Don't shake hands or hug under a doorframe because that will make you hate each other or something lime that.
(kursas) Management information systems (Visiukai) year 3 here
The difference between a fully automatic rifle(AKA battle rifle) and an assault rifle are mainly in the caliber(assault rifles use a smaller caliber) and thus their roles in combat
He considered himself Polish-Lithuanian.
Edit: Lithuanian here
Last time I checked movements to ban/prevent legalisation of abortion are not just something happening in Lithuania.
There are plenty of wet places around rivers and lakes without even going to the river and the lake.
The Lithuanian-Polish Commonwealth
Most of us cannot grasp how can a country so inherently evil, being led by a band of 90s bandits can be thought of as neutral or good by western europeans
Japan on the other hand has a similiar climate
But I don't expect them to be totally OK with it
Or you lie like Greece and then fuck over an entire generation.
I guess the difference is the region.
Writing in water
But vilnius county in general has minorities who feel like somebody owes them something so they feel angry at their government, love putin while he poses a real threat to destroy their lives
You shouldn't get angry for that.
If an assailant encounters a weapon carried by a person that belongs to any of disadvantaged groups they will be more likely to use it against that person, because, let's admit it, most people lack proper training.
However, at one point there was a young Germany grown guy and he actually said out loud that though unfortunately Germany didn’t succeed taking Europe by force, it’s pretty much owning it through money now, so the goal was achieved
Of course I'd say Southern cuisine is more interesting
I've only ever met one foreigner who came here and learned Lithuanian.
Our last high profile diplomatic meeting was back in 2011, when our previous President Dalia Grybauskaitė met Prime Minister Vladimir Putin
I use qwerty but Lithuanian is with ąčęėįšųūž on the top
And you hope that you don't find them in the middle of the binge
Does your never includes witness protection, child pornography, movies censorship by age, censoring third parties to recieve your personal information, etc.
Going out for food and seeing the empty streets was even worse
(And Vilnius is pretty nice city, so also no)
Greitoji pagalba (ambulance) - the quick help
RTÉ ran a late night political satire show on a trial run before christmas.
Probably you should mention that you can achieve this speed only connected via wire
The apples are covered in honey or sugar and cooked for 6-8 hours
How are they going to enforce this
Not everyone who lived there was a Cossack.
Ok, we need to climb the ranking
P.S
Imagine two different people kill somebody with a car in the exact same manner
Can't have Euro and Uk already said they won't let you use the pound if you leave, you also don't have your own military and many other goverment institutions, do you even have your own health service?
The movie "Kick ass" was translated to "Ateik čia arba gausi į dūdą" which basically means "come here or you will get beat up"
nah mate, it's just that we love the West.
Pskov or Veliky Novgorod
I mean no disrespect
As I say, people love the Keynesian model when it's a crisis and the non-Keynesian model when it's a boom.
And do you understand that it such Turkish behaviour might push other member governments into bad situations making their voters question if its worth being in NATO themselves if we have to work with and trust unpredictable country.
There is regular police and MP
EDIT: also there's this story that I keep telling everyone about how my friends decided to have a White Russian party but everyone got sick of mixing the damn things so me and my Polish friend just drank a liter of vodka with milk
As a student, I get a 50% discount, as well as another 5% discount for the discount card (bought for \~50 ct, valid indefinitely) .
(I’m sure other ex-soviet bloc countries can relate)
Romania is fighting corruption hard at the moment.
If you reach fare threshold, a continuous pass activates
If the President's political party also controls parliament, they effectively can choose whoever they want to lead the government though, pretty much giving them all the power; this is the current case in France and Russia
Let me have some reservations for that indicator, considering it claims Lithuanian households consume more than Portuguese, Slovenes or Czechs, despite having 600€ average net wage (or 250€ average pension).
These leaflets are just pointless waste of money and energy.
That somehow reminded me of [this]
Can't beat some good virtinukai with porcini mushroom and onion filling
I know the reason for this, I only wanted to share a fun fact :(
I like to judge politicians by their actions, but not by their rhetoric.
The school teaches quite a lot about this period, and they really shut on Russians in them
Like 5% of icelands population are poles
I understand and agree with that attitude
* Some companies, like Kautra, allow buying suburban tickets in the same manner like intercity buses on [www
I think it still count, because the movie is about the country and was filmed in the country, even though the actors are not from Lithuania
Found three football fields, which is a bit crazy considering how expensive land is in Venice.
Poor poor Estonia ;( What can they do to change the ignorant Nordics
Most young ethnic Russians / Poles speak without an accent.
But I do love the fact that we are ruled by peasants
I dont support Greens stance against Nuclear
Yes
Other, more recent surnames are borrowed or merged up from other languages, mainly polish:
I never realised those weren't common everywhere
Probably, becouse of the post-soviet state of pretty much all the european countries that are still or were bordering russia
You can find out what the foreigners think about Lithuania by googling "stereotypes about Lithuania".
If the south west disagrees with north east about EU army then we vote and decide, like any functional goverment would do.
Fat thursday is one of few things that I miss from living in Poland
I'm an atheist, but the teacher is pretty chill, so I kinda like it
Billy-goat in Lithuanian and ram in Russian
>Lithuania, My fatherland
English
I have never been stopped on these borders
Why not, Vienna's public transport is great
Looks pretty tasty
I just meant what above me comment said; that they're Kremlin party.
You start seeing them as more than just another human being, you start getting attracted to them, or they may start getting attracted to you, and even if both sides aren't interested in each other that way, there will always be annoying pricks that start spreading gossip that you're dating this girl if you hang out with her
My high school Lithuanian language teacher really enjoyed talking about medical things that she had no clue about
Founded russia
Your nation could have slipped ones or twice
The first one is quite know here, After all it show a moment when you stole part of our lands :)
Just go to Spain, no one will mind.
However, I don't agree with your piracy analogy.
You as Amerika clearly not into understandings.
On the idea level I'm against conscription in general but I'm a bit brainwashed by the military propaganda so if there was war and I were drafted, I wouldn't say anything negative.
So there's that
They are freed, when given an article of clothing
Ah, well I’m not sure we have one
Eclectic cultural exchanges are what make cultures great.
In Lithuania population had been decreasing for close to 3 decades
I've seen another pole elsewhere saying that it is allowed only during first trimester, which means a doctor needs to rule that there is a threat to the life of a mother in 12 weeks after conception, which means it is basically banned as well as it is unlikely to happen even if you try, because there is not enough time
Exactly why I said everyone else involved with the flight path fool
So obviously countries with expensive beer will have larger tax.
Backlash based on emotions is irrelevant and invalid anyways
Oh hey, NaPoVoInterCom
My summary of the movement would probably be "WE ARE DIFFERENT AND IMPORTANT!" But that works for most nationalist/national movements.
[This one] ain't a Balkan dude but I truly believe that it just rubbed off on him.
But if you ask Lithuanian on the street about what is happening in US, most people would only know the big things that happened and, only in the basic way
This state had [some small colonies]#Colonization) in Africa (Gambia) and the Americas (Tobago).
Estonia
8th in the world according to FIBA, 107th according to FIFA
What I mean is the things he says are calculated for some end result that he wants.
is an American video game publisher based in New York City
have a great day
Lithuanians had quite developed trade connections with a lot of people around europe
Sometimes I get lost under the many layers of EU-ness.
It's different near highways, there are quite a few ugly billboards that random small companies advertise on
Also no shielding because no plastic.
Yeah, the cost of living is one of the main reasons why I decided to stay this year and save up
Senas senos senės senis senės.
(My husband's Irish and he just can't live without it)
Pretty sure everyone has birds.
According to internet searches it is Egyptian language, a northern Afro-Asiatic language
The "scene" is old guys in leather and long beards who do fun parades.
Based on [historical regions]
It's known to be the first animal in the world being protected, dating back to XIV centry and Polish-Lithuanian king Władysław II Jagiełło who set up a special "forest-police" to fight poachers.
Tarmiskas zodis, gali buti tiesiog nevartojamas tavo kraste
Nothing really
Lithuania did have land to the black sea, a while before uniting with Poland, so she's right about that part at least.
Eastern europe doesn't get much tourism compared to the western countries
Hopefully we can thank the Belarussians for not building a shitty nuclear power plant that makes half of Lithuania uninhabitable in the case of a nuclear explosion
Goddamn it looks like Prometheus was secretly a Lithuanian because you're bringing the fire boi...
Sometimes called "the little Lithuania" too.
If your nation had any self confidence, you would mature to demand reform to fair government and live as good, if not better, than germany
The bottom picture is wrong
But sanctions on Russia are in EU interests.
True
Those who want to leave Belarus to live in Europe already do that in droves, just last year over 80k got permanent residence permit in EU alone.
Also from what I see my fellow age group friends do, they do like to travel so if they save its not long term
Yet you can find 30k choirs in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania ;)
It was supposed to be temporary installation at first, but never got taken down for many reasons, no one knows anymore
But you can only really mistake [Estonian accent] with Finnish accent, it sounds nothing like anything in Eastern Europe (maybe Hungarians have a similar accent?).
Meanwhile, Lithuanian diplomatic service around the world continues to work till today without interruptions of Soviet (1 year), Nazi (3 years) and another Soviet (45 years) occupations
I really don't know if it's popular here anymore, because I rarely see basketball courts, and people that actually play basketball on these courts are even more rare
New Orleans
How old is the nation of Lithuanians?
It's mostly used for countries and other geographic regions
The LSDP is still the larger party (17,000 members compared to 3,000 members for the LSDDP), but the party split hurt the LSDP's membership in parliament I believe; they will probably pick up more seats in the upcoming election though
Sorry
No, nazism is not cool,
Estonians do share some cultural similarities with Latvians, but it's mostly with Finns as we are a Finnic people.
You say they have no room to retreat.
At least I personally think Estonians do some things better than us, but they're not Finnougric Ubermensch.
I also always wear leather winter shoes with fur on the inside or mountain shoes
I guess I was just used to our cold Lithuanians
Vilnius is actually older than that because in the same letter he mentions a Christian church which was built a few years earlier.
We don't look at him negatively, but Vytautas is far more popular here
I remember visiting Canary islands a few years back
This could be used to show public that we need that military spending.
Sometimes I forget that rugby exists, that's how unpopular it is in Lithuania
Their presence has definitely increased.
His divisions is by far often considered to be mostly based upon stereotypes and shit pulled from his ass.
Maybe it has to do with traditional dishes
You do realize Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was bread basket of Europe?
OK, whatever, let the UK burn if that's what they want
Formally(or even presently, idk) known as forsai
Basketball anthem - 3 milijonai by Marijonas Mikutavicius
If we were to get a controlled system that managed the drug ring in schools it would be amazing
Maggi is huge in Europe
It's pretty depressing though, especially when people go to work while it is still dark and return home when it's dark already (it is already pitch black by 5pm)
Plus waiters in Bavarian-themed pubs
another plus is avoiding human contact you're bound to come across in markets ;).
Let alone that we have no idea how to store used nuclear material.
While not fully woken up, I said that I will never sleep on top of it again, and I went there back again
I live in klaipeda and there is only 1 McDonalds while theres like 7 hesburgers
To note his wonderful contribution to society I will tattoo his name
Since that's a lot of political implications and I'm wholeheartedly unqualified to make a judgement
Fried bread with cheese
Lithuanians are bad too...**and many other nations except of Russians**)
I still really hope they will leave
Well you are posting on reddit, which is basically a leftist sanctuary
Kaunas, Lithuania (ליטא ,קובנה) too.
Not part of Russia anymore
All I am saying that its not that easy for them to get in EU if they leave UK and they should not bet on just EU before leaving UK
Not that Eurovision kinda stuff with happiness and peace.
So is the whole of Denmark
Hip hop/rap: G&G sindikatas - Muzika kuri saugo; Broliai šaunuoliai, Lilas & Inomine - Karina; Tu privalai skambėt; Viskas
The only country that drinks more than us is Belarus (14
The latter is the same with Latvians, but we share almost nothing culturally with Lithuanians.
As I said, more like it's clear as day he did it because he's butthurt about Lithuania's lack of relevance.
Ck 2 Lithuania tribal is op
The Baltics are a special case as the EU forced them to close their old rotting Soviet nuclear plant.
Sweden is definitely not overpowered.
Its not about hating police
Haha read my first and last sentences.
You need not look further than Moldavia on how much worse of Romania could have been.
Not really, I don't think so
After personal union between Poland and Lithuania, most of the kings in Poland and PLC weren't even ethnically Polish, doesn't mean they're not part of both Polish and our history.
I'd imagine when it comes to immigrants from eastern states that's gonna be quite a common haircut because that's the type that most often emigrates.
Yikes
(※) Edit - meant fridges
Current plans are 2.5% by 2020 (afaik) and universal military service meaning that everyone after school will serve for a year.
[Literally as likely as being struck dead by lightning]
So they could make sacrifices for party well being
Oh no, so anyways
I mean, they do eat potatoes
I've seen people describing Lithuanian as Portuguese-Czech mix, Polish-Latin/Romance mix, Portuguese-Russian and as "drunk Latgalian" by Latvians.
The LGF (Lietuvos Ginklų Fondas - Lithuanian Weaponry Fund) was closed/reorganized in 2020
and their exclusive games
Downside is that quality of healthcare is not even between regions
Basketball: I feel this one is obvious
Show me the link where it says Lithuania has 2.7 mil people :) Thanks.
And good luck finding anything of sorts in Prague
+Vikings were originally from denmark, not norway as many people think
It's like with Scotland today, they speak in majority English but still call themselves Scottish.
There are similar effects in English, where East Asian lack of grammar is leaking into mainstream English: "Long time no see", "No can do".
Guess why they would do such thing?
Or how children delivered through C-section do not have a strong personality and are not as successful later in life
Poland is china of europe
Geographically we are considered to be in Northern Europe so it does not make to much sense to call us Eastern in geographical context too
Why is everyone so handsy all of a sudden?
Well I think it is a well known fact that you can contract the gay via a close proximity to a rainbow -_-
Feeling proud
I hate šaltibarščiai
However, it would be hard to deal:
Idk, my guess is that they dont really care.
"Eik pasikark": go hang yourself.
At the end, our former president, Dalia Grybauskaitė talking with Obama, a better example of our accent, or mine at least, but very monotonous and for that reason alone I do my best to make highs and lows in a sentence just to sound like a human instead of robot
Yep, but many people from "eastern" europe died in Afghanistan and Iraq...
I am sorry, you can use any argument for uncle Sam, but I don't want him spying on me if I live in another country and never went to US
Lithuania :((((((
I doubt whether anyone in Belarus cares about Dieveniškės ( that's appendix's official name)
This is just a part of the baggage that came with Putin's rule or he is partly to blame for not having dealt with some issues in a manner that helps the local Sasha and not his buddies that keep the crony capitalism going.
A place like any other
It doesn't mean anything when literally anyone you don't agree with can called it.
He's from The Guardian, the only research he needs is that it reinforces socialist views and bashes right wing views.
There are certain groups of people for whom it is legitimately worse now, than it was in the union
Nope, Moldova is the name of the region of Romania and the separate country, Moldavia is the Latinized name of said region and the former official name of said country
Those words were once and still are associated with wealth.
To be fair, I would not expect that much imigrants from EU to Australia.
Engineer
Chisinau, Moldova
It feels like we're mix of everything...
Some schools ask professionals from outside (public health specialists, doctors, etc) to give speech about periods and hygiene for teenagers (usually there are two groups split in between girls and boys)
How to fix Lithuanian-Russian relations?
Go to post soviet Europe and you will see abandoned villages and towns full of retired old people
LATVIAN
Are both sets of countries easy to travel within?
And later, after his death, there were discovered 800
And a highly inaccurate one at that.
Yeap, Lithuanian Nerijus Numavičius' net worth is €1.2 bln (2016 data) [[1]]
"Vasara" in lithuanian means "summer" :D
There are 7 billion human monkeys on Earth.
Also Lithuanian, Latvian and Estonian, although in lithuanian you normally say ačiū, which means thanks, but saying ačiū tau(thank you), is not a mistake
Aaand I'm too young to remember any other elections
That was some intense stuff for 12 year-old me
Its as if your name isnt Yanis, you cant get a license
Calm like Belgian (a person from Belgium, I don't really know how you call yourself as the only Belgians I ever talked referred to themselves as Dutch
You need to be illiterate for not to know the spelling
Faced with an ultimatum from both Poland and Germany, Czechoslovakia gave up the area, which was annexed by Poland on October 2, 1938
I wouldn't do that in the first place because I'm not trying to kill myself.
We don't even know how we should pronounce that in English..
You'll hear how the fleeing Jews were going to scam everyone, how they supposedly used Christian blood for cooking macas escetra.
Could another Lithuanian please show me if we have one
McDonald's or Hesburger (a similar burger chain with more mayo) would be another popular choice, since not that many other places are open at night
They lived on this land for generations
If some broken peaces land next to letters, congratulations - you have a new letter!
Although I probably am lacktose intolerant(i get some bloating after i drink milk) I don't give a fuck and still drink like 2-3 liters a week
Intercity buses:
We quite specifically talked about Baltics.
Yes, albeit we call him Perkūnas.
>Majority of people living there are belarusians, polish and rusians
Nope, Lithuania now is north europe.
Well, since atleast I've been going to school
Their political background is also pretty pour.
The union was created due to Russia getting bigger and more dangerous.
Don't take it harsh but the sad reality is that other than maybe UK or Ireland you don't have were to go.
Why did the author focus on Lithuania?
No pressure, only words now and then
Was she able to function day-to-day in society without speaking much Finnish, or did she have to just use a lot of English
Seems like a true professional.
"Suo valge kate" = "Dog ate cat"
Some friends call themselves atheists, those are usually interested in religious matters and know stuff about various religions.
I don't know, this one kinda looks more festive than the elf house tree we had.
He's just like his ancestors
I think last year a teenager got a few years in prison because the police found 0
I prefer Lietuva over Lithuania
I'm not making a moral judgement of his statements.
Legend says he earns more than a doctor in Lithuania.
The whole coast of Neringa municipality
i really enjoy languages like Japanese and Korean
c) Reading old books
Lithuanian is of course thought because
You look like a teenager living in a bubble.
All those "right" voidvoiships are now Ukraine/Belarus/Lithuania.
The only odd thing here is that Romania has 4.61mil employed persons.
Obviously they're nowhere near as popular as in the US, though
Islsmists were triggered by some old cartoons
I still have and use Yahoo account from early days
Hi, my name is John
I mean West Europe is pulling all the weight (migrants, terrorism, internal populism, helping Eastern economies) and criticism and some politicians in the East whine about "their sovereignty".
So now to mix things up we can do AMA about culture (music) and its not from a country that we constantly hear when talking about music (unless you are Finnish)
* Beijing – Pekinas
and
I feel like only reason Slovakia and Lithuania have better prognosis is because they are in Eurozone.
But I've been seeing people coming here more and more, so I bet there will be some sort of a scam developed soon
Not only doesn't it matter to consumers, it will be regulated anyway.
Yes
Lithuania
^^^^Sorry ^^^^Malta ^^^^but ^^^^you ^^^^are ^^^^basically ^^^^one ^^^^tile ^^^^island ^^^^in ^^^^Civ ^^^^terms.
And its been like that for at least 15 years now
Somewhere, some time, someone uses a word for the first time, inventing a new word
Yeah, the shit I've seen in Germany...
Knowing how sometimes it is hard to find a parking space it is angering, but knowing how food it is for the world makes it amazing
Body language says it all
It was in May and I enjoyed it thoroughly.
People who live in Šalčininkai are not foreigners
Heh it seems that we too beat Estonia on internet speed.
Pretty much every building here has those, unless it's very old and unrenovated
Bruh, never in history has lithuania had any other name for beer
Does your country also use other things when playing this game
>fully automatic rifle
26 Years Ago Today, The Soviet Union Attempted A Coup In Lithuania
Can't tell if this is a far right or far left troll
We're taught English from elementary school and in middle school we choose a 3rd language (either French, Russian or German)
More like "fluff". It's a noun, not an adjective
Why not just move yourself instead of making these leaflets.
Literal though police will happen
Suburban buses:
Our 2012-2016 Prime Minister Butkevičius speaking English that bad that he even replaced English words for similar sounding Lithuanian with idiotic meanings
In recent years, the Swedish authorities have arrested Polish, Lithuanian and other Eastern European nationals, allegedly because they were seen photographing Swedish military installations.
And a little bit of direct translation, vacuumed should be changed to done to make more stylistic sense I believe
Every political ideology started here (except for monarchy)
Poland, Estonia and from 2017 Lithuania (and iirc Romania?
You don't even need that much economic theory or political theory or whatnot
lt]
Lithuania-Russia relations are nonexistant anyway
He could say "kilometres" but then americans would complain :)
Which is why it will never work.
We only border Kaliningrad
[Lukas & Virgilijus Noreika - Laikas] (Time)
To be honest, that's what I would answer too.
The first two breaks are 10 minutes each, third and fourth are twenty and thirty minutes each
Latvian has macrons for every vowel besides "o".
What classes did you attend
Yet in [reality] the baltic region is the least genetically related region to romans in Europe
*The Lithuanian press ban (Lithuanian: spaudos draudimas) was a ban on all Lithuanian language publications printed in the Latin alphabet in force from 1865 to 1904 within the Russian Empire, which controlled Lithuania at the time
I have many, mostly friendly people sharing their food; a lady on a bus in Lithuania offering me sandwiches, a guy in Croatia giving my friend and I food from his home when we didn't realise everything would be shut at Christmas and there would be nowhere to buy food.
put me in a cryogenic chamber until the heat goes away: 31+
Yes
The decomissioning was one of the requirements to join the EU in 2004
Oh man, I still have a comic book of them, I'll try to find it today
Just google wild camping country name and try to find some info.
Bullshit, most of UK live in apartments
This would help bringing younger people in the politics though.
* Political chaos since then
To be fair Lithuania was doing very well when Ignalina was still working and in Latvia Daugava really is a pretty big river.
Tabletop gaming, DnD, Warhammer and other geek shit
Especially the unexpected lightning
Could another Lithuanian please show me if we have one
You are talking like we, the Baltic countries, are "the border", not sovereign countries
It's okey, we appreciate the effort.
I mean apart the whole war thing with the genocide, didn't they literally ban Greeks from having specific jobs, owning property in some areas, etc?
My comment was just descriptive, I wasn't suggesting anything.
Lithuanian and Latvian bands singing Lithuanian song.
How many people did identify themselves as *British* 100 years ago?
Hahaha, that's true
Anything that gives you diabetes, fatty liver or hearth disease
Then someone else conquered and built some new norms.
It think it's similar to the little mermaid but without voices and all
And thats the only way EU can work as otherwise big countries would dominate even more
Many candidates can run in the first round (in 2019 elections there were 9) and if no one gets more than 50% of the votes, the top 2 candidates go into a second round of voting
During Soviet occupation it was a form of resistance to them with its peak in 1987 Žalgiris vs CSKA.
Polish people say Wilno nasze (Vilnius is ours) because at some points in history they occupied it
Nah we negotiate as EU, not as countries, we one now
At least people are trying to change things in their country, ye most people know that it might be useless, but they are still trying
People have their own opinions
I'm at a festival in Denmark rn and all of these bikes aren't locked up
Got mentioned in a comment section of one submission in r/Europe and got me wondering.
A lot of residents in Vilnius [Lithuania] have found these leaflets in their mail boxes about "why russia is better than Lithuania and why they should relocate to russia" [propaganda, soft-power]
We have last bell celebration
Thank you WE for your contribution.
You gotta wash them intestines under the running water before stuffing.Honestly I did not notice any weird smell when cooking it.Maybe my sense of smell is fucked up or its just in your head.
As I've said before, you can't live in two countries simultaneously
> From a cost perspective it is much cheaper to just rent a van whenever you need to transport something bulky yourself
* how this country should be called
Lithuania has a common border with Poland.
It's celebrated on the shortest night of summer
Hm, the shape of Lithuania on this map looks a bit like the short, obese and hump-backed version of Africa.
Sleeping in hotel with my classmates
Which is why fuel/plastics cost the same or less than it did before Euro fell.
If she is from Kaunas then her view might be skewed.
The Russian Civil War: Every Other Day
are you talking about European countries?
Lithuania was much more civilised than I expected.
Bottom right corner all the way, baby!
Should I be ashamed because my Jewish great grand-parents and their whole extended family literally vanished without a trace because of Germans?
Doesn't matter, you proved my point, even now you started to stalk me through my comment history to nit pick things on which you could argue on.
Taste slightly differs as in the saying "home is where water doesnt taste weird", but its mostly due to pipes i guess
awesome
They have taken over that neighborhood mostly illegally and turned it into a place no one else would even think of moving to
Now every time i see pink sky’s, it reminds me of him
For some reason the first one that came to mind is "Tri Poloski", mostly because it was extremely overplayed (especially in my middle school)
Trying to justify the unjustifiable.
In my time (many years ago), the cursive was only mandatory in elemantary school.
They already forming a friendship over common interest in the region
It has everything to do with atheism.
Also suicides have been romanized in our culture for ages
Maybe not talked enough as an issue, but I noticed that majority of new apparent buildings in Vilnius are built for rent rather than for long term family ownership
First fully automatic rifle was invented by the Italians
Telia, but it's optic fiber so I don't think it is available everywhere
Yep, I started using it less when my uni changed and it used outlook instead of Gmail, but nonetheless I catch myself saying / "atsiųsiu tau gmailą" / . Especially to friends
The only book I enjoyed reading from start to finish at school for Lithuanian classes
…transported by Lithuanian hauliers.
> One of their anchormen is an actual UK citizen ffs
I could say that I'm fluent in English, native in Lithuanian, almost fluent in Russian, have a basic understanding of German and Swedish, and learning Latin and Latvian right now.
[In the very start of *Pan Tadeusz*] he wrote
This is one of the first times I see a post by another Lithuanian I feel so inexplicably happy
Anecdotal evidence isn't evidence.
Honestly I'm kind of in that situation right now.
Also as for the reports we get here about Belarusian power plant it kinda seems a bit sketchy on safety standards, even to stories that the reactor was accidentally dropped from few meter hight.
what shared culture and Ideals
Yellow
Do I really need to start sharing emigration figures
Unless you mean textbooks which ain’t mega expensive here either
Never would have thought that it's similar to Lithuanian thank you - Dėkui
Priests were thought to give sermons in Polish, and they did.
Divka - CZ girl, PL whore
I dont think current NATO would dare to expand this close to Russia
Mechaninė Saulė by Juodvarnis if you're looking for metal, although I personally prefer Solo Ansamblis - Miestas ant Kalno, although they're more electro post-punkey light rock
The London argument is bullshit tbh
Lithuania tourism advert used fake photos.
We do as well ahah it looks so weird to me when people hate their capital
The Russian courts reversed two convictions in press ban cases in 1902 and 1903, and the setbacks of the Russo-Japanese War in early 1904 brought about a loosened Russian policy towards minorities
> silent fireworks
I dont know about its popularity in Lithuania,  but I have seen it and loved it
Form absolute 0 economical power to almost beating Portugal
Linguistics is not a precise science, so terms like "branch" can mean different things depending how you define what branch is.
Last time I saw lots of reddit posts that Lithuanians go to shopping in Poland
Quality of studies in our biggest universities is generally good (but the quality of a specific field varies depending on which one has the best professors).
tries to undermine and pressure Russia
Eastern Europe Studies Centre
All residents regardless of citizenship can vote in municipal elections and I support expanding their powers
I live in an apartment, built at the end of USSR.
Lithuanian was spoken in samogitia since...
have a great day
In Lithuania football isn't popular
Just loud booms outside
I'm pretty sure that there's a Scottish slang phrase for that
Doesn't "plaktas" just mean "whisked"?
Normally a guarantor is needed, if the person wants to stay out of jail until the trial
This old guy signed an act on the independence of Lithuania.
Depends in which grade I was
Planes for all the other cases
Therefor I don't think that Lithuania or any other small state will be able to change anything.
Except that you do get a lot of educated migrants, consumers and etc.
Eh, I still mostly use youtube when I'm at home but some artists can be really aggressive about taking down their music from yt, even if you click through to the "xyz - topic" videos rather than random uploads from other people
So the middle ground is there - your name can be whatever you want it to be but in the passport and the official documents it must be written in the 32 Lithuanian alphabet letters.
An extremely smart strategy if you ask me.
Putin's cash made sure it wouldn't be more possible than that.
Also, the Lithuanian language and culture survived thanks to the rural population
Care to elaborate about the Baltics?
Very average quality [Google Translate link]
Then your politicians are shit.
Traditional: [kūčiukai] soaked in milk of the poppy (it sounds like something from GRRM book, but it's [real]
He was a bit hostile to Lithuania and I assume that their "private" meetings did not end well.
What's the rule of measure for when we can finally speak out against someone ?
I was wondering if you could send few of those Celsius up north ?
I hope CDPR release another Witcher game soon, so that people realise what interesting stuff from east european cultures they're missing out on
This statement is so fucked up
*atsitraukia užtrauktuką*
Don't forget to apply for [European Health Insurance Card] before you do.
Lithuanians got a lot bigger since then, eh?
I cannot find this discussion right now, but AFAIK we were talking about minorities in prewar Lithuania
Various policies have been designed to prepare for political union.
I think it works well for the most part
I go to college with a Greek kid and a Bulgarian lass (neither of whom speak their language though, which is unfortunate).
Just that picture brings back memories
And words are pronounced differently than they are written
We don't have folders and textbooks are random colors (preferably blank colors, bought from MAXIMA)
The concept of having your own personal storage seemed so nice
exists
Actually there were more Belarusians there than either Poles or Lithuanians, but you don't see Belarus bitch about it.
If she is guilty then it does not matter and lifting the immunity is important for finding out if someone is guilty or not.
Motherfucking autocorrect :DDDD
r/photoshopbattles where u at
My city is large by my standards, but not by your standards (160k inhabitants)
Soviets saw no problem bombing Helsinki during Winter war
There are bigger groups of friends that form to go out and do something or enter some tournament, but there aren't any frathouses where we party all day every day.
But that is in a way a good thing.
Declining a states right to self determination is a dangerous precedent to set when dealing with Russia.
They don't want to be here, we don't particularly want them either.
Older cars are killers at the moment.
But it can get boring pretty quick (in my subjective opinion, that is).
We can only expect that cooperation to grow further
Inter-city traffic is precisely the easiest part of the problem in automated driving
Isn't that in entire world
[The council of Lithuania] who signed the Act of Reinstating Independence in 1918
Easy
We do actually have historical muslim population from middle ages
Politicians are living in an alternate universe, so it's practically the same.
• briedis ( in Russian a word "bred" means "nonsense") - moose
Vytis literally means "to chase" in Lithuanian.
Džiaugiuosi, kad radot namus Lietuvoje
3) removes the need to give Samogitia to the Teutonic Order; battle of Tannenberg never happens
Change everything just enough that the leavers would have something to see and you still stay somewhat in EU.
What I meant, is that iirc Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania were the first republics to declare independence from USSR and for the past years have done a lot to distance from that chapter of history.
Nobody cares who was pro or against, thing of the past, get over it.
Free farmers were exempt from it
Poland: Commonwealth is back, baby
I like the shortened version of the female russian name Tatjana (Tanya)
The reason why I raised this question is not human rights or internal Turkish things.
We hardly have any Russians here
We also put the accent on "pe". Idk if it's the correct way, but we do it
Yea
Being part of EU, NATO, Eurozone pretty much ensures our safety, doesn't mean we're not preparing for possible invasion, which we - Lithuanians do.
Communism is idealism, it just can't work, it has never worked.
Every square meter of any public facing building was covered
my sister
During the holiday, some kind of a straw woman is burned and kids pretend to be Gypsies and knock on doors asking for "pancakes, cocoa or money".
There's also some other towns that are nice, [Sventoji] & [Palanga] are probably the most popular seaside resort towns
Their upper parliament has a birth right (if thats the correct term) and are not elected.
Possibly the same name origin, my Godparents son's name is Ovidijus as well, purebred Lithuanian for the last generation or two at least
There's some exceptions for that where you just have to learn the spelling but not many (like 10-20 words that are commonly used)
A lot of lithuanians immigrated and they won't go back, so it seems pointless that they should retain their lithuanian citizenship
No need to single them out
I never enjoyed it
What Eastern Europeans of all ages have to say about the differences of communism vs capitalism
The whole sentence sounds like one word
And it's effects on the world are still seen today
9 - 15 summer jacket
Yeah but overall he still speaks quite slow.
Very nice with toast and cheese, makes me feel like I'm eating healthy.
Old folk usually live deep inside provinces, and healthcare there isnt what it should be
I think Finnish and Estonian are Finno and Hungarian is Ugric part of the Finno-Ugric language family
It's more of an anti-russian sentiment here, becouse after all, more harm in lithuania was caused by russians than germans
Lithuania is also 6th highest by "Righteous among Nations" awards, so while a few collaborated, many sheltered and risked their lives for Jews instead.
Pūkas literally translates to "fluffy". [Total Chad
Eating octopuses is not disgusting or scary to me
Not a nice name
France and the UK in the first half of the 20th century were totalitarian?
Was just about to comment about the whole situation when I saw that you're from Lithuania as well
and obviously delicious cuisine.
IT (any field)
my sense of humour changes depending on what language I'm speaking
I guess it's not really indentity, but rather mentality that binds a lot of europeans togheter
Should be a national law in Lithuania only the foreign minister can give interviews (or answer questions) in English
Correct me if I am wrong but German president is pretty much useless in politics?
" about the door part
a shop with a sign outside stating black people or gay people or, I dunno, Lithuanian people weren't allowed (unless, you know, someone's life depended on it or something).
я ем хлеб, он ест хлеб.
It makes sense
Also yeah, now is a good time to review Europe's dependance on US
Just like indirectness probably feels insincere to the Dutch
Do you have a link to the original source?
(it did change a lot in recent years)
I don't even think you can even count them as poles
what's matter most historical events show us that Wilno always wanted to be a part of Poland, and Lithuanians gained it only due to foreign interventions (German in 1918, Soviet in 1920 and 1939 and 1944)
Henry VIII - Enrikas Aštuntasis
Now we’re more focused on being Russophobic
Happy cake day, fellow Lithuanian
A culture of corruption should be hated imo.
The full total is set to be around 20 million, but those are only estimates
Worst thing they will do is get you a cool Facebook profile picture and a fine by the police (take it a payment for the photo)
I want my country to be the best and it can do that while in EU
Well it starts every year and then nothing changes.
Especially not in his lifetime.
I really appreciate the directness in a lot of cases, but sometimes it might feel a little rude to someone from a more indirect/reserved culture
I kind of assumed all of them were mixed
while my notion is a bit blurred about Hungary around this time should they really be depicted as an independent nation?
On January 13th, Lithuania will mark the 26th anniversary of the Day of the Defenders of Freedom.
and
I don't get these shortened names in Slavic languages
Often times it's easier to express something in English
Well, it's somewhat hilly, but the highest peak is around 900 m IIRC.
We had our big election last year and nobody bats an eye.
Source: Lithuania
mm dno about that, maybe it was a worry for economists, but people were most worried about price increases and that was proven to be very well founded fear, in Lithuania at least.
Pupu sharing this kiss after a hardcore, bareback, no lube orgy?
I personally hate Vytis because it's hard to me to draw and it doesn't simply look good to me
Does it mean anything in Lithuanian?
Like I can buy a kitchen door and fittings in US and bring that to my house in Lithuania and fit it without worrying
I'm not sure this counts because *Vengrija* obviously has the same root as *Hungary*.
well, in my ethnic russian family all voted for independence in the 90ies referendum, the baltics never really belonged to Soviet union and they had to leave it.
Poland is like Europe's China, they make everything
* Martynas Mažvydas (author of the first Lithuanian book)
Unrealistic
People from urban areas are increasingly moving out into the country and commuting
Colleges are lower tie tertiary schools that awards with *professional bachelor* and universities are higher tie schools that with Bachelor, Master and Doctor
Bruh
Technically he's right, both Poland and Lithuania had first constitution in Europe, second oldest (after USA's one) in the world.
There's a lot more references if you look into it, so if this mythology interests anyone, here you go
LT : Pūkas     EN: Fluff     |  LV: Pukas    EN: Dragon
I know a lot of them are being trolled and misled by malicious people, but really, I find it hard to fathom sometimes how so many people know nothing about anything outside the US system and think they're inventing something new
Depends what do you consider proper answer.
What common history besides the Soviet occupation do Estonia and Lithuania have then?
same
Best of luck to you all
From what I know, multilingual education is a thing in every school
I'm pretty sure the USA are in a position where they could just say "fuck it" and go full Swiss.
Apparently idea of milk in bag is crazy for rest of the west world (exept Canada)
Once upon a time Lithuania was one of the biggest states in Europe and controlled quite a big chunk of modern western part of Russia.
I'm sure in Lithuania the internet cable is much stronger because of it.
They arent that heavy tho, my country has the same
You know full well people speak about illegal immigration then they say economic immigrants.
If the country you live in has no Russian interrests treatened, you have nothing to worry about, The Crimea, Russian part of Ukraine where both Russian interrests treatened by Ukraine.
Like what the hell are these newspapers.
Eg: person A: have you vacuumed the living room
Hello friend
I am honestly amazed how homophobic Lithuania is
About lithuanian villages, i mean lithuania has no dispute with belarus, just that 90% of those villages have lithuanian names
Kurwenstop - GR painkiller, PL whore stopper/fuck stopper
Unfortunately 2016 is the year radicalism and hyperbolie sells, on both sides.
„Quotation marks
It looked horrible and was really affecting his self confidence, but it's impossible to get it removed in public system, since it's not life threatening, benign and doesn't obstruct vision or something
Pick an English answer or press conference from any PM in the 30 years
Is there a Russian word for this?
Australia too
O know their economy grew but come on
Some are placed under house arrest, so they can stay at home but can't leave
is that a Joan Rivers joke
Data wasn't available for Lithuania from 1994.
I've personally had great feelings whenever I moved countries for a partner but those weren't necessarily supposed to be long term, end-of-my-life situations
It wasn't growing all the time before, only in the recent history the progress and jump in wealth of the general population has been large
It's part of your history
*- In Lithuania
Geography - orange
All EU should follow and ban this crap.
you don't make sense
So make fun of Trump then literally recycle one of his policies, good on you Lithuania
B Cold War never ended, there was an armistice of 15 years
Roads and signs reduce accidents the most.
:DD
From my personal experience: Romeo and Julliet
There's one every year
I never enjoyed it
Some examples,
Did a cultural change happen
Use of ketchup is a matter of culinary ignorance
Would love to try it out at some point
I was in the Northern European Cooperation for Sex Education, my first ever international event of International Federation of Medical Students Associations
They don't sell weapons to the public or register guns anymore, now any gun store can sell all legal firearms to the public and do the same functions
Kūjis sounds kinda of tough
It is not weird or yucky in a sense of how it looks, tastes etc
• jūrvarnis ( a sea crow) - cormorant
In addition to stipulations of non-aggression, the treaty included a secret protocol that divided territories of Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Finland, and Romania, into German and Soviet "spheres of influence"
\[It is\] pleasurable <neuter> to get acquainted
My fav
We only had like two separate days of snow actually staying on the ground this winter
Then we learn about German victories in the west, the surrender of France, and the annexation of the Baltic states by the Soviet Union
Oh wait, internet copyright law
Seriously
thats sad
Passeig de Gracia in Barcelona is just one million euro flat after another
Especially with polish folk because their language is waaay different than Russian and not many realises that
From what I know, multilingual education is a thing in every school
Thousands of unarmed civilians gathered around it and basically formed a human barricade
The current cabinet works till mid December.
It means "I dont understand russian"
During the period between the two world wars the name of "Soviet Union" was "Sovietų Sąjunga" in Lithuania, but after the Soviet occupation it was re-christianized to "Tarybų Sąjunga" to make it more "Lithuanian" and "close to home".
Ayyy
I don't know what to think after this
We have one of the most forested countries and
What point I am trying to make is that ww2 currently is more important to us in our daily lives than ww1 even though ww2 started because of ww1.
No they are leaving both economical and political union with Europe.
Basically - people still remember the horrors, but realise they don't have to define modern day Germany
Nah, not really
I had a rare autoimmune disease a few years back so I couldn't walk (I'm fine now), so I believe I'd be dead then
So thats why those posts about us being in Northern Europe suddenly came up.
So the answer would likelly be that my family line doesn't give a fuck?
Well then you don't know what you're talking about or you are talking about some very lucky relative who found the one corrupt cop.
Holding on to cultural and historical heritage
From where be
The second world war at least had a point
My city > my country > Baltic > cultural region known as "Mitteleuropa" > Northern European.
Our relatives from Lithuania do just that when they go by train through Belarus'.
Not saying it was right (because as you mentioned it affected a lot of innocent people), but Germany's goal was to expand and unify all the German lands (where there were Germans)
Well, that's basically all the countries in europe
I hear the rumbling of a thousand tankies converging on this thread
I used to work in a standardizing agency coordinating all sorts of things with the EU and I can say to you this, "lol I dunno ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯".
Poland - Lenkija
Russian - red
Its much safer to get support from government and not random people
Book something in the old town of Vilnius, its not expensive
Every apartment building has their own area, but there were no fences or anything, so all the kids just roam from block to block and play anywhere they want
I doubt both are within 15 minutes of each other; in my experience the roads in Lithuania are ok but are pretty poor in Latvia and mediocre in Estonia.
This guy has real experience and he knows what is good.
Old man (*Seni*) from what I gathered this is more of a Vilnius thing rather than whole country, but we call each other old man, as if you used dude or bro in English
Yeah I have to strongly disagree with this statistic that shows Lithuanian media is 28th and its classified as a problematic while Uruguay had multiple incidents of journalist being hurt in recent years, but sits in 19th place
Snowflakes will snowflake
So a ton more people were deported to Syberia after the initial deportings.
Gravity work pretty well in Europe
The pool of recruiters and money for the attacks is limited however.
(My husband's Irish and he just can't live without it)
What do you think Greens would do if they actually win the elections
Sorry, but other places have great cheeses as well
I am sure even Swedes will help us do that
Except when said ban then bans from people who have leggally immigrated from said countries into yours from travelling as well, including your military supporters who had to be accept due to danger they faced for supporting you, and you also give exceptions to minority-religions.
There was Kęstutis Pūkas in the Lithuanian parliament
everyone in that room seems to be thinking 'this is so unnecessary'
I doubt OP is talking about native languages and there are about 2 million L2 irish speakers, so Irish would be by far the second most spoken language
On other hand, joining the NATO reduces the chance of these countries becoming targets of conventional war because they have the deterrent that both Ukraine and Georgia lacked
The language reform was aimed mostly at orthography and making it consistent across all of Poland and removing superficial letters (X was removed and replaced with Ks which was more common)
I bathed with siblings when I was small but you know...
you can change it to that and it'd be correct, but that's as far as my knowledge of samogitian grammar goes
Since when
Lithuania jokes about reconquering Latvia, Belarus, Ukraine, Russia and anything else standing between them and the black sea
Yeah, it couldn't be any Russian subversive elements in western Ukraine.
Everyone calls Vilnius by saying the i quite hard
We have always used the shortened version when mentioning the country, Čekija
The popular vote run off system (the same as France, Poland, Brazil, etc
In all seriousness no, we don't have any Roman heritage, that's Lithuanian national football stadium that has been under construction since 1987
They can't. I'm just gonna post links and memes all over the place and they won't be able to do anything about it
You do realize Hitler wanted Lithuania as an ally?
10^15 Kvadrilijonas
Hope it's alright where you're at
Hello Slovenia, I think we might've exchanged our results by accident
And a lot of unknown fortune tellers, that you can only get in contact with through friends.
Exactly why I said everyone else involved with the flight path fool
~30% of Lithuania was also occupied during interbellum and we count it as free here
Cause total Polish community in there is not that large
Geri vyrai, geroj girioj, gerą girą gerė ir gerdami gyrė.
Meat scandals, when "independent group of experts" found parasites
I say that at least talks about it will start this year if things continue to go as they are now
It was all mainly a catch-up, no deep discussions
Sausainis (cookie) - the dry one
That's a bold claim you are making.
I hate when prices are 〇〇,99, and you get 1 cent as exchange
I'm not known with the cuisine either, but I am very open minded when it comes to food.
All of that was even more important in 1990 when travelling was way more difficult and expensive, so habits to look for a job in Finland never formed.
Lol america bad, europe good, huh
Dude, that's sick
Yeah, our suicidal tendencies are very obvious on the road too
Smetana is sour cream
It is refreshing to see people who want to create things that (in their opinion) make the world better, and not wait for others to do it.
You bet your ass we’re not friendly
Might also be the "rich neighbors" factor here.
Basketball anthem - 3 milijonai by Marijonas Mikutavicius
Of course, in Lithuanian media this got reported as "evil refugees sued Lithuania on the first day of arrival".
Something something about more people in Ireland speaking Polish than Irish.
*- Oh, Здравствуйте!* (customer all happy with themselves)
I used to work in one, it was indeed fun reading the standards for third-grade pasteurized sludge
Turns out, beggars can make more money in a week than a working family in a month
France
Southern dishes, unlike most northern dishes, have a variety of spices added to them
Most people speak english with a russian/lithuanian or polish accent so most of the time foreigners don't understand our english
March 11th (when we were the first socialist republic to declared independence from the USSR) lots of smiles and drinks and food on this day
There's plenty of traditions, but some of them include burning giant bonfires, rolling burning wooden wheels from a hill into a lake or a river, unmarried woman making a "vainikas"(something similiar to a crown, except it's made from flowers and various plants), and floating them away on a lake, and perhaps the most notably, searching for a legendary blooming fern plant which is said to give you supernatural powers
Had 18 now 20, due "alcoholism"... That alcoholism was brought by USSR and we still fight it
Womem were not allowed to talk to men for some reason and weren't allowed to sleep in the same room unless married.
"Would you feel comfortable if your child was in a relationship with a person
Who orders like that
'Assimilated' should be the more appropriate term
To take in refugees that do not want even want to be in Lithuania themselves?
think about it, not too much turists compared to summer, weather still amazing, not too hot, not cold either.
By the way, 2020 Lithuanian general election even had a diaspora electoral district which was won by the leader of liberal party
While its true that germany through history was oppressive and expansive, its nothing compared to russia
Maybe DeMiko is one of the better YouTubers, but I don't watch him anyways
But unfortunately our languages aren't close enough to be mutually intelligible (we can't communicate in a meaningful manner)
There was Dziady, but it was replaced by wszystkich świętych, so to call it a pagan tradition is a stretch
Do they not realize that the country will be irreversibly setup for demographic collapse if free movement of people continues?
technological advancements(better military tech making the current military stronger) aswell as the new way of fighting wars (cyber war and information war)
Besides pretty sure those people that were under Stalin would rather live within Polish state, than Soviet Russia/USSR.
(Serious: irrelevant question, both countries are officially secular and we're past the point in history where religion was a major divisive question in the region)
Yes sir
The climate has risen by +0
It's also popular destination for Lithuanians, especially Gran Canaria.
TIL most of Europe is Lone-lands (minus Amon Sûl)
Latvia too but they're our brothers so we don't really rival them like that
It's not even destroyed
There was a war for Podolia between Poland and Lithuania in the 1350s, I think.
Odd question: I must travel with plane to Belarus to get free Visa, but I don't really have to return by plane right?
You must not know much about Lithuania.
>Majority of people living there are belarusians, polish and rusians
But how do we protect ourselves from things that have a side effects on any sector of life or on the free market, about which lobbyist will stay silent?
Not sure what's the way to do that though.
When puberty kicks in though, it gets more complicated
Doing things has no connection to your ethnicity
It's very common here, you shake your hands everytime you see a male friend
The only good outcomes for UA is to get rid of that region as a whole or take over a complete control of it surpresing all other political movements there.
Lil Díky
I don't really agree with much what Linkevicius does but gosh this interviewer was annoying.
I don't think Vytis would work, because it's a bit to complicated, but the historical Gediminaičių stulpai flag could work
And Remove Kebab meme, of course.
Unfortunately, results for Jan-Feb 2017 are 200 births down on Jan-Feb 2016.
And like your women are not beautiful
My mom shortly told me that there are Gen X, Gen Y and Gen Z. I didn't know the American names of these generations, so I wondered: what the fuck are baby boomers
They got food, housing and didn't even need to work for it.
You should learn Austrian history a lot more closely ;) You know that Austro-Hungarian Empire was a major party to that clusterf\*&k, right
Most lower officials (elders, guild masters and some other "bureaucrats") were elected and the townspeople had fairly extensive rights
Fucking old granny rushed to take my seat right out of my ass as soon as I stood up
I guess it just depends on the school itself
Countryhumans + repost
It was the town of [Tilsit] (now Sovetsk) where books were printed
They're really easy to make, and are usually baked on a pan, so there's no complex preparations or long cook time, like with cepelinai
Image your son going around swearing at random people and then saying "Dad, but the president does it too!"
They also work with lexic to prevent the influence of foreign languages
Lithuania is not accurate, we're much more like Latvia here.
Dominikos Respublika is the official name.
Gedvila's daughteė would be Gedvilaitė, not Gedvilytė, cause Gedvila enda wth an A.
The optimistic scenario is Finland and the pessimistic scenario is Uruguay (ending up the same as we are today)
Bullets and bombs grow on trees
Life is far better here than it was 10 years ago.
In my opinion, Europe can be divided into these regions based on socioeconomic and cultural factors: Eastern Europe (all former communist countries), Southern Europe (basically PIGS countries + Malta and Cyprus), Northern Europe (the same as is shown in the OP's map) and Western Europe (every country that doesn't belong to the aforementioned regions)
It used to be more women than men before 2010, but times has changed.
Preservation of heritage is important and this is why the question of assimilation is such an important one.
We might even have fusion by then.
Americans know where Lithuania is.
This is a democratically elected government.
Senoje literatutoje esu girdejes (ta kur mokykloj skaitoma), gal netgi pora TV laidu minejo sita zodi, bet siaip Aukstaitijoje, aplink Ignalina tikrai girdejau
The name Suomi (Finnish for "Finland") has uncertain origins, but a candidate for a source is the Proto-Baltic word *źemē, meaning "land".
Dziękuje bardzo :)
We have beaches and bitches mate.
Situation is a bit different, Crimea had a strategic port
> The hip hip a hop, and you don't stop, a rock it
Now im sure its either Australia and Oceanic islands or Australia
Hasn't been for Estonia in far more than a decade.
Romania was never a soviet nor part of the Russian empire .
(same like Poland Lithuanian commonwealth was sometimes just called Poland because that was more important (Kingdom vs Dutchy) part
Any idea how your country compares to the surrounding area, like Balkans or Austria?
It's not like I didn't understand them, I'm familiar with some words, but I'm from the post-Soviet generation, and never learned Russian
Also, Lithuania has about 100k gun owners and about 30k are hunters, and 30k are self defense permit holders, the others would fall into other categories like sport shooting and so on
There were basically no Lithuanians (<1%) in the Wilno area, they just claimed it because it was Lithuanian 500 years ago.
Latvia is simply more like us culturally and language wise.
Well brexit and Dutch referendum on Ukraine kinda shows that we are not immune to populist and in the matter of fact some could argue that we are more vulnerable than US
No joke, Latvia
It's hard to argue with his assesment
Although they have different levels of corruption and some adopted boneheaded banking or housing policies, Western countries from Greece to Denmark, along with Canada, Australia, and NZ generally adopted a social-democratic consensus that took the best of big government and capitalism and created (statistically) most of the world's most successful societies (pre-crisis).
There are many museums, but there's a lot of competition to get positions in them, and even in Germany they're not really paying a decent wage
Message to mods: Sorry if you think this type of submission is more suitable for r/askEurope.
Most of the suicides arent breing brought to light here in lithuania, but if you look at the data the truth is there
We have "šūdas" which means "shit", but other than that, not a lot
Proto-Germanic language had „-az” ending, Lithuanian has „-as”, Latin „-us”.
I didn't know that, but the context is still the same
I first saw their tree form only in Belgium.
Even though they had a chance to say that it was Soviet tanks and give us the people who participated in it for trial, now it is pretty much considered Russian and not Soviet tanks
It would be handing Russia a casus belli on a sliver platter
[Almost as popular as pubs in UK
[Yup] Also warmer weather would be nice too :)
Just to screw with Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine and Poland - yes.
thanks :)
Maybe an art director has changed over the time.
Oh fuck it's hot \~30
"Annex a Baltic state overnight" is where you went into fairyland.
And all the accidents were their fault
I think it's a joke that quite a few people cannot tell the difference: when my parents grew up, it was all part of the Soviet Union, so many older people simply don't know about the "new" states yet.
I was actually in a catholic church only a year ago.
We have some shitty roads in swamps as well.
Yes, indeed we use gmailas a lot, because most people use it
Loved Riga
Gintaras ( amber)
I'm sorry, dear Poles, but Poland is just horribly boring to drive through.
I actually understand those two much much better than I understand Latvian
That it
At the top you'll notice that there's ethnicities linked with haplogroups, aka bullshit.
It is sad how no one talks about the Baltic languages
but still come on
I hope this is sarcasm
I think I remember using Austro-Vengrija in school
I use Lithuanian wiki fairly often
Most of EU countries at this point would not want them to join too.
I understand it doesnt snow in UK and they really have warm winters lately, where its just rain, but cmon
Nowhere in europe have I encountered that
I really like Liechtenstein and its history ( i even have a great book about it )
USA, Dominican Republic, Iceland, Denmark, Sweden, Finland, Russia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Ukraine, Poland, Romania, Greece, Turkey, India, Nepal, Iran, Croatia, Montenegro, Bosnia, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Morocco, Thailand, Myanmar, Cambodia, Singapore, Vietnam and back to the USA.
Still, my heart is with all of you protesting in Romania and all around the world
(though yes you are correct and this is the reason why both of us are not that green compared to Latvia, but I will still use this opportunity to make fun of other countries) Baby Eesti needs Mommy Finland for a shoulder to cry?
If you want more, theres more to do
> He's a democratic socialist
USSR was a Russian imperialism project, the polled support or hostility towards USSR aligns with polled opinion towards current Russia more than anything
I can add that we have a piece of [literature] about how lithuanians were direct descendants of the romans
• Vytautas The Great
All of these were, and stil are used to brew traditional tea in lithuania
So, cats in Finland are beyblades
Their former president is kinda going crazy
Oh, yeah, Russian media keeps on screaming that January Events were Lithuanian inside job and that Nazi collaborators were behind Lithuanian nationalist movement
France <3
Good on you
However, you are forgetting that if the disadvantaged people carry weapons, it creates incentive for the assailant to carry a weapon too.
If you get headaches from wearing a mask you might have some really serious issues, visit your doctor
People speaking the same language mostly have the same kind of accent when speaking another language.
God bless
I think it’s all a benefit
- Your braid is beautiful
Lithuanian:
Would be funny if EU court ruled in favor of Brexiters.
Thank you for the insightful response, I think we are done here.
In school reform they made that Polish kids had way easier to pass Lithuanian language exam (testing writing skills, not grammar) than others (mistakes counted not as harsh) This got to a point that even University's said that they wont accept students from Polish minority schools because of it.
That we play basketball and it's basically our religion
Oh, how great an RPG would be in this setting
I saw a lot of negative reactions to our cold beetroot soup (cold and pink)
This is source of dislikes of Lithuanians, Czech and Ukrainians.
- Well what do you think
And then one day you'll check out Japanese engineering
The move has alarmed countries throughout central Europe.
Deus vult intensifies I suppose.
Vytautas the great, (i think thats how it translates)
Poland, except for jokes from Lithuanians
So sick of this -- yeah, you're not super serious, but it's still mean, especially when so many people repeat it
With the current infrastructure and technology electric isn't always the cleanest option, it's just that it is easier to deal with the pollution of power plants versus various methods of pollution that is caused by individuals such as by driving personal vehicles
So karma is a bitch
We lost almost 80.000,00 km^2 (about the size of Czechia).
I know both are banned in Lithuania, but I don't think anything is banned in Estonia.
At 5-6 years old
dude, she just has a pretty voice.
I think that I can see where you're coming from, but could you name American senators who aren't running for president?
Also you can't use torrents I think.
I'll stay with 300mbit(which is already overkill) and save a few euros a month, thanks.
The largest contributor is refined petroleum, that's 22% of all our imports from Lithuania.
* Glorious history of being nearly extinct, book smuggling and its contemporary all time high dominance in Lithuania
Funny, last time I was in The Hague I saw that exact sign on the Lithuanian embassy's window.
This is not really mentioning the dialectal variations, then the list would get wild
A quick look and I found that Latvia and Lithuania have a higher rate.
I think Estonian and Latvian (not sure if all) ports also freeze in winter, so Finland should not be the only country in the world whose ports freeze at winter every year
Was the song popular in Germany?
I even started using my university outlook because it looks better than Gmail
Going to Sweden in June, what should I buy
Never thought that Lithuania had any domestic designs of any war related vehicles until I found out about an aircraft series called ANBO
Poland - Lenkija
I disagree
I can already hear angry Estonian noises far in the distance approaching very very slowly
Beje/Beja - "in addition to"
My parents live abroad
Every time I go there I feel like I'm far away from home
Do you or anybody know how to get those country flairs
President Donald Trump sends congratulations to Lithuania
The problem with lithuanian terms is that most of the times they sound very stupid and a lot of the terms dont even have translations
We don't have janitors, we do all the cleaning ourselves.
There's multiple places in just this comment section where people talk about Lithuania's 'great' relationship with Poland...The same Poland who declared war on them pretty much immediately after they got their independence and annexed their capital.
I feel like the only people who class as us central are foreigners
Lithuanian one sounds for sure like some GOT name.
If you're going to stop by Lithuania, I'd recommend Gubernija Duonos Gira for a pretty good commercial kvass.
No one has mentioned Latvian or Lithuanian yet?
That kind act is still remembered and was very important
I hang out mostly on majority female subs and it's a fucking nightmare
There was a racist attack several years ago on an Indian girl, these things are well publicized but rare.
One of the most ridiculous calques is typical for tourism texts written by Lithuanians: [cognitive path] Which is 'educational trail' in proper English
Cant post a link because I am at work :)
There was a time when Belarusians called themselves "Litvins" - Lithuanians, before the modern 19th century concept of nationality and Tsarist Russification changed that
But that's the thing, if PLC didn't fail we would all be Polish by now, people abandoning the lithuanian language for polish was a very real thing since the start of the commonwealth.
It has snow in the winter and plenty of conifers
Ow Gad thatc ei thyng
so how do the top ones without any pressure stay in place
Minus UK
So maybe that was mixup which mislead me, I remember him saying that rape and danger to life under the same conditions
I know you have your gaelic language
Oscillococcinum is marked as C200, which translates to dilution of 1:10^400.
But EU is a thing only because it benefits all members for different reasons
Untill we see Russian military actually acting in Belarus, those pledges are empty
From my experience they're a little goofy compared to us sad potato sacks
Before internet became so accessible kids learned stuff from magazines, now they just Google stuff
The rest hang up a flag on Independence days and other Lithuanian holidays
We won't be buying new cars for at least 10 more years.
Women right to vote in1919 is smilar to lots of european countries including Belarus,Poland,Lithuania,Russia...
Not a nice name
If the names are from one of the recognized minority languages (there are like 20 of those) they get to keep the name and original spelling and declination with all the letters if it's latin alphabet (like Lithuanian or Czech) or transcribed according to a standard set in another law if its not latin like Russian, Belarusian or Hebrew.
Discussion: Is it time to kick Turkey out of NATO?
My point it, there was a time when someone decided to use that name as their kid's name for the very first time
Mainly those who were "Ok" with this were people who were too old to be taken, or women.
Oh wow, so thats why I dont see discounts anymore :(
This week even our goverment had issues with your statements (considering Lithuanian nationalism as a totalitarian regime)
Šiauliai - around 100k people
When someone likes  being in the country:          (*☻-☻*)
Maybe not a military intervention like Georgia or Ukraine, but make the government pro-russian.
In Bordeaux, Muslims fight against radical Islam
then go straight down through baltic countries on the via baltica road.
Nope
We had already declared independence, but Gorbachev despised that idea and sent Soviet troops to our capital Vilnius to take over the TV tower and parliament
To add to that Commonwealth was really not a successful country
We don't appreciate shit-posting because someone's candidate didn't win the election.
When the next Tsar will take his place and denounce him for his corruption and greed.
People seem to have this weird belief that Eastern and Western Europe weren't on equal ground pre-WW1.
14% population loss since 2001 and its heavily skewed towards young people leaving and never coming back.
It's not a simple "we put in more money into the EU than we get out from it" that the Brexiters were peddling, it's more like we're paying to upkeep a system that is very advantageous for our exporters.
Who else if not Poland to remeber.
If you can't think more than one step ahead I don't know what to tell you.
I'm developing feelings for that guy
NASA Johnson posts some of the best shots.
I thought it was Lithuanian Army marching in Berlin.
I believe this bird is called the bittern
Or could be extra animation like India right now
* First open anti-Soviet protest on 1987 08 23
Please don’t do it
You just can't outplay that snake, can you
Anyway, it is obviously more efficient and can replace 50% of oil shale by biomass.
Kaunas mainly heavy industry and transportation:
Good thing that you only have Russia as an option.
so yea
Well, coupled with high emmigration, they caused our country's population to decline by 25% in 20 years, so in my opinion we have reasons to be worried about it.
almost makes you want to get off your chair and sing the ''tautiška giesmė'', don't you think
Cold War ain't over comrade Eesti.
If he was born in GDL lands he is either Lithuanian or Belarusian (depends where exactly he was born), if he was born in Polish lands he is Ukrainian or Polish.
Usa redistributes something like 40% of their gdp.
If a country is already working to destabilize you and hurt your citizens, your reaction is to attempt to become friends ?
I ask for the cheapest and I couldn’t care what the person serving thinks
I was on debating tournament and in the evening drank some cheap Latvian vodka with some Estonian fellows – whose names I have forgotten
We were supposed to go to Auschwitz too, but the lockdown was so sudden we didn't.
We have a similar sketch of this in Lithuania.
Winged Hussars are not specific to Poland.
Well being serf was of course shit, but in Poland was slightly better.
Now we’re more focused on being Russophobic
Neither of them had crusades against them
I already speak a bit of Korean and Japanese and I'm kinda good at French, but I'd love to be fluent in them
Suicides and fast internet
If we just blantly label populist voters as being stupid we will lose any chance of properly communicating with them and they will fall in their reassuring information trap (as we all do)
By demographic bomb i meant that really, really soon, maybe within 5 years, the country will be in guaranteed extinction stage.
Yeah, the first guy should get a more lenient sentence
The whole coast of Neringa municipality
Not much of that summer, but it's nice.
I can pronounce it and I'm from Lithuania ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
The Japan and Kazakhstan being similiar thing is quite well said
Population of Poland is bigger than Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Iceland combined.
You can download [this file] from the Lithuania's MoD website
Yes, we have the State Commission of the Lithuanian Language, and the notorious State Language Inspection that functions like language police – e. g., fines for using wrong grammar in TV shows, etc
But you can have and easy way to check if a word is "usable" and win random arguments thAT HAVE NO SENSE OF PROPER LANGUAGE
Went to the UK many many times, studied there, etc.
But i personally see the invasion as a failure of epic proportions.
Kremlin engineered some new type of political influence scheme
Soon enough she will become a planetary system, with her own gravity field
Latgalian and Samogitian languages.
I'd understand if you couldn't tell a difference between Lithuanian and Russian accent because our accent is all over the place, from German-like accent "say ze everywhere where it's ze pozzible" ([Example] to heavy stereotypical Eastern European accent "rash B, reaportead nab" ([example] To be honest, with a hot potato in my mouth I can easily recreate Russian accent.
In Lithuania, highly depends on the spot
Flair checks out
ЖЫВЕ БЕЛАРУСЬ!
We eat lots of pancakes too
I don't know if Lithuania has many stereotypes, because we are not known by anyone outside of eastern europe
To suggest we should start accepting terror attacks and bombings is a crock of shit.
Aging population will take a heavy toll in the future
Nida or Klaipėda or Samogitia are worth visiting
What a fool I was to think that the heatwave is coming to an end
>Lithuania, My fatherland
Aš esu parazitinės gorilų kovos profesionalas
I think that people from Baltics generally don't know or don't care about stuff happening on Balkans.
I have just crossed these cities by bus en route to Saint Petersburg and back
I guess it's a combination of the pandemic and everyone turning 30 around me and having kids, hence bar meetups switched to walks in the park
But here we also have it score 5 stars.
Back it the day, it wasn't uncommon to call most ottomans Greek.
It's only possible to link proconfigured data if these are stored in the URL (like google maps for example).
Only starting from the 8th students finally had an option to rent a locker
This is also a feature in RP, albeit it's less pronounced than in Lithuanian
Although, I don't know how this move was perceived in your country.
- What's happening to her
I read and upvote comments, always forget to upvote threads.
I'd never thunk that there would be so many people living in the yellow parts.
It was called the same in my street.
We have them in a sense, but not the American one
Grand Duchy of Lithuania (1561-1569) and later Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth (1569-1795) had a vassal state in modern day Latvia called Duchy of Courland and Semigallia.
And you could find Lenin and other statues in those countries (And even actual Lenin in Russia)
same
English
Why would you go to Lithuania on Erasmus, that's like moving out to the apartment next to your parents.
I'd wake up at 5:30AM, then leave my house at 6:30 to get to school by 7
Kaunas, Lithuania - rare footage (1928 - 1939)
Because it's most densely military area in Europe
Weird but understandable
Could be world changing revelation
Everyone agrees we're a part of baltics, but there are also people that would say the whole of baltics is northern, not nordic, not scandinavian, but northern europe
No profit from there diving in to deeper economic problems, yet they still went for it, cause it helps ruling elite in Russia to get popularity
9 - devyni,
All of them are really strong and not related to plants or hope (pretty common theme in my country
Of course there are to be considerations based on extenuating circumstances, such as medical emergencies.
We were in the middle of two super powers  - Russia and Germany while Lithuania was just a battle field in world wars, although maybe we didn’t suffer too much, compared to Poland, but occupations hurt as a lot, especially the USSR
The Middle East does though
Lithuanian movies portray Lithuania and they are their own special kind of terrible and awful
(and I dont mean the driving around the deck part)
They should make groups in the future, if the list grows bigger
Polish and Lithuanian army was still separate thing in Commonwealth, Polish troops occupied Moscow, not ours, were pre-occupied with Polish–Swedish War (1600–11).
In Lithuania this costs around 15-20 eur
What are you up to this time Pope?
For example, deGiro [operates in 18 countries] (not in Lithuania).
They only consume propaganda filled Russian Media
Putin love people who want to burn EU and NATO.
Šauliai can be translated to paramilitary or militia, and volunteer military force is an equivalent of American National Guard
Nonetheless I agree that ask Europe is better place for questions like this
Kaunas city (trolleybuses and buses):
Way more orderly than the Chinese, though
But does Lithuania border Russia ....
What alternate history are you describing ?
It's not a very good graph if the biggest section is "Others".
Latvia and Lithuania don't claim to be Nordic countries.
Ihate it here, no offense but this is a living hell, the wages r really not great, the people, everyone here is deppressed its just a shit hole
Uolektis or Ulna  - it's the distance from your elbow to your finger tips
Also whole country moved from East to West few hundreds kilometers.
Nooo, you're wayy off, "Kad į tavo subinę elnio ragai Įstrigtų" Is the best, Translation: "May the deer's horns get stuck in your arse
KIDNAPPERS REEEEEEEEEE
If code has both English and another language then it doesn't make sense
In eastern europe not so much
Aggressive man armed with a knife attacked the Japanese embassy in Vilnius, Lithuania
And when the person is underage, it gets really complicated
You see very bad out
Maybe not striking a crappy deal with Turkey could help.
Milk is a must to refrigerate
Of course same does not extend in most cases to serfs
Technically yeah, but in day-to-day talking, nobody calls it that
Unit
But you still don't understand fact that every state comparing wealth of Poles and Lithuanians show it in favor of Poles.
Classes lasted for 40 minutes each and we had nine classes a day, with about five minutes in between classes to get to the next classroom
Grenland is working for independance
not really, quite a few of our letters can make the same sound depending on the word you write
People there dont see lithuania as anything good, they prefer russia, but call themselves polish while they in fact are belarusian/polish/russian
If it's a nudist beach it's 99%, if it's a non-nudist beach it's probably like 10-20%.
Most foreign people here are from International University
Nowhere in europe have I encountered that
Cause if so this would bring even more problems to EU than only with UK vetoing everything.
Then they really dont have much to gain?
And the dunce next to him mixed up Baltics with Balkans
Montreal is kind of French ;)
Why is he on skateboard
That's neat
u/throwfor0 don't forget the word 'suka' which is basically 'he/she turns/is turning' in our Lithuanian language, but then sounds like 'сука' which is 'bitch' in Russian.
Western movies do not portray Lithuania
The Dutch would be happy if they were second to last as long as they are above Finland
Also this might be the court case you are thinking of:  A man shot 4 unarmed attackers while not sober, one of them died, and it was ruled justified self defense
I went through the Arsenalna escalator few times and I ate in an fantastic Crimean Tatar restaurant in the Maidan
[Reminds me of a church in a small town in Lithuania]
Yes, Belarusian land was under Lithuanian control.
It's celebrated on the shortest night of summer
Only those who don't have any education in anything so they have to take low wage jobs.
Yes, my country voted against the redistribution but since the vote was 24 against 4 we obeyed to that, now it's not our problem that EU don't redistribute those people, isn't it?
Although to be fair I haven't heard of anything like that in the last 10 years
not mentioning Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and Sweden used to have the same king?
As for the empty homes and jobs that those people left, they were replaced with russians who were brought there to live.
> Millennium Falcon for 780€ (The f Lego
Not only are ther crosses on crosses on crosses, but there are also crosses underground, becouse the hill kept getting buldozered in the soviet times, but people were constantly rebuilding it
&#x200B;
Yes, exactly why diesel is better, you need less of it.
22 and now I dont understand you.
Badly
(well, not for our PM)
Everything's clean, people are chill, prices not too bad
I would not take this seriously if I were you.
The Lisbon treaty isn't the same as the European constitution.
Soviet Union and Nazi Germany had long on going economical partnership, the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact's secret clauses were final coffin into Europe being divided by two totalitarian states, that took the slices like buddies, shaking each others hand after meeting in middle of Poland.
I don't even care about the dark, because I'm used to it
The fucking universe is radioactive.
I dislike it personally because it's shows are copied from USA, Russia
I think it's an issue with the Lithuanians, rather than Latvians.
The law states that a person is obliged to inform Lithuanian authorities by himself.
[cool]
You don't need to be so gung-ho about disagreeing with me, you can just ask for sources, you know?
BMW driving punks are a menace to society
Call Lithuanians Russians or Slavs
* Maironis
How did I never realize that his name is Lithuanian.
looks like a comic from the early 1900s
We (Memel) defended ourselves with throwing cheese at swedish
I never heard a Lithuanian accent portrayed in any way.
Fun fact, people tend to use words that are used in their languages, for example elevator/lift
But with upcoming crisis and increased unemployment will probably just worsen
It's a useful tradition, only it's a bit weird that it's in the toilet, but I guess that's a place where you will surely notice and look at it since you have a minute to spare
After WW2 Lithuanians and all of E.
"unfriendly" well no shit based on how much pain Russia caused to some of those countries
If anyone wants to visit Vilnius PM me
There will be two teams:
How is the flow of the war even relevant here
Either times are changing, or it's because my friends are turning 30 and don't look that much out of the ordinary anymore
Now I wonder if he ever got fined for this :D
I would make the distinction that "discoveries" are something that independently exist whether their "discoverers" are there or not, i.e something that is ''natural''. Hydrogen is made of a proton and an electron independently whether something is there to ''observe'' them or to ''find'' them as such
So from the more commonly found (culturally) ones, most don't work with the symbols, but when you go to the more uncommon ones, like Litis(Li), Wolframas(W), Manganas(Mn), Bizmutis(Bi), most work
([visualisation]
Lets not rush to fast with panzers though, you know what happened the last time when they did that.
As long as it serves a beneficial function, I don't care.
So we call it Čekija all the time, because you never say Republic when you talk.
Yeah, I've seen some folks fishing from the bridge, though I bet the pond has more ducks in it than fish.
Fathered kings and rulers of Poland, Belarus, Ukraine and Russia
Aww, our weird cousin from the north :)
And this is dangerous for region and the world.
Lithuania always blaming someone else for they own mistakes and fails; really you should just take a responsibility for your own history
Simply because I like designs that are in unison
That's actually the only reason I would assume anyone would need anything faster than 300.
Also, I can't help but notice you use the word "partisan", the Lithuanian word for "guerilla".
By the way, Grand Duchy of Lithuania during it's golden age period of existance was quite multicultural.
There is being polite and then there is being over polite which is annoying over time
Not fans of the Baltic countries, huh
Leaving the EU would be definite, total, complete suicide for us.
A strong US President who values the new Europe would put a stop to this very quickly.
Some people say "Lithuanians are born with a basketball in their hands
For some reason I mix up six and eight
Victims of Germany and Russia
Nothing, literally nothing can be done otherwise
Oh god that shitshow with children
a really nice mansion, seriously that is a shit ton of money, I was surprised to see some of the replies here
And its been like that for at least 15 years now
Exactly the sound you make when drunk
well, Sikorski said that if he would be chosen(he lost to Komorowski) as PO candidate for president, he wouldn't visit Lithuania untill resolving situation of Polish Minority, They(Lithuania)considered Sikorski as hostile to Lithuania.
Belarus and Lithuania have hundreds of years of shared history
Lithuanians seeing this: is it Soviet times again
(også, hvorfor har du sovjetisk banner art
- Do you understand that you'll be put in prison if you'll beat your mom
Clearly Russia is innocent, it definitely is not sheltering Soviet troops that rolled over un-armed Lithuanians with tanks.
No investments here, just savings account with zero percent rate
I live in potato land so I know that this is very accurate
Well we banned it because it was uncovered that people who beg are organized by someone.
Around Christmas time suddenly conversations in Russian would start popping up I guess as a way to covertly discuss gifts
They have their share of the blame
To poland
I don't even know what I would choose, as I feel like it's been several years since I've been in this kind of situation
The best bet is not to interfere directly
Veikalas in Lithuanian is work (more like result of work), but in Latvian it's a store
Actually it sad that most of Lithuania wasn't absorbed by Prussia.
I never bothered myself about it, I considered the country as a Russian outpost-by-choice.
Then you can get a pistol or a shotgun.
Well firstly not everyone wants to display their marital status at all times.
You just sound like a very selfish person who would probably have no issues with watching his country destroyed by an invading force
I identify more with my lithuanian side, becouse I was born and raised speaking lithuanian, surrounded by lithuanians, learning about lithuania, despite living in poland
That's why EU's a blessing, IMO.
Eliminating evil
A classic case of "do as I say, not as I do".
Your fundamental error is in not realising that this isn't just about average net wage.
vill 'wool'- Vilna, kirves 'axe' - kirvis, kael 'neck'- kaklas.
) or Pilis (LT) vs Polis (GR)
Gorbachev took away chains and everyone soon run away.
to able to communicate the same thing but in another language?
I don't know how it is now, because our education system keeps getting changed every other year, but back when I was in school, it went something like this:
and a damn funny one, at it
Lutheran Swedes and Norwegians?
either the [Cathedral] or [Gediminas Castle] (which is only a tower now)
"Pampers" pretty much became a word for "Diaper" (I don't think I've ever seen a different brand of diapers)
į - to somewhere
Probably the same can be said about Latvian and Lithuanian, too.
Dragon is a flying snake lizard with wings
Well, what can I say, your system sucks Lenkija.
Neither my parents, nor my Russian neighbours would ever consider USSR times "a better times".
What the fuck
I dont know if its a cultural thing or not wanting to make effort to make lithuania beautiful to live in one household at a time
I disagree
Now both irl and in minecraft ill have to go far away to find pretty landscapes :( Lithuania looks FLAT
> Historically we've all been highly influenced by Christianity
We are not in the time of "will be".
That said, Learning the language, even badly, is a great way to make a positive impression
Huh, we say the same with "boba" but it's a rude word for women in general, "when the *woman* falls out it's lighter for the carriage" has a very different message :D
i saw some text written in Lithuanian the other day.
7 - septyni,
The term “puss” is the root of the principal word for “cat” in the Romanian term pisica and the root of secondary words in Lithuanian (puz) and Low German puus.
"es ist meine Ehre euch kennen zu lernen"
[Marozai] or [Forsai] both of which are just pretty much our equivalent of the Russian gopnik
While Baltic languages are related to Slavic languages (they're part of the Balto-Slavic branch of the Indo-European languages), they're not that close and shouldn't be lumped together.
My university has some rich people, but honestly they don't act rich and tone it down with others.
Lithuanian YouTube is garbage, indeed
It must be between 18-22 too, not sure what's real average though.
Which is stupid because there are legitimate criticisms and it gets lost in the sea of meek accusations.
That's just the official data, the numbers are crazy high.
It looks like a poor attempt at being Swiss, more than anything Scandinavian
Then visit Klaipeda and the curonian spit
Russian seems like one of the easiest languages for me to start learning now, because I’m used to occasionally hearing russian in the bus and other places, also there are a lot of words similar to lithuanian
Yea but there is lithuania in it ant it joined 2004
I know that people do stuff on the 25th, but never my family, so I donät know what exactly
The difference is that Lithuanian is a [fusional language] the building blocks are much more numerous, making it less regular.
Same here
He's nice at first
It's viewed as aplace where you can get cheap(compared to other brands), quality products
Poland separated itself from Russian aggression even more.
Well it definitely helps to learn the language.
Buy a beer: 20
Hesburger is "cheap" mcdonald's which isn't cheap
Also, it’s just one moment
Europe likes cooperation with others even when it does not favor them.
Have you been to Boston
Not really into polands politics but isn't like that duda guy evil
Yes we are
Nah man it looks too communist
You know, kinda fits this question
Latvia's border doesn't end anywhere
"Look at crazy Europe, absurd bans for the sake of feminism".
Nor should be forgotten the price paid by Belarus, which lost 25% of its whole population, or Ukraine (16 %), or Latvia, Armenia and Lithuania (13 % each) etc etc.
I actually don't even know we're going back to school in the fall, we might continue online learning (I think)
Having any type of weapon without a licence is highly illegal, be it a gun or a metal club
Bus or trolleybus here
Nopians sure do confuse themselves with Lithuania a lot
Lithuania is in the Nordic council?
probably Ukraine
No one cares about poles until you run into one
I would make the distinction that "discoveries" are something that independently exist whether their "discoverers" are there or not, i.e something that is ''natural''. Hydrogen is made of a proton and an electron independently whether something is there to ''observe'' them or to ''find'' them as such
The lithuanian flag has been changed since
Most countries have public buses covering just cities.
That would make Russian very unstable for quite a while.
at the start we'd be the star and later we'd get all of our food put on our plate by Poland
Edit: also check this site:
AM is indeed for early things, pre-midday is earlier than post-midday
What's important when it comes to slave trade Europeans were first to end it and why the hell no one care to mention role of African tribes, they were the ones selling slaves to Europeans/Jews/Arabs.
On one of them, only one plant of fern is believed to bloom and the one who picks it will gain supernatural powers
They're from all over, but mostly Germany and the Netherlands, then Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia I guess, I'm not sure, I've never counted.
Really don't know much about Latvia - Estonia relations, but I'd put it like three cousins ​​that gets in touch when in need.
At least around Vilnius, I don't remember there ever being a stray dog problem
mėsa - meat in Lithuanian
Mainly some English names, like Michael, for example
Emigrants, if they live away for more than 1 full term of parliament, should not be able to vote
Maybe it would sound *"Su Vasario šešioliktają"* ((congratulations) with February 16-th (the congratulations is not said, but implied)) or *"Su nepriklausomybės diena"* ((congratulations ) with independence day).
In Lithuania for example, EU and wish for its membership is the primary reason to end auctions for alcohol licenses, which were a prime method of corruption and monopolism.
Do you live there
Damn thats tough
We had this story where after defeating the evil witch, our hero ties her to his horse, and let's him drag her around the world, so her bones scatter and her brain matter is splattered, and it is said that when you see the snow glistening on a cold winter day, it's the bits of the witches brain that sparkle
Don't know anyone who's actually studied their ancestry.
We go crazy because of basketball instead
This means less monies, no free immigration to
Estonia and Lithuania, both are equally good buddies.
Self defense is logical
As far as I know, it is only eaten in north-eastern Poland, near the border with Belarus and Lithuania (I presume it is also known in those countries, but it is only my guess).
Russia will always be a powerful player in this field, but there are ways that the Baltic states can diminish Russian strength and foster competition between exporters.
Necklace: not sure about this one
On a drying rack next to the sink probably
I like this
Maybe the paper packaged ones are made in LT and plastic packaged in LV ? ... I could swear I read it's made in Latvia on one package, but no matter, HAD SNACK :)
Now that you have made it clear I can connect the dots of info collected over the years
Oh wait, internet copyright law
Do you have a name just for Europe?
The ridiculousness of oversaturarion in this pic takes away from its beauty
Was trying to teach myself some Danish on Duoligo, and just noticed that the word avis means newspaper in Danish
It's a bit different in lithuania
damm
Also nobody I know keeps them in a 0° zone
Nice job nevertheless, especially Turkey.
However, they still remain probably ugliest my seen cities, especially their bus stations
Finland
You do know that Tusk is Pole an was prime minister of Poland for about seven years?
You're Belarussian and you think that
Also, people who have Lithuanian descendants can apply for a Lithuanian passport and still keep theirs, there are more exceptions like that, when you can have dual citizenship, don't remember all of them thought
All the time
Or thay we can't be in NATO for this same reason because this irritates Russia
The accent of people living in Žemaitija(Šiauliai and all around it) as a person from Aukštaitija(Vilnius and north) is REALLY hard to understand
But somehow today you're not allowed to just pick and choose a new word from some adjective or combination of other "real" words, etc
At the same time Germans were oppressing Poles, did they not ?
It's just one more thing to worry about.
What is it with this Russian bogeyman everyone is afraid of?
A snake slithers into her blouse(coding for rape) so she is forced into a marriage with the snake
Another thing that could be interesting: there were only around 200 people from Lithuania who participated in the Nazi initiatives to kill Jews.
Ah, so they're not really mandatory if your family isn't from the believer side
Poland makes shitloads of parts for older cars, they're even cheaper than Taiwan or China
K would have to be ridiculously low for what you said to be true
Maybe not Belarus, but Ukraine certainly, at least economically speaking.
I celebrate Kūčios and Vėlinės like they are described in encyclopedias, and I like basketball when it's Žalgiris or Lithuanian team playing
Simple example I managed to find quickly (Though I will admit its not the best to show my point) [LT: Trauktinė]ė) does not mention that this is a Polish drink like [english version of this page] And just for the sake of the argument its not only Polish drink :( we drink it too and have our own traditions
You've been educated
According to some old legend, people were surprised to finde out that Lithuanians don't look like bears.
Pretty much all of the most famous automatic rifles(AK, AR-15 and various others) are assault rifles
Also, the Lithuanian flag is older than any of those African flags.
Yeah I was going to say during the day not so much
The only 2 countries that we could possibly unite with is Latvia (cause related) and Myanmar
Also Eglė Žalčių karalienė. Sad ending too but also some animals, trees
ą is basically aaa, ę is eee, ė is hard e, į is iii, ų is uuu, ū is hard u, č is ch, š is sh, ž is zh.
※ I meant fridges
Below the flats are every luxury brand known to man
Lithuanians wouldn't put it that way
Wouldnt calling it one of the American states work better
Wtf did the police even say
Going out for food and seeing the empty streets was even worse
Russia basically considers any exercises done in Baltic states as "on the border".
Well, they're surely weren't Russian.
It's like saying "fuck you, move away from the border".
I can't give you an example off the top of my head, but I know a few rare wine merchants that recommended going to Systembolaget for the more expensive alcohol
I don't remember the situation in detail, but a few years back I helped run factories in Poland and Lithuania.
Check if there are lorries on the main road, if not - you have right of way
Metų kamuolį. - ...a ball of the years
us too, I guess
This is fine 5-20
Red lights
Many orthodox American Jews speak for instance Polish and Yiddish in addition to English and the liturgical languages.
Estonia is a baltic state but they seem to have more relations with the north
Sure, come for a visit - wonderful countries
I mean some did, when they got shot down during their air raids
I don't think the development will ever die unless it's a complete flop.
Have you ever thought about what you would do if anything were to happen again
I imagine rather than cutting costs it's cutting effort.
I would expect with high consumption we should definitely have high numbers.
I thought we were friends Estonia!
No need to misuse the word racism.
I think that sense of humour is quite common in much of continental Europe
Still seems like the same name, just that one uses Lithuanian grammar and the other uses German grammar.
If anything you owe us money for the Teutonic State, forcolluding with Lithuania to steal their land!
I know, I just feel like "those Czech and Hungarians are our brothers" is not something I would ever actually hear, or have heard (apart from a general euro thing)
Naivety
Shorter blokes do seem to have issues with their height.
That would technically be closer to the Lithuanian flag..
I went to one of them on my first date eons ago and had this great milk and orange juice drink
Gotta learn how to be happy to not end up like [this] :(
It's like they're reposting same article every month.
well, nationality in this case ment exactly the same as ethnicity
"Your honor, the witness is a dick and influenced by someone with a grudge, thus he should not be believed when saying he clearly saw the defendant violantly beating the victim"
Around 20€ in total in 6 years.
0 - 8 autumn coat
(even with municipal heating systems) Other than that no
I don't feel safe going back to school because COVID cases are going up again in Lithuania (I'm in gymnasium, which is like high school)
Andrius Mamontovas is our national treasure
Also the media ignores this position completely, all mainstream media sources are generally pro federal eu/more control and centralisation.
I've found interpretations suggesting it's a propagandist photo, and some suggesting it wasn't published until the 1980s because the boy is not smiling in the photo, and that's not the idealistic way government wanted Soviet people to be portrayed in
"No"
Sausainis (cookie) - the dry one
Of course not, but this the map of grand dutchy of Lithuania.
Good
2 scumbags of Europe, together
in 8th grade Lithuanian language teacher once complained that some doesn't write in cursive
The competition is tough
Ive lived in many places in lithuania, even the poorest people make huge effort to have their lawn cut, house exterior made clean and tidy, have fences fixed and decorete it all with plants
Yeah
Correlation
They are freed, when given an article of clothing
And the next couple of days are a bit cooler, so that's good
But it's better than nothing for a civilian trying to escape a warzone, like Ukraine
According to internet searches it is Egyptian language, a northern Afro-Asiatic language
One of my best friends had a terrible experience with a public psychologist and now years after she still avoids seeking help
Kinda reminds of some Russian songs with additional English words which make a song a bit incomprehensible
Glad to see it's not only us, good jo
You only need to have your ID so airline staff can make sure you're travelling with your ticket - that's it
2 scumbags of Europe, together
And when it comes to adults, people with really serious issues are ashamed to seek for help because "that's what crazy people do".
Bro, E = mc^2 is not an invention, it's a discovery
In paradox games, I almost always pick my own country (Lithuania) just because it feels nice to feel BIG and STRONK when in reality your country is just an irrelevant backwater.
You can only have one and be full
looks like it could be from PIE -wer, meaning woodland animal
Besides life in Lithuania is far better for average Joe than that in Russia.
Those costumes look like a lot of work to maintain.
Latvian and Lithuanian have a lot of things in common with Slavic languages whether you like that or not.
Words in parentheses are skipped
You rarely see people smoking on the street, but when it gets dark, or they get inside, suddenly someone dissapears for a few minutes every 20 minutes and it changes
I will not feel French, I will not feel South African, it's just impossible.
Beautiful buildings
How is Russia viewed by people in China?
Energy
Edit:spelling
My name is Pedro and me and my family will be going for a small trip at mid July.
Baltic countries are not central europe
You can get by with Russian in major cities.
Whatever country you are born in
And later, after his death, there were discovered 800
If I will drive 200 miles from my city (Riga, Latvia) in any direction I would end up in a different country — Poland, Lithuania, Estonia, Belarus, Russia.
It's not as if I just disagree with those people, but that we live in totally different reality - one where the end of the world is coming, the elites are out to get me so FUCK THEM, and one where yeah, there are problems but surely outright hatred isnt a solution.
I have have very little love for ads.
They want Germany, the Netherlands, the UK or Sweden!
Yes, it happened to me as well
Happy independence day from vilnius
Hahahahahaha
My heart is with the French
They are functional, multiple letters are not functional.
Currently -7°C we are cooler than you :P
Well right wing is all about family values, patriotism, tradition,national culture, careful reforms, yes?
According to a Holocaust survivor’s account published in the German newsmagazine Der Spiegel, Noreika led the extermination of the Jews in the Lithuanian city of Plunge.
I hate coloured tattoo's because I know how impossible it is to remove colour.
Why trains were cancelled
F. ex
*Baltarusija* is the common name for the country
Nieko nenoriu, word by word -  " I don't want nothing " but actually means "I want nothing".
how grian imagines his buildings
The so called "elves" are transparent about what they do and don't pretend to be "Vasilij", "Artur" or "Artyom".
I've even seen in a random country store, where you could buy guns, chicks() and tractor wheels right next to an old household fridge half full of 4 different types of Kerrygold and local butter
Now *that's* fucked up
I guess Lithuanians are known for their legendary chins
Very common here (in houses that don't have a dishwasher)
We call it Lithuanian salad, heh.
In the US, this is the cabinet
Glass and metal is the best material at this time.
Is this a joke or an honest question?
A second choice would be either a bit back, when Algirdas and Kęstutis ruled, or interwar Lithuania, because I just know so little about interwar Lithuania
In all seriousness, I am so sorry for all poles for what your government's been doing, its absolutely disgusting
His position on the euro and stuff like that would be nice.
I would say that Russian is the most common language out of the three
Pizza
A lot of people from different nations can't feel connected to something that doesn't feel "natural" to them.
> Historically we've all been highly influenced by Christianity
As far as I know the green paint is completely safe for the river.
After all we're the same latitude, or even above denmark, which is considered scandinavian
I know like 3 people who actually believe in god
Same with world war two, only Russian minority celebrate it
Lithuanian *is* a difficult language to learn I suppose ...
It's not like they were transplanted there in 1990.
Oh, yeah, Russian media keeps on screaming that January Events were Lithuanian inside job and that Nazi collaborators were behind Lithuanian nationalist movement
Why does this travel take 3 days?
[Don't you lol chubby you are still 27] Though I am surprised we are not on the list with our diet
They may not be Poles, but Brits will either confuse them for Poles, or they will just consider them the same "category" of migrants as Poles.
So nothing game changing
If its practical to live with parents while studying, a person does that
You get christened by your parents and you're christian for life.
Afaik the European Council will hold an extraordinary meeting on Belarus tomorrow
Is it
Exactly the same in Lithuania
I'm not, but I have a LOT of friends who are, and they are very happy for this change as well
My parents own a meat mallet like that (although it's metal), I think it's still fairly common to have, at least among older people
Nah, but seriously we're just kind of a bit grumpy, so please stay happy and bring the happiness here, and don't let anyone to suck it out :)
Unfortunately, the kids are home, too
Come here, Estonia
I saw the same exact person who answered you arguing with some dane.
It will make for a difficult conversation because I am not used to dealing with broken Lithuanian like I am with say, broken English
I actually understand those two much much better than I understand Latvian
When in english class, we would say "A B Book" to one another, because that's how it sounds when you say "Hey, little dick" in Lithuanian.
- I need *click*
Lithuanian ones aren't great by any means, but like every goddamn project in existence here is financed by the EU
Dunno, I bought fresh meat from Lidl a few times now and it was perfectly fine.
The pronunciation and writing of French language are so different.
I'm half polish, half lithuanian
I'm pretty sure most EU countries wanted to economically punish Russia for invading a country so close to home.
Basketball without the US, Spain or Serbia
Same here
With around 3M global speakers Lithuanians can pretty much say whatever they want almost anywhere they want outside of Lithuania
How about every single Eastern European, African, Asian who have hard lives all move to Germany
It's stupidlly warm this winter
Thank you for the information
I think hate crimes are also punished more strongly than regular assaults.
Overall economy has massively grown during these 3 decades, and since 2019, population started rising again
Funnily enough their leader also doesn't take up any major positions in government and is full of funky ideas.
Yes, defence is the new offence.
I heard there are pubs/clubs that have tabletop game evenings, some might allow DnD
Lithuania
Scissors get thrown in it and with paper you cover the well
I mean, asides from all the celebrations that a lot of countries still do, I remember when I was a kid, bread was being sold mostly in unsliced loaves
If it's done by a ethnic Lithuanian it's pretty dickish.
Same in Lithuania
Never seen smaller ones
He lived such an interesting life that I get excited just by reading his biography on Wikipedia.
Truly bruh moments
No please no I just got mixed up.
idk how people survive in France etc
Personal freedom comes close next
While Eesti visits nordic, we join hands with Braliukas and Polen to visit^emigrate^eventually^colonize the west.
We now have a LGBT person in our parliament but it doesn't mean that  gay marriages from now on are legal in Lithuania
[Biplan - Labas Rytas] (Good Morning)
There are similar effects in English, where East Asian lack of grammar is leaking into mainstream English: "Long time no see", "No can do".
"Hate" is strong word that non native speakers use very liberally.
There's better games to play online, I was just talking about real life experiences
Lithuania is the same from my experience, we are kind to non-white people, but behind their backs we talk a lot, mostly because they are so exotic there and when we joke around some jokes are borderline racist, but from my personal experience it was never with ill-intent
No offensive feelings towards germany, even though it was arch- enemy for 300 years
Berlin is my most favourite 1M+ city
Every year is the last time to see this show
Cold (not that comfortable): -15 - -11
Oh, look - Lithuanians think it's summer
get your KEKW's out boys
The definition changed when the majority started using it 'wrong'.
I believe there was an czarist initiative to divide Poles and Lithuanians by banning the latin (Polish) script and introducing the kirilica adapted to Lithuanian language, but this happened much later after GDL.
Besides, times change
In Lithuanian, Saulė - (sun) is a feminine gender, while Mėnulis - (moon) is masculine
If it's a nudist beach it's 99%, if it's a non-nudist beach it's probably like 10-20%.
I'm not butthurt or anything, I love Lithuania and it's people and I feel like those comments are natural.
Euro - 2015
Austrija-Vengrija
* **1527-01-27** The [Battle of Olshanitsa] happened between The Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Crimean Khanate, in which 7 thousand Lithuanian soldiers crushed the twice larger Crimean army
Everyone just seems to think (mostly Americans) that Lithuania is not a country and instead it's a part of Russia and our native language is Russian
Their summers are probably warmer though, depending on how far south you go, and considering that Japan's next to the pacific ocean
I'm not proud with some of the picks, but please don't judge :)
You come in they weight you and determine your tax code for the year.
At the beginning of the war, some 12,000 Jewish refugees fled into Lithuania from Poland; by 1941 the Jewish population of Lithuania had swelled to approximately 250,000, or 10% of the total population.]#Lithuanian_Jews_in_the_Second_World_War)*
Lithuanians think the same, we just don't agree with some romatacized, maybe, not on purpose some historical pop interpratations
Will try to play as Lithuania when I'll have time
Construction has been stopped and restarted three times now, it's still far from completion.
A slimy bigot from what I've seen/heard about him.
But a lot of people also don't like Russia at all, most people are neutral about it because of this facts
We have more people in Ireland than Irish in here
Yeah, our suicidal tendencies are very obvious on the road too
would say this isnt much different from heaven
Baroque is usually associated with the Portuguese "barroco" because it's means (used to mean?) "misshapen pearl".
2 Municipalities in Lithuania have lions as coat of arms.
We keep them in the top shelf of the fridge
Well I understand your reasons for not wanting to learn Russian.
I never pass the opportunity to make a lame joke that they're 'beating their meat' lol
Although they've been this way for the past few centuries, so it's not really abnormal.
The whole court was under a thick cover of smoke, it being around 50 meters from 9 story buildings.
* failed dual nationality referendum due to not enough turnout
haha I can see that
Semantics, the point of my argument is no one googles who won the Lithuanian election except Lithuanians.
I consider Baltic states as northern Europe, but whatever
Alrighty
No worries, since we now have peasants/greens in power we'll be so renewably green that Nords themselves will want to join the baltic club!
Each person knows some amount of other people, let's mark the average amount of people known as K, whatever the number might be
English (started learning in pre-school), some Russian as I have Russian neighbours and I was friends with their kids when growing up, and I understand some Polish/Czech/Slovak because those languages are similar.
Fireworks are sold in almost every shop that has more than 3 cash machines (to give the impression of the shop size).
Come on
Belarus
Can't, quarantine
Where does one even get FB flag?
I followed a lot of the Arab Spring and the aftermath, especially in Egypt
> Pažymeta, kad neblaivus asmuo nepraranda teises gintis
I know what you mean, brits tend to think they're good at it.
We'll get through it
Our last president wasn’t too bad either
In Rome they let you cross the pedestrian crossings
Hard to believe Lithuania is better-off than Portugal
That we play basketball and it's basically our religion
If you're curious, here's university's page that I've talked about:
Eitherway, if danger to life is possible to prove, good luck proving rape in 12 weeks
That's probably true, yet that page currently is quite nice
No, but they didn't have as much to lose from the sanctions, which is the point.
Lithuanian in famous people youtube vids
Afaik, it's up to your own interpretation
Yet somehow every Brit is on a Pole bashing rampage apparently.
Livonia Order was fully absorbed by Teutonic Order after their famous but shameful defeat against pagan Lithuanians in [battle of Saule]
Your idea of western culture is probably best embodied by ISIS, where everyone is a good god-fearing citizen and where there ain't no gender studies courses in universities
My Lithuanian teacher insisted that Kristijonas Donelaitis cannot be called 'kunigas' (priest; all Catholic priests are called 'kunigai'), instead she suggested to use 'pastorius' – despite that Lithuanian Evangelical Lutheran church call their clergy 'kunigai' as well
I, for one, prefer Christians over Muslims.
Of course
The world already is and will be burning, poor people will keep suffering like they always have been
Yes, but they're not looked down upon.
We take Pennsylvania, Lithuanian minority needs some liberation.
I had good lough of this :D
Asking for help is frowned upon
What's so special about it
The terminal prints out a sticker
Some kids ran into parking lot at night and somebody called police on them
I think that Lithuania means more for us, than Slovakia for Czechs
I think the PLC flag looks the coolest, just so many features incorporated into one flag
Everyone had chaos solely because of how disorganized and corrupt soviet union was
Earlier, each tribe had their own language, so understanting every one of them would prove very hard
Maybe it's a goverment plan to slowly, but surely take over the world and turn it into poland, just like in the globe
Not even a word could be understood.
It takes a special kind of person to shoot someone up-close not an average Joe.
In another trip my school director paid for my lunch in Poland
Not a thing
>Culturally, geographically, and socially, we are Eastern European
I think the word itself is loaned from german
don't listen to him little Eesti, you can be whatever you want (◕‿◕✿)
Not that I'm aware of
Ah, making use of the lax corona measures, are we
If he wants to do that in the private sector - he can fuck himself with a copy of Das Kapital, which he so obviously has a hard on for.
Love it
It might blow your mind, but I didn't miss the second most talked about European kerfufle in a decade
Learning Instagram-savviness from Kadyrov, I see.
Aš galiu būti bet kur, bet kuriuo laiko momentu, aš galiu tave nužudyti virš septyniais šimtais skirtingų būdų, ir tai tik mano plikomis rankomis.
All sides will be losers, that's a guarantee that kept the peace in most of the world for the past 75 years.
why
I was 12 when I finally heard about Estonia, Lithuania, etc...
Like words can't describe how bad that system was.
Natural gas isn't that common though, most places which have it are definitely using it, it's very low maitenance, very clean and very cheap.
Better question is why we (Lithuanians) associate Latvians with horse heads and why either you or Latvians have six toes (cant remember which one)
20-29% comfortable
Why would someone want to visit France
It's much clearer if you stick to one way of writting it.
Though it is not really a BIG no no, just big cringe
Usually people also have some 2nd or 3rd foreign language skills, either German or French or Spanish or Polish
Option 6: Europe without a clown like Juncker, please.
Well like our collaborators were not executed when soviets rolled in again.
Why would you ask to come for dinner and not mean it
That is the whole strategy of Lidl, beat the competition at the very lowest tier.
[Oh, Lithuania is by far not the only country Russian Empire lied to.]
Snowflakes will snowflake
It probably isn't worth the effort, but it isn't totally pointless.
Everyone agrees we're a part of baltics, but there are also people that would say the whole of baltics is northern, not nordic, not scandinavian, but northern europe
Cheers to you, mate
civil war when
Driver's licence might be enough to buy booze or something but it's not official ID.
Fuck outta here, for real
Interesting *coughs in 2008*
Purely because it is causing tensions between Nato members and itself.
:) I always dread when Serbia goes against Lithuania, really tough opponent for us, Spain is much easier.
Lithuania has not reintroduced conscription.
No ill intent, just something exciting I guess
Or whatever dried shit is ruining the other one.
You stick the sticker to your parcel and put the parcel in the box
But once there was an opportunity I was so used to carry everything in my backpack I just gave up the idea
Growing up in the 90s, in the crossroad between "East" and "West", had a chance to see many different cartoons including the aforementioned "Ну, погоди!", "Bolek i Lolek", "Biene Maja", "Moomins", "Tom & Jerry" and many more.
So much potential and in the end barely higher standard of living than Romania.
Truckers:
The reality of the situation of Lithuanian collaborators with the Nazi German government is quite a bit more complicated than that.
This map sucks
Not enough and, unfortunately, Arab conquest has pushed us apart
Usually I can say it in English first and then trace it back to Lithuanian but I noticed that sometimes in the middle of the sentence I can’t retrieve any of the words even though I know what I want to say
Also, one of the main sources of differences between the map you linked to and the map of Polish ethnicity from Wikipedia is that your map is based on smaller administrative regions, and the westernmost regions in the ethnicity map have districts that already don't have any poles (but the region as a whole does).
i thought we were bros :(
Where are the lands dedicated for Korea?
They just drive porsches
Oh god that shitshow with children
For some reason I mix up six and eight
My family used to speak Russian, so I couldn't understand them, but they have forgotten it as most of the people I guess in Lithuania who knew Russian
Then you can work on the cultural integration that is so lacking in Western Europe.
At some point I spoke french (self learned) but I lost interest in it, stopped using and now I could barely make a sentence.
EU can't force it's member states to do so, but if the member states decided to do it on their own I don't think there is anything that could stop them
to make sure it wasn't stolen
I understand why Lithuania can be Polish Slovakia, in this Slovak context because Lithuanians were different entity with its own culture and language, but I don't understand how Moldavia fits in this context.
It was 10c at 6
But apparently that doesn't work, it has to be Maestro
> Also, anecdotes aren’t exactly a strong comeback to facts and figures
Yup
We (Memel) defended ourselves with throwing cheese at swedish
The second one is Uno
Someone with no money couldn't pay the bail and wait for the trial out of jail
It's like ~1/4000 lithunians is gonna kill themselves
In my country commercial road taxes apply for pickup trucks, like 300 eur per year.
Luckily not in 2019, since both of the 2nd round candidates were adequate, and the truly bad candidate imo was third
Palys (surname) will take cover, will thin down a little bit, it will rain a little bit
It's hard work but very good for a young person to find friends, both local and immigrant.
Countries like the Ukraine are culturally mentally and geographically more part of Russia than it is of the EU.
Strict weed laws
I guess they know their target audience [very well]
Writing this I remembered, that I have a slavic monster bestiary and I read that, (from legends) there was a basilisk in Vilnius, that people killed, by throwing rūta plants into the basemend that it lived in, becouse allegedly they had anti-magical properties
Good at basketball, amazing potato dumplings and life experience that's getting better time to time
Wireless would reach only about 400mbps
Partizans against USSR occupation used to massively blow themselves up their faces with grenades too so they wouldn't be recognized
Not quality explosives l, but explosives still.
Obviously they're nowhere near as popular as in the US, though
You finish High-school (Abitura) when you're 18-19, and do uni afterwards
And damn it's tasty
he's mixing stuff up, confusing the Don Cossacks and Ukrainian Cossacks.
True
This is fine -5-10
:D Just Latvia or Lithuania or Estonia would be fine.
Few years ago I went to Greece in summer and it was about 34-36 in there and my parents said that it was even hotter in Lithuania during that week (around 38).
Why am i not surprised a Lithuanian made this comment?
šešios žąsys su šešiais žąsyčiais
that goddamn useless pipe near the river or so called art
Or get a Lithuanian to Australia and see their large houses, good infrastructure and high wages.
What would you do with Transnistria and Gagauzia
The Guinness book of world records recognised geographical center of Europe is located near Vilnius, in Girija village
I never ever heard term Litvinism.
Fucking terrible
Vilnius has a LOT
But if this is a repost then sorry.
There's even direct references to different countries, like the von Everec people
It starts with 1939 March when Nazi Germany annexed Lithuanian Klaipėda Region after an ultimatum – that was the last pre-WW2 German annexion
If you need any help, you can write me a PM, or come to r/lithuania , we would be happy to assist you in any matter
Was the ban on alcohol discounts also from them?
Exaples:
This is a deeply sad day for all Parisians and French people, and to an extension the entire world
It's a small town in northern Lithuania called Akmenė.
It's a good way to farm some karma and create a legit-looking account for ad purposes
It's common to hear someone, that watches over and controlls another person a KGB-ist
You mock them but their mainland hills are bigger than ours
>Some people say there are better songs
The most beautiful Old Town in all of Europe
Laesli
For example, Lithuanians don't need to carry the Personal Identity Card or the passport except for the borderland, but crossing any border requires having such document
Latvian and Lithuanian aren't exactly mutually intelligible, though they're the only living Baltic languages.
I feel like our local type of [kebabs] is the staple drunk food here
I disagree
What the fuck, no thanks
Honestly never been there, is it really that bad so people universally agree to this?
Lithuanians used to massively burn themselves when Crusades took castles
It describes experience of walking through oldwood of Anykščiai, and also describes how it was "changed" (cut down) and how the nature struggles and the man (poet) feels about it
Next year it's gonna be a big one
Mercator projection keeps the shapes intact.
He's just kinda forgotten
The same way palestinians throw rocks at jewish tanks
And by the way do you remember the soviet empire?
But they are one of the biggest car companies so I guess they were a bit prepared for shit like that.
Being a superpower brings money, stability, influence, all of which bring what you wish.
There were reports that he landed in helicopter holding AK-47 (if I remember right)
If they have space (unclear from pic) they could put parking in between (car lane|parking|bike lane) which would make more sense
Luckily, being persistent with questions or reading up about what is going on and where you should be sent to next can make you immune from bribe-doctors
It doesn't stay that cold all winter here, but it's not unusual to get a couple of weeks of -20°C. Although even in those periods -20°C and colder is usually night or early morning time temperature, in the day it's more often a few degrees warmer
So Spain, Greece, Germany and UK are culturally the same?
Supermamytės ( super mamas in demunitive)
I dont really see how Paskistan or India could invade russia either
Lithuania-Russia relations are nonexistant anyway
Latvia looks cozy sandwiched between Lithuania and Estonia
Recently, ours street, building was happening
But it is just two totalitarian regimes killing millions because of their leader ambitions
There's no winter here
Uhhh
You could also try looking around in
You mock them but their mainland hills are bigger than ours
He's alt-right, probably an identiterian too.
2010-2012 export blockades that caused 8 hour queue at borders of russia & belarus, making 4 hour checks per truck
Žalgiris being Lithuanian club managed to win finals versus Soviet union army club (which was regarded as best in Soviet union).
So every night the industry crashes to a hault and every morning it's maintenance until the night.
Same, first on the list I know nothing of
I find a different thing more riddiculous.
If anyone bothers to learn even the basics in Lithuanian people are happy and impressed
You can also use a card with a card reader in buses, or you can buy a paper ticket from the bus driver (it's also the most expensive method)
Or just shoes that you don't take outside?
But do I like the lithuanian one
Rest of Europe, why do we have to pull your weight?
I would more call it a mark in history, rather than influence
In private we joke about others, comedians joke about themselves or stereotypes of people
Baltic states, Central
Drevni kocur - CZ squirrel, PL tree cat
I doubt Russia will change to make it better, so I assume that only US has to change to improve relations, question is what are they willing to sacrifice for it (assuming they will try to improve relations, but I kinda doubt that)
Samogitians came into existence due to mass influx of Prussian (the baltic ones not the german ones) and Curonian refugees when the Teutonic Order showed up in the 13th century.
why tho
Railways:
It's not a matter of ignorance, it's a matter of opinion.
Might be bacause I'm colorblind, but that looks pretty far from yellow
Memelland(lithuania Minor) was part of Prussia and Germany.
Link:
If my religion calls for the beheading of someone like you, that does not mean I get exercise those "religious rights", because they infringe on your personal sovereignty.
I myself have British and German nationality, my girlfriend who accompanied me is Lithuanian, I met a Hungarian couple, a few Dutch people and one Dutch person rallied the people with "Bleibt bei ons!" (I am writing it how a German native speaker would try to say it in Dutch).
Old man (*Seni*) from what I gathered this is more of a Vilnius thing rather than whole country, but we call each other old man, as if you used dude or bro in English
Well, that's an unexpected plot twist
Well, somehow I imagine a baby of young eco-friendly parents
In Lithuania, highly depends on the spot
Oi Bulgaria, fuck off and leave the Lithuania flag alone 🇱🇹, it's pretty like their women.
currently it's not even on [m-1 top 40 anymore] it used to be very popular last year though.
The picture I linked says it was formed during ice age.
I mean they are already financing far right parties all over Europe.
Metro lines in Vilnius
>CONSTITUTION
Anyone in favor
Is it
or just pay attention in geography class
Stalin has nothing to do with the appendix
Obviously Serb replied with that.
It is too early to say that positive change has happened
Šventosios Romos Imperija
It's like if Poland would deny heritage of Winged Hussars to Lithuanians.
is the flag of Europe, and Turkey is member of the Council of Europe
raganosis (horn nose) - rhinoceros
Maybe it has to do with traditional dishes
Have you been to the instant soups and sauces aisles in Tesco or Sainsburys
You are not my supervisor
Saaaame
I hope the overall sentiment changes soon since I personally think that country living is charming and I wouldn’t change it for any city :)
The 20% in Lithuania are old people
You concider this a victory
Most people here don't object to this type of names, on the contrary, they're considered beautiful, even if they're unique
Can't tell you about other countries, but you could provide me some data ;)
Usually it's all in good fun, nobody really believes in satan, but then sometimes, very, extremely, rarely, they actually do a "sacrifice" or just murder to prove how evil they are and the society is then all horrified and saying "I cannot believe it happened!".
In most of these countries, it's the PM that wields a considerably larger amount of power compared to the country; while the President is the "good guy" leader of the country who's all happy and smiles, the PM is the "bad guy" so to speak who has to make the difficult policy decisions and anger people with their partisanship
EU elections are far more boring, it's less of a show and it takes much less time and money.
Yes, but apparently it's because migrants are "stealing jobs from French." AKA fuck you and your free market, long live fashism.
So I guess I can say that I was a Romuva Pagan at some point of my life.
Really depends on the parents
They also suggest new "correct" words to use instead of the wrong ones
That first one, are those just sprinkles?
That's interesting
my sister
Well, considering how mad the Lithuanians got after me asking why they chose this shitty African-looking flag, imagine how furious they would get if i had asked instead why did the Africans chose their shitty Lithuanian-looking flags.
well In that case I'd be a musician wandering the country or Polish szlachta, disgraced and disowned for marrying a 10 years younger non-noble musician, on the plus side I still get to ship in hair dye from Denmark so that the age difference wouldn't be as obvious
In some way, maybe, but they're still a little different
Well, the [Polish minority party keeps on trying to ban abortions in Lithuania though]
* Antanas Smetona
However, our City council decided to rely only on buses and trolleybuses by creating exceptional road lines for them
While I like the effort put in, it lacks some Lithuanian-ness in it
/The Lithuanian state is an independent democratic republic
- What's happening to her
I study in a UK university - all the recorded lectures are not Moodle, what they didnt get to record before Easter they took from last year
The King of Naples invaded the Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth in 1678 with a "Claim on Throne" cassus belli.
Stay strong
There are no articles here and they are nightmare for us to understand, often we don't get the purpose of their existance
Gal labiau unarmed
I can only envy you, I was mistaken once for a Russian because of my accent...
* Kęstutis
It's a very weird and unique form of something apple marmalade-like
For instance the word "Paste it" (copy/paste) in lithuanian is "įklijuok", but programmers tend to say "įpasteink" like "į-PASTE-ink", which is not a real word, but we understand its meaning (the last part might have been off topic, but i thought it was interesting :))
Maybe you might bribe someone to not charge you with murder with huge stacks of money, but not for speeding.
Nope doesn't sound like a superstate to me at all.
In school you have to learn English, qnd you can choose Russian, German, or French
The German invasion of Spain ( 8 of August, 2019)
Our enemy from ancient times
Also Eglė Žalčių karalienė. Sad ending too but also some animals, trees
Nah, in our case, they were smuggled from Prussia (which had a large Lithuanian population at that time)
The noise can sound like it's two metres (~6ft) behind you when in reality it's 50 metres
Lmao, it's funny how chapocels call this subreddit fashit cause of this post
I read the names of all these good games, then look back to my home country and cry.
We have suffered enough during 170 years of Russian/Soviet oppression
I heard country maybe once or twice on the radio in Lithuania or in any European country.
No one, and I mean no one, wins this war.
I mean the context always matters, she is definitely not Nazi sympathizer, and the show is totally not serious, it was definitely just a joke for her.
It was a protest for our independence from Soviet Russia
You can imagine two powers pushing two weak pawns to fight and weaken
Cause if not then events in Turkey and now this in one night is really scary :(
Ah, but you assume the objective is for it to repay for itself...
I care that their behaviour is getting unpredictable and they are destroying their relations with their geographically closest allies.
You know, the stuff that mattered to us
Eat, drink, sleep, repeat
Our economy was more agricultural, therefore the soviets didn't need to ship as many foreign workers to fill all the available work spots
Basically, instead of saying "I am certain" he said " I em satan" and instead of saying "I am very pleased" he said "I am vaflyst" and instead of saying "Shoulder to shoulder" he said "Shaude tu shaude". So yeah, our politicians can be a bigger laughing stock than Trump
Why you didn't count every single person in every frame if you want to be this "accurate"?
Russians are the biggest snowflakes
I really liked these classes just because of how creative you can get with your projects
But I like the slope of the Vilnius tree so much...
I had a pleasure to meet Georgia's ambassador in Lithuania during her presentation of her country and Georgian culture.
Those kind of historical economy maps would be more interesting.
Wouldn't it make sense to put it on Calais and not the much wider side of 4he channel
Poor Russian warship, being bullied by tiny Malta.
that we have in the states, and yet were accepted into the EU without fully converging politically.
People can do whatever they want as long as its their own free will that led them to the choice
:D Its hard to make it work in against AI let alone other players (and everyone around is picked and will set historical empires as said by the rules)
* **LVŽS** (49 seats): Rural interests; populist; green-conservatives; centre-right
From driver:
And so is Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden.
Fishing for those minority votes.
I can't really imagine anything else than language.
Remember that all the heavy gear came from Ukrainian army warehouses that the "rebels" captured.
While Vilnius region and most of today's Belarus is the real Lithuania.
Eternally growing wealth is as unrealistic as any other utopia
Yeah
same here, the only problem for me is hot weather
Nope, it's used in the whole country
Šauliai can be translated to paramilitary or militia, and volunteer military force is an equivalent of American National Guard
Hip hop/rap: G&G sindikatas - Muzika kuri saugo; Broliai šaunuoliai, Lilas & Inomine - Karina; Tu privalai skambėt; Viskas
I can smell the rubber
The letter from the Norwegian parliamentarian summarises my thoughts on the ordeal, albeit I'd be more inflammatory
Who else remembers how Kaczyński and his Pis spread fear about Lithuanians coming to Poland to claim back land that used to belong to Lithuania before WW2?
Chills, literal chills
Labas rytas (morning), laba diena (any time of the day), labas vakaras (evening) would be the formal versions, just labas isn't enough and sveikas/sveiki is not at all okay in a formal setting.
Vit Britain leving EU, vy nyd tu praktise nev form uf Engliš!
Haha I'm the same, Lithuanian paternal and Italian maternal
Nothing else
go 3%+ GDP/yr than it is for higly developed countries.
Can you believe the riff raff in Romania
Destruction of these things took place before ww1, then came back after ww2 with stalin
It's more so snow that I have trouble with
I think it's Nemi, a small town, the water from their pipe is a little carbonated and is mineral water
It's a dark comedy about life in a nazi concentration camp
It’s like being lumped into your childhood rapists family tree for life
Probably when Grand Duke Gediminas ruled, although I don't think I've heard anyone describe it as a golden age
In Lithuania he is in the Peasants party which is officially Peasants and Greens Party but realistically it's anything but green
Same, it's not nearly deep enough I can't even float in my bathtub.
I actually meant Lithuanian president.
r/Poland F off from Vilnius and r/Russia just F off in general.
Yeah, that's what I said
Yesterday there was an owl in my neighbourhood, so that was a pleasant little surprise and something for a change of listening
In Lithuania there are 12 years, if you started school at the age of 6 you finish the year you turn 18 + there is mandatory year of kindergarten before school where you learn to read
When and in what context was this foto taken
Well, living next to kaliningrad just became even less fun.
As Y in Yoghurt
Polish roads are nice, but there are not enough high speed motorways
Germany - Vokietija
E.g. Ugnis (LT) vs Agnis (skrt
The building has something like 80 apartments so it's hard to know everyone, but people do say 'good morning' in the elevator if they're in a good mood
>24th December in Lithuania
But what is even more funny is being given a raise because of incompetence.
In last year my class had a window in the schedule, those are not common, but you end up with a free class so do whatever, some went home to eat, others ate at school, sometimes you would spend that time preparing for tests or doing homework
Not talking about any specific issue what would be the point for lets say Czechs to live in a country where they live in an union that makes decisions that only benefit others while Czhechs just foot the bill
Well, if you're in IT it can be 1-2k as you can make 2-3k if you get a job while studying and become senior by 25 which I know a lot of cases of
There were "wild" Cossacks beyond the rapids, they were militarised like, say, Rajputs.
Swedes, Mongols, Lithuanians, Poles, Frenchmen, Germans with their friends...
To some extent, yes
Lithuanian here living in UK, please understand that some of us try to lose it for the sake of clarity, sometimes it's really hard to understand what others are trying to say due to their accent
Shower daily
The first one is simply not having enough money to put away for years or risk on a bet
Swimming next to jellyfishes and some crabs (I dunno what these were)
As mentioned before here, double negative
If it's a dirty gray then it looks very dull.
Evanescence - Bring me to life
But it's far enough, so my family won't nag me to come home more often or bother to visit me.
Lithuania decreases by about 1% of its entire population each year and is in desperate need of workforce.
Uhm
I learnt german it school, didn’t learn much, because I didn’t have motivation back then, but trying to improve it now and it’s not difficult
It was a neighbour until 1945
Usually people also have some 2nd or 3rd foreign language skills, either German or French or Spanish or Polish
Laws here sound like they are in most states in usa, but are actually enforced and there is no gun cult
Its official UK is now USA of Europe.
But don't smile or make eye contact with people who are wearing full Adidas with chains and shit
Is it related to the princess Leia?
Draw a Lithuanian one
Largely similar situation in Lithuania.
Then reintroduce 3rd May constitution with some changes to make it more democratic.
The latter however renounced all claim to it in 1990
Just a reminder that not all smaller numbers are because of Nazi genocide.
With girlfriend we joked about how he wrote down a text in Lithuanian letters and just read it without knowing what he's talking about
Frankly, I've never even imagine going to Finland due to myself living in Lithuania for the majority of my life and travelling feels like it's a mythical beast to me
The locals themselves go to Liepaja beach in Latvia which is filled with Estonians too.
It could either be [dehydrated apples] or "baranka" ([Russian bublik]
Literally on point with Lukashenkos position title
According to Romanucci-Ross, while Mickiewicz called himself a "Lithuanian", in his time the idea of a separate "Lithuanian identity", apart from a "Polish" one, did not exist.
English - green
4 litres)
For some reason we have a saying "calm like a Belgian" (No hidden meaning in this)
It's possible to add lithium to municipal water, but scientists think that it's too dangerous and it should be further researched, to establish the safe level of lithium in drinking water, because at high dosage lithium becomes poison that can even kill you.
Duisburg Murcia are the next ones on the list I haven't heard of
I.e. reverse Egypt ?
The only thing here that even comes close to being serious is the whole anti-vaxxers drama
I've always understood that Latvian and Lithuanian are a bit more similar to each other than Finnish and Estonian.
You can get 3 months of free weekly sessions with a psychologist per year, on top of that you can go to group therapy and group "life skill improvement seminars". Basically you can get 6-9 months of psychological help for free
wish i had these mountains here
Austria
There are sweet ones here too, like chips there are many varieties of sauce to choose from.
Sends a clear message, stay on your side or you get shot or blown up.
I would have to say Anykščiai and Nida are very good places to visit when you are in Lithuania
You don't need a passport to enter
I hate languages have you as tu
Germany -> Vokietija
University (Not Counting Free Universities)
Here we use various methods to make sure that they don't get away
that battle (basically) marked the end of the attempts to christianize Lithuania by the Knights
And no
It should be clear that he's thanking r/de
After that, I will NEVER forget Iceland - MAH GAHD is it stunning
Someone calls up a grandmother and says their grandchild got into an accident and needs money.
your personal notions are irrelevant to factual classifications of ideology.
I think calling us Russians is bad, but that's pure ignorance, at least it has a reason, soviet occupation and all that
"N-Not true communism
It's going to be hell
Stalin = Hitler = Major Genocidal Dickhead
AND the Co-Prince of Andorra
exactly, you have tons of break ins with guns, because you have many guns.
Then we learn about the 1944 invasion of Normandy and the Soviet push west
And it's also Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden's money.
In Wales
2% of Pakistanis are Hindus, so we can roll with that for now.
It's always a big celebration, with music, partying and the general festival stuff
This guy is about 6'2" so technically below average hight hahaha
Jonas' festival in english
Heh, funnily enough I've lived in and/or spent a good amount of time in all of them.
Man, I could not be more wrong - we met many Poles and all of them were great, polite and very helpful (and yes, they new we were Lithuanians, we had some insignia).
Wasn't it recently (a month ago or smth) in the news that the Lithuanian government is going to check up on the officials due to whom Rail Baltic is lagging in Lithuania?
Often speak a mix of Russian and Polish
I mean how stupid can a multi-million dollar company get these days.
>and think we sound Russian
Tips depend on the time you spend here
Russian imperial regime closed university, banned Lithuanian language in public life and even Latin script for Lithuanian language – Lithuanian language was clearly on the brink of extinction in mid 19th century, but the National Revival reversed these trends in late 19th century, allowing for Republic of Lithuania to be established after the WW1
English is presumed for the post-soviet generation(s?)
Very common here (in houses that don't have a dishwasher)
"without any kind of mortar or cement" is a bit misleading isn't it, makes it sound like the bricks are held up with prayers
Lots of the hate crimes are pretty manufactures in my opinion.
I think I like something every year but this one is probably the best since it's so old and I still remember:
Add to it everyone else who allowed flight path over a war zone
, that have more than one widely spoken language
I'd say for women it's Ona (or Onutė) is a more relatable name for the older generation and not popular among young people
We'll get you next year, Russia
Yes, it's known that Piłsudski was born in Lithuania and that his heart is burried in Vilnius but he chose Poland
Starts at 08:30 (one year it was from 9 for some reason)
We had wars with both of [them]#War_against_the_Bermontians).
I think it works well for the most part
Dartixzs kanalas, truckerRimis, amerika kelyje
Serbian Nigger
Yeah now it's probably even worse lol
I think it should smell the same depending on what type of forest you are in ofc
For Example, "Suo valge kate" and "Kate valge suo" both mean "Dog ate cat", but if I translate each word individually I would get
I understand that they are in very strategic location, but at the end of the day NATO is one for all and all for one type of thing and its questionable if others would like to be be for them when one is acting like a douche to everyone else
Small tip for future: if you zoom in then it looks bigger and bigger = better
Otherwise just do what you like and stick with it until sun comes out again
Businesses are doing well, but that's not being transferred to workers.
Lit-land would be pretty Lit too
Saw something in local press, didn't pay too much mind.
Year zero doesn't exist, so the 1st century spans the years AD 1 to AD 100, inclusive, and so on
For 3 out of 4 i'm a very big no
For example, a person (or his parents) has emigrated during a war period/occupation years.
Junkers
Is there a place in Europe left where you would start learning the language "old enough to remember"?
Doing exercises near the border is one thing .Crossing with your exercises into other country's air territory is another
Don't get me wrong, we should help them, but the thing is, we have no idea what happens to those funds when they reach people in charge and how they are going to use them.
> colour
Im very happy that it was cool and fun for you:)
It's made in USA, but filmed in Lithuania and about Lithuania "Tarp pilkų debesų". This film tells us about Soviet deportations
> maybe in Eastern Europe
This is what I like, less power for big countries.
Especially when the entire justification for the ban rests on the idea that the bodies of those other humans are by definition sinful?
Electric boogaloo
I bet your ass we will :D Mark my words, exactly one year later there will be a post about Lithuania in r/europe front page
I've heard about kupała in poland, but I haven't heard it's celebrated anymore
At least I checked Vilnius university and it's 3000-4000€ for 2 years masters degree for foreigners
Napoleon had already lost more than half of his Grand army when he entered Moscow, was cut off from supplies from his military depos in Lithuania, and had been lured deep into Russia against his goals or initial plans, which had been to merely meet the Russian Tsar and his army near Vilnius to defeat them and force the Continental sustem.
Hmm looking for scapegoats I guess.
Labai gražus miestas
Nooo, Latvia will always be our best braliukas <3
I agree to you
06 grams of cannabis in his smoking tray
Depending on the day of the week
If somebody uses a non-existant word or a grammatically incorrect phrase, you will be seen as a subpar human being and will be immediately corrected
Maybe becouse of another city - Lublin
This gave a needed chuckle
Anyone above 30-40 years old definitely knows Russian, but probably not English
Or are we making fun of GB by placing their former colonies close to them?
Lithuania: Vilnius is the default with some movement happening to Kaunas and Klaipėda.
\- You mean like we elect the our elder or the guild master
Top 9 most based countries in the world
Polish language was for Lithuania pretty much what english was and still is for Scotland.
No thank you
What about Moldova
Sobieski should had allowed Ottomans to take Vienna.
That's not the jelly he's asking about.
Look at France, they come in all shapes and colors, but are very demanding about French.
Soviet shadow still poisons our minds, also relogious nuts
Unfortunately it was in a big that got stolen :(
Foreign language skills among working-age Europeans
Vincas Kudirka, writer of national anthem
Russia participated in ruling Ukraine about the time yanukovych came to power, so it's only fair.
Gotta read how its written and how its meant to be understood, not reading between the lines
Also he basically did an outstanding move to destroy some nasty germans during the battle of grunwald(Žalgiris)
They joined to help create a trade block and now the EU is becoming more and more federalist and jingoistic, seeing itself as a superpower and trying to develop a military.
And we're just sitting here, waiting to celebrate our 100^th anniversary for the first and the 28^th anniversary for the second declaration of independence
Edit: and all of them are classified as [developed countries ]
When Western part of the country (Samogitia) imported a very strong, calm and reliable horse breed from Belgium - [Ardennes horse] for heavy work.
Finland is not real
If those waiters hadn't spit in their food before, they definitely did after
* Declaration of Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania on 1990 03 11
By the way it's "Ukraine" the "the" isn't necessary.
I'd even consider same mistake (just on smaller scale ofc) to be made in '90s-10s by Poland
Even NATO in its current form agrees it cannot hold the Baltic in a war with Russia, within 48 hours Lithuania,Latvia,and Estonia will fall.
Everything's clean, people are chill, prices not too bad
How do you manage to keep your physicians in Lithuania?
Oh the biggest Vytautas is Vytautas Šuštauskas
just extra flavour
once it's Chinese companies that are capable of competing on equal footing and want open access to Western markets, expect an about face
Speaking about military commanders, I could write a long list of people who became famous for fighting Germans, Russians, Poles, Mongols, Swedes, Tatars, etc.
Did you mix up Latvia and Lithuania?
The time when Vytautas the Great was in charge, aside from that not much else
Side note - all 3 parties are led by women, while all 3 opposition parties are led by men, something I see to be VERY positive
Can we please continue
The Blatics also might disagree on how engaged with Russia they are, obviously there not gonna come out and say anything of the sort so as not provoke the situation but Lithuania didn't bring back conscription for shits and giggles.
With such wages one can afford to loan for a house, a new car and to travel at least once a year
It does; sometimes I do mix it up with Croatian.
You are suggesting that it would be safer for us to be  demilitarized countries, while it would be absolutely the oposite
Glad you're not overanalyzing it, then.
Isn't new Ladas basically cheaper version of Renault cars (like Dacia)?
There are no “nice” or “happy” days in Lithuania
I've never had to transport anything so big that it wouldn't fit in the back of my car with the seats down, but my first choice would probably be using a carsharing service
Russia has the best requests for PROOFS !
Nopians sure do confuse themselves with Lithuania a lot
So everyone in LT knows that Belgians are calm people.
[Your bitch ass stealing my wifi]
Now gib Suvalki
Considering a 2 week trip of Warsaw, Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia or a trip to Bosnia & Herzegovina, Macedonia, Albania, Montenegro, and Kosovo for the spring.
No training needed, they inherited the knowledge from their fathers who served in the military
I didn't think about that
In my view only snow-white albino people lived there
We can only expect that cooperation to grow further
Edit: the big two cities
It's just a fact, that generally speaking, the war didn't have a point
They were to busy fighting with the Kebab on the second division if I recall correctly
Why people even bother saying don't take of your shoes
Buuuuuut do you know what Hitler's plans for Lithuania were in case the war went the way he wanted?
Lithuanian independence lasted 1991-2004, RIP..
He was only ruler of Kaunas, not whole Lithuania
We have basketball players in Lithuania who are taller than this :D
It was a joke about how people from vilnius see the world
It was probably of the hardest books I ever read
Teutons were a German affiliated religious order, not polish, and they didn't wear hussar armor.
AC 2
Oh and  *Adam Mickiewicz,* the man born in Belarus, spoke in polish, lived in Poland and wrote how beautiful Lithuania is (could be wrong, just remember something like this from school)
Lithuanian here, people tend to believe here that Ukrainian upsurging was just the people's initiative.
In one of its very first independent actions, before even fully breaking free of Moscow, Lithuania’s parliament formally exonerated several Lithuanian nationalists who had collaborated in the Holocaust and had been convicted by Soviet military courts after the war.
Title gives impression that its same train all the way but that isnt the case.
So Le Pen is winning in the group that has a lowest voter turnout in most countries?
Latvian, maybe like 60% when written, spoken less so
Also Latvia, for being bros
20-29% comfortable
So not in the foreseeable future.
Generally, tourism texts include a shitton of such calques
Gotta love the Kremlin's dog brain propaganda
Lithuanian movies portray Lithuania and they are their own special kind of terrible and awful
It's a shame that most of the time if you want something, you have to sacrifice something else for
Morality and decency are the first ideals that go out the window then a sufficiently big crisis hits.
We still will call you Baltic tho
It's way more "Italian", than it is "French" or "German".
But their words are out of place
Its a same case for both of us, yet you see difference when its Russia.
This
That's quite the sausage fest
One thing I hate about Euro coins is that they show people on them.
Sometimes butter, but rarely
That's why you can just scale it up and down.
Europe were stuck in partisan war against USSR rule for next 9
Germany invaded ussr for its great farmlands
You just can't outplay that snake, can you
Dear Austria, who in Estonia, Latvia or Lithuania has ever claimed to be Scandinavian?
In the middle ages
Already hard enough to read, but if someone old from Samogitia starts speaking in their dialect, oh no, can't understand anything
>will we learn both languages
And nowadays Facebook groups make these morons even more plentiful and stubborn
I already speak a bit of Korean and Japanese and I'm kinda good at French, but I'd love to be fluent in them
more baroque and central European looking
Ethnicly homogenous
you can see on the riverside in the second photo, i believe it cost city around 29k euro, and it's truly miserably looking nowadays
Belarus
assuming you include American Samoa in the US stats, but why wouldn't you?!
Heck it does not even fully reflect the situation on rights..
Really cool, would recommend
They're totalitarian dystopian shit hole that massacred and mass starved their own population
\- Yada yada, Yada
Yeah, the cost of living is one of the main reasons why I decided to stay this year and save up
Then it goes to August 1939 with Ribbentrop/Molotov pact, invasion of Poland (including Hitler's offer to invade Poland together and the acceptance of thousands of Polish refugees), 'recovery' of Vilnius and acceptance of Soviet military bases to Lithuania
Don't you see the thousand people stampede we are having each week?
Can't they just suppress the [j] sound at the end
When it comes to electricity, Estonia is largely dependent on few [giant oil shale power plants] (world's largest) in North East.
"Best way to get into D&D is just go to your local gaming or comic book store and -" nope, those don't exist
The power balance exists when the President wants so (like Grybauskaitė)
Well I guess I am staying away from hospitals.
Either way, a cultural change would've happened
Europe has many different definitions already, so it doesn't really matter what borders you actually draw.
I'm done
Had no idea that Russian language had linguistic links to Turkish.
Kind Regards
No we aren't.
My town is known as the largest single community of lithuanians in poland (~75% lithuanian)
> as a global language would just diverge into new languages after a while
One can also say Russians suffered a lot more under the Russian Empire than the Soviet Russia, yet anybody would laugh if somebody says Russian Empire wasn't a Russian state.
If this map shows only brand new car purchase then we will have low numbers just because used car market is big in here.
If you understand what the person says then it's all good.
C'mon guys, stop downvoting people with different opinions...
This is why I hate maps like these
Because we have no data, from my measurements and neighbor data I can estimate that Lithuanian average is 17cm.
During his interview, he broke down crying, saying "oh god why am i like this, god please help me".
More of a loss to all countries
The second world war at least had a point
I just can't unsee that Georgia's number is binary (btw its 20 for less geeky people)
From all the cities I've been to, Copenhagen seemed the closest to a utopia
There are only short-term negative effects.
I don't watch mamy Lithuanian movies
Let's have another 100 or more
Even that is very vaguely enforced.
Pop - Monika Linkytė - Po dangum
Keep fighting against state mafia and the insecure midget that runs it
Same in Lithuania, how we scored above you is mystery to me, maybe abortion thing as discussed above.
Yep, otherwise it would be racist, since Islam is a race.
our country rarely gets into international news media
Love liquorice
Drinking cold drinks from a cup
In my experiences, it's very accurate.
Our wages were pretty low to start with, but Euro kicked in growth for everything
The LSDDP and the LSDP were the same party until a couple of years ago, when some LSDP members split to form the LSDDP
We have a similar one but it's "Until you jump over the ditch don't say hop"
Some families make it like gravad lax
Your age groups should be sufficient IMO.
Out of my final year class, I would say that about 20-30% students had private tutors for at least one subject (most often it was math), having a tutor would help with school exams, but not always
It's a simple bait and switch tactic
I've only ever seen this name in books and even there it's pretty rare
Fun fact - Reich Chancellery was owned by Lithuanian nobleman family Radvilos (Radziwiłł) - very powerful and one of the wealthiest families in Europe - before being acquired by Prussia in 1869
They have some really cool songs, one of their best is "O Kai Saulutė Tekėjo". It's literally a remixed lithuanian folk song, so you can check that out if you want
In Balto-Slavic languages a single case can have even a dozen of different endings
*Seems familiar*
Oh well teach you how you are supposed to live
It isn't a very common practice, but it's ok to do so
Doesn't mean that 25% want to be part of Russia.
I'm from /r/all what are the protests about
Polish is basically only for native poles
I remember having automatically locking doors in the old days, but I don't think they're very common anymore and I personally don't like them at all - if you leave and forget your keys inside and close the door, you're super screwed
But from high school curriculum the start is at 6th (~12 y/o) grade where students get to learn about differences between males and females, a little bit about development of foetus
Yep, but there are people who learn spannish/japanese because they are in interested in culture after spending a lot of time watching soap operas and Anime.
I'm not denying that there are factors other than tariffs, I'm just going with Krugman in saying that there won't be a substantial change in it so it may lead to thinking that it's more, say, about patents, than about actual trade.
You are generalizing it way too much.
Be ware
Basketball: I feel this one is obvious
Not two handles and one tap, but two whole separate taps.
Yeah it's pretty much everywhere
Treachery is sending tanks on civilians, not leaving Soviet union
Poland
Seems like in Russian eyes fascists will never stop to exists as long as there are other countries with other opinions
I wasn't sarcastic tho
Recently, youth paramilitary groups (remind you of anything
People park cars on the grass and still cars are stuffed like fish in a can.
I love how something only concerning gay people isn't decided by gay people
I think Latvia is similar to Lithuania in terms of media, but our politicians have less balls than Grybauskaitė and were mincing words even in 2014.
Probably Poland, because Latvia as a country didn’t exist back then, and it probably started like in 1410 or maybe even before that
Surprisingly you made it even harder to read :D
Wear Communist and Nazi memorablia
Not as cute as Lithuanian ones tho.
correct me if I'm wrong, but in that case water level on the western side should quickly start rising
The same way we have to use English today, it influenced most nations.
The only time such a thing should even be constitutional in the first place is during wartime
See [Duchy of Warsaw] Lithuanians too were hoping for a similar liberation and joined Napoleon's forces.
Nobody would give a shit if you were born in a hospital in Vilnius or somewhere in deep Alaskan permafrost (ok second one sounds a bit cool), as long as you grew up in here, who cares
He promised literally anything an everything in his campaign.
Very beautiful with the snow and very calm.
Everyone knows at least one foreign language.
Private owned channel
I never thought about my country that way
Maaaaaybe in negative/joking context.
But I would say, visit Vilnius and Trakai
This seems very complicated
Roster's foot)
I‘ve heard that drug prices are quite similar in all of Europe
I also always wear leather winter shoes with fur on the inside or mountain shoes
Estonia
but living in Vilnius and after trying hesburger once i do my best to keep out of that place
No but they can do a lot against the tank drivers, grunts and officers when they are chilling in a bar, shopping for food, sleeping and so on.
Mickiewicz gets into the whole confusing thing of what Lithuanian really means.
Sounds accurate
Also, in the end of Poland-Lithuania Commonwealth they created first European Constitution that protected basic human rights.
Heck these days it is probably easier for US to pay it due to low rates.
He differed Samogitians(Balts) and Lithuanians(Belarussians/Poles).
Also it would be hard to give you funds for cooperation development
There is regular police and MP
First in covid
Most of household cats will just learn how to beg for food instead of how to hunt
Nowadays (and originaly) it's what we call belarussians - "gudai" (plural).
(Like other country's wouldn't write ąčęėįįšųū only because I demand it)
I'd like it to be closer to like 23
Bruh
Trump is almost 70, he dyes his hair 100%
You can just play the board games online, but it's not what I'm looking for
(I still call myself feminist just not to give them that power of redefining the word)
And there is a single power that likes to mess with multiple NATO and EU members (like Canada, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Montenegro and Turkey), I'll let you guess what power I'm referring to.
Okay, I want the person who suggested earthquake as the next disaster couple days ago in the r/askreddit to step forward
I'm referring to countries such as Moldova, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovenia, Bosnia, Montenegro, Kosovo, Albania, Macedonia, Georgia, Armenia and even Belarus, which for its size doesn't have a very visible presence.
Poles are richer than Lithuanians.
Your place in those lists pissed me off way more then it should have.
You threatened me with knife after you took our child.
Well Lithuania was celebrating 1000 years in 2009, guess missed the opportunity.
She's very proud of being from the Baltic's, jesus i hear about it everyday.
I have never seen a bike like a Christiana one
[S-senpai.]#/media/File:Lietuvos_kariuomene_1938.Army_of_Lithuania_in1938.jpg)
For some reason they also included us as having "special status" instead of being annexed.
On this day (11 Feb) in 1991 Iceland recognized Lithuanian independence and they were the first country to do so.
In case you don't know, Clash of Civilizations is and long has been /r/badhistory material.
Calling us Slavs, or even Balto-Slavs will give you a black eye.
I was very in support of it before but the businessmen and politicians abused the shit out of it.
During this time people tend to spend free time in malls by going to restaurants and cafes
can't tell in any way so why does it matter.
In school you learn Lithuanian (obviously), English as a first foreign language and a second foreign language - German, Russian or French.
Major cities had a wider variety, but Jews were a significant population.
You probably won't go there, ever, so it makes sense to portray the passports as pretty much equal
I can see Poland as Central Europe, but Lithuania
It is in same loop permanently
Yes, it happened to me as well
He means fridges, we don't have frozen eggs
Certain items, like clubs are legal to have on your property, but you can’t have them on you or in your car if you or your vehicle are not on your property, if caught the items will be confiscated and you will be prosecuted accordingly
Also, ally soldiers were paid, well equipped and fed, while soviet union had farmers fighting with knuckles against machine guns, while being fed a palms worth of scolded grain
Jūrate ( sea goddess)
Everyone is playing the "nazi" card.
Hey, glad you're coming
Drunk people killing each other
Nacionalist does not have to be aggressive towards others
Translation is shit most of the time and normal sounding things in English sound like some wizard spell in Lithuanian
Russian for the soviet generations
Mockus, shortened, deviated version of South-Lithuanian (Dzūkų) name Macas spoken (Matas written), which is lithuanized version of polish surname Mackiewicz, which refers to male name Mateusz aka Mathew/Matt
Sometimes it's just a curfew, where they must return home before 10pm or whatever and check in
2 means
Learned castillano, spoke it daily
Yeah he “agreed” to this new government overhaul
But yeah, everything is from abroad here too, mostly Germany and Poland.
AKA mosquito feeder
The new government made everything worse.
The Lithuanian president is a woman mate ;)
Keep it up
That would do the job and maybe start a war
>Baltics, you're still Russians, right
I don't think I have a big accent compared to others, because I speak english a lot so for me, if there is an accent, I don't even care about it
Part of produce expired and had to be disposed
Mayyyyyyyybe
Later the old town of Tallinn
Against a single unified enemy it wouldn't do as well as the raw numbers would suggest.
among them [Vincas Mykolaitis Putinas] I'm not saying that he has any ties with Lithuania.
I do have a lesson called ancient culture and we’ve covered a little religion in that though
I thought that Dublin was in Poland
I'm just used to everything in my computer being in English since anything else wasn't an option while I was growing up
Yes Scandinavians speak English but they won't want to bother with you constantly speaking in English if you plan to live there.
[Doesn't seem that far off to me.]
That everything about Lithuania is relative to Russia
The noise can sound like it's two metres (~6ft) behind you when in reality it's 50 metres
Vovere in Lithuanian
There are no "saviors' in that battle
Well what do you want to put it on.
anglophone :/
As opposed to Russia where shady trash happens nonstop for over a century
Poor african countries
(I love that, but it's definitely a strong mix of flavours)
It was approached as a study of your cultural heritage
You just have to not throw a tantrum yourself.
Yiddish they don't expect to find, but what's funny is when their Polish is also useless now because the town has become Lithuanian/Ukrainian/whatever.
This is cultural proxomity biased map though
There is a dark joke in this somewhere
there's probably way more tho
So you're more Russians than Swedes or Finns.
[Lietuvininkai we're are born.]
Lithuania is literally number one in EU by this metric
Hardware stores:
afaik most people have them, but they are usually not mentioned whatsoever, unless it's written on official documents
Ah so is that how the Lithuanian alphabet was formed?
lt]
There's plenty of traditions, but some of them include burning giant bonfires, rolling burning wooden wheels from a hill into a lake or a river, unmarried woman making a "vainikas"(something similiar to a crown, except it's made from flowers and various plants), and floating them away on a lake, and perhaps the most notably, searching for a legendary blooming fern plant which is said to give you supernatural powers
It's big and interesting place
* Buying from the driver
I always heard people saying French do not like tourists, but I dunno if it is true so don't take my word for it
[FG-42] is also a good example
THE ADDITION OF MORE LETTERS DOES NOT HELP WITH READABILITY
Would it affect the cultural change, if they returned, not went back, after living a few hundred years in europe
So Gevila's wife would be Gedvilienė literally meaning that she is the wife of Gedvila
&#x200B;
Atom bomb is a very far fetch
Will get some cake
They were starting to pretend that they became a democracy as well, but then Putin became an eternal president somehow.
There are many dialects
That's cuz it's about Lithuania and how Mickevičius misses his homeland after he was exiled.
There are a lot of people living in Lithuania who have very poor Lithuanian language.
Gosh, America dun goofed this time, fellas
They're struggling with right-populism atm, EKRE party is a real shitshow and is more than willing to suppress democratic values
AND the Co-Prince of Andorra
10 euro - 3 packs of chips, 7 cans of beer
In 10th, 11th and 12th grade Political lessons replaced History for one semester.
valient people feel the need to remind everyone that Russia would probably win in a conventional war.
At the end who cares what people enjoy owning
OK, more sofisticated merger: Lithuania+Kaliningrad Oblast :)
Do most people in Ukraine speak Ukrainian or Russian
Also they united at some point (united to extend)
Well could help but I have no clue how your data looks like :( Maybe but it on google docs (make sure we CAN'T edit it)
Later the old town of Tallinn
I am feeling as if I'm losing something of my own
We had only one king as a first bloke to rule, but everyone latter were just Dukes.
(Since 1300) some of the infrastructure in the city center is pretty rough but I like it this way
They got up in the morning, dressed up, stood in line for a good while, voted and then were ignored.
In reality some nations are multiregional like Spain, Italy, France and Germany.
We live in a magical land where populism doesn't exist.
(wouldn't be surprised if they did)
Displaying gun will get you arrested
But where do other countries dry their dishes then, if it's not popular everywhere
After that all he's done is coup d'etat and grave misconduct which culminated in what happened after his death.
All I was saying is that it is IMO not Polish-limited.
(strange circumstances, he was missing for all that time) He came back to Lithuania recently and was driving us to the store, he slowed down before taking a green light, that's how he learned to drive in Russia.
"Not under direct Swedish rule" wouldnt Sigismund III monarch of the united Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth from 1587 to 1632 cover that since he was 100% Swedish?
All of Europe is going to celebrate together with you!
We have a saying "Calm as Belgian" for whatever reason.
I work in the nicest and biggest hotel in the city centre and I could organise some nice trips and sightseeings
Iceland
Its a clear move that Trump is anti EU.
That's why USSR is alive today.
Russia
You can't choose your monarch
In general grammar defines the spelling of the word when phonetically it's not clear
with that kind of money you should plan on visiting Western/Nordic Europe only for a bit, since stuff like beer/transport/sightseeing will eat up most of your money rather quickly.
Obviously this is changing nowadays, but will take some time until they drop to Europe/US levels of reproduction.
There's a basketball, šaltibarščiai, sūrelis, TV tower, mushrooms and one of my favorite Lithuanian books, Dievų Miškas (Forest of Gods)
Oh goodness, I thought you were Latvian and had a little heart attack for a moment
I saw a lot of negative reactions to our cold beetroot soup (cold and pink)
Personally witnessed at least 5 such cases where children from poor alcoholic families made it out to be upper mid class
Probs it's Vytautas the great
Btw, Russian is no official language of EU, so they would need to learn one
Murklė - a synonims for cat, literally means "the one who purrs"
Cold War saw a transition into Civil Wars - Angola, Uganda.
Also Vikings
Ahhh
•Vincas Kudirka (he wrote the national anthem)
Funny enough, one of the biggest shoe shops around in Lithuania is called Danija
Maby Finss are better at detecting depression?
Also, if you wanted to get better care form doctors you had to slip them some money, it still happens sometimes
Happy cake day, fellow Lithuanian
Lithuania never controlled the lands of Swedes and Swedes had minor presence in modern Lithuania as well.
I might be biased because I live near the Latvian border and I have Latvian blood, some guy from Vilnius or Kaunas might feel a deeper connection with Poland, I don't know.
The war was the cause of the Russian revolution, and the Nazis
And a lot of countries did nothing.
Ukraine
Šalčininkai and its region
Potato is quite possibly the least important factor in the price of crisps.
I am 90% sure the joke is that because Lithuania is in the Baltic language group, they will be fine if they sank into the water because can speak the language of the Baltic Sea.
Nothing you do will allow you to forget, nothing except ending it all.
It's not a very good graph if the biggest section is "Others".
I'll occasionally be able to understand a written sentence of Lithuanian, but mostly not.
Cool, how about every Croat moves to Germany
Trakai Island Castle, Lithuania
* Veliky Novgorod – Didysis Naugardas
Šakotis is layered too, the dough is poured on it while it slowly rotates over a fire
In Lithuania we say "Were you born in a bus
I think the word itself is loaned from german
Poland has a larger border with Russia than it does with Lithuania
Welp,
Based on [historical regions]
Virtually everyone learns English in school first.
Looks great
There are trains, but it just does not make any sense to use them if they are always slower than travelling by a car.
Not really, Vilnius was apart of Poland for around 20 years if you don't count the commonwealth
Hold on, you recognize Russia has been doing nothing but ruining your country in the recent history yet you don't want to put sanctions on them after they invaded Ukraine ?
City, never
From Lithuania's and other northernish-central-eastern European countries POV it was extremely stupid NOT TO TAKE All relocated refugees: you get refugees (or 'refugees') witch don't want to stay in your respective country and will leave ASAP plus your rich Euro friends will be happy for your 'cooperation'.
As a person that lives in poland I'd say beautiful is a long stretch
We actually do not have an 'it' neutral words, everything is gendered in the language
Yup
Not nordic, but we have everything nordic countries have, minus surplus money and middle eastern and african people
Lithuanians in Sejny area and Poles in Šalčinininkai will be happy af because of reunification with their ethnic relatives
Right, first you would have to prove 2 + 2 = 5 wrong, which you conveniently fail to do.
Mostar
As far as I understand, there was simply no F and H sound in spoken Lithuanian at all.
Red fancy, Polish, with wax;
And that GDL was started by today's Belarusians.
Vincas Mickevičius-Kapsukas), like Mussolini turned from Commie to Fascist, V.
And the media was reporting every 15 minutes with basically no updates just to get more clicks.
Edit: typos
Well there was a nice [comment in thread about May 3rd Constitution] About interwar and Piłsudski
35 Syrian & Iraqi refugees relocated to Lithuania rented a bus and escaped to Germany
*Ai täh* means *oh what* in finnish
Ghettos are created and more than 200k Litvaks are killed
We just kind of got used to it
>Some people say there are better songs
My first thought was ['Ant Kalno Mūrai'] but 3 milijonai is definitely up there
"Baltic states" may be used for Estonia as well (for some reason).
You must take off your Christmas decorations before that day for some reason.
The guardian fits my views so it should be fine /jk (but I do think its one of the proper news sites)
My yard is behind the times ;_;
And I have only a small fever, its probably a cold
There are nudist beach part where every women for the most part is topless (mostly old ladies go there) and there are women parts of the beach where usually mothers hand around topless
Millions of people **are** dying, billions of infrastructure damage **is** happening and civil wars **have** started because of climate change.
As far as I understood he was traveling through Baltics (and probably Poland) as aftermath of Trumps victory
Hell, if not for the Nordic countries, I'm not sure how far the Baltic States would've gone
I like cepelinai, kugelis and kvass, although I detest šaltibarščiai
Here in Lithuania it's common practice to hit yourself with a bundle of oak branches while baking in the sauna.
I'm planning to do a road trip around the Balkans/central Europe in the next few years, so I'll definitely check it out.
We're no longer communist
Out of my school year of 120 people 3 guys died in three separate car crashes, all before they got 20 years old
Latvia is the most forested in Europe
Definitely without
Russia just happened to get an authoritative leader with hard realist views, lots of baggage and responsibilities.
Depiction of PLC is really interesting: not only Lithuania is marked as independent but also Poland, Prussia, Courlandia and Livonia; Livonia isn't divided between PLC and Sweden, also Poland have a direct access to Black Sea...
" AFAIK, it's the one and true Lithuanian curse word
They might just be useful idiots for Kremlin, but as long as they serve a purpose for them they will get support.
Now imagine the Lithuanians doing this.
I lowkey feel ashamed of the Lithuanian-English Accent
propaganda pusher
I considered going back home or somewhere else, ended up getting another degree in Germany, where I immediately got a good job, and now after almost 5years of living here, I have a good career prospects, fiance and a first baby on the way, so I don't see myself moving back home anytime soon
BMW uh, finds a way
In Lithuania it seems that beer cost will rise significantly in a near future due to reforms from the current parliament.
I think he might be speaking about these [guys]
It may be easier in self-checkouts but we have many small stores without fancy checkouts, where old cashier women would be super tired to think whether you will pay by cash or card and how to round the price
Maybe because it's least known place.
In Estonia this map shows Russian minority as over presented (according to the map that one Estonian posted here).
Well fluctuations like that have happened, but most of them have explanation.
Cat in Latvian, shit in Lithuanian
Poland (I live here), Germany (several visits), Netherlands (a couple of visits), Denmark (a couple of visits), Belgium (a couple of visits), France (one short visit), UK (a couple of visits), Ireland (once), Norway (several visits), Sweden (several visits), Finland (once), Estonia (once), Latvia (once), Lithuania (once), Czech Republic (several visits), Slovakia (several visits), Slovenia (a couple of visits), Austria (once), Italy (once), Spain (once), Bulgaria (one short visit).
Most Jews did not live that way.
Just saying
the quality of the 2017 pic easiliy passes as a 70's pic
Слава Украине!
It's made clear from context :))
Yes
But then that child got murdered and the parliament gathered for a special session to pass this law.
Not necessarily
It was also previously used by Russia in it's initial expansion as well so it's not something that the Soviets thought of themselves.
Hell, if not for the Nordic countries, I'm not sure how far the Baltic States would've gone
Difficulty probably depends where you are from
Well the main idea behind this law is that it helps police to deal with people drinking in the public while creating annoyance to others
I think few days ago we all decided that because you are leaving EU we will change English language to accommodate EU better so its now Ananas.
The US president is under Russian control.
All of these people I know either were metalheads, punks, or had longer hair (as guys)
And those explanations do not help to explain the climate change.
Both of the groups will be known as people who knows what they do, however they also like to indulge in alcohol / energy drinks or both
It's more heartening sometimes to read /r/trufemcels as even that seems more realistic about the role of women
Basically just like every other country in Europe we claimed to have been descended from Romans.
(It would surprise me that they're not, considering I routinely ride out with their cycling team here in NYC
Montenegro -> Juodkalnija
That isex actly the procedure here.
Georgia is doing better this year, but in 2013 and 2014 it was in top 10, although they've indeed made impresive change compared to mid-2000s And Greece has made huge improvement over past five years - it was around 100th place before 2013
And several times when a huge shipment of meat was delivered
This isn't a comparative issue, btw
Best way to name a castle: take a handful of alphabet soup and throw it on the table.
Also it's cold and mental illness is stigmatized
This is done because a lot of Lithuanians like to invest primarily to real estate, so a lot of realtors are now building projects just for them
Now every time polish clubs come to play you will hear - police forces are streghtened, polish cars might be stopped
Totally word to word
I'm fascinated by the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and it's Grand dukes, but I feel a much stronger connection with the Interwar Lithuania/First Independent Republic of Lithuania (1918-1940).
Boi hell no, wish that Lithuania nowadays would be as mighty as the GDL was..
At least in my opinion, being under Soviet Union is not exactly a freedom, independent country per say, but that's my personal opinion
Like, listen to some honest experience of how a Swedish person gets through their week
And this could lead to rise of even more populism in Europe or members just leaving.
Lets hope for this to be just an accident.
Lithuania may have higher gdp only thanks to the massive depopulation and emigration biggest reliance on Dutch money (biggest contributor of EU funds in Europe) and therefore less people to divide the whole gdp.
I don't want to completely trust British press just from the headline, but don't have time to read the full article
They are escaping a war, quite a few are refugees.
The first one wants to get rid of oppression and the latter one wants to succeed more
Solely based on oil exports
Anyways I am not talking about 90s only.
Well I don't think I've heard of that.
well it's Lithuania
I am getting unlimited calls + sms and 1.5GB for 6.99€.
LATVIAN
In Lithuanian as well "BBC" - "Bybysy".
Nacionalist does not have to be aggressive towards others
Turn Comino in to one big solar plant and you are set for life
That is the point, they target those people who would find even this reasonable.
What do you think Greens would do if they actually win the elections
Heyy broli lietuvninke, i dont get it, can you explain please
It's the first Lithuanian movie
Neither does Lithuania
But this was mostly for practice books and lab works, the theory was free from the library or available online.
Shhh
Basically you're saying that all the facts say he was Polish and he also considered himself Polish but be was Lithuanian anyway.
there are no true christians, jews or muslims in the world.
These few times when I went to find information in any normal source about something said by an alt-right redditor it turned out to be overexaggerated/out of context or misinterpreted.
Russia is spreading fake history through tv channels, seeds national hate in social media comments, frequently carries out cyber attacks against our government and business IT systems
I didn't know
None, really
IDK about Latvia, but Lithuania's 3.7 is without Soviet army and stuff.
Given name + Family name
Ah, making use of the lax corona measures, are we
Baltic States closely work together with the Nordic countries, so it's not surprising
This litterally means "to swear" lol
I keep seeing the same post every goddamn protest in totalitarian government regime
I had a very pleasant time there and got fascinated with Georgian culture.
But if we go by the ancestral borders of Poland and Lithuania (before Poland annexed the southern half of Lithuania) Poland got divided by Prussia and Austria while Lithuania got divided by Prussia (a few small slivers east of Königsberg) and Russia.
I am very careful around the words condone and condemn
There are estimates, that the [Holodomor] was \~4 million deaths alone
that is 100 percent true
does it really
That would benefit them more than it would us
I have missed lake Bled since the nazi mods insisted on stricter rules
I'm an immigrant to the UK from Eastern Europe (came pre-EU from my own country) and I voted leave.
Lithuania was the last country in europe to be baptised
Tell me how you are suffering
launching humans to space isnt a product name (like spaceX).
Is that how it actually works in practice
Belgian flag
In Lithuanian there is only a single word - *pavydas*. It's used in every context and so I can never remember which of the two is the correct one to use in English, as I never had a clear separation in my mind
I've never heard a bird sing more beautifully than them
After defeating teutons, we accepted the cross
Of course, it's only like 20 minutes away from a city with like 50000 people
Stuff I learned about Lithuanians from this map...
I hate it
We're talking about Romania here not Lithuania.
My Dutch boyfriend recently moved in to my place in Lithuania
I had no idea which country would work for me, after your explanation I totally agree, Ireland
It really should be in Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Estonian, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Irish, Italian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Maltese, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Slovak, Slovene, Spanish and Swedish
It's not that they aren't "appreciated by the public" but they are just straight up illegal, together with the flag of the soviet union and nazi germany
Vardas Vardenis isn't really used, the modern one is Vardenis Pavardenis.
I've moved a fair bit over Lithuania as a whole, I don't have any real attachment to any bit of it
And we were part of Russia not too long ago
Please define the "Spirituality" you're talking about.
You need an ID card or passport.
Everyone had chaos solely because of how disorganized and corrupt soviet union was
Secondly, although you're right, it's "Reksas" in the nominative, unless you're half-Lithuanized Russian, you would use vocative, so "Reksai, Reksai".
I guess I could argue that it's a bit different because that was 99/100 years ago and the Lithuanian SSR was 25/26 years ago but fair enough.
Don't dive head first
It was even more complicated than that.
thanks for making me feel old and dusted
It sort of correct to us, but I really expected better from Albanians...
That depends on interconnectivity, I think
And military must calculate what could happen, even if it never would.
No investments here, just savings account with zero percent rate
What I find the most interesting is that it holds the water from going upstream (westwards, towards the city), while somehow allowing the downstream flow..
I remember myself really wanting a locker during the 1-7 grade period because I seen them in every cartoon/show/film about school
The post should've said reclaims, not proclaims.
Porn tourism in Germany will spike.
At least 10+ years ago kids in elementary school were able to stay home if it's -20°C and older kids could do so if it's -25°C.
My hill is human rights and ecology thankfully countries in European union ensures that everyone is treated equally (or -ish, I know that there is knicks and hickups but we are trying) and we try to lessen our impact on the planet
It's not shitting on Poland, it's just a fact.
We don't have names like this, but we say these as synonims to "I am going to the toilet":
And an uncle who appropriately hits on all his nieces.
Poland trying to be russian :)
Its sad that kids often need them, but in major cities, schools are quite full so teachers can't dedicate enough attention to everyone
Also, most everyday Europeans are just in their own bubble, they don't understand the American way of life.
• vėplys ( "vėpti" in Lithuanian means "to hang") - walrus
Hear it everywhere
sophisticated culture beforehand as well
Lithuania has some seriously stupid so-called "journalists"!
I'm sure courts have ways of dealing with witnesses
The only reason this "norther europe" concept was recently popularised is for us to be able to say that we're not eastern european.
If situation changes, I don't know if anybody at all would help Greece apart from some odd Serbian volunteers.
yeah but it's not the average citizens that are going to make much of a difference.
Railways:
They teach stuff like that in IT in poland(where I live), so I from what I see it's not bad
>Another stalin's brilliant idea to incite territorial disputes, conflict (about 50km inside belarus teritory are lithuanian villages)
American, asking for Estonians, Lithuanians, and Slovenians
Slovenians just hit different
Their singing is just amazing
Quite old data
Hmm maybe that our language is the oldest in Europe
that is 100 percent true
But if registration does not require ID, account deletion should not require it too
This would be an incestual marriage
I'm not angry, everyone's allowed to have an opinion
And don't forget the natural tendency for rebels to be experts in modern military equipment, especially for heavy technical stuff like tanks or anty air missiles.
But I must admit that it would be weird if Russians (or anyone else) wouldn't call Soviet union as their past/legacy, because after transition everyone would go separate ways and would make me wonder even more on why Soviet union was a thing in the first place if everyone hated it.
well Hungary is only 35th on suicide list on other hand Lithuania was first for many years :(
Then, when the owners house is clean and their life is happy, the kaukai demand any article of clothing as a reward, so it's more of an exchange, as opposed to HP house-elves living as slaves
Original Constitution of 1918 had Vilnius as our capital.
> There’s plenty of high skilled workers fleeing the country because of jobs disappearing
Teaching inhabitants Lithuanian language
Estonia leading, having relatives from north, Lithuania still bragging around how cool they were in the middle ages, having hate-love stepbrother relations with Poland, and Latvia ...
Mine only has very few lockers, in the stairways, and you have to pay for them
Bathing 1-3 times per month
Sorry Suomija, I heard enough from Swedes that you're Eastern Sweden that I start to actually believe it.
For some reason it reminds me of Sims game.
Marozai
I also know a guy from my hometown named Svetogor (sublime)
Why you didn't count every single person in every frame if you want to be this "accurate"?
Except that these people do not come from safe regions!!!
Pagans in Lithuania used to domesticate snakes
"[21] Kalashnikov's team had access to these weapons and had no need to "reinvent the wheel"."
Where and what are these shit ton of natural resources?
Are especially anti-europe, conservative and most importantly - Pro Putin
Lukashenko replies:
Other boulevards are also great for an afternoon out, eating at a restaurant and shopping a little, though it's annoying as fuck to navigate all that space on a night out drinking.
So basically Fins are just swearing all the time on the internet?
It feels almost like sweaty satan's ballsacks here"
I am racist about my parents then too.
I haven't stayed for long in Estonia and Latvia, but Lithuania feels pretty post-Soviet when I've been last time there (2016-2017).
No since Lithuania gained independence in the end of the WW1
We did have access, but not legally
Why do you assume that Belarus will even lean west
Belgium's health minister
In Lithuanian Venezia is Venecija, so pretty close
Forsai is not used these days at all
But those Europe and Europa was interesting just to check
It seems that everyone has brown eyes in the picture.
&#x200B;
But i have my childhood lego and bionicle stash ready for my son
Had we helped out "the threat from the east" would not have existed
Anyone in favor
Lithuania is not doing bad for a country whose Young people have all left
Duck is often served with cranberry jam and goose meat is often used along with pig meat in "zrazai", which are these lithuanian meatballs
And what makes you think like that?
Or play as colonizers
It would certainly add much more to all these discussions and debates on reddit if countries of similar size and population to Estonia would have as many active users in order to make their voices heard.
> spoke, German and had a German family
It's a strange world when a mad dog has the most sense.
It's time consuming as hell and if you start going a few stories up it's also material heavy since you need to build thick walls and inner walls to support the weight.
Turn gay
1) Ok, so do you think that the economies of countries like Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Cyprus, Malta etc etc will ever be comparable in size to Germany's?
Yes but tourist might not know the word, maybe they forgot it.
Kaunas city (trolleybuses and buses):
Like, I'm driving to Ventspils (Latvia) while typing this (I'm in the back seat)
The EU has no right to impose their laws on a non-member.
Only like 100k people in the world speak it
And about the nostalgia - older people kind of get nostalgic about their life back then, but mostly only very old people complain about how it was better in the USSR
What is bizzare is that I never heard in Lithuania "It's like Chinese to me", so I googled, and the only usage of the phrase is in various dictionaries
Tack så mycket
What do you mean at the same time
Chlodnik Litewski is Šaltibarščiai and is known in Lithuania
They're outrageously expensive and bad quality
Alcohol is not sold after 22h in any stores (24hour stores are gone, gas stations can't sell it either).
and the prices are actually excellent.
Lithuanian who doesn't like basketball
Sweden
"The United States is proud to call Lithuania
The only reason to have your shoes on at someones house is if he/she is in the middle of renovating it and it is full off chalk dust or whatever.
We get them when we're baptized, but its rare for  someone to write/say it
It's mostly wood, not solar or anything
Just "velnias".
You don't have any reason to have it.
From my experience, the craziest thing about greece is that all bus drivers are named Yanis
We use the grand duchy flag as our state flag
There is nothing more scary for a tank, than having to worry that an AT4 is lurking around every corner in your average town.
When i go to Lithuania and see all the fancy new roads.
Not yet, atleast not officially, but I really hope it's the second step we take
Defense spending by European NATO allies inches up in 2016
Dubbing tv shows or movies in Lithuanian would serve no purpose...
Fuck hundreds of years of work in human rights to make sure that if someone is wrongfully convicted and evidence comes up disproving his giult later, we can undo it amirite /s
Though generally, to begin living together people move out to a rental or buy their own
It was my first film in cinema ever
We have hanged a sentence from his speech [in a plaque on our capital's town hall]
> So how about restarting this whole Commonwealth thing brothers
Have no idea where else to ask, but is [this] okay
– striving for an open, just, and harmonious civil society and a State under the rule of law,
No source on RO) are the ONLY NATO countries besides Greece UK and USA to fulfill the 2,5% GDP defensive spending treshold.
if there's anything weird in this thread, it's the milk vending machines you guys have!
3] and [47
That is how it works here at least.
let's face it: you're shit today.
Hm, I guess if you've got a knack for it and you don't really care about your future then you could do it, but it doesn't really seem worth it.
But if you'd want to do anything else than international business or tech, Lithuanian at acceptable level is more or less required.
>  Teismas pažymi, kad asmuo turi teise i butinaja ginti
Quotes from wikipedia: "On 15 July 1943, an earlier model of the Sturmgewehr was demonstrated before the People's Commissariat of Arms of the USSR
Thats one nation directly influencing other nation
Due to cold war stigma
) Gendered in Lithuania, so it's mainly girls who learn to cook (while boys learn wood carving and other useless things)
I was taught that they asked to join and then the Soviet Parliament voted to accept them
Visit r/kaimashumor to see what I mean
Very efficient, never going to run out of jobs that way.
Because in Lithuanian nemiga means insomia, and it's a funny name for a metro (or any kind of) station.
Sorry thats my villiger side took over a bit.
Except the bucket is much larger on the military helicopters because they can lift more
In reality region name predates linguistic classification, it has always been a geopolitical term and acctualy initially refered only to Estonia and large part of Latvia.
The ones to find a bike and cycle out of it are deemed worthy to keep
Personaly I still use mail (paštu) or email (el
Even some 20k cities in USA have 6 McDonalds
ITS CALLED LATVIA
So nothing game changing
Though if you look closely, there are subtle, but key different features between russians and ukrainians, lithuanians and belarusians, latvians and estonians, estonians and suomi, italians and greeks, italians and spanish, swedes and norwegians etc
What I meant is: Do Lithuanians drink it?
Watching at them
Respecting nature, not being a dick and so on.
I still find it hard to shake it off sometimes even though I know NO ONE DOES THAT
Maybe that's why the languages split in the beginning?
Some examples of VLKK work includes them trying to ban using English names for computer programes like Excel/Powerpoint
Honestly who wants to place bets on how long will Trump stay in the office before Republicans will have to take a hit and kick him out.
We call it *Vanta*
And thanks to Poland you ain't getting that.
I use it and abuse it
Germany bothered us since 1200ad, devoured and germanized fellow tribe Prussia, then took the name for themselves
Europe doesn't need any "far-" movements.
Taking the region in wouldn't affect Poland as drastically as Lithuania; +2
Well they did send a bunch of equipment to the Kurds, who are the main opposition to the ISIS threat after Assad.
Wouldn't either Viber or World of Tanks qualify as a Belorussian startup?
My friends might sometimes go 'wow, your skin is so white
Ohh
Yeah he “agreed” to this new government overhaul
Or Greece
Paris felt like a really global city, somewhat more elegant than Berlin
Get shots for tick-borne encephalitis
I love how you guys act like you care about it but then want me to get banned and my memes removed the moment I post school shooting meme :)))
Our extra white northen skin turns to lobster red really fast under the Greek sun
He had to get it removed privately
His accent is a joke in itself.
It's unlikely, but every time Trump says the NATO is obsolete, I have this image of Putin thinking "if tomorrow I invade Lithuania, I think the US will not intervene".
With current Lithuanian-Russian relations this would be on the main page of every news site but it not there.
But I've seen people cuting lines and invading people's pesonal space unecessarily while queuing.
Basically, they are in every neighbourhood next to supermarkets
Once alcohol runs out we go to kill ourselves
Looks pretty tasty
Baltic states were allies of Germany
This is not about "choice". It is about some genocidal regime trying to pose themselves as freedom fighters as first comment suggests
It’s not expected at all
Ona (grace)
One Lithuanian truck driver has a youtube channel, posts daily videos about his work
Sincerely, a lithuanian
I started hating most pop artists
I hear it's because with Maestro the transaction from the bank is instantaneous, while with Visa/MasterCard debit, they kind of work on a 'promise'. It's not that the payer doesn't have the money and borrows from the bank like with credit - the payer's money just gets transferred at a later time, when it is convenient for the bank
Always
Not really, all we have is 100 days
There are no "saviors' in that battle
If you seek public help, the records will follow you your whole life
Your idea of western culture is probably best embodied by ISIS, where everyone is a good god-fearing citizen and where there ain't no gender studies courses in universities
Its as if each ethnicity has its own "cliche" features that gives them out
Americans: Sorry, I only understand guns per eagle reservoirs
Not sure about Latvia
(If you want to know something, just message me and I'll try my hardest to help )
So although it might look surprising that some of your peers don't have certain skills, its perfectly normal as those skills are acquired by doing and are not natural to people (like learning how to chew food for example)
>  Estern Europe now because you're all super white
where they have a large (notably Danish) immigrant population...
I like EE, dating a Lithuanian for 4 years.
In his defence, look at poland and abortion laws or most of EE and gay rights.
Well, it kind of is; under the National and Foreign Flags Law of Lithuania it is considered the State (Historical) Flag of Lithuania and is in official use.
As for soviet nostalgia
Mostly because their screens don't crack as much (at least from what I know)
my all time top comment is now a racial slur
Now it's basically just for the locals.
That's the same standard as Estonian Russian gauge railways right now.
Our % of teenagers alcoholics got bigger lmao
I'm pretty sure Polish is closer to Russian than to Lithuanian.
The Commonwealth here isn't looked upon as some sort of "glory days", unlike Poles
Edit: and all of them are classified as [developed countries ]
Brain physics break when trying to think how to explain why one word has different endings, is used in different situations but has similar meaning
Yeah, days before internet and computer.
Islands of Europe - The largest sea island in Lithuania (Kiaulės Nugara / Back of a Pig Island)
Usually comes with milky sauce with fried pork bits
Yes we do, just weirdos on reddit keep showing off their inferiority complex about it
So people acted accordingly
When did Sweden, Poland or Germany last claim the three countries to be their rightful territories
Fricking delicious, best eaten in winter after spending few hours outdoors :)
Nah, its more just historically its supposed to be the drink of all baltic states, not just Lithuania
Not to boast but I feel like Lithuania is doing a better job than Estonia, when it comes to preservation of democracy
Does this exclude private healthcare?
With Jesus we also went to eventually unite with Poland and that is seen as over all negative thing in history as PLC was strong only early on
Going to Poland is a pain
Why
Including the economical problems
Because that was the currency they fought for maybe...
Only reliant now because my new job requires me to travel all over the country with heavy gear
V4 is only Poland, Czechia, Slovakia and Hungary!
In Lithuanian, "nu" is used in similar ways.
If it was up to reddit's Lithuanians conservatives + liberals would've won by a landslide, now they're in opposition.
Lithuanians are all Belarusians, therefore we are all Belarusians and this is the Greatest extent of Belarus.
2nd largest
Some will be kept in jail, if they have a history of running away or if their crime is particularly serious
Those idiots think that this is an insult
I can smell the rubber
Mantas ir Monika - Žemė plokščia
Lithuanian kovas is derived from the noun kovas, referring to a species of bird (Corvus frugilegus), as these birds fly in Lithuania in the beginning of March every year.
And nowadays Facebook groups make these morons even more plentiful and stubborn
Warmongering Lithuania looks at Russia with suspicion
Hi, my name \[is\] John
But they're definitely not going to do that, Ubisoft is quite Vanilla and sticks to the histories that are well-known in the Anglo-sphere, Hellenic period, British empire, Vikings
Its not about who has them more its about their complexity and UK has [this monstrosity] (funnely enough I found it by tryping "Giant ass roundabout" in google)
Riga is such a wonderful city!"
It's too hot even with a T-shirt
Give it time (and oil moneyz, I hear social wellbeing leads to more progressive policies)
Tell me, who wants to attack or invade any part of Russia?
There is a joke from the soviet times, specifically about Chechoslovakia and USSR
They dont mean it to be offensive, just reminding that "the clock is ticking and even if u plan on having kids past 30, you still need to find a suitable partner, be in a relationship for preferably years before that
I remember having automatically locking doors in the old days, but I don't think they're very common anymore and I personally don't like them at all - if you leave and forget your keys inside and close the door, you're super screwed
* where should be the capital
When your BFF stabs you in the back
It looks nothing like it though.
No hate, PLC has nothing to do with me so why bother?
Yes
If you're from a country that allows it, do you like it
Also there are Tatars outside of Tatarstan: Crimea, for example, or Poland/Lithuania/Bielorussia.
Speaking only about LT/PL and LT/LV borders:
Make an widest L as you can with thumb and index
Probably the most well known
Always liked Manchester United’s logo, the colors especially
Call Lithuania nation of 'Jew killers'.
But recently a story blew up in Lithuania about a stepdad who beat his 4 year old stepson repeatedly, ultimately resulting in his death about a month (?) ago.
If a candidate gets more than 60% (this happened in 2009), no second round needed
Ai olsau hev nau klių vat a litueinijan aksent vud saund laik onesly
Sorry for asking but whats up with India in our beautiful map on your right?
While a lot of people who play games (not even hard gamers) quickly understand game controls, there was a video a while back where a guy filmed his girlfriend playing games for the first time and she even had diffuctly understanding movement, even though WSDA seems like the obvious thing (or arrow keys)
I get why people may want to show off their support of the motherland when they go abroad.
Did he not prepare what he was going to ask?
Here it is number 1 or 2 topic on every channel and covered quite extensively
No, because the only languages that are endangered are those that have fewer than 10k speakers, have no legal status, no dedicated media and aren't used as languages of instruction in the education system
The progress for the last ~30 years was basically 0
Pizza
So it would be kinda odd to let them do that.
Vytautas the great, (i think thats how it translates)
I had a broken leg three years ago.
The guy got killed by nazis, the nazis are the problem
Oh, so now it's us and not "the true Lithuanians" Belorussians?
Each of the places in the Soviet Union had their own flag, such as the Lithuanian SSR; can be found here whereas if you stepped onto British India, it would showcase the British flag, likewise for other colonies.
So yes, alcohol is part of the problem, but not the main factor.
Also this might be the court case you are thinking of:  A man shot 4 unarmed attackers while not sober, one of them died, and it was ruled justified self defense
They have to keep up images after all.
There are a ton of variables known and unknown that are interacting to give us this wonky weather.
Besides, I find it satisfying pronouncing things properly, especially smooth R instead of rolled one
Kibinas, Čeburėkas (local-ish)
Most of what has been done has been the work of NGOs and individuals.
In your country, do women in close circle (mom, daughter, sister, grandma etc) talk about their experience being pregnant and giving birth
Well we've played huge roleplay in holocaust because of the amount of jews that lived in Lithuania,we wanted to end up living with nazis,but instead we were communist country for 50 years and if weren't communist country we would be as rich as finland
I doubt they would decrease the safety level.
Only when I had access to the internet, and learned english, years later, did I understand that this word is offensive
Taking even part of it has no real value for Russia
The actual attack on heating system is stupid by all standards, don't get me wrong there
Oh no
Not being recognized as a distinct language, in many aspects it is less protected than Russian, Lithuanian or any other language native to a significant part of our population.
That's why my comment on where Rockstar is from, you reacted like that
The only language that retains similarities with ancient sanskrit and these words are being used daily so you know
Suicide is our national pastime.
Well, it does have potatoes, right?
I have never been stopped on these borders
That's the straightest nonsense bullshit I ever heard
It literally makes me vomit, it's like jello, but made of meat
OK, whatever, let the UK burn if that's what they want
Latvian and Lithuanian are a weird pair because they are very similar grammatically, but very different in terms of pronunciation and most vocabulary.
\- Yeah all that and even the king and the dukes
Fuck yeah we get Netherlands, jackpot
It was fun af
We also have a preamble:
Malta
In Lithuania we say "pakratyti kojas" which is to shake your legs in English
Sometimes I love it, other times I feel perplexed how many people are just unable to be dynamic about situations
First movie was a long time ago.
Uhm actually Estonia was classified as Northern Europe together with Latvia and Lithuania, so nothing to muhahah about :D
Russia and most of their people are not the problem.
Erm what debate is there
Lets all help Germans to live in peace!
So among the russian speaking part of the country we have an anecdote
People still think mobile phones give you cancer, but smoking doesn't.
The 40% rise is due to more expensive vegetables all over the world (plus only SOME types of vegetables got more expensive due to bad production years).
You see a difference between a state investing into companies, buying/creating them outright and nationalising/seizing companies that belong to other people, whilst firing most of their trained staff, preventing their owners from entering the coubtry and replacing them with government agents
But you do want the migrants, you invited them with open arms.
But [wolves] and vampires can't live together.
I grew up in one of those
Looks like Lithuanians just won't feel comfortable in general
And it still is kind of muddy story.
1 euro used to equal to 3.5 lithuanian litas.
Apparently it really is a Lithuanian saying, as all articles are questioning why this saying exists in Lithuania.
But we never identified as Mongol or Manchu, in fact, it was the opposite that they assimilated into us.
Some speculate that 90% of Vilniečiai have never been outside Vilnius
Please explain how things that we do INSIDE our country give the right to Russia to cross our airspace
Passport is a symbol of sovereignity, EU is not a country and EU citizenship is only complimentary to national one
Kölsch, Lithuanian and Potawomi languages are the only ones using the letter "ė".
Forgetting to close the doors: "Are you born in the bus
When I was arround like in 1-7 grade, there where no lockers
[?] It has more to do with Russian press ban and Poland being in "personal union" with Russian Empire so they had cultural autonomy.
Only one from my class knew too
(Probanly only ok in Russia anyways) and/or any russian propaganda really
Northern (Baltic) Crusades, Battle of Grunwald, we with Poland transformed TO into Prussia and set a beginning of state that eventually will unify Germany.
Also Lithuanian, Latvian and Estonian, although in lithuanian you normally say ačiū, which means thanks, but saying ačiū tau(thank you), is not a mistake
Lithuanian here, there are 2 limits on our motorways
You can only show your gun if you are in a dangerous situation and are willing to use it
I really like the flow and the sound of it.
For all plastic bottles and cans there’s an Extra 10 cent fee, BUT if it has a “deposit sticker” then u can deposit it at a recycling box and you will get kinda like a coupon check which you can give to cashiers, and they will give u 10 cents
It basically means "In the center of a pond, a bowl floats, in the bowl, bark/crust floats".
But its good
We don't have meaningful areas that have a linguistic Estonian, Lithuanian or Belarussian majority.
* Gorbachev, glastnost, perestroika
I know that you're not familiar with a lot of the lithuanian history, I am not Familiar with the estonian history, but you calling this dumb would insult a lot of people in lithuania, so you know
Still the fact that it weights almost 4 tons is amazing.
I don't watch lithuanian youtube, becouse most videos are garbage
Does anyone actually call it "Baden-Baden" in everyday speech or does everyone just use "Baden"?
• Algirdas
You can connect the hoses to the tap any way you want, the connectors are identical.
I mean how many are given away every year, cost of one, is everything in the package locally made (aka made in Finland)?
So approach anybody if needed, ofcourse younger people speak better
If somebody owns a board game, more likely than not, it's going to be Alias
'Give me a drink' in bar scenes
I'd say if things start heating up towards that date, don't listen to people who tell you not to celebrate prematurely, because you might just miss it entirely
There's a video about it
Ffs can yo at least wait for Trump to get in power before calling him an autocrat?
We do that and Lithiania once again extends from Baltic sea to the Black sea
To be fair, it will take at least half a day to construct one
Same here
Do Estonians and Latvians consider themselves much more closely related culturally than to Lithuanians?
And we culturally are very little in common with countries like Romania and most Eastern European countries and us being labeled as easterners comes from Soviet union times and it's heritage so it's not surprising that we are moving forward from that association.
I'm not praising the guy who died
There is only one way for them to credibly replace that alliance and that is nuclear weapons on a hair trigger ready to be launched the moment Estonia, Latvia, or Lithuania can't be defended anymore by conventional means.
Can anyone give any source where Britain invaded Lithuania?
We'll be the dysfunctional Belgians with good beer, Lithuania can be the rasta Dutch and you be the small cute Luxembourgese.
It is sad how no one talks about the Baltic languages
Then Poland, Hungary, Slovakia.
Camping in countryside
* Everything about cars and driving.
Least we could do is support it morally even if it adds nothing to the cause
Amen man
To be fair ours is purely on Youtube
Are they doing so to prevent people from escaping to Russia?
In Putins Russia you buy GRAD rockets in duty free.
Aciu visi
Sometimes im the summer it does get a bit dry, but in this case I think it's just a filter on these photos
I was today years old when I found out that not only Lithuania have it considered as our national instrument
It's a simple bait and switch tactic
Memories twisted by nostalgia, really
The other source (I didn't read this one) claimed that ESA discovered first 3 planets, and then asked for help, so it should be at least in the title.
don't you get inches when buying tv or any other device with big screen?
Nothing really
Nice to meet you
According to them, only the Nazis committed genocide in history
Interpretations differ because of misunderstanding of the role of the King in Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
I would already feel this, I have to say - an attack on Lithuania or the Czech Republic wouldn't just be an attack on some distant country.
Von Mises, Hayek, and many others.
No we don't I just wrote colours that I would use if we used folders lmao
Got through with a mix of Russian and German.
"train doesn't wait for those who shit"
Mainly some English names, like Michael, for example
By the way, it might seem like there's not a lot of data on any of the plans, but since Telia merged with Teo Group ( largest telecom, internet and cable provider in Lithuania), with each plan you get unlimited Wi-Fi access covering most of the capital anyways
I am glad that future of your country now in hands of its people
Smaller town hospitals are also supposedly worse, though I've heard at least one good review.
I dodged a bullet, I came back from there two weeks ago
As a bonus we would have a new wall and could define other side of the wall (aka Eastern Europe) as Australia.
I don't even know what sort of accent I have
I was in the Northern European Cooperation for Sex Education, my first ever international event of International Federation of Medical Students Associations
Apparently you can also have rocky beaches
Putin once said that there are only 1 million of Lithuanians and that million is already leaving the country
I have never saw US made food in shops, appliances are manufactured mostly in Asia (or sometimes in Europe), doubt I will favor American car over European or Asian ones.
/r/Latvia is offering /r/Lithuania an alliance
Chilly: -5 - 5
The optimistic scenario is Finland and the pessimistic scenario is Uruguay (ending up the same as we are today)
First - Eurovision, now here
Well yeah, no shit, Sherlock, Lithuania is richer than Ukraine (who is the most poorest country in the Europe right now).
We have one big one too english translation is poor, but good enough to get the info
You think you won't get taken advantage of ?
Of course you can have a gun for self-defence, but it is limited to licence holders only, not every looney that spontaneously decides to get one in a Walmart
That's why people like Putin want you to think a Chechnya warlord who believes in Sharia and has personally beheaded people is the same as the Flint Michigan scandal.
Interesting, how many Lithuanians were there in Prussia?
translation: -Ričardas so what's happening why are you not getting along with your mom
What a fool I was to think that the heatwave is coming to an end
We used to have these in a lot of stores, but smaller, several years back.
10¹² - trilijonas
Tuvinians themselves asked the Russian Emperor to annex them
As for them being backwards - it depends on how you’re judging
This is not how you into Nordics, Estonia/Latvia/Lithuania.
Daily reminder: Poland still have higher GDP growth than Lithuania despite stagnation in structural investments.
Doing exercises on how to attack is a very different one
Lithuanian:
Coal mining and burning is a disaster.
\- Yeah like that
(Lithuania) I'm (F) asking because I realized that not one woman in my family or close circles has ever spoken about their pregnancy or labor
I personally never use the Lithuanian wikipedia
Excatly, that's why we need NATO soldiers here, they are detterent from possible attack, look at Georgia, Ukraine, Moldova, not being in NATO is only asking to be occupied.
what would this achieve besides everyone being more suspicious of them?
My relatives strongly suffered from the Soviets and I'm not a Russophile, together I am fluent in 3-4 foreign languages
Well, my main concerns are living conditions and language of studies
Not the best source but you could find some data.
Labas, mano vardas Jonas
For consumers accuracy doesn't matter much and that's all that Galileo delivers.
su kuciom :D
There was some dumb bitch running around sick, spreading corona in the bars
I want to congrats all Lithuanian redditors, here the declaration of Lithuanian independence.
The whole population is 2.9 million citizens (it was 3.7 in 1990), and 23 thousand emigrated in the first half of 2016 alone (during the same period only 7.9 thousand returned to live here).
The amount of nazi defenders in this comment section, wtf
Serbia: I'm about to do a pro gamer move
I'd even consider same mistake (just on smaller scale ofc) to be made in '90s-10s by Poland
Taste cepelinai and saltibarsciai
Alternatively, EU could unite around the Dutch and hit Turkey with temporary economic sanctions.
People help improve the country
I use Oriflame ones since my mother is a dealer, they work well.
There are also quite a lot of foreign students in Lithuania, from North Africa as well.
I believe cows will have their return.
Do you have any idea how many drugs and conditions can cause those results ?
Western Europe didn't exploit shit.
Some people don't like appearance of Zeppelins (they are delicious tho
However, "home economics" is mostly tied to "home maintenance" or "workshop", economics is tied to IT classes (at least it was in my school)
We're even below Sweden, sooo why not
You're just dealing with the consequences.
Well not really
Lithuanian here, right after you start 5th grade you choose if you want to go to "ethics" classes once a week or "religion" classes instead.
If you want to build cheap and eco friendly look in to straw bale or cob construction.
And we'll be waiting for you next year
[Here's] an example, and [here's] another one.
It turns out they had something in common after all :) I thought she was a simple, typical pop star.
Officially, yeah it does, but there are no stops at the border, so unofficially you don't.
the thing with catholic church is that there is no escape button.
Mm now that you said it
Isn't that Canadian spelling
Klaipėda is ours as well, and we live in a pretty successful country
Swiss bank accounts, Souther European weather and food, UK's neighboring countries
**One of us
Everything possible, but the main focus is on basketball teams (they are crushing us in this regard)
Or would that be very rare to find
Extradict criminals who ran over people during January Events.
Finish is one of the most beautiful languages in my opinion, I really like it
A lot of steps have already been taken, as far as I know.
Well Afrikaans is closer to Dutch than English
This shit became a stereotype after the gypsy expansion in 2000's.
Makes sense, then
AH SHIT I SLIPE
The [Watzmann mountain] was in full view from our private terrace, but it wasn't even mentioned in the description
German troops, tanks on way to Lithuania for NATO mission
lithuanian, french, english, dutch, german, spanish, latvian and estonian
Usually comes with milky sauce with fried pork bits
>"apsišaukėlis" (impostor, pretender)
Poland, Russia, Estonia
That being said I've never seen anyone suggest Poland to take it
• vėplys ( "vėpti" in Lithuanian means "to hang") - walrus
> To the bang bang boogie, say up jump the boogie,
You increase security and offer good education.
Korean, Japanese and French
It is much more cool to have a passport that only 3 million people have, not 513 million
if only history was teached this way, people would be way more interested
The most typical one though is imo Šiauliai, even though i am not sure
The Roman history of the region is surprisingly fascinating, like the Jugurtha incident
You have to live for some years in the country
To be perfectly honest Khmelnytsky didn't see Ukraine part of Russia either and was basically cheated by Russian monarch.
It is impossible to say, but consider the fact that every post-Soviet state underwent economic and political turbulence after the collapse of the USSR.
As for international companies, that's just a consequence of our economy growing and the world realizing we exist
If there is a single man(there isn’t, it was a team effort) that is deserving the name of the inventor of the atomic, it was probably Robert Oppenheimer
Everything is very on point, well done
Jokes on them, having Panevėžys be under Lithuania is the only way to safely guard and prevent a great evil from being unleashed to this planet.
THE BEST CITY EVER (biased because I'm from it) people here think they like art and jazz very much
There's a saying in lithuanian that goes "neapeina" or "neapeina man". It roughly translates to "it's not walking around", although it means "i don't care".
but that war wasn't about conquering Lithuania
Maybe this Soviet thing still prevails because it's a very ethnically mixed neighborhood?
[Here] are the pictures
[Our river is kinda in a vally] and I think it is this deep trough out all the city (not sure though)
Lithuania:
stonks
Lots of jewish people returned to israel after WW2
I am not denying the fact that Baltic languages came from the same language as Slavic ones.
To those that think it could never happen again, look at eastern Ukraine and Crimea
I'm actually cringing writing this right now
We are all just stuck here to escape the meaninglessness of our lives or to waste time while we should be doing something valuable like working or studying.
I like you
Monaco, Monaco
Not really
Half of Poles and Romanians and probably huge majority of Lithuanians, Latvians and Estonians are believing that too.
It's fun as fuck, especially with steel targets.
what about this
A young new devil starts working his first day in hell.
Multi-stage rockets and heavily influenced the field of artilery
Obesity among the post-Soviet generation isn't widespread, it's actually fairly rare and the "Healthy at any size" movement isn't sticking
In our family (Lithuania) every Christmas Eve we watch "Merry Christmas Mr Bean". It's hilarious every year
Alcohol ban in Lithuanian Parliament (Seimas): Members of parliament have to stay sober
I just think this relationship in the EU is very one-sided.
Feel quite proud of it for some reason
I heard somewhere that you can use that massive 1200 mAh to start a diesel engine in the winter or use the flashlight for metal welding
all expert in all fields says that russia is an example of authoritarianism.
\- Why do you need a Ministry of Maritime affairs
Basically people of Vilnius being foreigners.
I think either Paradox did it or maybe a youtuber called Arumba did with around 30 people.
Those good guys at least secured Crimea from the baddies (who are the baddies again?)
It constantly makes various internet listicles as one of the "Top 10 most bizarre places in the world" or something like that.
Lithuania was and has always been represented by Vytis (a guy on a horse).
The city skylines are ruined by the shitload of square buildings, but there probably isn't a post-soviet country that doesn't have those
* having ticket card that can be topped up with money or weekly/monthly/yearly passes online, in kiosks and supermarkets
Can you link any of them
Not very strong sounding name for sure
"Incitement to violence towards certain groups" is a punishable offence on the internet.
The claim was filled by the Red Cross.
Total worth is up to 2k€ i guess
Ghettos and drug lords ignore gun laws.
Estonians have Finns, Lithuanians do their own thing with mad banter with the Poles.
there are too many kebab countries
Operating secret US CIA torture prisons within our country
No, not common
School starts at 8, one school hour is 45 minutes, but our breaks are longer
Luxembourg ain't in there, but that just means that Lithuania can reassert its own Grand Duchy.
Poland makes shitloads of parts for older cars, they're even cheaper than Taiwan or China
Sad to see that:)
Considering that Lithuania did produce more Russia exports, and that Finland has approx 5 times the land area, Lithuania lost much more due to the embargo.
"Barbora Radvilaitė" (about a duchess
As an engineer, it wouls be very useful to learn german, swedish and french
Poland is not the best friend of Lithuania after constant accusations of us mistreating the Polish
Like how most Chinatowns not only in the US but also in Europe are filled with Cantonese speakers, even of a particular dialect you'll be hard pressed to actually come across in China.
:( But what about income, I am happy - more than half of it comes straight to saving account and I use it for big buys and vacation travels, and for what is left I live pretty comfortable
I know what Peasant means (though thanks for the explanation, Its a good habit to have in a subreddit where for many, English is not there first language).
NATO still benefits everyone because we dont know who will need help so it benefits me to defend you now rather than face enemies alone
Not necessary
I am honestly amazed how homophobic Lithuania is
my country Lithuania joined EU in 2004 we joined a trading block with few more benefits
summer is half rain half wearing sweater with a couple of days 20°C+
• šikšnosparnis ( leather feathers or belt feathers) - bat
I don't have much knowledge about car engines, but in that case there would be no fuel injection only air right
A lot of countries next to the baltic sea have something about sweden in them
I'm also interested in geography so I at least know the differences between the countries although I forget a lot
Haven't seen 30+ in months I think
Looks magical
Yemen has less guns than US per 100 people yet is in a civil war at the moment.
You can have ads in designated places in cities like Vilnius, but those places are reserved by big billboard agencies, so only bigger companies can afford to advertise on city billboards
Also this is nationwide so not like I am the only one practising it
Those can be used as vans, I don't know how you get it reclassified though.
Well, diaspora in Europe usually have susch rights as well
Next time before posting please be more considerate and try not to offend the far right segment of our subscribers.
In many places Stolichnaya and Stoli are actually Latvian
This is probably southern Europe or exclusively French thing.
It is our mutual interest to have russians living very well and having a global-example government
The problem is, we are too different and the EU is too far away emotionally.
Yeah, but at that time it was already filled with Russian.
It's like saying be thankful for rapist not killing you, just raping you, now be friends.
The geologic history how it can exist.
Oh look it's almost like he wants to look like a badguy, complete with a snarky henchwoman.
Russia – they still are keen on aggressive rhetoric towards us, we are extremely vigilant towards them
10^12 Trilijonas
6x30eur for just one way trip, then find a place for 6 people to stay...
We had a referendum recently where we voted for allowance of dual citizenship
just answer the question you coward
"Lol you can't compare all communists to Stalin
Labas rytas :)
As far as I know modern russia is mostly a descend of The Kievan Rus, so modern day Ukrain
And you don't have anything to offer them, you will have a hard time finding a job.
Preferably on Lithuanian alcohol such as [Starka] [Krupnik] [Herba Devynia] or just some good old fashioned ["Lighthouse" Beer]
Targeted almost entirely at kids, since it contains so much sugar.
In Latvian like in Lithuanian there is also "is".
From kiosk:
Especially from far away, for example I'm originally from Rokiškis, going to Palanga on a bus is just...
It was, perhaps, the most obvious coup in recent history.
I've only seen that Russia should keep it, Lithuania should take it, Germany should take it back
Yea
You've answered the question yourself
Bit of a selfish worldview, no?
Plus the large population of Polish in Vilnius probably comes from the Polish forcefully taking over Vilnius, so you can probably see were the disliking of them by some people (not me) come from
I am feeling as if I'm losing something of my own
It's now more russian:D
If they are straight Polish, it is very likely that the person is from South-Eastern Lithuania
us too, I guess
Stockholm, Sweden
* Adomas Mickevičius
They are our brothers from another mother, and I'd say in many ways I feel way more close with them then I have ever felt with Lithuanians, even taking ethnicity and language into account.
For a senior software engineer (~8 years of experience) the average is around 3000€ per month net, but there are many opportunities to earn significantly more by working remotely
They gotta raise their own standards for food
Good at basketball, amazing potato dumplings and life experience that's getting better time to time
All of these people I know either were metalheads, punks, or had longer hair (as guys)
You're comparing absolute numbers of countries that have very different sizes and populations
Laying them flat on the ground doesn't work nearly as well.
We sure did troll them really hard in social media :)
Also if someone does this on internet then its even better, because I noticed myself that I have a habit of skipping words when typing (no clue why I do that and only notice it after rereading my old comments)
We get them when we're baptized, but its rare for  someone to write/say it
Maybe they will get some electric buses like Palanga
The party was probably not aware of the fact.
Never seen something more cringe
Montenegro - Juodkalnija (literally)
Here people do have do have extra pair of slippers for guests.
Never had a package stolen
that's more reasonable since most people would know it by it's english name
Settle in Romania
Something like what USA did to local Asians during WW2, rather than extermination camps of Nazis
But here, a new language, and the absence of articles in my native tongue is shining through again
This means our national defence policy(irrelevance) is working.
I would say it'd be not helping Novgorod fight Muscovy
Taxi drivers for example know every single street in my city (3rd largest by population)
Have you ever asked yourself why nobody protests when your country shelters a fraud-bankrupt bank owners, poisoning people in display of power, defending an autoritarian regime leader who used chemical weapons on civils multiple times, claiming to willingly ignore mutual assured destruction and use nuclear weapons if putin sees it beneficial
And these two are divided into subdialects: Samogitian is divided into West, North and South; Aukštaitian into West (Suvalkiečiai), South (Dzūkai) and East.
", the most common national one I can think of is "Po venių!"
Meat and cucumber
You need to learn the pronunciation of those letters (which isn't that hard actually) (also "C" in Lithuanian is pronounced like "Ts")
Yeah, he should try something less noticeable like Hatler or Hetler
Kestutis ( patient)
People don't realise how rich these cultures are and can't see past old towns
There are millions of people believing the stupid sharia law, if there weren't there wouldn't be scandals in UK and Sweden.
Bischen
However, if more and more people have access to the internet and use it daily, a global language could be "held together" in a sense, with language shifts not happening in only one place, but also spreading through the entire world
It is our mutual interest to have russians living very well and having a global-example government
Lithuania is Building a Convention Center Over Vilna's Jewish Cemetery.
Yeah, and "bad" can actually mean "good".
However, with no threat of war, they have the green light.
Germany bothered us since 1200ad, devoured and germanized fellow tribe Prussia, then took the name for themselves
I wonder who made this and if they had any agenda behind it.
The russian goverment literally killed 13 unarmed people and injured a lot more
You can
Yeah
If a goverment didn't managed to achieve anything in 4 years then they are awful goverment and should not be voted in again...
I don't know what to think after this
Obesity among the post-Soviet generation isn't widespread, it's actually fairly rare and the "Healthy at any size" movement isn't sticking
To be honest, way too many
Full on civil wars are no longer that common, Iraq, Syrian and Yemen being exceptions, not the norm.
motherfucker
EU should continue to "unburden" the most pressured camps by receiving "approved" refugees.
Both of the groups will be known as people who knows what they do, however they also like to indulge in alcohol / energy drinks or both
* Parliamentary and presidential elections
Just some louder voices on the right.
Russia just likes to talk random sh*t, because the more time passes the less relevant they become everyday.
Of course same does not extend in most cases to serfs
My own Gymnasium I finished was modernized insanely and improved because of EU funds.
So please fuck off with your narrative that we should be thankful for Russia letting us go.
Skirmantas, probably because it's a Lithuanian slang for an upper part of the butt crack
Lower pound probably helped with that.
Communist party shifting side to pro-independence in December 1989
Hmm I actually have met people whom want that here
Freshly cooked starting wage is about 900/m, well above national average
It was a neighbour until 1945
You can only show your gun if you are in a dangerous situation and are willing to use it
Maybe you don’t even have this game
There were reports that he landed in helicopter holding AK-47 (if I remember right)
I'm pretty sure, that the Germans were the first to recognize the 1918 February 16th declaration of independence
Not really, they had cultural superiority but not political
In post soviet world (well at least in Lithuania) it is looked a bit negatively, because during soviet type you would be called in to service if you are not accepted into university, so there is still a left over stigma of being a bit "dump" associated with military service, but now it's slowly disappearing
It was the same powerplant as in Chernobyl so I guess for security reasons.
So a Latvian could buy nauda from Suomija and gain so much nauda while shopping in Lithuania, because the more nauda Latvian fella earns from his farm business = the more potatoes he can buy.
What makes you say that
They just recently started ceding the control, because they are in total shambles
All that doesn't sound like Finland at all :)
My pop spent a decade in the Russian north and used to say that there are two countries inside Russia: the good people ('russkaja dusha') and the evil government ('rak')
We moved our one ministry to Kaunas, būt that was super hard
There's a fair number of them in the suburbs, not so many in the city itself
We have sea but we don’t have mountains, it’s all flat
Some kids ran into parking lot at night and somebody called police on them
Russian minority is much smaller in Lithuania.
Tongues of animals (haven't met anyone who's not disgusted)
That's a very simplified view of currency.
* **LSDDP** (11 seats): Social democracy; pro-EU; centre-left
It has been European thing for long before US existed.
By candy you clearly meant those three sex shops right across the border right
Tak til Jonatan for telling me this one
The article claims that there were complaints about 'too much Jewish-themed content' from the Polish ambassador - that is only half of a sentence and rather a poor translation.
and in relation to not being able to support a child the parents could just give the baby up for adoption rather than denying it life.
Of course, then there is this Jedzinski guy - [
Was there 2 months ago, was still in pretty bad condition.
Lithuanian, bread is eaten by hand unless you made it realllly unmanageable by cooking it in some way.
So for lithuanian it would be "Vviollinn", or "Vvikkttorry".
In my opinion, by the time that Europe is even ready for such a decision, national borders and the like, especially between Western countries, will become so irrelevant that the question will become redundant.
Also all capitalists are exactly like slave owners"
Lithuania in the XIV-XV centuries, when it covered lands streaching from the Baltic to the Black sea
Plenty of colorful variations too
woah, wtf, you wouldn't want any power to do that, especially usa or ussr, I'm a communist, but i hate tankies/totalitarians, and have seen the flaws they made, and it angers me to see that people paint communism as 1 ideology, Preety much as saying that all right wingers are nazis
If stepping aside from jokes, then we should say thanks to Brits for helping us with our independence and integration to the west.
You are suggesting that it would be safer for us to be  demilitarized countries, while it would be absolutely the oposite
Lithuania:
No, at least I always thought of Lithuania as belonging to Eastern Europe
A ship land on some unknown shore
Great roads, tidy towns, lots of businesses and farms, lots of work places, etc.
Also Lithuania and every second African flag
Doing defensive exercises is one thing
exists
Hey
No idea wether we or Belarussians came up first or just happened at the same time.
Heck these days it is hard to tell how much fossil fuel based energy generation costs because of very complicated subsidy chain in the production cycle and global market.
From 1990 till around 2008 we talked alot about Swedish economic system and how Lithuania should seek "Swedish model".
but without Europe, those countries would not have advanced over the pre-medieval civilisation which they had before colonialisation
My favourite thing about them is how nuanced they are.
Then I started learning English and realised that it could be worse :) Still, I don't think I ever used Plusquamperfekt after finishing secondary school.
Maybe becouse of another city - Lublin
If we talk about Lihuania as a successor of the baltic culture (for example, the [old prussians just like many other baltic tribes]#/media/File:Baltic_Tribes_c_1200.svg) were ethno-linguistically very close to the lithuanians) then the whole Karaliaučius enclave (rus.
Also my dad is polish so in some family gatherings they speak polish.
Lithuania is independent for 103 years now
[Mountain trolls can't melt Žečpospolita steel.]
There are probably differences between estonian and lithuanian mentlaities that make our opinions differ
Well time to flood the fields with blood and set a forest on fire.
No, Germany, you can not have Memel back, either you take the whole Lithuania or no deal.
I'm from Lithuania, and the emigration (most popular destinations: the UK, Norway, Germany, Sweden, Ireland, Denmark; Spain was popular once too) is still rampant.
Apparently, you're *only just* correct!
land in estonia or finland, applying for russian visa can suck and moscow is like REALLY far from any european country.
In a number of places in west EU
Roasted veggie medley in England is probably of the most varied that I tried (the inclusion of parsnips is uncommon elsewhere in Europe)
Most people just walk around with their neutral resting face
LiEsLa
post-Soviet Latvia, […] Lithuania
[british expedition in arctic]
it's a Dzūkijos thing
10⁹ - milijardas
Yep, I started using it less when my uni changed and it used outlook instead of Gmail, but nonetheless I catch myself saying / "atsiųsiu tau gmailą" / . Especially to friends
The Lithuanian language has two dialects: Aukštaičių (Aukštaitian, Highland Lithuanian) and Žemaičių/Žemaitiu (Samogitian, Lowland Lithuanian).
It is cited as one of the reasons why Republic of Poland-Lithuania colapsed.
It’s not the polish people I’m talking about
Then that means, on average, the amount of people that are separated by 3 degrees from you will be K^(3), while 6 degrees would be K^(6)
3% compared to ~25% (current day)
Will it flood the city if this thing is not here?
Alus
Nom   gen   gen   nom   future
Well yeah, but looking back 20 years and you see huge progress everywhere, so there really is nothing special compared to any other european country
What Is Life Really Like In Lithuania?
It's also an old French name
Reminds me of the [video of a football match (LIT-UKR)] where Lithuanians chanted for Ukraine and Ukrainians for Lithuania
Like I can buy a kitchen door and fittings in US and bring that to my house in Lithuania and fit it without worrying
Depends on the context
We start learning English in second grade and by that time I could read well and speak a little
Because unlike Greeks and Slavic Macedonians, you're one and same.
Maybe in Lithuania, in PL it's 120 EUR ticket or 1200 EUR if it went to court and it's rarely enforced.
I'm afraid money is a problem
But Ryga is Lithuanian word for a city.
The king didn't really care who technically his lands belong to as long if he rules over them anyway :)
English jesus christ, I don't know how can you go to army without knowing English.
Yes, but population has been growing in Kaunas, Vilnius and Klaipėda because old people who mainly live in villages die and young people migrate to the big cities
Possibly it would be best to privatize/dismantle everything and start over.
And you people have been repeating that every 5 minutes for like the last three years.
If norway would top oildrilling the prices would increase, now oil price is only 50usd per barrel which oil community is not happy about it, they want to be more
I constantly use buses to get around for university, so usually use a public transport app where you can buy tickets on your phone and activate them whenever you go in a bus
Been there many times, almost no differences between us
are we talking about the same poland?
If you mark minority languages in Lithuania with different colors, then you should do it elsewhere as well.
Me and my brother can maintain a conversation in english.
If we get rid of ų we should get rid of other nasal vowels as well(and maybe change y to ī)
There are exceptions to this rule like Lithuania, but basketball is the most popular in Mediterranean countries: Spain, former Yugoslavia, Greece, Turkey, Italy, France, Germany.
Nordic Crusades probably, would fit their theme as well
Well in this subReddit everyone know that.
I've not seen much past explaining that it's not meant for purposes that Russian news claim it to be for.
is the discussion of islamic threat only allowed when it takes lives ?
Latvian
Absolute majority of Lithuanians don't have an American accent.
This is traditionally served with some kind of vegetable broth
Though you can eat it alone
"Keikti
Many people might see that as some kind of badge of honor though
bruh
They can do that if they want to - I can see areas where using black models in the Baltics could be very effective in generating publicity.
And exactly what do you suggest the EU should do about it
You either live in a bubble or don't give a fuck.
Those wooden house are considered to be historical value (but seriously fuck them, that whole part is so undeveloped in basic understructure that one might thing he went to 17 century village and they are about to slaughter some bigs) And the center is empty just because there is nothing to do there, most of clubs and bars are in the old town.
On other hand, joining the NATO reduces the chance of these countries becoming targets of conventional war because they have the deterrent that both Ukraine and Georgia lacked
I fail to see the problem
I wonder what makes people do such things.
This is true of Western Europe, but it really isn't true of Eastern Europe.
Doesn't the oppressed minority always side with the agressor?
Happened to my parents once, once to me too
I do kinda want it
Then we allied with Poland to form the Republic of Kingdom of Poland and Grand Duchy of Lithuania, first noble democracy in the world that would be the first country in Europe to adopt a constitution.
Today i finally realized I live in an alternative reality compared to roughly 58 million Americans, 52% of the electorate that voted for Brexit and roughly 30% of the general European population.
Das gay
And if it makes islam extremists squeal in the process, that's a bonus IMO
In 2019 I sometimes had a proper meal in the morning and most of the time at dinner
Point 2: To be fair not a lot of countries have their own category on some *specific* websites
If Russia wants Baltics all it has to do is sit, wait and encourage more migration.
The European Detroit
No, majority of us never goes to a Latvian or Lithuanian beach!
Macron, the rest would rally behind him as it tends to happen with anyone who ends up against a Le Pen in round 2
is 999 actual Lithuanian thing or only export thing?
It’s just meat, covered by a THICC layer of dough and cooked, when you bite in, all of the meat juices come out
I tried to learn Russian but it was too difficult for me at the time
I hate it and it's fucking everywhere
And several times when a huge shipment of meat was delivered
Girls and boys switch for one year in grade 8 or 9
We did have a couple earthquakes through history, mainly do to big earthquakes happening somewhere else and shock wave traveling to us through the whole planet.
never knew that georgians were considered highly educated and literate (don't take it as an offence) Nice map overall.
Let me try to find it, I seem to remember reading it on Reddit a couple of months ago.
I've never heard a bird sing more beautifully than them
The greatest time of history of Poland in XVII c.
Party leader is an agriculture tycoon who imports nasty Russian fertilizer and drives an Escalade
I'd even guess that in the next 120 years all the people that are alive now will be dead.
I refuse to say Czechia when I'm talking in English because it just sounds wrong.
I took science for the first three years, which alternated between 40 minutes one day and 80 minutes the next day, but didn't take it in my final year
Doesn't matter, wheter they returned, or went there
Same here, only we say - į sveikatą!
(According to my guide book you can just walk until a Russian guard probably stops you, wonder if that's true).
But isn't it a reasonable thing to do to abolish racial divide?
They have interesting political system and their history is deep and awesome, how they able to keep Principality, and  i mean they survived so many wars Napoleonic Wars, Austro-Prussian War, WW1 and WW2
They're going big on lowest price
Tatars in Poland, Lithuania, are well integrated, Bosniaks, despite issues, are no where near the radicalisation levels we see in Algerians and Morroccans.
I was LIVID
6 - šeši,
Living near Klaipėda, Lithuania
Would like to read more about it
Because I don't see any other way for Russia to have better relations with US.
She was sitting next to him in tram.
Nieko nenoriu, word by word -  " I don't want nothing " but actually means "I want nothing".
Bet tu nesusilaikei, negalėjai, ir dabar tu už tai užmokėsi atitinkamai, šunsnuki.
*- Where are you guys based
It was my cheapest ever visited European city (with metro ticket for 8 UAH)
I'm building myself a timber frame/cob house that costs less than what the company is offering and if nothing bad (fire/flood/structural collapse) will happen it should last longer than I will.
Can I get a copy of some mountain please
Do you mean traditional or contemporary cultures?
You won't be able to eliminate all accidents no matter what you do.
I bought a white-red-white flag and got a picture holding it near the central Lenin
Watched basketball in an arena to support the boys
Basically any word that because of grammar and various word particles can be translated only as a whole phrase instead of a single word.
wack
We consume the 2nd largest amount of pure alcohol (12
After soviet union it seemed like a bad idea to have a bright red flag.
2) Vytautas gets his crown earlier and GDL becomes the Kingdom of Lithuania
Just look at his other comments.
Even though we think that everything basic on a PC is intuitive it actually is not for first time users so unless they HAD to learn it either in school of out of need to do something, most people don't know a lot about computers
Taip ir maniau, jog Šalčininkai bus paminėti
Welsh: Cwrw
It’s a completely different argument to emigration
East West Europe division still stands, former communist countries are still poor and different from capitalist economically and socially, cold war and cold war after party that we have today, pop culture of ww2.
Definitely Monaco
Lithuanians aren't slavic (said it before triggered Lithuanians)
In the 1800s there were significant Polish and Lithuanian minorities in the region
It's really odd
Don't even need a boat to do so.
Our government, let alone people don't want to endanger themselves, what we see in Sweden, France, Germany is more than enough to not take large mass of people without any ID's.
If anyone is wondering what are those dark parts further away, its just forest/park in the middle of the city
>– having created the State of Lithuania many centuries ago,
Did you know that in Rukla the refugees were not given a single Lithuanian language lesson?
I constantly use buses to get around for university, so usually use a public transport app where you can buy tickets on your phone and activate them whenever you go in a bus
Spain, Lithuania, and Sweden are in the tornado danger zone.
Native:
We got snow over here in Rokiškis, not much, but some.
I'm suicidal half of the time, I can barely make eye contact with anyone, let alone live with 30 guys in a single room
With its capital in Königsberg, it existed at the same time as Poland and the Margraviate of Brandenburg.
At least show the second movie on Christmas, I find it super Christmassy
[Kostas Smoriginas - Paukščiai] (Birds)
GET OUT OF MY BOG
There was a huge, huuuge public outcry, a lot of people kind of pressured the new parliament to actually do something and so they banned all violence
As a Lithuanian I can confirm that the president is much more scarier to fight than any bodyguard
Look at all these people rich and masochistic enough to use butter as a spread.
In civilisation I don't really have a specific most common pick, I play whatever country I feel like playing at the time.
It feels like it is only a shell, a facade, that mainstream politicians are trying to put upfront.
Part of pro White house is pro EU.
Don't come to Lithuania to eat pizza.
20 million people dead and you think this is a victory
Nation
They have interesting political system and their history is deep and awesome, how they able to keep Principality, and  i mean they survived so many wars Napoleonic Wars, Austro-Prussian War, WW1 and WW2
Eating frites
Me thinks we need an international investigation on this to confirm whether they grow or not, and why
I also took classes like psychology, sociology, art, graphic design, art history, politics, children's literature, countercultural studies, photography, stocks/investing, and criminal law, but those all lasted for either only a year or half a year because they were just electives not main subjects
(Eye roll)
You get the content but don't even consider paying for it.
"Sun" city
Why couldn't some populist Dutch party start questioning being in NATO when in times of war they will need to work with people who are declaring open hostility to them?
My family did that rarely
Basically it was the allies, with soviet union as human shield to soak the bullets
I'm from the Baltics and the sentence about us didn't annoy me at all
On a serious note, Lithuanians are extremely overprotective of the native tongue.
If you did register with ID then its fine to ask for it when deleting
Home because of a very similar city layout to my city, foreign because i couldn't understand anyone
I like bacon, and I like Lithuania more than I like Germany or Sweden.
This is banned in Lithuania (or just in Vilnius) and I support it
Physics - white
I also find the letter combination  -ths (months)  impossible to pronounce
Keep it up
as of traditions from GDL we are fine with any religion you choose
Just two bloody regimes killing own people
When we entered the restaurant we noticed that it was quite crowded and surprise surprise we saw the same ambassador there.
They were on the side of Germans initially.
It describes experience of walking through oldwood of Anykščiai, and also describes how it was "changed" (cut down) and how the nature struggles and the man (poet) feels about it
Just to give you some of the highlights
The opposition was put in mental institutions.
One thing that surprised me when I was in Greece (Crete) is that during my one week stay I only got one receipt after buying something from a shop.
Shhh
I like the German flag on the right
In Lithuania, you can almost always pay your OA publishing fees by asking for a grant from the Science Council of Lithuania.
101, 102, 103
I think it's normal
Mostar
If you need any help, you can write me a PM, or come to r/lithuania , we would be happy to assist you in any matter
I forgot to add Šiauliai to this list
Most popular herb in certain country?
8 years later Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth would fall and Tsarist cultural oppression would start.
" AFAIK, it's the one and true Lithuanian curse word
Those metrics have nothing to do with 'cultural closeness'.
> There’s plenty of high skilled workers fleeing the country because of jobs disappearing
Sometimes only motorways, sometimes km, somtimes monthly/yearly.
As far as I know Russia said multiple times that they are not Soviet union and if they do they will have to pay big as fines to former soviet countries.
And let's not forget corruption
Depends on the sentence but pretty underatandable
Polish dairy products are uneatable (at least those we get here in Lithuania).
Of course there's always some private schools that allow it, dont check the gp records, bc they get paid well for that child and sometimes something happens, but its easily contained
Hello, my name John, pleasureful to acquaint
Doesn't have to be the same opinion.
I thought this for a VERY long time since I'd heard a lot of African singers singing in French and some other reasons I can't remember
We already have extremely wealthy dynasties that basically live in a different planet with different rules
Nothing has changed yet
I had a feeling there is something going on...
Majority of people living in Šalčininkai region consider themselves to be polish
It's "Kurva
Vilnius lives up to the amount of hype it gets, i.e.
About every folk tale
Man, I WAS wondering why Bayern is spelled like that
Also they probably think that they love sea
Ha, how's that feel Fake Countrians?
Eh, bird language is more commonly used in this context than Chinese
EU should share responsibility for Crimea annexation, Lithuanian foreign minister says
Such a big country and just now
Oh yes
In Lithuanian it's voverė :)
They also have I believe the second highest hser base in the eu in lithiuania + favorable laws, so I thought that they started here
Make an widest L as you can with thumb and index
I do earn above average though and I invest into the stock market, something that only around 2% of locals do in Lithuania
How come I if I want to fly to the US the price suddenly jumps to £500 ?
After tax it's something along the lines of 380 eur/mo
You can basically imagine the origin, where two people meet, point to the sky and say 'debesis' both interpreting differently on what the person was pointing at.
You can change currencies online freely, and manipulate with your money (up to 1000£ per month) in any way you like with no fees
Also racist about climate change deniers.
Those can fit most large purchases
that was my first trip abroad, saw the Malbork Castle
And ignore the fact that the visa process is already a brutal and long process, especially for the banned nations and deny already existing visa holders as well.
I hate basketball
I suspect it will go away when Lithuanian becomes dominant out of sheer use
Wonder if this is only for mass-produced energy or for heating a single house too.
Was she bad
Whaaaat
Hopefully you guys won't end up like Ukraine
Happy independence day, mano broliuk.
N. M. gindamasis nuo pavojingo kesinimosi neperženge butinosios ginties ribu, todel, remianti BK 28 str
It's not very touristy because there isn't much to do apart from eat locally smoked fresh fish.
But that ping tho
translation: -Ričardas so what's happening why are you not getting along with your mom
Its something people constructs for themselves.
This way of thinking led to the creation of the Soviet Union, that is why I created this parralel.
That somehow makes me feel better about my country, and that is a very rare feeling
However if all involved parties seeks understanding communication is indeed possible
From where you (plurar or formal) / you (singular informal) are
All of those people looked the same, had the same names and language.
Who orders like that
I'm not sure if other languages have this, but we have words that can only be plural
Distinction between unmarried (without headscarf) and married (with headscarf) women
It's a really poetical, and not really a historical term, but it can be used to describe someone that doesn't know their place in the world
Here is one from [Bergen] at least.
This is how all renovations of older buildings in Europe should look like
Czechia is at 87% of EU-28 average (Eurostat, 2015), Slovenia's at 83%, Estonia - 75%, Lithuania - 75%, Slovakia - 77%.
Or is it too "private"?
I hate words like rural or rare
How common in your country to write in cursive?
and also remembering how great of a country we were, then feeling sad about how small we've became in the end
Or just anything Swedish in General
However, there are no Germany right to the west – only after \~600 km
Turkey
Correct me if I'm wrong but seems like your source is of some non governmental survey where most participants were young, educated, living in cities with more than 200k inhabitants.
It is just too big, to drive through, I would prefer a boat
Alytus is heavy industry:
But this will just escalate the problem even more
This part of Europe has potential.
Russia
The older ones have had to be upgraded as well to fit EU requirements.
What if someone were to say that they were surprised that a Muslim did something charitable.
But you must admit, fire over your neighbors roof is a calming view.
Lithuanians mostly go for exotic and warm places e.g.
Stalin has nothing to do with the appendix
Don't you dare leave us behind again.
I live in the same space you do, the internet.
I also have a few where you can choose how much the top part opens, so you can leave just a crack, for a little bit of ventilation at night
I was working within diplomacy within Lithuania and a lot of NGO workers and journalists were kind of tired about the whole "Sweden is so dangerous" rhetoric in their country since Lithuania's murder rate is almost five times as high as Sweden's (and that said, Lithuania is a safe country, we're talking different grades of very safe, in actual numbers).
But I didn't want to ruin the rare happy/nice moments in a customer service call either, so I was always conflicted what to say
As long as we don't mix too much we're good.
So is Kaliningrad's standard better than the Lithuanian one?
I also live in Lithuania
It's 30 EUR now
lol she does sound like a nut job :D
We would cause nuclear war as we have NATO battalions stationed here
Kinda agree with you but at least police would have a reason to force someone to move or something.
There are a lot of English-language medicine programs, but I'm not sure if any of them are cheap.
No, but again it's probably possible to buy it here
Is there any tension between the Swiss-Germans and the Romandes
Daily greeting if any interaction is going to happen
Like how many nations did Red Army freed
funny thing, I took the book today from my school's library for Lithuanian class
If Jesus became king that can only mean that God died???
Also, our former president Adamkus lived in Chicago and joined the United States Environmental Protection Agency at its inception in 1970, working in Cincinnati.
They're crispy, soft, sweet, salty and very delicious
Why the 'fake rape' story against German NATO forces fell flat in Lithuania
It's better to not drive, not climb ladders, not climb stairs, not breathe.
Most people know that there are various dialects from general knowledge
In Munich, Pence will hold a series of meetings with leaders, including German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, and leaders from Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
I indeed became slightly more suicidal when i moved to Sweden
Sure, absolutely true
But why you guys and Belarusians like to shop in EU?
I use my student ID with integrated ticket as there are the least hassle, I only need to buy a 55 € yearly pass online once a year
I would say *Mindaugas* after our king.
Vainiką rūtų, vainiką rūtų.
Never seen smaller ones
That's a weird cat
Why did they removed it from the game
However, ill list all of the best songs i know from each genre
I would love to hear someone say that sentence lol
Try changing Turkey to fit into Europe, it will take you a while.
For Europeans it can be hard to connect skin/hair color and identity as overwhelmingly as Americans seem to.
There's a website which lists Russian propaganda pages targeted at Lithuania on facebook:
The right-wing paramilitaries who had carried out the mass murder of Lithuania’s Jews were now hailed as national heroes on account of their anti-Soviet bona fides.
Up to us not to repeat that mistake.
I only vaguely know of it, and doubt many people do here at all.
this might be an interesting watch - [Rude & Annoying Redneck Americans Harassing French People In Paris!]
I'm of soviet jewish extraction.
I think a lot of other places other than the three capital cities are well worth a visit, for example Liepaja, (LV) and Tartu (EE).
That's why in my previous comment I've added "[...] Lihuania as a successor of the baltic culture [...]".
But overall, I would say that it's amazing fun!
Wow, TIL I'd get a panic attack if I lived in Germany.
My father could speak about 7 different languages, but he couldn't pronounce "th" - even though he was around native English speakers for decades.
Me and my friends do travel for vacation once in a while, cheap airlines ftw.
Dievų miškas by Balys Sruoga (English: Forest of the gods).
It looked horrible and was really affecting his self confidence, but it's impossible to get it removed in public system, since it's not life threatening, benign and doesn't obstruct vision or something
Hey, I didnt mean to seem rude, just asked
Now it died down
What's the harm in that scenario?
All that comes up to me is partly cloudy skies, Sy scrapers and massive littering and gum fines
Especially since historically Poles were the bureaucrats or “masters” and way too “aristocratic” to live a lowly dirt plower life
„Old Scots“? Isn‘t it just „Scots“?
It's an extremely offensive remark in that context...
Holding on to cultural and historical heritage
Well, that is like clear EAST vs WEST Cold War map.
Some of my friends were involved in it
That's not naive, it's hopeful.
Putting their life story in stickers on the back of their cars
I just meant that after PLC probably both Poland and Lithuania was kind of used to choosing their own rulers and democracy.
Red Banner must fly high over the Eiffel Tower!
The question is, what do you want from a town?
Okay [is she speaking Latvian] with out any accent?
As a fellow lithuanian, fuck off
I am very careful around the words condone and condemn
Interestingly, when you want to say that something will never happen in Russian, like "when pigs fly" in English, you say "когда рак на горе свистнет" or "kogda rak na gore svistnet" which means "when the crayfish whistles on the mountain".
Well, since there are 141 members in Seimas and there were 122 attendees, this means  a total of 19 members did not attend, those three among them
I assume they have Latvian citizenship, thus they are "latvian nationals". I don't think it's talking about ethnic latvians
But we do that all the time as well
Oh, I see, you have multiple degrees in geopolitics
Their government is on the verge of a collapse
I stopped using cursive in the 7th grade or so.
... 1917
The sea itself looks menacing
My German-Italian friends (dual citizenship) couldn't come this time, but the café that provided the power was Italian too I believe.
800
He became a national hero in Poland, Belarus, Lithuania and USA.
Aia no speaka inglese
inb4 Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth
At least that's the reasoning I managed to find on the internet by linguistics experts.
• Kęstutis
Modern European countries put their imperialistic ambitions long ago, for the better future, who unlike Russia, loves to be back-ward country.
It's just something you get used to, makes you appreciate the summer more
Yes, it happened to me as well
Annoyed, no
I would agree with it or move it to Sunday (like it is here) just because there should be a massive influx of voter at the end of the workday that takes more time for voters and because of that some people could not have time to come and vote (or do you force them to vote by law?)
Baisiogala - which roughly translates to "scary/horror town"
Lithuanians don't really stereotype people, but people from Vilnius are like more entitled
In case anyone else can't get the MSNBC video to work, here's a YT link -
My vote goes to Latvia
Distributing pornography is illegal in Lithuania
It's the same ethnic group as Finland, so in a way
You do realize the only reason Finland was on Nazis side is because like few years before Soviets tried to occupy Finland just like Baltic countries
Visited: [Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium, Czechia, Austria, Hungary, Italy, Spain, Portugal, UK.] (17)
* First democratic elections after 1926 in 1990 February
Mathematicians (especially statistics, data) can earn as much if not more i guess
fml
I firmly believe 60% of Sicilian drivers never passed a single exam
I would rearrange the colors so that it looks more reggae
Stay strong Ukraine and fight the russian terrorists!
Edit: Damn, I kind of started a small riot in this thread
And what if it also benefit others too
Yes they are
Without proper arguments or understanding how the geopolitics work.
So while the signs say "Кастрычніцкая вул.", everyone just says "Октябрьская".  Good luck figuring out that it's the same place even if you know Russian
From having had both French and American friends, this is like something either of them might do.
I can't figure out how to google this thing.
\*Latin European
Now all the localization thing like -as -ai you use is a joke, not even Lithuanians have to use it so there is no way someone would force a foreigner to to it unless there was some miscommunication.
But recently a story blew up in Lithuania about a stepdad who beat his 4 year old stepson repeatedly, ultimately resulting in his death about a month (?) ago.
No ours are boring :( Uk would probably win
Same here, but less foreigners more basketball
I'm dead convinced that people have done stupid shit like this with fireworks in Poland AND in Lithuania
ah ok, "Be Vali" looks a bit similar to "Be Valios"(without willpower).
Thanks
There are certain groups of people for whom it is legitimately worse now, than it was in the union
thanks for insight
10 – dešimt, 20 – dvidešimt, 30 – trisdešimt, 40 - keturiasdešimt, …, 80 – aštuoniasdešimt, 90 – devyniasdešimt
There may be exceptions though.
That is I would not have a problem with liberalizing everything until we are at pre-1997 Hong Kong levels.
Come on Europe it's not like you are even trying to win!
The second best feature in Chrome (the first being Ctrl+Shift+N)
Russian people tend to forget their own problems when they see Russia's foreign influence rising.
I'm Lithuanian and I think that this country is interesting for no one
I live 6km from city line, but its 11km to city centre, 12km to my job, 7/18/20km to malls and hardware stores
Russia is now a "peacekeeper". Azeries were backed by Turkey, Armenia is heavily under influence of Russia
Fuel running out while driving somewhere far away
> we even get around or even above zero temperatures in mid winter
>How to recognize a neo-communist in a few easy steps:
It's funny how pirtti has a different meaning in Finnish than the Lithuanian word.
I send my condolences and wish that Paris and France stay strong and unified
[Nah smart business decision was to have good public Wi-Fi] Makes the whole suicide thingy much harder
Damn thats tough
1st in the list and, according to national statistics, First by viewership is LNK
chewing gum ban and other more nefarious bans
* They like to freeze their bread
All hail emperor Keksimilianus the first!!!
Personally I hear this idiom way more than "Chinese"
Given the size of MP game and that it is backed by a subreddit of 1 mill people, maybe mods want to officially contact Paradox and ask them for their support as a host (I expect them to have powerful PC) or with streaming + commentary?
Source:
Star Trek universe here we come.
Truck plows into crowd at Berlin Christmas market one dead
I was actually replying to a person, who was saying that more handguns would not be useful in case of invasion.
The leaflet is just a bit nicer way to tell the recipients to gtfo of Lithuania than, for instance, painting a hammer and sickle on the front door.
Some words are, obviously, very different but it's otherwise easy to read
The German guys were incredibly hospitable, thoughtful and friendly
(well, not for our PM)
It used the same RBMK reactors that Chernobyl did
I guess no need for any explanations then .
There are no major cities, important routes or belarussian population who would be glad to join Belarus
20 million people dead and you think this is a victory
>(c) The right to exercise national self-determination in the State of Israel is unique to the Jewish people
this was like half a decade ago, you've got the memory of an elephant
To all of you outraged Romanians - get on with it, the nation has spoken, the majority wants more corruption.
> Malvėnū salas sosided ėš 2 dėdliū salū (Soledada ėr Gran Malvėnas) ė tepuogė da aple 700 salieliu
And the Lithuanian Jewish community and Israel is okey with all of this?
Excludes : [ 160,000, or about 7% of the total population.
Or do the French feel any connection towards any old Frankish kingdoms?
Nobody said that they were, they are just there because our three countries are always represented in various statistics together.
How does EU check that user data did / did not leave the EU?
] Sorry, Estonians
I have come across "poland is the mexico of europe" tho
I remember myself really wanting a locker during the 1-7 grade period because I seen them in every cartoon/show/film about school
Especially considering that there are 40 year olds that still remember a siege of the Vilnius TV tower
Or "I speak Lithuanian to you
What about drug dealers, thieves and such, who have a lot of unaccounted income
Seems like it was just yesterday
It was probably of the hardest books I ever read
Keep fighting against state mafia and the insecure midget that runs it
They just recently started ceding the control, because they are in total shambles
More positive, more negative, 100% negative?
I mean most ex-soviet states will agree that Russia's "peaceful inclusion" was no more than an invasion
You could argue then that a business owner and now a politician voting on laws that make business environment better is acting on his own interests but it also helps others too
They're all kinda mid-range, "exotic" places.
Lithuania launches a new Fast-track Startup Visa Scheme For Non-EU Talent
AFAIK we don't insure our homes and this may not be that common.
I think my culture was more influenced by kebab kiosk behind the corner than the church
It's not always a real tree over here.
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia have always been referred to as Baltic nations.
It's even a part of lithuanian culinary heritage
The Fourth Report on Economic and Social Cohesion (2007) shows preliminary estimates for the period 2000-2013 which suggest an increase in GDP compared to a baseline scenario without cohesion policy, of around 3,5% in Greece and 3,1% in Portugal and larger ones for the new Member States (2004-2013): 9,0% in the Czech Republic and Latvia, 8,5% in Lithuania and Estonia, 6% in Bulgaria and Slovakia, and 5,5% in Poland.
A reactor surrounded by air bubbles from bubbling water can go critical from an uncontrolled reaction , yeah ?
Later on you can choose to take on a third language that is usually German though I heard they teach French in some schools.
During his reign the Commonwealth was in its zenith and catching up with most developed European countries
You are not my supervisor
It's nice and calm this way
I know full well my tax money paid for that.
The thing is that most people still use cold war stigmas on ex commie countries and that's annoying as hell
[Proof]
That was a way for swedes to expand their teritorry into russia
Humans are strange creatures
Valančius is lithuanian equivalent of Valantson
Užgavėnės.
Im very happy that it was cool and fun for you:)
I suspect it will go away when Lithuanian becomes dominant out of sheer use
Her I was opening the link expecting London to top the list with 8 million then realising something quite upsetting
A little tip: Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are in alphabetic order from top to bottom.
Oh, and the humidity really bites your face.
Calm like Belgian (a person from Belgium, I don't really know how you call yourself as the only Belgians I ever talked referred to themselves as Dutch
In general Lithuanian grammar is way more structured in spelling then english
You can't even provide arguments that will definitely prove your claim...
I knew you shouldn't trust the cast of Nasha Russia
I doubt they would do anything that's not already familiar to most of their audience
You are disappointed because not everyone is a sheep thinking like they're told to
Russia of 1991-1999 is nothing compared to Russia of today.
Point is, it's much easier to decide to take some worthless nations than defending them.
That's why you have intelligence agencies.
And that's how you should write it down.
Frankly, I've never even imagine going to Finland due to myself living in Lithuania for the majority of my life and travelling feels like it's a mythical beast to me
It's mean to be like the_dolan except for a pro-EU candidate as opposed to an anti-EU one.
I would like to say accentuation, stress retraction and similar stuff.
He discovered that the inertia of an object is directly proportional to its energy content, with the proportionality factor being 1/c^2, where c is the speed of light
Not necessarily
Well you have to be able to carry the body armor...
Lithuanians in Sejny area and Poles in Šalčinininkai will be happy af because of reunification with their ethnic relatives
Because there are so many Europeans in Australia
They're remembered, yeah, but not really celebrated
Also very cheap, good groceries, I'd know, I live 20 minutes from Poland.
Personally (25) I still live in my parent owned flat as they are usually not there for the most of year, but if I rented i could save about 60% or around a 1000 each month
IT, finance, engineering (mainly mechanical design)
Poland, Russia and Germany
While Polish ulta nationalist spit how great their country was, muh hussaria which over shadows [Lithuanian hussars] Poland is always white, never black.
Lithuania, Latvia, Moldova, Slovenia, Albania, Bulgaria
Russians and Polish also call LT *Litva*/*Litwa*. Although another [false friend] between Czech and Russian would be par for the course
I won't be telling you anecdotes today "LatvianLion" unfortunately.
I doubt anyone has to do anything to prevent Turkey's membership in EU
What happens after a few decades of this?
Edit: I lol when people think I’m trying to blame the pilots
And the guess is only 70% accurate at most
Top one is Paris I think and bottom one probably Switzerland
Also is the current minimal wage 950?
It's also probable that you'll get Alzheimer's at around 65, spend the rest of your pathetic civilian life telling same 2 boring stories on repeat and pissing your civilian pants.
Also, here's a personal story
But I’ve seen another comment saying they did
So, no I was not thinking about hot Polish girls jujitsuing sleeping Russian soldiers to death even if that idea is quite appealing.
that was said in brackets
Our economy was more agricultural, therefore the soviets didn't need to ship as many foreign workers to fill all the available work spots
Turkey
Haha, I think I prove your hypothesis correct
I've been there before
Look at mexico - the most a civilian can own according to law is a shotgun.
First time in my life I'm hearing of Coptic
So it is indeed a get out of jail card for those rich enough
But there is also similar specs to yours for 10 euro/month from an another provider
As for my home - there's little need to have Polish store in Lithuania
This is not as clear for other republics though, many wanted to stay.
Yes, heard it on the news
:D Did your simulation also had you save a princes or fend off Martian attack
Even the Grybauskaitė period LT/PL relations were very friendly in comparison to 1920-1938
* De facto two locative cases: inessive and illative
Produpnik - CZ fiancée, PL professional ass
It’s really confusing ._.
If the same EU refugee allocation was about Ukrainian refugees, do you think they would run away from Lithuania or Poland, after being offered a home etc?
Polish dairy products are uneatable (at least those we get here in Lithuania).
Have 4 roads to enter the city from various sides, so traffic is quite easy to avoid
I enjoyed that
If we're asking whether it is *possible* in Europe, then I'm not sure if my country is still in Europe.
Yup
Would you like to talk about demographics?
"Barbora Radvilaitė" (about a duchess
People there dont see lithuania as anything good, they prefer russia, but call themselves polish while they in fact are belarusian/polish/russian
I always found this building intimidating.
Now I see how Santa can live through centuries, he's a vampire lord.
Old men with mustaches and young men with shaved heads.
It looks like the car manufacturers have a lot of trouble with marketing.
Lithuanians wouldn't put it that way
It's layered and smooth, the dough is added with a paintbrush looking thing
You'll find it in a list when doing your taxes, and all that.
Good old Europe, worrying about the feelings of criminals.
I haven't lived in Lithuania, harder to compare, they have similar language, however their history and religous background is different
And lets point out again
I have a question for you, what happens when Russia stages another green man invasion in Lithuania or another NATO Baltic state?
For instance, they hand out fines to businesses who put up unlawful signs.
well, 555 anniversary isn't too far away either, we can call it 5/5/5 anniversary
So basically we have here high standards for press freedom and i would only say that we have to improve more civil activism to protest and etc
Bratislava
How is today the 99th birthday of Lithuania?
Then we have the human rights situation, where Belarus is regarded as a dictatorship by most of Europe, many Belarussian political dissidents live and organize themselves from Vilnius.
Is Hiiumaa island worth visiting?
The balts were known for the amber they collected and the jewlery they made from it
(Haven't clicked the link yet): Latvians or Lithuanians?
They are very patriotic and have their own [flags] [2] Some, but a very very small amount even want independence due to said jokes about them from the rest of the country.
Nah man it looks too communist
Is where I live
In PLC's case we had both, internal fighting and two Empires and a Kingdom dismantling us.
I mean the quality is great
Late interbellum
No tears, only join Lithuania to form one Baltic nation.
- (word that doesn't translate to english) i for this *peep* why did you come here *peep* hehe
Probably CRISPR, admittedly not uniquely Lithuanian since it was also developed simultaneously by Americans and Israelis, but still probably the best scientific contribution from this country
I mean, do you consider GDL only a successor state to Belarus, and modern Lithuanians just imposers?
It's also theorised, that Romans were the ones that first introduced lithuanians to agriculture, in exchange for amber
I'd say we go there at least once per month (when no CoVid, obviously, but even then, the LIT-LAT border is open at the moment and we did go to Latvia in July once)
Anyone who oposes communism, fasism, corruption, gopnik mentality, greed and psychopaty is my dearest friend
If you are carrying, chances are it is something underpowered, small, low capasity.
Yes, indeed we use gmailas a lot, because most people use it
Very hard to tell if serious or not.
Wolfgang just sounds really cool to me
Nope, not even a short mention anywhere
The word itself means what it means - a family name
The most memorable part of it for me was:
Got it as a present few years ago as not a lot of people actually drink it
Keikti in lithuanian is literally "to curse". We don't really have a lot of vulgar swearwords
Even Lithuania at it's golden age tried to expand as much as it could, but were different than other empires, we didn't impose our language, laws or Catholic religion.
It looked too "communist" so we changed it
Now I wonder if someone learns how to right without cursive
Remember: +VAT for Net Weight
The EBU even considered taking Ukraines hosting rights away.
We call latvians "broliukai"- little brothers
You would not get people talking like that anywhere.
Lithuania never fell under direct Swedish or Danish rule, the closest thing that came is [Union of Kėdainiai]ėdainiai) which was broken soon before it could even be legitimate.
Should be a national law in Lithuania only the foreign minister can give interviews (or answer questions) in English
- I have problems with my pancreas
Don't forget the whole Russia fiasco which pretty much decimated Russian tourist movement to Turkey.
Where do the rest of us go to not be met with hostility
In Lithuania a person cannot have a dual citizenship.
Or maybe it's blue because same sex sexual activity was never criminalised there.
This is cool
Yeah but most of the time you will find people who complain about anything so we can just ignore them.
It may be easier in self-checkouts but we have many small stores without fancy checkouts, where old cashier women would be super tired to think whether you will pay by cash or card and how to round the price
And both of our countries cooperate military-wise, LitPol grid
The swearing isn't really necessary, but you're right.
Alus
Lithuanian companies produce 60% of the world's lasers.
So if police catches you drinking in public, and you are not creating any issues, then they will ask you to pack your things and just leave
If Lithuania then add half green and half blue
Soon you’re going to have Lithuania all over r/europe
Your attempt of democracy was actually an authoritarian oligarch taking controll by force
It was rather a huge cluster of nations and religions peacefully coexisting together.
Maybe single words from a sentence, but these two languages are pretty different, from listening
I disagree on the term colonialism used, but Polish Kingdom was definitely imperialistic - Ukrainians, Lithuanians, Russians and Belarusians
Yeah, this map on Lithuania literally says "to swear", not "fuck".
Everybody would seem to be fine with it and we could still have English as official language in EU
Livonia (Estonia and Latvia) has more German influence, than Swedish or Danish, though some parts of it were under their respective Kingdoms.
I don't think there's a single Lithuanian who doesn't call Latvians our brothers
Even larger of the smaller ones like Lithuania or Bulgaria.
Kingdom names always go before Dutchy names as the rules of titles suggest
As such, it was seen as something of a safe haven for Jews and other persecuted (though some conflict remained among common people).
Slap "as" at the end of every city/town.
N. M. gindamasis nuo pavojingo kesinimosi neperženge butinosios ginties ribu, todel, remianti BK 28 str
But the President has the code thing for the nukes doesn't he?
txt
Plus waiters in Bavarian-themed pubs
15 - 20 normal, hoodie
When I was there for Christmas it was raining most of the time and it was miserable
I heard talks about starting to import, but didn't knew we send it to Poland
Literaly on this day 9th of march 1652 [liberum veto] was first used.
autobusubilietai
[The duchy of Prussia] a vassal of the Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth.
It will be packed, and you wont regret it
It provides some entertainment.
Is Lithuania Northern or Eastern?
It does happen rarely but not like the lefty newspapers would have you believe.
Making Prussia Special Economic Zone of the EU and putting shitloads of EU financial help to re-integrate it back to the Western civilisation
A person of a Sovereign country is having a dinner with only one member of EU parliament?
N. M. gindamasis nuo pavojingo kesinimosi neperženge butinosios ginties ribu, todel, remianti BK 28 str
But historically speaking Turkey makes sense as well.
Hey
Major topics are political and local Lithuanian extravagansa
Then it goes to August 1939 with Ribbentrop/Molotov pact, invasion of Poland (including Hitler's offer to invade Poland together and the acceptance of thousands of Polish refugees), 'recovery' of Vilnius and acceptance of Soviet military bases to Lithuania
100 – šimtas, 200 – du šimtai, 300 – trys šimtai, …, 900 devyni šimtai
I indeed became slightly more suicidal when i moved to Sweden
We have the best graphs, tremendous graphs, believe me.
Today it's handed out like condoms at the Olympic village.
6 - šeši,
I didn't read it yet, my father read it: Altorių šešėlyje
But I never saw Latvian feet too
Also, ally soldiers were paid, well equipped and fed, while soviet union had farmers fighting with knuckles against machine guns, while being fed a palms worth of scolded grain
Our depressive tendencies might prove useful after all.
It starts as an ordinary "pretty" girl cover then goes into bondage type of girl cover and ends into vanilla stuff again.
I am definitely looking into buying a fan now
Not much of a thing to brag about though
I study in Ireland so I have to speak English
This does not include exiles who returned
What the hell is wrong with Ireland
I could just hop in on a train or something and go back home?
Finns and Lithuanians share particular genetic haplotypes which aren't shared with Estonians or Latvians...
Vilnius resident here
Yes
Yes
Mensheviks, on the other hand, if they were to win, we could have seen Russia transforming into true social-democracy as Scandinavia did.
Countries such as Belgium, Finland, Switzerland, Belarus, etc
"Alio, klausau" "Hello, (I'm) listening". Alio isn't an exact translation of the word Hello, just more of Allo (I don't know if it's ana ctual word, sorry)
what about replacing the 458 with a zonda tricolore
You are acting like that kid that is running around in the playground, and shouting my dad can beat up your dad.
Never needed visas for Latvia and I think Poland (can't remember), still need them for Belarus and Russia.
Very rare
It's piktdžiuga (angry + joy) in Lithuanian.
This kind of European collaboration saved my girlfriend's ass (and mine) when she lost her passport in China.
Writing this I remembered, that I have a slavic monster bestiary and I read that, (from legends) there was a basilisk in Vilnius, that people killed, by throwing rūta plants into the basemend that it lived in, becouse allegedly they had anti-magical properties
Lets be a bit more specific, All of the [Curonian Spit] is a magnificent beach basically
Hey its fine if its a male nipple
The Lithuanian Language commission (yes, a thing like this actually exists) introduce these fake lithuanian words in order to "save the language" or something, but nobody really takes it seriously
RIP
Since 2000 when Putin was first elected, we understand from the start, the danger Putin will probably pose to Lithuania
Here in Lithuania no sport is as interesting, exciting or sporty as basketball is.
If there ever was a barren, sun baked, wind swept rock perfect for solar/wind you are one
Getting in a union with Poland and then losing half of the territory to them
Yes, everyone knows that your dad is an ex convict.
Who else is in northern europe that we are so similar to religiously?
Time to learn [glorious languages]
Y'all have been banned from /r/hesburger
Belgium's health minister
So why are they red then
Poland gets all the credit for beating Teutonic Knights, but without Lithuania and other helping countries they wouldn’t have done that
I know, still doesn't mean that guns are illegal in the rest of Europe, whoch was implied by op
&#x200B;
I don't know if it's the biggest but they certainty have loads of Russian blood money and African blood money flowing around.
The State of Lithuania shall be an independent democratic republic
I don't get these shortened names in Slavic languages
Pop - Monika Linkytė - Po dangum
the leader of one of the most powerful countries in the world
Gruodis is from Gruodas, or basically "frozen earth"
Is the good marketing of being believed to be Northern Europe worth it?
It would make sense that Finnish "pirtti" could be more related to Lithuanian "pirkia" than "pirtis".
Never better
Fuck all Russians
He brought his toilet birthday calendar among other things and that was the first thing I hung so he would feel at home
What language do you want to study in?
Many manual construction jobs like carpenteer, plumber, etc are paid as good as physicians and much better than most public white collar jobs
Belgium was clever and claimed tenth before anyone else so by the time this all shakes out they'll be positioned well.
I sure we can easily make a deal with Denmark/Norway/Finland in letting us into Nordic if we promise to give them opportunity to get rid of Swedes
the younger people in my family speak perfect Lithuanian, studied in Vilnius university in lithuanian, have businesses in Vilnius.
You kinda seem fine now, could even use some Apple money to sponsor it
Now watch as he doesn't respond to your comment, or deflects about something irrelevant.
Most wear sports clothes, while europeans are usually dressed more formally (jeans, or other formal trousers, plain clothing, or with minimalistic patterns)
I have never seen Putin give a speech in Spanish.
Alholism fast Internet and siucide
Welp
Scrambled eggs with animal brains (this one is common in rural areas)
If the USSR was great in any metric maybe it'd be around today, but here we are.
Yes yes it's all about the börjar, now it makes sense.
All I can say is that I'm gutted for the Scots
Same here – 'Pekinas'.
In Lithuania small towns are dying (though fellow Lithuanians, feel free to correct me)
We do not want their garbage food here
The collapse of the Soviet Union, economic depression, and subsequent transition to a market economy.
LOL
Some people ended up having "lunch" as their first class at 7:15, which was a bit nonsensical to me, but those people ended up just not coming in to school until the second class started around 7:50
That's about it
Fun fact: there was political conception of reorganize Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth into Polish-Lithuanian-Ruthenian Commonwealth during 17th century (Rzeczpospolita Trojga Narodów, literally "Commonwealth of Three Nations).
Are we sure that this is not actual Hitler who gets angry about this arrest, time travels to the past and starts WW2?
How can they not see that it is the government which is failing them?
116 out of 141 parliament members voted for this, the rest were not present.
"Would you feel comfortable if your child was in a relationship with a person
winters have no fucking snow or ice
The vacuum of power could tear the country appart.
There are no articles here and they are nightmare for us to understand, often we don't get the purpose of their existance
Hm, I'm just curious, but what do you think you could do in prison and not the military?
If NATO collapses, it will not be because of Trump, but because of Germany / Juncker and their childish view points of 'we have flowers, we don't need guns'.
Procedures are the same for everyone
I was going to write that but forgot how to spell "mir", havent used any German for well over a decade
5 million is too low for stalin
Even catholics and protestants for most of the time coexisted peacefully.
And I am not basing it on my beliefs, I am basing it on evidence in countries where it was tried.
its not disinformation, everyone is just poking fun about Russian carrier
why
that's how it should be
From what I noticed, mostly PC.
My pop spent a decade in the Russian north and used to say that there are two countries inside Russia: the good people ('russkaja dusha') and the evil government ('rak')
Also big difference between south and north
I think almost all of that part of Lithuania is in the UNESCO world herritage list and the beaches have the blue flag (white sand, clear waters, etc)
Last time we elected absolutely populist government and this time it also could be counted as populists
Francophone America makes some awesome unique cheeses
First poem is very relevant in today's struggle with environmental crisis
Last years was impressive as well.
It's called kanklės
Godspeed mate
Mama mia
Oh, yeah, Russian media keeps on screaming that January Events were Lithuanian inside job and that Nazi collaborators were behind Lithuanian nationalist movement
give link (sorry I am lazy) and I will edit my statments :D
Last year was probably the only year in my life were I never wore a winter coat and only walked with spring coat that mostly protects from rain rather than cold
Yes, and it's mandatory, you can't choose
I worked for a German family in Alaska for a few years and I could pick up some scent of superiority maybe from the old members of the family
However, both times I asked for a passport stamp, so I have undeniable evidence of visiting Finland
I'm lithuanian, but I live in poland, so I'll talk for both countries
The plural-ending and the word for "and" is taken from ancient Greek.
After all, you spent money on it, so leaving it to be thrown out would be a waste of money
:D our bros
The problem is, these suggested words are usually ridiculously awkward and just makes people laugh, (there is even a big meme group on FB to make fun of this committee)
We've had enough of Russia's surprises, thanks
One of us
Well you see, sure it would be nice to enjoy sunny evening, but our evenings are cold so might as well just stay at home
And we were part of Russia not too long ago
When you live in a country where the minimum wage is 2 euros and some cents an hour...
I'm often outside, so it can be nice to refresh for a couple of hours
I was always at the top of my class with English in school compared to people who didnt watch English cartoons
Okay, from the title it seemed like it was put together by a Russian.
All the bureaucracy, negotiations between countries, interviews of the asylum seekers, flying them from one country to the host country, finding and preparing accomodations for them, hiring people to take care of things and all other costs only to have 50% of them saying "nah, not enough" and leaving...
They are volcanic in origin, cores of volcanos that have completely eroded, leaving just that house-sized rock sticking out on a hill
Most Proud of our once great history, even being a great power at one point.
Basically they are slightly germanic balts that talk funny, got no potatoes and apparently get pissed if we call them horse heads.
The estimate is correct, just standard deviation of it is high.
Never heard that one to be honest
We have these as well, but only people who thoroughly follow superstitions are russians :)
Distance, cultural differences, they kinda want to leave EU and we don't and our small voting power overall
Wait until politicians start to do meetings in the forest naked with a torch.
Called *Gaidžio koja* (transl
My school doesn’t have it
Samogitians are said to be extremely stubborn, sparse with words, reserved and cautious.
Baltic ambassadors to German media: Baltic states aren't ex-Soviet republics
Problem is you need money to open such camps.
The other being noone here glorifies gay communism or whatever the meme these days is as a legitimate alternative
A lot of us speak english
>24th December in Lithuania
The Supreme Court has Criminal and Civil chambers and 33 justices
And honestly, the moment that something about the US comes up I know they did some stupid shit again
Well, at the moment coal is killing far more people and making more CO2.
In past few years alot of people switched from smoking to vaping, which has a slightly better reputation
It's not an easy question to answer, since my experiences might not reflect the situation objectively
My family used to speak Russian, so I couldn't understand them, but they have forgotten it as most of the people I guess in Lithuania who knew Russian
That's probably a bigger reason
Difference in prevalent social attitudes indeed exists.
I hope that all cities will be like this one day
I'd say we like everyone except ourselves.
Its something really
Gedvila's daughteė would be Gedvilaitė, not Gedvilytė, cause Gedvila enda wth an A.
Original Apple Park Cupertino
He can say whatever he wants, it has nothing to do with what he will do next.
The Poles and the Lithuanians get sympathy for the way they were treated by the Nazis, but they happily murdered their own Jews during the same period.
I have no idea who he is
At 31 years old, I am now becoming more and more interested in Lithuania and it's history.
There is no lith pic, there's only a lithuania/Latvia mix.
Edit: oh Europe ends in the middle of Asia
Thank f*ck I live in the Baltics
You could say the same abou germany in the 30-ies.
Establishment of the Sąjūdis in 1988, Soviet violence against Lithuanian protests ('the Banana Ball of 1988), Baltic Way on 1989 08 23
That's why I would argue for a rule set on adds (no sounds, no content blocking adds, no flashy or moving parts) and then ban adblocking software.
Okk soo this is not Lithuanian
We need all the help we can get.
What happened
Latvia/Estonia
* Soviet economic blockade against Lithuania through 1990
The Grand Duke of the time slept on the hill and dreamed an Iron wolf that should protect the city
Or even place names - one of popular girls' names in my country is actually the name of a lagoon in the Baltic Sea
Achberlin
Save=myself/yourself
the .eu side is still basically pro-US and anti-EU
Same as in German
But I think they don't have my id in the first place
Will try to play as Lithuania when I'll have time
Demographics don't work like that.
Nice winter indeed
"Communism is to blame" is a fucking ridiculous argument.
Up voting you just because you like my city over the other
You have our support on being second third.
Frog eating people live beyond the wall.
I don't really believe in any god or gods, but I like the ideas that were behind our paganism.
It's just not worth it to debate something like that.
"Lithuanian Railways" has an interest in working with Lithuanian contractors, so the money circulates between the local companies.
In Lithuania he is in the Peasants party which is officially Peasants and Greens Party but realistically it's anything but green
If somebody could translate the Lithuanian newscaster's broadcast, I'd be appreciative.
You Germans are awesome, look at how you bounced back from WW II, meanwhile we (Lithuania) have highest suicide and alcoholism rates in europe and depending on source in the world (say top 5 in both for sure
My first trip abroad was a school excursion in 5th grade to Riga, Latvia.
Also now there is 4 kind of it and theres a different special edition each year
Generated by MS Word 15 according to the meta tag :D
DID THE POLISH KILL GOD AND DID NOT TELL ANYONE??
I live in UK for almost a year and I still have hard time understanding one of my coworkers accent, just a thick british one, muffled and fast paced mannerism of speach
Wouldn't be america if they didn't mess up European names
We may not know how to cook, but we sure know how to shank a mobster
Everybody in Lithuania also thinks that IKEA is the best shit possible
So don't pretend you don't know what people in the West are talking about.
Here are 17 reasons why we are better than the rest of the world
And it's effects on the world are still seen today
Getting in a union with Poland and then losing half of the territory to them
I don't think we are that different from other countries when it comes to teaching history.
Which sounds a bit like Russian/Polish/Slovakian/Croatian/etc
Russia has deceived, bribed our politicians so many times and tried to threaten us with so many things that we can never take it seriously anymore
Shouldn't Lithuania be Russia or Latvia
Ethnicity, you mean
[This]
In Lithuania it's quite common.
Just a peace, making Donetsk an autonomous part of Ukraine would be a final nail in Ukraine's transition to west.
From partnerships, agreements and cooperation to childeshness.
Hopefully we can thank the Belarussians for not building a shitty nuclear power plant that makes half of Lithuania uninhabitable in the case of a nuclear explosion
It's really fatty but damn good
Braliukai turned noclip off at the wrong moment
Another embarrassing moment is when our former prime minister spoke english
It would take decades for Belarus to get anywhere near EU and NATO on its own
You cant even buy midus anywhere and its hard to find people who have tried it, I have heard its more popular in Latvia though
What are those extra borders in Latvia and Lithuania?
In addition to having isolationist/nationalist policies, revisionist foreign policy approach and ideology to keep the current elites in power at the cost of eroding civil rights and the Russian civil society itself.
The strangest thing driving through Poland was always the amount of those ads and billboards
If the only arguments you are making is "whatabout USA" and Russia din' do nufin' then this aint a discussion.
Quick, someone call him a nazi!
What if your car brakes down in suburbs of Paris and you need to put a yellow vest to change a spare tire
Mom (you could add "or" in here but the sentence doesnt support it) am i your child
It would violate muslim rights.
But we also dress up as monsters with scary faces
The lizards and the cacti will not mind and the tourists hardly venture beyond 500 m from the Blue lagoon
You've already stole Ukraine's land from us!
Forgive my curiosity, It just warms my feelings, seeing someone willingly choose to learn my native language
Goddamit Lithuania, we could be cool, be no, marriage is too much
Thanks a lot for digging that up!
I've been there and it's just as spectacular [from close up]
Pretty sure it's same everywhere.
This looks like lithuanian capital Vilnius sort of too
Brexit - a totally political play, that might help to boost or destroy ones political carer.
Maybe among sociology majors for group analysis, but otherwise it's not really a thing like in the states
Yep, there are quite a few fancy camps in Lithuania
Russia Yesterday - news from capitalist hell [satire tv show]
Or 1000 Stingers - just to make the bully remember *that other place*.
Similar pattern to what was happening in England 3 years ago.
You only need to have your ID so airline staff can make sure you're travelling with your ticket - that's it
Off the top of my head for Lithuania:
Unironically calls the US "Amerikkka"
Now it's not ideal and it gets worse the smaller the city you live in, but I wouldn't really say there's a lack of help available
>I used to have a roommate who was from a very Swedish-speaking area and couldn’t really speak much Finnish
Misc - gray/black
Hijacked Libyan plane lands in Malta
TL;DR long incomprehensive babble about how even his shit smells better in Italy and that 8/10 girls won't date a Polak (who's a fine 9).
The European Detroit
Buses have multiple exits so no.
Note that I've never actually heard anyone referring to Belarus as *Gudija* in conversation
He refused to resist in ww2 and later joined ussr army
Tbh that applies for pretty much any time we meet a foreigner, no matter whether they or we are the tourists
Not a very well known fact, but There are some really old wooden mosques in dominantly Catholic Poland and Lithuania built for Tatars who were invited to serve the Lithuanian Grand Duke Vytautas in the Middle Ages The Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth was very liberal regarding religious freedom for that time which is also why both countries had a very significant Jewish populations up until the Holocaust.
If I had a euro for every time someone says that about the Baltic States
We need to re-create Commonwealth, the only way we can become relevant and rich again.
Finally a map where Lithuania is split into multiple regions.
But that is pretty funny as the Great Duchy of Lithuania was obviously not a nation state
What about you
Polish language does not go that far North.
I went to Rome immediately after Sicily
I think this kinda applies
And it's the first time i hear about Jozef Bem at all, so thank you for that.
Beje/Beja - "in addition to"
customers are going to get an empty phone, and will have to install their own OS and their own additional software.
Oh, right
That's my point, those are your jokes and stereotypes.
First - Eurovision, now here
Just to note that several Eastern European countries are within the Eurozone - Estonia, Latvia, & Lithuania.
* KGB's fight against civic resistance and dissidents
Where can you get it in the fast food context
TIL "Hessisches Plusquamperfekt" is a thing.
Another fun fact
Yup
Makes sense, then
Edit: I also read, that they should have some distinctive elements, so I recommend Žalvarinis
As if your image is not based on the real world but rather on what you see on certain subreddits.
Probably because of the way it’s pronounced in Lithuanian, it doesn’t really sound like a german surname
I watched cartoons in English since I was 7 and somehow I learned both writing and speaking in English from that.
The corruption is still pretty wide in our hospitals.
7/10 would recommend
But there is also similar specs to yours for 10 euro/month from an another provider
The photograph was bough by Elton John
When I was 12 we went to Vilnius to see a movie since there was no cinema in my home-town
But a nation that has survived millennia participating in world's worst wars will not concede in just few decades.
I'm a classical liberal (the small government, laissez faire kind) I feel like a unicorn in most european subs, and generally refrain from talking about politics too much, or I get ganged up on by both socialists and conservatives/soft nationalists.
Road construction next to Warsaw seems like it will last forever
But it gets less affordable
They are really handy
Although I read some opinions that the agreement wasn't entirely beneficial to them, but on the whole improving ties with Europe has helped my country immensely and I wish the same for Ukraine.
Their dialect is so different from Highlander Lithuanian (which is more or less standard Lithuanian) that some even consider it a different language.
No, but for some reason some people here are really hostile against Polish people
Chicken Kiev here is super popular in cafeterias, probably can order it in most
Impeached for sexual harassment
This could have been prevented by teachers, they just didn't know how
its kinda our thing to stress that we were the last to abandon pagan faith in Europe and pagan years are often regarded as almost the golden age
I am pretty sure that they dont just leave the refugees and go not looking back.
Lithuanian is only similar to Latvijan and not much else.
Back when we hoped to have a common nuclear plant with Latvia and Lithuania.
Your real saints were killed and buried a long time ago.
Edit: typo
Lithuania is eons above and beyond others.
Can't beat some good virtinukai with porcini mushroom and onion filling
I always loved the saying "fucks like a mink". As in to be very passionate and active while doing the horizontal tango
Before you say they don't need to deal with the United States, it is a country with over 300 million people and a median household income over $51k so anyone would want to trade with them and accept any help in doing so that is offered.
Yeah, give soviets a centimeter and they take a kilometer
Because there are so many Europeans in Australia
Šitas irgi dažnas, bet truputį nuobodesnis žodis
m u s h r o o m
You started that exceptionally late
USSR had plenty of brown people from the Asian side of Russia.
It's just a hypocritical way to go about it.
Well guess again, they are from car rental place
Driving B1 category car: 16
I always thought that the Ottomans officially called it Istanbul all along
Leaders of post-WW2 resistance, especially Jonas Žemaitis and Adolfas Ramanauskas are treated as heroes in Lithuania, but as criminals in Russia
* Lithuanian guerrilla war against the Soviets 1944-1953
Also he fought with polish troops in battle of Grunwald
(totally clear explanation by me)
Most of the camps are specialized, aimed specifically at sciences, arts, acting, sports, etc
In my humble, personal experiance it's Sweden.
They took drinking water samples from different countries and various Lithuanian cities, and data indicates that the higher levels of lithium in public drinking water correlates with lower suicide rates in men.
Lithuanian and Latvian sound is somewhat similar.
What do you know about cultures of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia?
It's an entertainment act
Some American or German tourists look like [John Bolton]
Damn this reminds me of the time some dude in Lithuania built a monument to presidents slippers.
(Since 1300) some of the infrastructure in the city center is pretty rough but I like it this way
Here is a table with these old names for months in different Slavic languagues (+ Lithuanian)
I usually ask "why do we call them čigonai?"
That's quite funny actually, how is that piece called
Proving once again - tax funded media is very fallible and majority rule is simply crap
Now, I might know better but it took me some time and studying to really regard them as nations on their own.
[Specifically this one] I would call it a small cheesecake instead of a curd snack (courtesy of Wikipedia
Also I think you misspelled Russia as Germany
Seriously what were the pilots thinking flying over a war zone
Polish people say Wilno nasze (Vilnius is ours) because at some points in history they occupied it
>Labas, mano vardas Jonas
Good ol' Commie satelite states.
Belarus is about to open a new power plant new border so we will need a backup
So yes, you can get an idea of where someones from by their appearance
The money is paid for the victims.
Lithuania’s Startling Campaign to Erase Its Ugly History of Nazi Collaboration
As a kid I believed that all beaches are sandy as that was the only thing I saw in sea side Lithuania and movies
* 1940 Soviet occupation and illegal annexation
(Edit to say this is all free on public insurance which is also free for students and many other groups, and many medications are partially paid by the government)
[True kebabs puttin' themselves on spikes.
aand Ireland is 'Republic of Ireland'.
Well, diaspora in Europe usually have susch rights as well
The Recent findings by Neuroscience Institute of the Lithuanian University of health Sciences and Behavioral Medicine Institute suggest that exceptionally high suicide rate could be (partially) explained by the lack of Lithium in Lithuanian water.
I hope I'm not too late to the flag resemblance train.
endorsed all kinds of pseudo-patriots (idiots) around himself, just to look reasonable in a sea of militant radicals.
But correct me if I am wrong, those concentration camps were not made to purposefully kill people, just group them up and lock them up
We both still have strong pagan traditions, song festivals like [here] or [here] and are generally the last two Baltic countries on earth, now that the Prussians, Curonians and the sort are gone.
Yup, I too only feel safe next to a banjo-playing transgender metalhead carrying a mini bike in his backpack at all times.
How small a mans penis must be for him to have so little confidence in himself.
Curd snack selection is [huge] easily a hundred different flavours.
For example for me as Slovak it would be impossible to tell apart Latvian from Lithuanian speaking English when I have heard only few times Lithuanian or Latvian languages so there is no way I would be able to see/hear differences in English between them.
Somehow managed to find a basketball nearby and we just played 2x2 with our suits on
They might've migrated, had children, maybe even grand children and returned with their entire families
Imagine one of those african kids pictures when they met Asian person for the first time and all 15 children squint their eyes with said Asian person in photo
K would have to be ridiculously low for what you said to be true
Chiken is quite rare in traditional lithuanian quisine
During this time they could have shown support to Belarus instead
We don't have the th sound in lithuanian, so I used what a native lithuanian without english knowlege would pronounce
How do Europeans view Belarus?
9 litres per capita)
my all time top comment is now a racial slur
The US didn't do anything against Russia until it decided to split Europe with Nazi Germany.
we don't have anti-LGBTQ+ spaces yet but seems like a large portion of the country isn't ready for changes that don't even concern them
Man, Croatia and Serbia are like extreme versions of Poland and Lithuania.
&#x200B;
Any more painting like that OP?
Inside the hole of a butt
I hope to visit it one day, since it is only a day's drive away.
Happy Independence Day, braliukai
I asked around and my friends have confirmed that women don't share these stories
During his time GDL span from one sea to another
Sometimes we say "zadupieniszki". Basically translates to behind an ass(?)
Knowing how sometimes it is hard to find a parking space it is angering, but knowing how food it is for the world makes it amazing
Poland -> Lenkija
Everything under a Skoda car is basically a VW.
Why cant you comprehend that they evolved to be to different to be placed in one family.
I would say the energy cost of heating pre WW2 buildings is pretty high here
Pokemon Go is cancelled
Baltic countries are not central europe
Over there in Lithuania, MPs are strictly to, well, police military.
That's why I am saying investing isn't actually for everyone
People who had lunch as their second class (at 7:50) were the ones who really got screwed over because they couldn't just leave
As for my home - there's little need to have Polish store in Lithuania
Switzerland is a very interesting and beautiful country, one of my favorite places to visit
Or was it reference to after WW I?
My grandfather was born in Lithuania, and I carry his last name.
No, there's usually tomato sauce, my mistake
Re-vote in the constituency where the tampering happened.
At least, not as a program approved at the top definitely.
But they need to see how resposible they are first.
I think a caricature of the perception is something like: Poor, socially conservative, corrupt.
Can you give an example of how that looks ( I assume its just a special sign to other mods so even picture of it would work, ofcourse if you can do that)
Seems mostly Polish/Slavic to me.
Nice to hear
It was hard at first, but over time I got used to it
Google street view still didn't update any pictures since the renovation, so you can go look at how it looked before
Why only Western European countries?
it's a Dzūkijos thing
I've dabbled with some online friends, but it feels clunky
They're far closer to Germany than they are to Russia
The Lithuanians built an LNG terminal in Klaipeda which can actually serve a good chunk of the energy needs of the entire Baltic region, with Norway supplying much of the gas (in the future, even America could supply some gas there).
Finally we are 1st at something
I'd rather lose a foot than my head.
Surprise, poorer countries have worse road infrastructure.
Yeah it's pretty much everywhere
I think a modern judge would count that agreement as being forced.
Of course, but some ethnic minorities create for an interesting situation.
I dont speak Russian but even I could year the heavy american accent in John Wick
For example, "door" is "durys" and, despite being 1 door, it's already plural
by the will of the citizens of the reborn State of Lithuania, adopts and proclaims this
Also this was not necessarily a rich kid class as my school was just like any other school with all income families
Lithuania:
But don't smile or make eye contact with people who are wearing full Adidas with chains and shit
How a Kyiv state organ is undermining Ukraine’s European integration
Elektrėnai in Lithiania imo
That one got me
Let's shelter them until they fucking rip Europe apart
I also don't think they would have such emigration if living standards were so high.
Perhaps there is just less significant social problems in Europe.
I've seen plenty of russian fascists talking about how they want to see Baltic states burn.
Yeah I was going to say during the day not so much
Well, Lithuania could have become bilingual country(with Polish and Lithuania as national languages) allowing Wilno/Vilnius to be part of restored Lithuania.
its quite small even to our standards
Sounds accurate
We don't have guns, break ins happen almost always when there is no one at home.
We still have leftover border control buildings from soviet times, so you would see that you're crossing the border(differently from lets say France-Belgium, where in the middle of the city there is just a drawn line for people to know and thats it)
People from urban areas are increasingly moving out into the country and commuting
Šventosios Romos Imperija
I couldn't find a source for the Polish language itself, so I based the colouring on the corresponding map of Polish ethnicity: #/media/File:Poles_in_Lithuania_Barry_Kent.png
Lithuania: Monika Linkytė - Po dangum
You can sit there after coming out of the sauna, listen to birds and just enjoy nature
Also fine if female has male nipple stickers on her nipples
That's such a weird one
Heh, i am both nationalist and federalist
Try to give me at least one argument to invade them.
Or maybe during Lithuanian - Polish commonwealth when Austria, Prussia and Russia just slowly ate up the country
One that even many native speakers don’t understand well and how to use it correctly
It's not as comfortable to travel between Lithuania and Poland with trains as one would imagine.
Soviets capture Vilnius and Kaunas in the summer of 1944, Klaipėda in January 1945
' and that's how the name came to be
&#x200B;
I am dating a Lithuanian, they are flat out fucking insane.
(And also would ruin all the jokes about them that we have)
How to get length of Sprindis
The Einsatzgruppen A in Lithuania had enormous support from the locals.
As a Lithuanian living in America, I get asked this all the time
[Cepelinai] - a huge 'dumpling' where dough is basically potatoes, [kugelis] - a potato oven dish, [vėdarai] - sausage filled with potatoes, [bulviniai blynai] - potato pancakes
This year they justblasted music at the school entrance and ripped off Coachella
Wouldnt it be 21 years
plaktukas sounds like a baby hammer
The one at the street level or the one that is slightly above
Likely because you still live in what you call history
And that criminal Putin will still be the president for 16 yrs
I had no idea which country would work for me, after your explanation I totally agree, Ireland
Yeah, the languages mixed because of the region, but they are different from the roots.
I'm 15
It's just a lack of education on the matter mixed with a feeling of supremacy with a facade of "my religion is against this
On 1941 06 22 Germany invades Soviet Union and the uprising in Lithuania starts, on 23 June the Provisional Government declare restoration of independence, but the Germans come, start the Holocaust and scatter Lithuanian government
The russian mentality, the language, the folklore are so different, that I think the norse origins were tainted over the 1000 years of slavic influence and I can see why Russians wouldn't like to be called "originally norse". Doesn't change the fact that it's super cool and interesting history
Makes sense if the barcodes match
Dude, Lithuania is east Europe.
Kind of a mix between simple charlatan and Pagan revival.
Are religion classes mandatory in Poland or something
I would advise to have at least 3 days for a stay in Lithuania
They* were very close friends.
Loved working with the Lithuanians.
These are our grand dukes :
Doesn't ummm, belgium have a yellow stripe in the middle?
Some people do think that it's related to the Lithuanian *baltas* meaning "white", or the Slavic word for swamp (*\*bolto* in Proto-Slavic), though
Is it because you guys are non-religious?
Hey
Outside of US and Western Europe, gay rights often have very little to do with religion.
I work in an international company, but our lithuanian team still writes everything in english
Neither of Koreas is occupied last time I checked
Šaltibarščiai, the iconic Lithuanian pink soup
Thanks I lol'ed
Nobody is insane enough to escalate any conflict into nuclear exchange, not even North Korea, its an atrocity and could escalate other countries to resort to nuclear weapon usage, which has catastrophic potential to undo human development in centuries or millennia even
She never said that to me :(
I'm not tall (174cm), I don't like alcohol, I don't like sour cream, I don't like šaltibarščiai
Most policemen have pistols, among things like tazers, batons and speays
Lenin did not care about personal freedom.
PLC was literally an Empire if it wasn't an elective monarchy.
But it is private so I don't know how comparable it is
Rikis, i love you <3
I could use some money for next month.
Maybe a fun fact: You can get married in Lithuania in UK embassy as far as I know (for uk citizens only probably)
EU4 Lithuania, I ussually focus on westward expansion
Rock ballad & absolute all time favorite: Hiperbole - Pamiršk mane
The Soviets and Nazis always coopted or murdered the local intellectual elite in the countries they have occupied.
No one in Paris or Berlin or Brussels is going to risk them selves getting nuked along with the rest of the continent, just to stop Russia from taking Lithuania.
Home economics lessons were(still are
We can keep the Lithuanians out if you insist.
Uncle Sam Wants Travelers to Hand Over Social Media Accounts (All EU has to do it)
This is not some little misunderstanding that can be solved by just a simple solution like that.
Glad to see it's not only us, good jo
Well it'snot like they can run away or fight back using mma.
AFAIK some people tried passing simmilar laws here for quite some time, but majority of politicians just kept blocking any attempts.
EU and ASEAN agree to put free trade pact back on agenda
Sweden doesn't burn any in comparison.
I've read too much about Trump
I thnk it's a reference to the [St.
EDIT: forgot plurar or formal meanings in second part
I'm just curious as to what the russian reddit community thinks about it
I think Finnish and Estonian are Finno and Hungarian is Ugric part of the Finno-Ugric language family
Pigeons were eaten too, however they were considered the cheap, lowest class food, so they're not eaten anymore
Thanks, but you a few months early
Until lightning hits close to you
I occasionally slip up on random words or complicated sentences but *can* pronounce basically everything
A nod if you're just running by
Facebook
But most people aren't partisan, a lot of people call EU "socialist" and "new world order" that need to be removed
I don't know, never really thought of it that way, I feel like the people who live there depict themselves the same way to both locals and tourists - we also all know and acknowledge that they're a self-proclaimed republic where you can be a free spirit (not in a legal way, but in a fun quirky way, because the neighborhood is full of artists and people like that)
Not really
Know that there is another Nuclear power plant being built even closer to the capital (50km so we will be affected by bum) the press and all opposition went silent for some reason.
Kinda shitty of him to use the protests in Belarus for cheap shots against his political opponents
He had acute renal failure, something Citalopram wouldn't cause.
Lithuanian nobility was freely polonizing, not by force.
Our now former president made an official visit and that was in Finland so I guess the official stance of Lithuanian goverment is Lapland in Finland
Dependence on cars even if we have pretty good public transportation system
Tinder is more popular with dating.
I left Lithuania when I was 18, to study in UK
So I wouldn't say "what many of our people do" anymore.
Lithuanian:
Bro that was the height of german weapons engineering and miles ahead from anything everyone else had
Anyone above 30-40 years old definitely knows Russian, but probably not English
Can't exactly search on Discord
We're already in EU, NATO and Schengen :)
On a topic such as this one, it is speculation.
That's about all the advice I can give you.
Sorry for bad translation :/
Germany is the epicenter of the railway it seems
Finland - Suomija
You didn't even read the article, did you?
To me they are regular Caucasians, so I would say not worth it.
Have you ever asked yourself why nobody protests when your country shelters a fraud-bankrupt bank owners, poisoning people in display of power, defending an autoritarian regime leader who used chemical weapons on civils multiple times, claiming to willingly ignore mutual assured destruction and use nuclear weapons if putin sees it beneficial
it's not really a thing
Its fine, people eat fries all the time, and those are worse than cepelinai for sure
You are correct
That must be the case in all the countries with similiral governments.
Can your exchange be invaded by other nations as well?
I hate basketball
I am Samogitian and spend so much time with Latvians i can unironicaly understand them so good for me lol
And for us the opposite
Pro-EU, but for democracy
Because they are green
Other than that, nothing like that exist really
I agree, and I was actually thinking of the structures the Baltics have (Lithuania's Riflemen Union spring to mind).
I'm not blaming you for anything.
I've heard about the whole Ingria thing, but that's just a small part of Russia
GPS does depend on the device the most.
Ah yes, our tech savy but retarded brother Estonia
"Jūratė ir Kastytis" (about a legend)
Well, the official site tells me that it's 4.5 million, but who knows
The more advanced ones like Slovenia, the Czech Republic and Estonia indeed, plus Lithuania in some rankings.
P.S. This is just my opinion, I don't speak for every Lithuanian
That's like Commanders Shepherd's description from Mass Effect
That's not really true - this guy was "only" sentenced to take care of eldery or disabled people for 6 months
šikšnosparnis (tanned leather wing) - bat
After partitions of PLC, a lot of Jews from the rest of Russian empire were moved to nowadays Belarus/Lithuania/Poland.
Russia is now a "peacekeeper". Azeries were backed by Turkey, Armenia is heavily under influence of Russia
My family used to speak Russian, so I couldn't understand them, but they have forgotten it as most of the people I guess in Lithuania who knew Russian
real tears start at 1€ vodkas
I worked for a German family in Alaska for a few years and I could pick up some scent of superiority maybe from the old members of the family
I can very easily spot a Turk, an Italian an Englishman or Russian women, I'm unable to do the same with their men.
Guns are legal in most of Europe, you just need a permit
Do they fly national flag or historical flag
We will never stop shitting on you <3
yes
So you were there as a... *tourist
It's what's left of what used to be a pretty big castle in Vilnius
Lithuanian is mutually intelligible with any Slavic language as much as Portuguese, Spanish or Italian is with English.
And he legally owned them (being a feudal monarch in Lithuania).
Just what I thought - you need a man to get a job done
Well there we go, I'm officially adding Lithuania into Nordics for life.
A house is when you have no wall with neighbours
Yup
Same with Russian, the words for your native country are cognate with the words "to be born" (родина) and "father" (отчизна), rather than "mother".  Purely an English thing
Like the drug wars, ghetto's and gangs.
We also tend to "lithuanize" some words from English to make it sound legit in a Lithuanian sentence
Russia: Soviet union is back, tovarisch
But one reason why Lithuania (and Latvia maybe) is able to grow faster then Estonia is also that its closer to Poland and other mainland Europe - which is the economical engine of Europe.
This is not about "choice". It is about some genocidal regime trying to pose themselves as freedom fighters as first comment suggests
There are some great takes on English cuisine
After the failure of these republics, Mickevičius left for Soviet Russia, where he continued to lead Lithuanian communist and work for the Communist International (Comintern).
And for the life of me I can't pronounce thirty three without making it sound so bad I can't understand what I'm saying myself
Russia has deceived, bribed our politicians so many times and tried to threaten us with so many things that we can never take it seriously anymore
There was even a country called "ingria" that was established by a swedish prince marrying a russian princess
Like, really it seems so, especially when you're living in small town
And I do know some German, behold: ich bin zwolf jahre alt.
And not some nice ads by Coca Cola or Samsung, but signs about key makers, mechanics and the like made with MS Word
Good job, Braliukas
Poland, because Everytime you want to go to foreign country from Lithuania, you need to spend entire day in Poland just driving through
Goddamit Lithuania, we could be cool, be no, marriage is too much
next to TAX free for foreigners sign
As a lithuanian i can say we dont see nationalities, we want you to strive with us to live better, and we wish you well
I don't think it was called anything else than Čekija in Lithuanian, but I thought it was disrespectful or something to call it Czechia in English too
Not really stupid but confusing Lithuanian versions of some animals I've remembered so far:
So we've been using "Czechia" already anyway for a long time
world famous historical monuments, many interrsting museums (this is the place where western civilization started afterall), everything cheaper, while they are in economical slowdown.
And it's pretty clearly Lithuanian, just different letters since no alphabet was formed back then, a lot of Polish influence in that department.
If Russia tries to annex Latvia, then there are immediately two allied states - Estonia and Lithuania - from which to launch a counter-strike
I was sat at home eating kugelis when Algis ring
But it's usually well out of the way for most foreign tourists (with pilgrims being an exeption).
Best of luck to you all
Owner of the means of production decides what happens with the production
Šiknos skylėje engl
Our Dragon Ball intro was very different though (still amazing!)
But I would use the Lithuanian spelling, like Augustinas
Yes it is hard as it sounds, try having stable currency while splitting the economy in half
Either 06-11-2016 or 2016-11-06, the standard currently is the latter one.
Does it hang there all year round?
"Vasara" in lithuanian means "summer" :D
show that Nato doesn't work or satisfy 'pride' of Russian population or shift attention to external enemy when inside situation is shity.
Make UKIP, Le Pen and AfD elected and suddenly support for Baltic's drops like a fly when nuclear bomb detonated over fly's head.
We bought him pink flowers and on that day, the sky was all pink
We can always move Danes somewhere else.
Dragon: Darkonas for a general dragon, Aitvaras for the local variety (which has been portrayed in a variety of forms but some are close to a dragon)
In terms of ads in cities it's way different, mainly because our cities had anti random ads policies for a couple of decades now iirc
there's some disgusting comments in this thread
Russia is far from being stronger than USSR was.
Official statistics portal of Lithuania shows that Lithuania stabilized population-wise in 2019, so you prolly saw data before 2017-2018
And the list of parties would be to big to fit in one map
Hannibal Lecter who is supposed to be from Lithuania [doesn't have a Lithuanian accent] and Marko Ramius (portrayed by Sean Connery) in "The Hunt for Red October" had [his normal Sean-Connery accent]
Lithuanians value their independence.
Always knew about your love for Jesus, but please, don't go crusading in all 4 directions, okay?
>Labas, mano vardas Jonas
anglophone :/
I have one more bird song, to really impress someone, who hasn't heard it
Vilnius, Kaunas, Anykščiai, palanga, Kretinga, Klaipėda are all just the same
Wont change much
Same country, school did not have any lockers, just changing rooms
I would have been done a long time ago, but the first response was unsatisfactory.
So heavily guarded
• Mindaugas (our first and only king)
Norway
But those buildings now are mainly abandoned, only few are used for border police to do bigger bus and import/export checks
Humans are not perfect, too much accuracy could indicate an AI.
That's nothing insane
So you Greeks have Christmas on December 25th (not like Russian Orthodox), but the Easter correspond to the Russian Easter rather than Western
If you want to give your kid a more "exotic" name or a rare name from another language, you need to proof that it's actually a real name and not a letter combination you threw together with dart after 5 beer
Maybe some random hill that is higher than 350 meters would also be nice
All I'm hearing is excusing yourself for under performing.
> if you think that they are better off than Lithuania
Open door: "Were you born in a bus
Next time remember to check your *privilege*
Yeah, the old ones are basically celebrities constantly giving out interviews form jail, the unjailed ones try to pass of as legit businessmen now, and the new ones are not yet caught and know better than to become household names
It is a roller coaster designed by Julionas Urbonas that is designed to kill people without damaging the roller coaster itself
McDonald's isn't the most popular fast food chain in Finland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania though - it's the Finnish brand [Hesburger]
DeMiko
19th-20th centuries famous figures :
Going to Lithuania for the weekend.
Happy birthday, friends
My sister lives in Ardea, near Rome, and her water supply is practically mineral water
\- Ehh
There are two that come to mind
He got some practice on a low-paid internship, developed his skills,  and now has inner peace, a job he enjoys with people he likes, and easy employment prospects with good pay
In Lithuania we don't have any Burger Kings at all
Lithuania national stadium
Probably after the investigation.
They want to make it so people stay in Klaipėda then go to Neringa without their car and take a bus/bike to see the sights
Yeah that argument pisses me off too.
They've all been pretty great, except Belgium and Lithuania (sorry, guys!).
I was at my gfs uncle house(they are Lithuanian) , first time I had visited them in UK.
The cost is supposed to restrict it
Blitzkrieg
Belgium isn't that big after all
Exotic, fun and interesting would be more precise description, so there's that
So people mixed, that happens, you know.
I have translated some Russian propaganda as seen on Lithuanian social media to English [OC]
AH SHIT I SLIPE
Bielo is regular crazy, Russia is special kinda of crazy (nukes and stuff).
Something doesn't seem right
Wouldn't telescopes in space be more useful for this?
But I don't mind that
(That one riot in Vilnius also helped)
Destroyed europe's last crusaders while avoiding the cross like vampires
Otherwise there is no point being in EU
they're citizens of ISIS now
Lithuania - it's been a long time since I've seen the police or fire fighters mistreating people and vice versa.
Lithuania's looks like a zombie lmao
We must have very expensive booze.
It's a blueberries
Cepelinai - if you ever go to Lithuania, go to a traditional food restaraunt and try it
This whole ancient Greece thing is just a western homogay fabrication, to hide the fact that all western culture is actually Russian culture.
Problem with this is that different kebab shops have different prices so it does not compare well while Big mac is sold by one brand so somewhat similar prices.
The symbol of Vilnius and the only remaining part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania Castle of Gediminas
2019 was soooo last decade
It's really sad that most of people here (Lithuania) has no idea of what's going on in your country or the mass of it.
Whole 22C heatwave right now
At least thats a theory I heard
It was really cute
I am an American descendant of Dr Basanavicius.
Man yra malonu susipažinti
But older people give bribes in hopes it will make doctor treat them better and stuff.
Oh for fuck's sake, we just got it back from Russia!
In fact Poland is very close to Belaurs.
And German Jews were fully assimilated, spoke German and only had mildly different religion that didn't interfere with their public life.
Please don't compare apples to oranges, and please don't make terrorism appear like an accident, because it isn't.
29€)
For some reason I was expecting something more negative and imaginative coming from Lithuania.
With an extremely low population, a weak economy and cold beaches, it's just not on the radar for the average German.
Fhjufcb gffb
Hopefully our first gay parliament (Tomas Raskevičius) member with Armonaitė will change things
The always come out liking everybody and have an optimistic outlook on the future in those kind of surveys.
For the last time I don't know where your car is bro, ask Sweden about it!
Cause now its either arguing like it is shown in different wikis or blatantly claiming that if a person achieved something he just must be Polish.
However, if more and more people have access to the internet and use it daily, a global language could be "held together" in a sense, with language shifts not happening in only one place, but also spreading through the entire world
My brother has lived in tge netherlands for a few months and said that the density of roads is awful
I have yet to see such person
Granted, the discussion could be whether the current amount is fair if you compare the Duch with the Finnish, but you can't compare the in-out money with, say, Lithuania.
Any word that has cases
Pretty much in every city all over Europe
Or play as colonizers
Children go to school and both parents can work.
Yeah because modern day socialists are the exact same as communists of interwar period
He sure was all buddy buddy with him when he got what he wanted
In Lithuania we don't have any Burger Kings at all
We do not live in a patriarchal society
NATO countries bordering Russia obviously have their own armed forces, which should probably be counted towards NATO forces
guys, we are officially northern europe for a while, not eastern, don't be so defensive.
And how many were lets say "Under new management"?
> Lithuania is fictional
"Altorių šešėly" should be [thicker]
Metro or tram is way cooler than a fancy bus or trolleybus
I don't think many actually do in 21st century
I don't get it
I moved to Europe from the US in February and I was planning on only staying a year to travel and now, I don't think I'm ever going back
**You fricking idiottttttt**
Till French and Austria decide to split it :D Also Italians don't forget that you will be fighting in inland sea, gallies are OP!
Besides the UK, they hate everyone
Luckily, being persistent with questions or reading up about what is going on and where you should be sent to next can make you immune from bribe-doctors
In Lithuanian there are genders, but we know it instantly when we hear or see the word, cause everything ending with s is masculine and everything ending with a or e is feminine except for very few minor exceptions
There are no woman on that island
I agree with the ai
[Not exactly what I was looking for but basically the same, just the one I like is from different angle.
I am guessing this is one of those things which spread trough trade routes and a lot of countries have similar word?
We also have kaukai which are little dwarves, or creatures that help people taking care of them
I live 6km from city line, but its 11km to city centre, 12km to my job, 7/18/20km to malls and hardware stores
It's laughable to compare USSR and Russia.
We have at least one tiny "socialist"-leaning-communist party.
- Clarkson
A voluntary union of sovereign countries with a flag, an anthem, a currency, a parliament, expansionist foreign policy, a central bank, a constitution, free movement, open borders, trade policy and possibly soon an army.
And you should be ashamed of making such arguments
Something simillar with President Brazauskas and Latvians happened in 1990s here
Don't be obtuse this map shows what some of the more prominent peoples of the USSR typically look like(and their national dress) you just can't include everyone in a one page map.
Well Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania have a prohibition of alcohol consumption in public places AFAIK.
You would pay 20% on luxury items (televisions), but basics are 0% (bread).
Like playing though
We took your land and still havent gotten any mountains and good luck to finland trying to understand our weather
Well it is supported by European commision.
The main opposition is currently:
Many English words have become slang and are often used in my own language
They [have] probably its the same as with Latvian - F and H is only in loan words.
Vilnius, Kaunas, Anykščiai, palanga, Kretinga, Klaipėda are all just the same
To reach Latvia i only need to make two turns left
Maybe they have some similarities, but so does every IE language.
Aww, thanks bro
Slovenians just hit different
How often do you use it versus the english language one
Especially considering that there are 40 year olds that still remember a siege of the Vilnius TV tower
It's not really about history or statues it's about this,
Yeah, what does Finland have to do with Santa Claus!?
So I'm just painting minis by my own and only playing RPGs in video game form
Really shocking
Well, I'm from Eastern Europe (Lithuania) and I personally love how loud and seemingly extroverted you southerners are.
"Assimilated" kind of like how Lithuania was "liberated" by the USSR or how we use "advanced interrogation techniques" on terrorists
Intelligent governments consisting of hundreds of brilliant minds had a lot more ideas how to prevent casualties and actually strategize in battles
[neturėjom dainos] - Solo Ansamblis
Neo-Pagan Europe when
Then trolls began appearing in school classes showing porn to kids and snuff videos
Yeah man, there was no internet back then
Make the decision based on which university is the best in your chosen field.
To own a gun: psychological evaluation, passed gun use training, guaranteed place to store
for voting the opposition at the next elections
Still it probably would been better to have your books banned than this:
Though sometimes it does just sound like a long sneeze.
You don't need a passport to enter
You could argue then that a business owner and now a politician voting on laws that make business environment better is acting on his own interests but it also helps others too
I mean where this hatred is coming from
I don't mind to be honest
There hasn't been a traditional culture since WW2, but since the fall of the Soviet Union and rising economy, village and regional ethnocultural tourism is rising, even though it's mostly city-dwellers spending their money on newly-built infrastructure.
Also if you are bored you can see India repetitively crashing in the Northern islands (is that how they are called?) if you move you mouse over the map and out fast.
Poland is like Europe's China, they make everything
Those are the only ones I could pick up.
No, it doesn't include the word "german" in any form
The local nobility in the East wasn't polonized by force, they choosed to be polonized, there's a lot of books on this topic.
How about the people that own the land or the tools keep the results of their work
– having for centuries staunchly defended its freedom and independence,
Ich liebe trinkt mineralwasser
A great example of why we have a problem with the Balto-Slavic classification.
Entities can be for each country (less likely) or EU wide (very likely).
I really recommend it if you ever get the chance
Around 500 of savings go to investing and the rest is kept for down payment for my own place, that I plan to put into ~2% savings account every 6 months just to get some extra cash
Do you deny he was jailed for a peaceful protest ?
The Lithuanian one is not even a swear word, it's just a verb meaning 'to swear'.
The title is misleading in that case.
I assume there wont by any trouble in UK getting a cloudy sky
• Algirdas
Rest in peace, Stefan, you will be missed by me and so many others
> Lithuania is fictional
-bėgiojančių - of people that run (Not runners
Vilnius University for general studies, Kaunas technical university for engineering
They litter the house and poor ash into beer, or milk and if the owner doesn't clean up and drink the beer, the kaukai consider this as a pact
We have one of the most forested countries and
Lithuania was much more civilised than I expected.
Hmm, there are shady areas here we call the equivalent of no go zones.
thanks for making me feel old and dusted
Somewhat yes 3-4 dialects with different accents having 4 different accents for a country this small is weird
Lithuania doesnt really matter either, yet we see plenty of submissions..
I've moved a fair bit over Lithuania as a whole, I don't have any real attachment to any bit of it
I don't think our media has yet discovered clickbait, but I might be wrong.
And this is just another example of how people always confuse Lithuania and Latvia
To be fair, so does the Lithuanians..
Same, my Lidl recently had rabbits
that could be a reason
Well, it's easier for them since they speak one official language, we on other hand, united in diversity.
It has a bunch of dumbass politicians who keep fucking up our country
After that additives like quince fruit, cherries, or nuts are added
We have them in a sense, but not the American one
You forgot about wars with Poland/Lithuania.
It is on the parliament's web site
Combat is very different from terror attacks or simple crime.
Adoption of the DAB radio failed in Lithuania, and it was suspended in 2009, because there was absolutely no demand for it.
In Lithuanian it's "pasiruošes ar ne, aš ateinu” or "einu ieškoti".
English, which is pretty much it.
We still celebrate Dziady (Vėlines in Lithuanian), žolinės (Zielna), Jorė (Idk how it's called in polish, rasos šventė (morning dew holiday) and even more
And the next couple of days are a bit cooler, so that's good
Pretty sure Lithuania has nuclear power or is working towards it again (following the shutdown of their previous reactor as part of an agreement to join nato.)
There have been many instances where party line was more important than the actual interest of the country
Finland, Estonia and Latvia all border Russia proper and Lithuania and Poland border the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad.
The Lithuanian Language commission (yes, a thing like this actually exists) introduce these fake lithuanian words in order to "save the language" or something, but nobody really takes it seriously
It's not like I didn't understand them, I'm familiar with some words, but I'm from the post-Soviet generation, and never learned Russian
* Mindaugas (first and only King of Lithuania)
*Ramus kaip belgas*, calm as a Belgian.
Not a direct democracy, but a constitutional republic.
Bit problematic while traveling because whole family can have different surnames
New Year's Day, the Day of Restoration of the State of Lithuania, Day of Restoration of Independence of Lithuania, Easter, International Labor Day, Mother's Day, Father's Day, St.
[Any Russian would be terrified.]
It's an argument against ridiculous wage disparities.
People of Smolensk are waiting for their Lithuanian overlords.
The differences between Polish and Lithuanian are marked as "big".
I brought Nivea back for my grandmother, stuff is still cheaper
Shooting is only legal in self defense or defense of others, OR in shooting ranges (military and police personel can use their respective facilities, there are few private ranges too)
There's even a chance for the country to break out and be independent again, although it's highly unlikely for russia to give a away St
either the [Cathedral] or [Gediminas Castle] (which is only a tower now)
Egle is so upset she basically murders her children and kills herself, happy ending for this fairy-tale
Wew...we're barely above Lithuania, according to that graph :/
Other policies included the abolition of capital punishment and economic redistribution in the countryside.
With A-GPS you don't get good enough accuracy?
To make it work, you'd need 2 referendums.
It worked in USA, why wouldn't it work in France?
The thing they don't decide, they're forced to wear it.
Not so much as unemployment, you can find a job if you want, but wealth inequality.
The contrast is insane
There are some people who think that Ukraine might join EU some day.
Which translates into less money being available in capital markets and investments and then this sub cries when americans buy up all of our startups
What is Lithuanian for "BANZAI"?
Capitalism has lifted the most people out of the poverty this is a fact
After all, you spent money on it, so leaving it to be thrown out would be a waste of money
Chisinau, Moldova
Putinbots are working overtime today.
] Poems should not be turned in to anthems
;) I really enjoy studying about lesser-known countries in Europe or like regions within them (like Slovenia, Bosnia, Basque Country, Belarus, Latvia, Lithuania, Montenegro) but Slovenia just captured my heart when I read about it.
Czechia is to the Czech republic what Ireland is to the Republic of Ireland
I agree with [Gediminas tower] more so defining the capital
My grandpa told me that it was very common in Lithuania and Latvia that girls would suicide if they got pregnant by a Russian.
Labai gražus miestas
Anyway, my bike computer has a thermometer and while I don't trust it 100% (bought in in Lidl for like 7€) it [heated up to 45C] in just a couple minutes of direct sunlight
Food prouduction, for a example Lithuania imports milk from Latvia, makes cheese out of it and sends it back.
I guess a Lithuanian that hates basketball or beer or black bread or cold beetroot soup
I mean, good job on you for staying and not leaving your street just like loads of other people your age?
I haven't seen then anywhere for more than 15 years or so
No, Latvia and Estonia were actually a little larger during the Interwar and I think Latvia still has/until recently had some claims on a bit of territory in Russia(not 100% sure tough)
We actually have a refugee center in Lithuania and refugees don't even want to come here.
Do you want it
Lugano was my only visited Swiss city
Because we are small, mostly irrelevant and our young emigrants benefit western nations nobody will care.
I know, I'm saying there is no word for valstietis in english.
fml
Even apples are Polish :D
I speak 3 language (Lithuanian, English, Russian) yet as a waitress I had to resort to lots of handsigns and drawing pictures (if I am a tourist I usually just use phone to find pictures or Google translate stuff)
Choose one
Climate Change in Lithuania is all on EU because our ruling "Peasants and Greens" party turned out to be not green at all
And it has to do with Europe fuck all
If you did register with ID then its fine to ask for it when deleting
Constantinople will return to Greek rule one day
However, most young people call themselves Christian because their parents were Christian but it's been many years since the last time they went to church and they never pray.
I am SCARED of summer, most people here dont have AC since
Luck which happens rarely in history
Especially while you are still in?
Don't forget about parts of Lithuania and Ukraine, some Czechia and Slovakia lands and Moldava as a vassel.
This is entirely based on your circumstances and where you live and how you live
Depends on a language, for Lithuanians it's easy to spell.
I'm dryer that yer mum's privates
The US government has been constantly fighting for the freedoms in other countries that it espouses and models itself on.
Just general things like that could be the reasons why those reforms are not passed right now.
>"apsišaukėlis" (impostor, pretender)
Also, as the photo in the OP is taken from very far away, the distance between the buildings in the foreground and background can be several kilometers
Daughter's surname ends with -aitė, -ytė, -ūtė..., showing the gender and unmarried family status in the family
* will we learn both languages
Klaipėda is ours as well, and we live in a pretty successful country
Disneyland
Why Eesti into Nordic if Finland can into Baltic?
Not really, Vilnius was apart of Poland for around 20 years if you don't count the commonwealth
When politicians think they have more of a right to not be pepper sprayed than an average citizen
In Lithuanian you can very often skip I, you and similar words, because context usually is very clear what you are talking about, different grammar rules help with that
Yeah, it's hard to not notice that.
It is not that people are OK with it, but as always in Lithuania, first people are against something but take no action against it besides rageing on the internet and later they are against it but just dont bother to even say something.
I am stating opinion of people who actually lived in VILNIUS region and you are going to brush it off?
Castle Bled
I live in the baltics :))))))))) so soothing, right?
Used to mean every soft drink, but now we use vaisvandenis (fruit water) with limonadas reserved for lemon and water.
In Baltics its super popular
Metro lines in Vilnius
But exclusively during english lessons I personally write printed ones because it makes my bad handwriting seem less wack
*Suddenly Latvians start anti Irish campaign, economy expected to grow by 100%*
Which is sad, buuuuuut it opened peoples minds and  they realised thet not all of vilnius looks like that, so now major productions like stranger things are coming to vilnius
Lithuanian is basically the same you have a word and then a bunch of grammar slots before or after a word that you use.
Nobody before really used terms like Easter and Wester Europe.
Yeah, but he's less known here
Šimtas vienas, šimtas du, šimtas trys
No, Lithuania and Belarus aren't at war, but any cooperation seems difficult over completely differeny political systems and ambitions...
Google translated it as st
NO FUKEN PUB
Lithuanian Helsinki Group, Chronicle of the Catholic Church in Lithuania, Lithuanian Liberty League
Vycka tavim didžiuotusi
And now I feel stupid
Why is it that other people don't want to learn French, or at least prefer Italian
Although I probably am lacktose intolerant(i get some bloating after i drink milk) I don't give a fuck and still drink like 2-3 liters a week
Iš kur tu
One of those recent Europe's GDP (PPP) maps showed Lithuania has bigger GDP (PPP) than Portugal.
What about drug dealers, thieves and such, who have a lot of unaccounted income
Ordering and conversing in a foreign language is the new normal for Britain.
Papa get the [uniformen]ė#/media/File:Lietuvos_kariuomene_1938.Army_of_Lithuania_in1938.jpg) outta closet.
Oh I'm not arguing about the stigma surrounding seeking help, just saying that people underestimate the help that's available
But I don't like the idea of how clever they are and eating them makes me really sad
From what I've heard, there really aren't that mamy great movies made here
In England, in addition reverse roads, bicycles have their brake levers other way around (left for back, right for the front wheel).
That means the 21st century is 2001 to 2100, inclusive
Balkanites/Lithuanians/Latvians are all mafioso pimps running drugs.
We're finally included in something
I looked it up and we are both correct.
It's a vicious cycle in Lithuania - when people leave small towns, so does entertainment , and people feel bored and move to a large city, and as a result all concerts, plays, circuses etc go to the large cities
There is an interesting story how he tried to pass up for a noble by changing his van to a von
And there also is a huge chunck of parties that are made for one issue and don't really go in to pro west or east debate (like pirate parties just focus on copyright laws)
Rockstar isn't British
Is it smarter to buy a used car in Greece, Lithuania or somewhere inbetween?
You got Lithuania wrong
Lithuania was never a vassal of Poland.
The history of the Grand Duchy is taught differently and different aspects are accentuated between us and say Belarusians
How can Russia kill us Lithuanians if we are already dead inside?
And what is the issue
theoretically that's already a thing.
Proving once again - tax funded media is very fallible and majority rule is simply crap
At first I thought the title is wrong and citizens are being agitated to relocate to Russia *with Lithuania*.
As a Lithuanian, I find this very funny, thank you
I would have to say Anykščiai and Nida are very good places to visit when you are in Lithuania
Of course I don't think a pistol is going to do much against a tank
As for traditions, if you were to drop them that'd be more of an assimilation than integration.
The lyrics are beautiful and don't feel like they're fake (like in a lot of modern music), but actually very real and comming from the songwriters heart
Not a far right one, but still.
My city of Nemenčinė has one of the oldest churches in Lithuania (circa 1387)
Vainiką rūtų, vainiką rūtų...
We have plenty of natural underground water
Baltic nations (balts) are different from slavs (russians and so on), with their own languages, history, traditions, etc.
I have no complexes about calling myself eastern European.
That's pretty much the same distance as crossing Germany from west to east from BeNeLux
So we've been using "Czechia" already anyway for a long time
The claim that this leaflet makes.
Bruh, never in history has lithuania had any other name for beer
As time went by I got better with it by watching more cartoons and using the Internet
rylį? vį hev a breik diūring spring taim of tių vyks ai belyv
Old houses that use coal or wood heaters temperature cannot be controlled very well, and house can heat up to 26C.
It's a pagan holiday, celebrated on the night of midsummer solstice
I'm developing feelings for that guy
I lived in the US for many years and spoke my native tongue only an hour or two a week when I called my family
Radziwiłł family (wealthiest Polish*-lithuanian magnate family)
Kosovo best girl ️
Young ones know English, older ones know Russian.
More kids = more people earning money for the family, add medical achievements of 20th century which reduced mortality before adulthood and you get population explosion.
Thus I questioned the need to add the additional colouring to the Baltic countries (or any other country).
How many will actually choose that when the option become clear?
"Litua a paganis" is from latin letter informing what Saint Bruno(German missionary) was brutally murdered near Lithuanian and Kievan rus border.
Atleast Lithuania is top 3 in something
Because Polish and Russian are only slightly more related than Polish and Lithuanian.
Lithuania wants to be third, not second.
All I was saying is that some might consider lithuania, latvia and obciously estonia a northern european country, becouse they all either go above or are on the same latitude, than denmark, which is considered a scandinavian, so automatically also a northern country, and if baltics are above the latitude of a northern country, they're also northern
Our family policies compared to Scandinavia are disfunctional.
The credit rating agency simply shows where I am in relation to other people of similar age.
We all lived through that
The Irish People deserve self-determination
The interesting thing will be NATO commitments.
At least 10+ years ago kids in elementary school were able to stay home if it's -20°C and older kids could do so if it's -25°C.
You can pick the car up and leave it in designed spots or even other cities
>Lithua
You can find it in other Baltic States, Nordics and also Central Europe
Latvian is a drunk Lithuanian, can't speak normally, mostly uses jargon and russian words.
But I have a sudden urge to travel
It just turns out that it benefits me when it also benefits you
Valančius is lithuanian equivalent of Valantson
It's super good, but franchisers rarely pick Lithuania, so we don't have Starbucks, Burger King, Domino's, etc
Then we learn about the German surrender, the peace terms, the Nuremberg trials, and then finally there's one small page on what Japan did and about how it was nuked
It looks like a poor attempt at being Swiss, more than anything Scandinavian
Lithuania doing same with buying out German self-propelled artillery weapons.
Usually on friday or sunday (to relax after stressful week or relax before stressful monday)
I moved as soon as I could (60km
Yes everyone is free to leave (in every way) :D
Saying that Lithuania today is not the same country as 99 years agoo like saying you are not the same person you were 3 years ago because like 99% cells in your body was replaced...
But you have a point
Lithuania here
A lot of people from Eastern Europe seem to think we're insulting them when in fact we're just neutral, we use "Russia" has a generalization and while I understand it might seem insulting to a lot of you the truth is we never had any history with countries like Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, etc.
Rookie numbers
I'm certain that Schengen and Euro will have to be adopted if they'll want back into the Union
From my experience they're a little goofy compared to us sad potato sacks
But Stalin had no problem with it
I can understand it with no background noise, but if Someone was talking like that in a pub or restaurant with people chatting in the background then it would be hard to follow.
There's a long standing dispute about the Arctic between Canada and US
Vilnius in 1940 vs Vilnius in 2020
I agree
* Soviet military aggression against Lithuania during 1991, including the January Events and Medininkai Massacre
Same
In my experience, some say we are Central Europe because there's a claim that the geographic center of Europe is in Lithuania
Then thats perfect
Still
I went to Rome immediately after Sicily
If you hear "Hey dumbass, duck" you will know it is happening.
Look at the communist and our old flag
First of all I doubt most of us could recognize all the nobility by face.
Just watched the video
And perhaps the funniest one
More people -> more internet browsing history -> more history
Albania is such a cool sounding name though
It's not Marseille, it's the Kings Landing
The interesting thing is that Christmas (Kalėdos) in lithuania is by some still called "Saulėgrįža", which can be translated as "The return of the sun".
Upstairs I've cited percentage of people living below 1.9usd a day at PPP.Poland 0.02%,Lithuania 1.03%.Such thereshold is considred extreme poverty.You may feel comfortable living in one of the world richest countries.Not everyone manage to leave for such or rely on support from relatives living in such.
Engineering (mainly mechanical manufacturing/repair)
[There's this guy] but other than that, I don't really know
They are preservatives, albeit you're right as they are not as potent as salt
While their army was occupying it...
Tbh I'm not sure, entire studies are happening right now to find out why
I think that we should just start dividing stuff in to "Wine Europe", "Beer europe", "Vodka Europe" and be done with it
Are you asking what language it was, or the origin of the word?
My parents speak with each other in russian cause they like it.
Ive lived in many places in lithuania, even the poorest people make huge effort to have their lawn cut, house exterior made clean and tidy, have fences fixed and decorete it all with plants
[Let's look at the stats
Hear it everywhere
There's probably more issues, I'd fix them I cared enough (or knew how to edit wiki pages)
To compare it with Russian Empire would simply be factually incorrect.
Morally terrible, but when it works.
Sounds like a cool little club, but I'll be honest, I know next to nothing about Latvia and Lithuania.
There was also a few other basilisk legends from kraków or warsaw
I don't know what else you could do, is it okay to let them stay in Germany living on no benefits?
Like in all other countries maybe?
This is because we both declared independence from the Soviets twice, right
Yes this was the person in question.
Mama ar aš tavo vaikas
:P And that's why I wrote a more serious comment in brackets.
British government accused of neglecting Cornish culture | UK news
In the pool I go to, younger women shower with their swimsuits on but older women are naked.
I believe if you have something to orientate to (aka sun) people don't walk in a circle.
I go for something with lots of meat, cheese and fat
Feels uncomfortable man
Have you ever thought about what you would do if anything were to happen again
The problem came when we refused being on their side and choose neutrality which lost us the Klaipėda region to Nazi Germany and after Ribbentrop Molotov pact came into affect they sold us for bits of Poland since they failed their main goal - having us on their side.
Yeah, he's right
You'll be invited on March 11th to celebrate our second independence day
Putin's not going to risk that.
I live in Punskas
Vilnius: Competing with Kaunas
rich history, Polish-Lithuanian Kingdom comes to mind.
Get the fuck out and to the west before they mass deport us again.
Stop praising communists, then.
Monaco, Monaco
How people see the police force in different countries
Go through multiple proxies or VPN servers when making many requests.
We had a suggestion to ban the sale of alcohol in all stores that are closer than 250 m.
We, along with Poles, probably made UK to decide to leave the EU
Depends on who chooses to oppose Russians in doing that.
Edit: it's actually a hypothetical design with a scale model but it got a lot of attention from the media for it's concept of ending lives
Russia – the 3rd Russian annexion
Mainly Estonians about how they are slow
Between lithuanians nowadays its considered national, just like the new line of Voruta wines
Ya that is nearly not enough to mean anything of you compare it to Ukraine for example, which started from a thing called Euro Maidan
It has become such a meme here I thought it was another joke post, can't wait for a sequel "a tent on lake Bled".
Here in US - Kerrygold is literally everywhere
It's just that there was an other post on this sub, that clasified baltics as central europe, and many people (mostly others, not baltic people) disagreed, and said they think it was northern, so I thought it's a commond thing to think, but I guess not
Just 510 years (excluding interest) and it will pay for itself!!
I don't see what's the problem, I don't think UK has enough nuclear specialists to build power plants, China definitely does.
And I also have relatives on your side by the border so I could justify being by the border :)
Meh, most everybody here agrees irl we're EE, barring crybabies on the i ternet
You don't hear much from the villages except alcoholism and murder.
You can find nice girls anywhere in Europe, except England.
Maybe DeMiko is one of the better YouTubers, but I don't watch him anyways
Mostly helicopters
Let's send em' some Lithuanian beer and Latvian food.
It's still aired on national broadcaster, can't watch it on their online stream though, no copyrights!
For me, buckwheat, salt, water, some butter is all I need to make a meal
NO HUGGING
Moldova can into coastline
You're Belarussian and you think that
Baltics have had variation of about ten places in this index for last ten years and Lithuania is doing worse this year than previous year.
No, it's not
Looks like we, Baltic states, don't have any regions in the countries
In my opinion if stores find it profitable to work on sundays and people go on sundays what is the fucking problem?
Hell, the first thing i did after my 16 birthday was get an id card.
How does Gypsy look different from other Romanians?
The Lithuanian state is an independent democratic republic
I'm Iron werewolf, I made one duke scared once so much he built city on that place.
My IT teacher said that January 1, 2000 was the first day of 21st century
Because they're all Germanic languages that have a lot of similarities to English
Correct date is 2016/11/09 not 09/11/2016
It's getting warm \~24
Buying bullets is also registered i think
Several political parties put a lot of effort into convincing everyone that we need a subway in Vilnius.
Watching cats sleep together on a bench in Croatia
Turn Comino in to one big solar plant and you are set for life
While the American president serves as both the head of state (being the "face" of the nation) and head of government (leading the cabinet), in many other countries the head of government is the PM (or Chancellor)
So everybody’s mixing now
Baltic countries get additional colouring to mark that there're some ethnic minorities, while the rest of the countries do not.
I both like it but also dislike it for many reasons
The UN has reclassified Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania as Northern European countries instead of Eastern European
Here in US - Kerrygold is literally everywhere
It shows that extremists are getting desperate as their caliphate crumbles under a weight of a thousand laser guided bombs.
Gun related deaths are incredibly rare overall.
How so
Yeah, but you speak the Slavic language
Unsurprisingly, same in Lithuania.
It could be translated something like "after a certain point (in the past) we just couldn't gather enough [wood sorrels] anymore (like we used to many times before that)"
Its just the countries they know in general
Our government is currently:
and they are boringly repetitive
With all its issues Russia is still far from the point where the only way left is up
So you could just put two prices next to each other - with and without taxes
Or people in the UK are more obsessed about migrants from within EU - polish and lithuanian, for example?
Visitors that were influenced by the Tree will be motivated to go out and visit local cafés, restaurants, attractions, leaving the minimum wage workers tips that are more than what the local Lithuanians can pay their brethren and that results in these workers spending money in retail stores, food joints etc.
Lithuanian: My native language and I use it every day.
I support your decision but those three seconds will not be the only difference, you'll have to pay more too
Honestly, milk is the best thing ever
Ant stalo stovi kasa
EDIT: Your point about democratic approaches is valid - it hasn't been done and it might be much better, but is it possible at all
The way I see it, Europe should be secular, and if not, at least some form of Christian as it has long and deep roots with Europe.
What the fuck, no thanks
If somebody owns a board game, more likely than not, it's going to be Alias
I took the bus, the vilnius-riga bus is most certainly not 4 hours.
Sailing around Estonian islands is a great adventure, so many interesting little islands and people are quite chill and friendly.
I was assigned in my school to be Cannabis Man because of being skinny :(
Besides, most of the people I met think foreign accents are sexy
Rock ballad & absolute all time favorite: Hiperbole - Pamiršk mane
And the EU part, from my understanding Belarusian people don't currently have a wish for it, that's why we don't see Russian tanks running around Minsk already
Yeah, it should say "Portugal"
Learned castillano, spoke it daily
24 degrees today in Vilnius
Well we can try, even don't think that here something very different would be, quite good should work out, close to what would be with English structure
Living in UK for a year, I've been asked if I'm Polish far more often than if I'm Russian and probably only once or twice it was nailed down to Lithuanian, by other Lithuanians that is
No, Feminine words end with **-a** or **-e** (similar to Lithuanian, only it has **-ė** instead, which is a long vowel)
they make a lot
Isn't that in entire world
In Lithuanian, among other languages, words Olandija and Niderlandai are synonymous and both are used when reffering to the Netherlands, so don't get too angry at foreigners :))
But they're definitely not going to do that, Ubisoft is quite Vanilla and sticks to the histories that are well-known in the Anglo-sphere, Hellenic period, British empire, Vikings
I agree to you
What are they fleeing from in Lithuania?
British people, why do I see people celebrating Thatcher's death
Also because Mozart is one of my favourite composers
Only some Lithuanian Grand Dukes had claimed that they are of Roman descent
> Šakotis: bottom shelf
It's illegal to sell [energy drinks] to anyone under 18.
1) it prevents the rise of Muscovy (which in turn saves us from endless wars)
Fucker should have thought before feeding all that grain to Nazis
For example, "door" is "durys" and, despite being 1 door, it's already plural
Last time Internet went down was maybe 3 weeks ago when the ISP said "there's a big problem in our servers" for 3 days straight.
yeah fuck abortions
This is a very proud moment for lithuanians
Unless housing next to the volcano is cheap enough to be close to being free, I'm pretty sure there are always some choices, especially in the 21st century when people aren't tied down to the same village for their whole lives
He passed democratisation laws, he didn't even use presidential transport, he actually took busses with the commoners, he said that the Lithuanian people were too poor for him to use their tax money on petty things like presidential transport.
English: Dont piss against wind - you will get a sip
Latvia and Lithuania are among the biggest contributors per capita, in one of them conscription is even still active if I'm not mistaken.
"The treaty also contained a secret clause allowing Soviet forces unrestricted movement within Soviet-recognized Lithuanian territory for the duration of Soviet hostilities with Poland; this clause would lead to questions regarding the issue of Lithuanian neutrality in the ongoing Polish-Soviet War"
And that will work for her voters
Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was like the poorest country in Europe with worst administration...
Metro or tram is way cooler than a fancy bus or trolleybus
They just don't break down, so the repair prices don't matter
Oh my god, that song has literally been resurfacing and echoing in my head randomly for years, and I never knew what I was called until now
The potatoes of all other nations are inferior.
The King had as much power as szlachta granted him and he was bound by never disagreeing with them, otherwise rokosz awaited.
We're not talking about how, or which culture change happened, but if it happened and the answer is yes, it did
They litterally want to have laws written based on Islam's teachings.
There's a lot of folk-like modern songs, so I've had to do some googling to make sure there's no made up folk songs like [for example this] So here's some of the modernized versions/interpretations of Lithuanian folk songs:
Latvia and especially Lithuania is going to reach it in few years.
I prefer english language to lithuanian
Any Latvians can explain the issue with Latgale?
Šiauliai have bicycle, photography, cat museums, big malls to shop, very known boulevard and other interesting places
Women also read more, are more likely to be teachers, and more likely to play musical instruments
Love you too, Ireland <3
Is it really that difficult to understand why Benelux might be uncomfortable with the Maas reference or Liths with the Memel comment.
On the note of flaming each other.
Only government buildings have it besides the tricolour  and the red Vytis flag
Estonia doesn't want to be associated with Lithuania probably
And the stars are their daughters :)
Eastern Europe is no place for weaklings.
With no HRE king Poland will just stomp Prussia at the beginning just to be safe
* in English)
It doesn't change anything
I don't think there is one ultimate dish though
still cute
Unless this is disguised marketing, make it into the news with retardation.
The majority of them either died in Soviet repressions in the following years or fled to the West, where they didn't really suffer any consequences, afaik
My personal favourite is Vilnius old town
Last time when me and my brothers said were not religious census lady just laughed and tried to write in catholic anyway, we noticed and stopped her.
Iš kur  esi
Unironically calls Americans faschists
And trade with Russia is only 13 percent in exports and 14 in imports, other 61 and 70 percent comes from other eu countries...
Oh right, it's 335 after taxes.
everybody in between and around, and Belarus too!
That's why I read a lot about WWII now, and sometimes it is a completely different story than I was taught in school
Read about Grutas Park in Lithuania if you want to know what happened to those statues :)
I do like some light rain in the summer tho
I couldn't help but notice your nickname
Estonians got really good CV-90 deal from Dutch, while Lithuanians got good PhZ-2000 deal from Germans.
[Telia's] most expensive plan in Lithuania costs the same as the cheapest one in the page you linked, while offering the same calls&SMS and way more data
All that comes up to me is partly cloudy skies, Sy scrapers and massive littering and gum fines
I just want the actual experience I guess
Despite all the rapid increases to the army budget (which I partly disagree with) and sometimes over-the-top Russia blaming, I guess our strategy finally paid off.
We do have stray cats, but not to the level of it being a problem, there's municipal cat houses/shelters spread around the neighbourhoods
It is a roller coaster designed by Julionas Urbonas that is designed to kill people without damaging the roller coaster itself
One of few countries in Europe where people are quite relaxed about th topic of firearms, and shooting is mostly seen as a sport for middle aged men.
It looks very Lithuanian, but the TV tower is blue at night
Some other sources than just a link to a graph: [link] [link]
Joja, joja, Lietuvaičiai,
Same as czech
While a lot of people who play games (not even hard gamers) quickly understand game controls, there was a video a while back where a guy filmed his girlfriend playing games for the first time and she even had diffuctly understanding movement, even though WSDA seems like the obvious thing (or arrow keys)
> I said a hip hop,
so how do the top ones without any pressure stay in place
Didn't you have the ref on the EU and your politicians still haven't done anything about it?
Mafia, nuff' said
Same in Lithuanian, "bičas", also often used as a translation of "dude"
Even video streaming should be totally fine at 300
Must be living under a rock :D
Pirtti means a kind of a peasant house.
Celtic Union of Northen Teritories
* 2019 presidential election, Nausėda won
The system was completely unable to provide food, but the black market provided most necessities.
I wouldn't say that it's to far fetched
First - learn the alphabet
Bride and Groom definitely had many other face expressions during the ceremony
Since the Restoration of Independence we spent, sadly, decades under occupation.
Yeah I wanted to write this
With all its issues Russia is still far from the point where the only way left is up
Please google where Vilnius is located
Besides, I find it satisfying pronouncing things properly, especially smooth R instead of rolled one
**Panzergrenadier** soldiers lined up in the cold to farewell Germany ahead of their deployment to Lithuania.
I have no clue what you are talking about
So half of the people are not ethnic Lithuanians
Also Lithuanian here
We in Lithuania don't even use our swear words
:D Did your simulation also had you save a princes or fend off Martian attack
origin of Vokietija is unknown
The number of Lithuanians that go to shop to Poland is barely more than 1% which is nothing.
There was also a lot of Estonians and Lithuanians around as there was a basketball tournament on and they all spoke to each other in English.
The Ussr's parliamant wrote them back:
In general grammar defines the spelling of the word when phonetically it's not clear
I hate them personally
Oh I will admit that was really funny, but it's better for us if Polish market does well.
Well we had tanks rolling in our street so I would not say it was without conflict.
As I heard, that is because people who have only one passport could be somehow “discriminated” by people who have dual citizenship
Estonia is Nordic to me (OUT OF THIS SUBMISSION I NEVER SAID THAT AND NO ONE CAN PROVE IT!)
I loved it
Some politicians in Lithuania said that the people responsible for these sham elections will be banned from entering Lithuania, and we'll work to ban them from entering EU at all
It wasn't against you guys, it's was from deep love and attachment.
Meant to describe a place in the middle of nowhere, but also that is hard to find (like a forest)
Well we have to compare ourselves to somebody, its just the east falls way behind so its boring, while comparing to west brings a challenge
I don't think it is to be honest lol
"Oh I've been there
You can't tell me what is erotic and what isn't!
Paris is Paryžius, though
French
There’s no longer huge divide
Rare to see a fellow Lithuanian in hot on Reddit
It starts with 1939 March when Nazi Germany annexed Lithuanian Klaipėda Region after an ultimatum – that was the last pre-WW2 German annexion
Y-yeah
Well Latvia and Lithuania are (kinda) and we will never leave you alone little Eesti
He refused to resist in ww2 and later joined ussr army
Labas, mano vardas Jonas, malonu susipazinti
[Yes there are]ų_korporacijos).
Simply because it’s in the name FREE universities, If another country had them well then it wouldn’t be considered cheaper
You can imagine two powers pushing two weak pawns to fight and weaken
(sorry if misspelled)
I think it's 2% for every currency.
Besides the ocassional, mostly bad, news from that part of the world, don't really care about it much.
Yeah
Tame=in him
In summary, Russia without Putin would have been on a rougher path, but with a brighter future ahead.
So Lithuania is divided into 5 regions (mažoji Lietuva, Žemaitija, Aukštaitija, Suvalkija, Dzūkija) and 4 out of those five (Žemaitija, Aukštaitija, Suvalkija, Dzūkija) have their own dialects of Lithuanian language
Now I get it
Hopefully
Really cold weather means everything stays on the ground and you get that.
After the last election we should be mostly orange.
Mockus, shortened, deviated version of South-Lithuanian (Dzūkų) name Macas spoken (Matas written), which is lithuanized version of polish surname Mackiewicz, which refers to male name Mateusz aka Mathew/Matt
There could be multiple reasons for Russia to do some nonsense, i.e.
USA biggest influence to foreign nations, protest all over, same with every other western country.
Have a lot in common regarding not wanting to deal with strangers or cracking a fake smile
If you want more, theres more to do
Wow, that's an unusual song
* **TS-LKD** (36 seats): Liberal conservative; pro-EU; centre-right
Maybe a few drunks or a group of guys making me uncomfortable by asking for my number and wanting to know if I have a boyfriend, but that normally happens in daytime
It's guaranteed that in every thread that mentions Lithuania, there will be anti-Polish comments.
They won't get into EU, no EU country will recognise them, they will have no currency, no money to support themselves.
But that used to be considered pure Lithuanian land...
Idk why, I've just heard people joking about it a lot, so I guess that would be it
Well we were taught that it happened and its consequences
_Baltic way intensifies_
Does it ship to other countries ?
Despite all that I dont lock my car, my bike, an inflatable boat lies on the grass behind unlocked gates at my in-laws, my own house doesnt have a fence, yet i keep outdoor items outdoors
On our most popular [news site] the article about the protests is on the front page, with over a thousand comments while other articles have up to 100
That doesn't really make sense.
Where i live, drinking tap water is not good anymore without either 1
Noone swears in Lithuanian, we all use loaned swear words from Russia or Poland
Nothing else
Our culture is sort of two-fold.
Estonian isn't even remotely related to Lithuanian.
I did a quick check in Delfi and apparently it's about the new government and it's plan for this year.
So they were involved in international firefight.
What exactly he said to our beloved Turkish gnome that he got sued for it?
Bit odd hearing "Wester Europe" from Portugal, Everything is basically east for you guys
The interesting thing is that Christmas (Kalėdos) in lithuania is by some still called "Saulėgrįža", which can be translated as "The return of the sun".
Interesting *coughs in 2008*
That said, Learning the language, even badly, is a great way to make a positive impression
Shouldn't Ireland be potatoes
It's good enough that I don't think about it.
I hate ignorant amercans
I am sure germans are getting bored with her, but for an outsider she was always the "wiser" politician
but the Americans or the British could work some of their spy magic and remove Erdogan from power in one way or another
Never heard the term, so can't answer
I wouldn't mind personally
If you live alone for example, you can your pistol in your nightstand in case of a home invasion
You may have heard the more popular name Audrey, comes from the French Audra
Not as far as I know
He sure was all buddy buddy with him when he got what he wanted
Sleeping in hotel with my classmates
Rainbow 6 Siege is not that bad.
Seriously
He's nice at first
Quality is superior though
Lithuania had an 11% growth rate in 2007
But Turkey is complicating their relations with other NATO members and shows open hostility towards them.
But unfortunately our languages aren't close enough to be mutually intelligible (we can't communicate in a meaningful manner)
I can also speak Russian, so I can pick some things from other slavic languages
Some visit Eastern Europe as tourists and of course many want to visit their ancestral towns.
The reign of Vytautas the Great, 1392--1430, obvs
Somewhat yes 3-4 dialects with different accents having 4 different accents for a country this small is weird
It's a little sad to see this kind of anti-Americanism - especially from Europe given that European democracy survived the latter half of the 20th century _only_ because of America.
cuckold
Estonia is different i think because they are protestant, had a german elite and were ruled by Germans and Swedes for some time
It's usually the suspect's parent, friend or spouse
but that's young peoples problem of course.
In this case Perkūnas riding a horse.
You've lived here for 10 years?
Vycka tavim didžiuotusi
There would have been Lithuania, but probably no Belarus.
Intercity buses:
I think someone here mentioned that Latvian bottles work in Lithuania even though they don't (?) have a deposit system, lol
word, world and the hardest of all...
If your nation had any self confidence, you would mature to demand reform to fair government and live as good, if not better, than germany
So if it is intentional, it's quite recent.
It's not weird, he knows what he's doing
Then thats perfect
Download app "bolt" for taxi when coming
They have their share of the blame
I was wondering if you could send few of those Celsius up north ?
Great Lithuanian Principality in Belarusian.
Maybe if they had treated their foreign subjects better the soviet union would still be intact
It could become autonomous part of Poland or Lithuania, in fact with Kalinigrad in Lithuania we would practically fullfill our [ethographic region] territories.
For example Ireland has the same colouring as England, we all know that English is spoken by 95%+ natively there, but English doesn't have status of an official language.
Lithuania and latvia are pretty similar with internet accessibility and speed
There are 20 apartments in their entrance so I think it kinda makes sense to get to know everyone at least slightly over 30 years
"Oh I've been there
Oh, I was just joking around, I know nothing about Lithuanian politics.
"Every kid that was sent to a GULAG and starved to death was a Nazi imperialist, who totally deserved it because America did slavery 100 years ago".
Aš esu parazitinės gorilų kovos profesionalas ir pats taikliausias snaiperis visoje Lietuvos kariuomenėje.
And what about Bulgarians/Romanians?
You're factually incorrect, there are various questions that do not just narrowly pertain to some "actual events". And in real life various circumstances that can not be factually established, and witness testimony differ even when several people saw the same event
On Youtube videos both may argue, but I don't think many actually hate you
Yes, there are lots of facebook groups dedicated to these things, mostly anti-vax
I just realized that its written like this, I though it was kinder + garden
Russia tried to stop us, shot at civil people, drove tanks over them, shot at journalists broadcasting live translation on tv, sent soldiers to kill our unarmed border guards
In Lithuania that was the case a week ago
The only time such a thing should even be constitutional in the first place is during wartime
I can already hear angry Estonian noises far in the distance approaching very very slowly
I sure hope you are right, by this "Money was always the states pressure point and now this stronghold slowly crumbles" I assume you have in mind crypto-currencies, you might be right, but they already understood the scope of change these currencies can bring, so state initiatives to regulate them are already popping up
That German has more patience than I.
When I asked my friend later on why she was talking with her in english when I came in, she just told me that she just instantly looked like a foreigner so she didn't even attempt to speak lithuanian with her
I'd punch you and then buy you a beer because mixed feelings
She said that women don't go outside after dark there, because they're likely to never come back.
This guy -  He is a classic meme here and even today I still can't seem to understand if his music is ironic or not
> and wrote how beautiful Lithuania is (could be wrong, just remember something like this from school)
The legend goes, that a woman was washing her clothes in the river when a crayfish gripped onto her hand
Realistically: none
We had snow like 3 days tops in whole "Winter".
You need to be shown a photo of the stupid grind of the head of the Lithuanian parlament while she was on the stage in Kiev during Maidan?
I have spyware from all over the world, I just don't discriminate.
Like, I'm driving to Ventspils (Latvia) while typing this (I'm in the back seat)
if you would count or say numbers in German, or similar to German, that would count as Germanized
Also šakotis, but it's more like a cake
Especially with Lithuania and the whole past stuff
Her family interrogates Egles children and the one daughter gives out the secret on how to get in touch with the snake-daddy, who then proceeds to be murdered by the brothers and uncles
Sounds like you're talking to the wrong people, I think a little unity in these times is called for.
I use English *way* more than Lithuanian, so I usually start forgetting words in Lithuanian and only know the English (and sometimes French) translation
And in Bratislava: it would be a great old town
So there's that
Was the truck supposed to be used for the infamous Christmas market attack, or was it the one that was used?
Livers of animals
10⁹ - milijardas
Latvian police, just like most European countries', don't choke black people for funzies, don't spray peaceful protesters with tear gas and don't injure AND murder innocent people in cold blood
What is the role of the German president then
And it's hard to get a Maestro in a lot of countries
Other three are pretty much standard divisions of governing/legislative bodies in every democratic country, don't know what exactly confuses you, care to elaborate?
Bad behavior in sauna and that Lithuania is somehow related to russia is the same here
Yeah neutrality served Baltics right too?
In Lithuanian, the palatalisation is generally not indicated in writing and it is more common.
I remember watching news when I heard the news reporter saying PradA and Dolce & GabannA, instead of the original PrAda and Dolce & GabAnna - not only they forbid to accentuate lithuanian words incorrectly, this rule also applies on foreign words, clothing brands in this case
>Latvia should be Litva
[Not exactly the same, but I hope it still counts, enjoy your weekend
Just saying, copying a less Baltic country seems strange.
Like i said a while ago when you posted this question to /r/askreddit i don't think that a lot has changed here, apart from some Ukrainians seeking refuge here.
Because Ukrainian patriots wouldn't turn their guns on their families.
We consume the 2nd largest amount of pure alcohol (12
It's wild
Likewise, it's really really rare for me to be on the road for more than say an hour and half at a time.
I am going to eat= valgysiu, he is going to eat = valgys
To the point that I can get any Polish foodstuff in any shop there
School started at 7:15
But both cases assume people are ethnic Lithuanians
Otherwise it seemed pretty similar to here just more space.
Been living in an ethinically anti-national region for about 15 years in a private house, no fence and not once had my things stolen, even if my grill or bike stood in an open place for a week
Not really, he was in Russia's pocket.
Tbh outside Germany, Czechia, Ukraine and Lithuania I don't like mainstream beers (I'm not a fan of Belgian beers too - too strong for me).
What does Merkel have to do with what is happening in the Ukraine?
I wouldn't expect anything less from you.
Vilnius county has 2/3 of all lithuanian minorities, and many people who live even near the city have worse looking houses, yards, fences, public property than those in the furthest, most desolate regions of lithuania
Just had a good laugh =) Thank you.
Isn't scandinavia flooded with poles
Totally word to word
Some may have complexes when talking about Poland, but most have positive or neutral opinion on Poland
You can't call them neo-nazis, they just want to discuss immigration!
Never seen those sold at football or basketball venues in Lithuania
Personally, I like historical flag more.
It is a sales tax, but only on certain items.
sometimes both these uncles are the same person.
Its basicly where every student dresses formal and rides their decorated cars in convoys and constatly honks
Fite me
Old houses that use coal or wood heaters temperature cannot be controlled very well, and house can heat up to 26C.
From all those cities of Lithuania you have chosen Kaunas
Raw sugar snaps as in sugar snap peas
I'm assuming you meant to say that Lithuanian is one of the more archaic languages in the Indo-European family
Wife of Lithuania's biggest entertainment business shark Arunas Valinskas (almost as big, wealthy and important as any east european oligarch, but doesnt do shady stuff)
It's really not fair to blame modern Poland for anything regarding the Commonwealth.
Those who said they were against it, got shoved into dirt by being called "verktiniai" , I was still more or less okay, because they said "for 5 years", then I am sure not even 2 years passed and they said "for all time!"..
Obviously West's life is better I don't argue with that but our lives would be not as bad as today's if we stayed.
Montenegro -> Juodkalnija
Many apartment blocks (especially Khrushchevki) actually had their ground floors reserved for retail spaces
And trying to label your country as Central European or Northern European is just delusional
Like there’s snow in Africa and they need winter clothes :Dd
Ironic coming from Americans given how they are THE melting pot.
Hi, I'm new here
I think that a bunch of really stupid people mistook Brexit as a permit to be colossal cunts to other people.
America, GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER
I still remember when Baltics got angry over Austria releasing [Russian] that was to be tried for killing unarmed civilians in Lithuania in 1991.
Old car pretty much has to be diesel because there aren't many petrol ones to choose from, not to mention the petrol prices.
Hell yeah, Adomas Mickevičius / Adam Mickiewicz!
geopolitically it's still Poland
And New Zealand and Australia were part of the British Empire
Where else
when most of the participants aren't exactly model citizens nor parents
Germans just ripped Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth apart and erased it from map.
And as always the focus was on Europe so everyone just ignored Asia
So there's nothing really contradictory about pan-European nationalist party, because their notion of arising nation in the Union, would be not Greece, Germany or Lithuania, but united and indivisible "EUROPA".
But mostly poets
woah, wtf, you wouldn't want any power to do that, especially usa or ussr, I'm a communist, but i hate tankies/totalitarians, and have seen the flaws they made, and it angers me to see that people paint communism as 1 ideology, Preety much as saying that all right wingers are nazis
that's more reasonable since most people would know it by it's english name
so Lenin is Tatarian
Lottery is a almost always a scam and run by shadiest people
The cherry on top is when the game is locked to Russian language only.
My mistake I was thinking of this [map] and I think I'm misremembered an older(2013?) version of the first one you posted where Latvian and Lithuanian average wages were significantly more behind Polish.
Tirana, Albania
I've met random people speaking fluent Slovene in Lithuania for example, not to mention on the internet.
In lithuania it’s called Šašlykai
I like Northern most and I *really* hate being called Eastern
I don't know how it is now, because our education system keeps getting changed every other year, but back when I was in school, it went something like this:
I'd suggest being proactive and to start shooting them before that, as a prophylactic measure.
I think they were talking about Luxembourg there
Dutch were supposed to be in the "luckier" bunch, on the other side Poles or Lithuanians were hit with 85% quota for extermination.
More money, more sun and better weather with not aggressive neighbors
Surreeaaaal
That is because the government manages purchasing well and gets big discounts for big orders on high quality alcohol
The popular vote run off system (the same as France, Poland, Brazil, etc
Yeah, that's probably illegal in Europe
`The program 'cowsay' is currently not installed.`
Shot down by Russian equipment given to the Russian separatists
In North Korea it was year 106 yesterday
Japanese saws are cut on pull, but here they are cleverly disguised with western style handles
Because it just means person from the countryside in Lithuanian, there is no such word in English.
George VI - Jurgis Šeštasis
Pretty sure we were talking about Pilsudski being dickhead to his neighbours.
I hear the rumbling of a thousand tankies converging on this thread
It's difficult to find truly wild places and that no matter where you go, a road is somewhere nearby
[You may take our lives, but you will never take, OUR FREEDOM!]
Hah, I'm eating pizza with a pineapple right now
Has recently been purchesing ofensive weapons, particularely rocket systems and has ambisions to forcefuly take slovenian land and see.
> our first gay parliament (Tomas Raskevičius)
If he or she doesn't assume the full power, part of it slips to the Prime Minister
There was a lot to learn for the both of us while learning to communicate in the relationship due to this, but it also helped us grow
I went with class trips nearly everywhere in Samogitia
* Quick deterioration of relations with Russia
And Lithuanians jokes about Estonians being slow, so further you go to north slower people gets, eh?
Cars being a status symbol doesn't mean they offer you more freedom than a comprehensive public+private transport system
After Hollande, do the socialists have any actual chances?
I get that he shouldnt do business while in office but your statement is confusing
Yeah, but that was about the Lithuanian Duchy.
And even though I had it in both the primary school, and in the first 4 years of middle schools I know that it's not a class you get in even school in the country
Later we continued drinking
10 - dešimt,
What makes you say that
We call him "tall and handsome" or "president of the underground" because his ways in politics is negotiation and non-conflict
Would suck if your car was ussels because batteries died overnight
Lithuania has a beef against Estonia cause they are doing way better after USSR than we and we want to catch up (mostly economically)
[Here you go a link for it] apperently it was quite big 5.3 on the scale
San Marino, San Marino
Well, first there were those christian orders that were quite a force, then there was Russia, then Sweden, then more Russia, and then more Sweden, then we got split by Prussia, Russia and Austria
Russia is definitely not European and definitely not Asian.
Just use like Dropbox/YouTube lol
German: [Rammstein - Mein Herz Brennt] or any other Rammstein song really.
My sister in Lithuanian school - has lessons from 9am to 1pm, uses Discord for this, assignments done on moodle, google drive and zoom
Isn't The Sun like Fox News of the UK?
We keep them in the top shelf of the fridge
Do you know if Lithuanian follows the same rules as Estonian?
However, now that I think of it, its never really played anywhere but sporting matches
Really depends on your path
I did about two weeks of driving between Krakow and northern Finland and back via Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia and we didn't have any *issues*.
And now when apps and games decide that they want to localize it to Lithuanian I end up being very confused
Literal armies
Interesting fact: about 5 years ago most of the local beer cans went from half a liter to a pint
Oh no
I did not hear about any large scale attacks on Quds forces from USA
On the other hand, I feel very safe in Lithuania, I don't know, how I would feel in Paris, London or Brussels.
Driving B1 category car: 16
Ich rufe den Artzt an
Anyone talking shit about other cities can't be that serious , and if they are they can't be that smart.
It highly depends on the teacher but both subjects are notorious for not being very serious
Maybe among sociology majors for group analysis, but otherwise it's not really a thing like in the states
In many places Stolichnaya and Stoli are actually Latvian
Poland, stop, do not
Ah yes, the classic 'only my opinion is valid, everyone else is sheep' comment
A classic case of "do as I say, not as I do".
Fellow eastern Europeans, how optimistic are you about the future?
I would rather you have a good opinion of Lithuanian cuisine, that is much broader than those two
In any case, I stand corrected.
They're going big on lowest price
5 minute run to the shops, like 10c is fine
Have no clue what to do with the th sound
Have enough savings to live for year and a half without any income
Then what is eastern europe
There are also canned tomatoes with basil, that are much cheaper than ketchup
I'm pretty sure that there's a Scottish slang phrase for that
I’d have to say Kaunas
Officially, yeah it does, but there are no stops at the border, so unofficially you don't.
니가 [niga] meaning you're
(In Lithuanian it's either formal way to talk to a superior or means plural people)
Shit map
Though you can sometimes hear people on radio saying time in 24h format, probably just reading from PC screen or digital clock.
And reduced supply would increased more to maybe 60usd per barrel and price increase would reduce demand for oil
Everyone knows the lyrics, it's very approachable, easy to listen
"I am going to do natural things"
Dark side vs light side
Belarus – Grand ~~Duchy~~ Republic of Lithuania 2
Last years edition - sea buckthorn flavour
Wait, you have to work somewhere for an extra 5 months after you tell them you want to leave
*High five*, Estonia
After spending the 1000£ a small fee is applied
Imagine this:
Didn't catch on in 3 years, don't see why it would ever.
The Catholic part's of Europe attempt to quash their reforms was a bloody one and resonated with the populations since, weakening their relationship with faith for the centuries to come.
I lived in Finland, partner is Lithuanian, also England played Estonia and Lithuania in the Euro qualifications so we did alot of traveling around the Baltic's on the weekends on the Kristina Ferry also for the CHEAP BEER!!.
For those who played Witcher games, there are a lot pagan style stories, similar to the old lithuanian tales
The fuck are you talking about?
Bye
At least here stopping drunk driving would drop the stats very significantly.
So you're saying that now is the time to go on vacation there
I am sorry, but don't you have a proper kettle for boiling water?
Mafia, nuff' said
I only say "thank you, goodbye" to the taxi driver.
Very similar to the word 'dangus'(sky), which is 'debesis' in Latvian and 'debesis' means a cloud in Lithuanian.
Those are some stupid high costs you got there
[Telia's] most expensive plan in Lithuania costs the same as the cheapest one in the page you linked, while offering the same calls&SMS and way more data
So in a politics related subreddit chances are that you'll see Trump mentioned in every thread, unfortunately.
Meat and cucumber
Could be but this case looks more like just a random shooting rather than attack with agenda.
There will be two teams:
b) Randomly
Like, you know with, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Netherlands, Spain and so on?
That's why my comment on where Rockstar is from, you reacted like that
Then it's very common to have friends of all genders and nobody bats an eye
It can be quite bitter like a lot of those herb-like liquours out there
DEFINITELY Russian
:D Seriously, Lithuanians get triggered over the tiniest shit.
One time the bus I was in as a child got stopped and at that point we only had paper tickets
I don't see anything wrong with people being religious, considering in reality religion tells them to respect everyone
Yes , it has some rough patches but the position of the US as a world leader has led to peace and world stability as things stand.
Baked potato, fried potato, mashed potatoes, chicken with potatoes, pork with potatoes and so on.
Edit: different sources, different ratings, generally suicide and alcohol both in top 5, that's fucking sad
Mechaninė Saulė by Juodvarnis if you're looking for metal, although I personally prefer Solo Ansamblis - Miestas ant Kalno, although they're more electro post-punkey light rock
What about Luxembourg, Malta, Cyprus, Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, Switzerland, Iceland, Serbia, FYR of Macedonia, Albania?
The consomants in most of the situations, are pronounced hard (like the sucxulent chinese meal guy saying "r" in democrrracy)
We can't yet be sure that we could make a positive energy fusion reactor.
Yes, it happened to me as well
Latvia
Basically - people still remember the horrors, but realise they don't have to define modern day Germany
All those TTIP, CETAS and so on just to get in bed with her.
I think closest would be "ane
Actually we won against the [Westward offensive]–Soviet_War) unless you're talking about one during WW2.
We've been lied to by the EU.
But I didn't want to ruin the rare happy/nice moments in a customer service call either, so I was always conflicted what to say
Stealing is not a thing as far as ive experienced it
Sorry for your loss
While Trump is busy threatening to slap 35% tariffs on any foreign company not producing what they sell in the US?
Contemporary Republic of Lithuania was established not in 1990, but on 16th February, 1918
Ask Germans to become a car park again, they surely like you.
Euro - 2015
No one really cares, but people still just go by the unwritten rules
(Žemaičių suprantu, bet žemaičiuoju tragiškai
55 - I do nothing, just continue on with my life
It's very common here, you shake your hands everytime you see a male friend
Cursive
* Ongoing trial of several politicians and parties
* Negotiations on withdrawing Russian military
Nope, it's used in the whole country
We don't need Bush for that, anyone who has delved deeper into history knows that [Lithuanian Hussars were the superior ones in the Commonwealth]
The closes one to me is the Vilnius Old Town  its very pretty
Kingdom of Lithuania under Mindaugas only.
Oh yeah, look how Communism helped E.
' and that's how the name came to be
with a break in 20th century, but overall, Poland is the oldest friend
Probably possible by Inspecting the graph and getting the URL from there.
Welcome to the Club :)
- Anyone
Yes, it happened to me as well
Yes
Holy shit, and they say Eastern Europe is bad
Yeah, i was only talking about Lithuania
I had gone to primary school in Poland and we learnt a whole lot about the Kingdom of Poland during the medieval period and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
The main reason for our slow performance is that our labour force grew tired of low wages and now wages are ridiculously higher than in other nearby post-socialist countries, meaning that we've lost a competition advantage when investing into new businesses in Latvia and Lithuania will be much more beneficial due to their lower wages.
This is likely the reason why most immigrants to our country are russians
That is stupid, because none of them even compare to what USA, China, Russia and some other large militaries have to offer.
For example: pusseserė (cousin) has 2s, but it sounds like puseserė. There also can be some problems with long vowels in the middle of words like rąstas (log) or žąsis (goose), because of the very strange grammar rules that come from obsolete forms of these words
Or where ever Microsoft holds its Azure servers
American accent is acquired from us, non english speakers, watching movies and YouTube in English
Geography - orange
I think both sides of people are right because everyone has free will
But i have my childhood lego and bionicle stash ready for my son
That doesn't however mean that I don't support European integration.
I love the fact that every answer so far was not from Lithuanian.
Lithuanians think the same, we just don't agree with some romatacized, maybe, not on purpose some historical pop interpratations
As it was 22 degrees today in Moldova
1000 years in the future, I'd get a ticket to New New York and get a job as a delivery boy
I think the duke of Burgundy did
It's just that I find this as an interesting fact.
We should totally develop our own proper swear words
At the moment it would probably a song called ["Paskambink Man (Jei tau liūdna)"] or "Call me (If you're sad)" in English by Saulės Kliošas
it's almost as if major political changes in most powerful nations in the world have effects on the world around them!
Well, I don't recall this usage, at least not in my school
We do the opposite
The hand pyramid of evil contemplation /s
Say I want to go downtown to have a coffee - I can walk to get some exercise, halfway there I might want to hurry up so I hop on an escooter
Did you adopt any Lithuanian food for example?
I know you have one, but the only German leader seen on the international stage is the chancellor
Ah we have Tutti Frutti
Doing this on Facebook is kinda stalking a person you like
• dygliakiaulė ( a spiky pig) - porcupine
Bullshit, most of UK live in apartments
Or what typical Vilnians (is that a word?) think of everything in Lithuania outside their city.
They have right to do so, but it would be nice for them to learn it
We don't call Poland our brother country, at least I've never ever heard it
The original poster was saying that Lithuanians "have nothing in common linguistically" with Russians, which is of course a nonsence statement, as both Slavic and Baltic languages are often unified into the same group.
Like what are we supposed to do
I can see Poland as Central Europe, but Lithuania
Usually we end around 1-2pm, but it can sometimes end later, because of other stuff we have to attend, for example events or additional lessons
That's a really big political move and a really nice one to :)
I love Rialto too
Good
Come then, enjoy -30 degrees and snow to the knees.
I hope you're doing well
I have long hair, and I don't get any weird faces from people in public
This
Appreciate the color
Thanks and stay safe too :)
". Such a meta nonsense
I lived in the US for 11 years and everyone that noticed my accent and chose to acknowledge it thought it was the coolest thing
I usually don't like Asta Baukutė's acting, but I must admit yesterday I thought she was really hilarious the whole show.
Yeah, that was a bit of shocker one of the first few times I visited Poland
When someone is holding a gun to your head you shouldn't yell "shoot"
I actually kinda like these warm nights
Yeah because countries like Estonia,Lithuania and Latvia were such a powerhouse at that time that Russia couldn't even touch them.
I personally do write faster in cursive and would guess that others do to.
Are you expecting a US invasion of Lithuania soon?
Western Swedes, Eastern Swedes, why don't you guys unite into Empire again?
Yo mods, why don't you let us decide what's low quality and what isn't?
A lot of countries next to the baltic sea have something about sweden in them
Even a metal BB gun isn’t allowed without a licence, having a kitchen knife in your pocket without good reason can too get you arrested
The prominence of corruption in USSR meant that unless someone who had the military behind him and was willing to do some seriously major reforms (even more than Khrushchev or Gorbachev), it was inevitable it would fall down to this.
The country is still pretty backwards when it comes to respecting those who are different than the majority
Currently everything seems fine with our relationships even though thats not what I would expect given your government stance.
I see no reason why someone should be labeled anti semitic if he answers to most of those questions with "yes".
As a bonus, it's 30km from Vilnius.
It's part of ["NATO’s forward presence in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland"]
They got hit more than they would gain from that oil
To Belarussians, we are Samogitia
If there is a southeastern Europe, why isn’t there a northeastern Europe
We only ever use l/ml and kg/g/mg.
CartoonNetwork is the best teacher
Why
On May 31, 1990, the Supreme Soviet of Moldavian SSR voted to recognize the Restoration of the Independence of Lithuania.[4] The Parliament of Moldavia was the first in the world to recognize Lithuania's Independence, but Moldavia was still part of the Soviet Union.
There are estimates, that the [Holodomor] was \~4 million deaths alone
Drevni kocur - CZ squirrel, PL tree cat
But in WW1 no-one achieved anything
Lithuanian is basically a drunk Latvian trying to speak Polish, but fucking up.
We call jam "džemas" and jelly "drebučiai".
The nobility and monarchs of the [Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth] actually giving more proper political recognition to the country's Ruthenian and Cossack populations.
a) Traveling in that area
Yet in [reality] the baltic region is the least genetically related region to romans in Europe
Because Lithuania hasn't done anything to you, this kind of thinking is exactly why Russia is in the place it is.
If you remove gheto shooting between drug runners you get a murder rate simillar to Belgium.
Also kids here are too happy to live
My former school had a hesburger very near (my school was not far away from BIG), so everybody went there
If you read Polish and Belarusian history you can see it is all the same.
I have stuff made by american companies, but I doubt I have anything manufactured in US.
With Poland, formed a unique unit called "Both Nation Republic"
Once had a customer who had some kind of issue with the change I had given him.
You don't even need that much economic theory or political theory or whatnot
Sometimes im the summer it does get a bit dry, but in this case I think it's just a filter on these photos
Statinė(barrel) - an area of land sown with one barrel filled with grains
I didn't know that, but the context is still the same
20 - 25 warm
Not really a "middle of nowhere", but I think that Balbieriškis would suffice
Last time mods asked for feedback we asked them to let us put more "fluff" stuff like slice of life pictures, because this sub should not be just political/economic news site.
My parents stood in the [Baltic Way,] a 650km long human chain, connecting all three Baltic capitals
Refusing the Kaliningrad Oblast as a gift in 1950s. We could've gotten some extra land, extra coastline, some more amber, some reserves of oil we wouldn't have used; but at the same time we would've gotten a huge Russian minority population
Thats just how the countries work
Early 90's people in Lithuania were driving with machine guns and showing them to the police when stopped for speeding as a countermeasurement
[The council of Lithuania] who signed the Act of Reinstating Independence in 1918
Mostly in the egg shelf, or just anywhere
Cigarettes are the worst thing ever, they smell so bad.
To poland
They do cover several largest cities.
It has nothing to do with brown people europe is not racist.
To put that into perspective it would be like Polish-Lithuanian kings identifying as Belarussian or Ruthenian.
Hence, I would argue [this] is our true second national anthem, as you can play it at any event - be it a concert or a memorial
"your mother was a hamster"?
They even removed my [rant from wiki]
Going out of bounds isn't the sites fault, it's your fault.
From that point, old people can take a walk, because I will never give my seat away, unless they ask first
We are also buying alot of modern equipment and weapon systems.
The bottom picture is wrong
I have to second that, Dutch isn't that challenging if it's slow, it also get easier if you hear it often enough
" In Lithuanian "green" has also a meaning of a "raw". While it's ok with some fruits it makes no sense with the other
At least PLC manage to successfully conquer and occupy all of Russia, unlike somebody.
We have a connection to Poland but nothing else in the region
There are probably other reasons beyond economical.
"Find you a man that looks at you like /u/gorgich looks at Astrakhan Oblast"
They might've migrated, had children, maybe even grand children and returned with their entire families
Lol, you should really learn your history.
Lithuania just successfully [back-stabbed Poland]ėdainiai) and run away with good looking Sweden.
You can spot an american in europe, by their clothing
That's why I'm saying that neighbors, coworkers, etc opinions should be at least somewhat considered
and I'd say in many ways I feel way more close with them then I have ever felt with Lithuanians, even taking ethnicity and language into account.
I can fluently speak English and I think my French is ok for someone who's been learning for 3 years
Imported muslims and other faith/culture people to europe
It is in Ireland, but hear somewhere that only UK "claimed" English as official language in EU so when they leave and no one else claims it (Ireland or Malta) we won't have English as official language
Idk
For those who played Witcher games, there are a lot pagan style stories, similar to the old lithuanian tales
Only if the teritorry went back to the Duchy days as well!
Wasn't Poland-Lithuania a feudal monarchy?
I know something of the history of North African Jews and how they're doing now
2nd husband of my grandma was a fighter in the anti-Soviet guerrilla war in 1940s and 1950s.
DEFINITELY Russian
Usually we end around 1-2pm, but it can sometimes end later, because of other stuff we have to attend, for example events or additional lessons
I think they were talking about Luxembourg there
Could you imagine that thing at night when no one is around
Good for Belarusians, costly for us (but EU could help us with integration of our former neighbouring dictatorship to the EU
Capitalism would not really surprise a lot of medieval/feudal people, especially if they were from the merchant/tradesmen class
Whole apartment complexes are made of 1-2 room flats with just a minimal amount of 3-4 room flats
Do care about Poles though
But it really sucks that we are not part of this project...
Again how big bad Soviet Union did bad "free and fair European states".
Speaking Lithuanian was seen as uneducated and peasant-like, it did not change until the second half of the 19th century.
When I moved to house, I started to know neighbors, but less than flats
I occasionally work with a guy who I assumed was Scottish.
Nobody does
That is treason, in every sense of the word.
* It is possible to buy the tickets in the ticket offices of railway stations
Maybe the all go to Lithuania to do it too.
Poland, Lithuania, Estonia, and Finland (all are EU and Schengen Area states) have a sea border with Russia.
I mean they could have just hold the flag sideways and could have passed it as dutch flag, but they failed even that
The entire maidan was live streamed and documented, you know you can't get away spreading this Bullshit right ?
If no then it's pointless and show nothing.
That's debatable
Here are some [grown up] [examples] of more impressive ones made by [grownups] Do kids everywhere do this or is this something particular to Lithuania?
Cross refrence this with a map showing  bullying experienced by children in europe
We want to thank the Polish for being our best friends after all the fighting that happened in the middle ages
baudžiauninkas is a serf, one of the types of peasants
and I thought you watch "Sagan om Karl Bertil Jonssons julafton"
My mum calls me "kačiukas" it means (male) kitty even though I'm female
Pilgrimage to touch Saint Givi's rotting balls.
Paradoxically, because of a relative large Polish community, you could speak only Polish
I would say you WERE Germanized, but got your Czech pride back
Russian for the soviet generations
It has been said before but I'll repeat: Portuguese refer to Eastern Europe has "Russia" mostly because of how far away it is and how unattached we are from those countries.
Cause Portugal is already in Lithuania.
He has not peeled off the plastic from the dell logo on the monitor stand :(
I loved that shit when I was a kid but completely forgot about it since
We had something similar with Lithuanian President Brazauskas and Latvian PM in 1990s.
Here, an extremely condensed history of Lithuania:
There's no "but".
The clients aren't illegal in most countries, they are illegal in Germany AFAIK.
This disinformation campaign has been happening for 25 years now, in itself it is nothing new.
It's just a joke Ukraine, please laugh comrade.
Soon you’re going to have Lithuania all over r/europe
To me it sounds either Scandinavian or south Slavic for some reason (and yes south Slavic because it does not sound too Polish, more Croatian or something)
Do similar languages have similar accents?
I like to ignore Hungary in maps like these and imagine that we are radiating suicidal thoughts to neighboring countries.
Just don't buy the general store ones, not worth the time.
From the peasant caste, the most common way to get their kids educated was to make them become priests.
Maybe the Lithuanians were not spoon feeding them like their moms did back home?
In December of last year, MUST Director Gunnar Karlsson told Swedish media that Russia was a leading perpetrator of intelligence operations against Sweden.
I know them, just because I go to Spanish classes and we sometimes play with teacher
Pillaged so hard Duke Algirdas had a hard time carrying all the bribe gold back to Vilnius
Unless Russia would decide to attack, but then that decision was done long before this
Belarus does not have a strategic value at the moment
Latvia
Not much to be said
Exaples:
) and Mėnulis (moon, masc
No different than in Lithuania, except they also supported Poland's claim on Vilnius.
Dunno man, murder rate is better than in Lithuania.
It's a win win, to bad the politicians are well..
Oh, completely forgot about him, you're right thank you for correcting me
The occupations and iron curtain didn't help either
and they were introduced as countries that were close to Russia.
100 euro - 2 great quality pair of jeans, one nice quality pair of shoes
When I asked my friend later on why she was talking with her in english when I came in, she just told me that she just instantly looked like a foreigner so she didn't even attempt to speak lithuanian with her
It's really fatty but damn good
You would pay 20% on luxury items (televisions), but basics are 0% (bread).
You want me to write a book in a reddit comment?
Well, he didn't succeed in one thing, having [Lithuania]#/media/File:Lietuvos_kariuomene_1938.Army_of_Lithuania_in1938.jpg) as his [ally]
Whitehorn's Mill, definitely
Anger towards *colour patterns* and *flags*?
If it's like Norway you also have a lot of career criminals coming in from eastern europe to do organized crime.
While German is one of the official working languages in the EU.
You know considering how the Soviet-occupied countries ended up like post-WW2 with deportations and repressions, I genuinely doubt Spain would be better off if it came under Stalinist influence
It's starving time
Destruction of these things took place before ww1, then came back after ww2 with stalin
One of us
The summers have been getting hotter throughout the years, but so have to the winters and idek what spring or autumn is any more
I don’t have it
These 'far-right' parties are just capitalising on the needs and hopes of us the working classes.
I personally understand almost nothing when spoken, can pick every 4th- 5th when reading text
Besides it, Kensington & Chelsea in London
Poland and the blonde girl next to her represents Lithuania that are awaiting to be exiled into Siberia.
Or she calls kids and teens (including me and my brother) "lėliukas" it means little baby lol
All the seniors I know do tend to be just above 25 year mark
* Antanas Smetona (last President of Lithuania, a de facto dictator)
Mongol hordes feared OUR invasion
Looks as if Goebbels really tried to mimic Hitler's manner of gesticulation.
You forget that in those 240 years we had Europe's infrastructure devastated by wars.
Yet, somehow I don't have any problems with it, maybe because I realize my friend got absolutely NOTHING to do with any of it and not a single German living alive now did.
It's completely on you though
Its about struggle for democracy
> but show a nipple
It also proved that facts like climate change don't matter when you have feelings.
Where does the money go
John's Day just like we did back when we were pagan, we hop over bonfires, drink ale and sing songs.
These cheap ass bots aren't even trying to look reasonable
Where are the Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania?
People have their own opinions
It's just that it's now depicted as restriction of
If modern, the only one that comes to mind is *Po dangum*, purely due to its views on YouTube, and I know it attracted some international attention a few years back
Finnish people suffer from the same problem, also stereotypical Finn speaking English feels like it's slowed down.
So for Lithuania you just add +ija to the English right?
I think my culture was more influenced by kebab kiosk behind the corner than the church
They are more tame than Trump or La Pen or whatever the Balcan countries are having, but calling them populists is not incorrect.
There are some exceptions, but generally most viedos are just not my taste
It drives us
One guy said some shit so now you're plastering this shit as a de facto stance of all lithuanians?
I see what you (Lithuanians) did.
* Language is rare itself
Would bet on all 3 Baltics and Poland too.
After the Lithuanian government announced to build a border fence with Kaliningrad oblast to curb the flow of cigarettes being smuggled across the border, the Russians have come up with this story...
put me in a cryogenic chamber until the heat goes away: 31+
Kryžių Kalnas "The Hill of crosses" is believed to contain the highest concentration of crosses in the world
Well if a country is in that list, it's gotta be doing something right
Is it considered healthy though - that's up for debate
So they're feminists which means they're all for woman rights?
In our case we also have a lot of Polish speakers.
Yeah, blatant corruption is the biggest "soft" threat to Baltic states.
I've only been in Lithuania for about 6 months now, have taken no classes in the language, but I've picked up the essentials and I have a better feel for the language than I would have if I was reading from a textbook in a non-native environment (or using an app like Duolingo).
My first trip outise of europe was to Vancouver, Canada
Leading in something, I guess
I forgot about the force field preventing Russians from going to western Ukraine.
Yea but the concert was in 1991 after [failed coup] (pro soviet people tried to overthrow pro democratic government but they failed) and in general USSR in 1991 was already was different to what it was in 1985
LV-LT
Dunno why this gets any appreciation, as far as stencyled grafittis go this isn't even that impressive
I get that I would be expensive.
I can't run longer than 15 meters without gasping for air, I'm physically weaker than most girls I've met in highschool
Wait
Samogitia and Aukstaitia being somewhat in between the 2 aforementioned and more orianted towards Poland and/or Scandinavia.
We only border Kaliningrad
Let's cool the polka dancing just for now, a weak poland spells out trouble for us.
Lithuania was christianised a bit later than us, but we were never really fully christianised until the Moravian Church (*hernhuutlus* in Estonian) arose in the 18th century.
And I have only a small fever, its probably a cold
Ughhhh
Which is the true Lithuania while modern Lithuania are imposters.
Evanescence - Bring me to life
Poland was also a socialistic country.
The Russian Empire, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, the Empire of Hungary, the Serbian Empire, The Ottoman Empire, the Bulgarian Empire and the Prince-Electorate of Bohemia were all important historical empires with great influence.
Climate is whack
Well I live in a pretty old city
Nobody cares, they're leaving anyway.
Why is Italy and Germany depicted as united nations here?
Is it common for people where you live to buy them on their own or do people gather to watch fireworks bought by the city administration?
Estonia
Not so much
Sadly it is ridden with brutalist commie shit
You obviously have not much, if any, time in America.
Russian invasion not only took the freedom, but took away our right to thoughts, language, culture, faith
It wouldn't be far fetched if she got Lithuanian support in the end
Yes I can
The national theatre reminds me of mass effect for what ever reason.
For us in the Baltics since 10 years ago wages rose more than double
Estonia, so they could be truly *baltic*
They're potato dumplings (not cepelinai), stuffed with cheese or meat
I suppose, cooperation with Russia to reduce tensions
Polish party does not help Polish minority.
Vilnius: a 70 m^2 apartment in the very heart of the old town, or a 130 m^2 apartment in renovated or recently constructed buildings in the prestigious neighborhoods, or a 250 m^2 house on a 9 a plot in a nice neighborhood, or a 400 m^2 house in the suburbs
But I would think that a European would know more than I would, just like I would know more local senators than a European who visits America would know.
Every year in Lithuania there is a competition between Lithuanian cities Vilnius and Kaunas on who's Christmas tree looks better (basically a competitions on who's body parts are bigger).
Albania, Czechia, Hungary, Iceland, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxemburg, Slovakia, and Slovenia all combined , active and reserve, do not even match the personnel numbers of Portugal alone.
It was quite interesting
Here its quite common to send idiots just to stop bothering us.
Lithuania is the one with the fastest WiFi
I guess that living in partial isolation does that to you...
If Le Pen loses in France in 2017 an EU army is now likely.
That hurt and I'm not even Estonian
It just sounds Slavic, not germanic at
It's their land
Yeah
Čekija is what it is in Lithuanian
But you don't eat cepelinai, what is wrong with you.
However, I might not be the best intel on this, as  getting attacked in public or on my property is not something I worry about
Not sure about Lithuanian, but in some languages it is regarded as soft t.
Part of Eastern Bloc against our own wishes
no, they patched potholes every year, which is normal.
We now have a LGBT person in our parliament but it doesn't mean that  gay marriages from now on are legal in Lithuania
Belarus does not have a strategic value at the moment
Our relationship with france is much less complicated.
You see comrade, ancient Greeks were actually Russians.
The self-applied noose
Its fine if they are both pro brexit.
Now that Belarusian people are fighting for change, we support them - wholeheartedly
A small amount of the Soviet history has been preserved by choice (for education) but both the Soviets and Germans worked hard to cover up the horrific crimes they committed here in the 20th century
You can see a bunch of neighbors through the inner windows and the enclosed middle park area seems like a cozy space
Considering there is a law in the Baltics, that during national holidays there has to be a flag hoisted on every house (failure to do so can get you a fine) - no, not weird at all
I really don't know if it's popular here anymore, because I rarely see basketball courts, and people that actually play basketball on these courts are even more rare
"No-go zones" is the one thing Trumps administration was as actually right about
At first, I hated German tenses with all my heart.
Must be nice not to border Russia
Funny how most of unfriendly countries are countries that were in their treaty of friendship, aka Warsaw pact
Now it's not ideal and it gets worse the smaller the city you live in, but I wouldn't really say there's a lack of help available
There's probably way more but it's all that i could come up with atm
Since 1990s there only have been few years with no wars in Europe
Whole turkeys being sold is pretty rare, but there are a lot of sliced and packaged turkey meat for making sandwiches.
I've read an article in Lithuanian about a scholar, former editor, then managing director of a literary magazine, who left his stressful and thankless job in literature and management, and went to trade school to train as a welder
Žemaičių blynai
Support from Lithuania
I tried arguing but she remained certain
The elections and protests
You can find some true in some of the stereotypes you'll read but they're generally about certain groups in our society.
We are looking at a demographic collapse bigger than Japanese.
Well, the first historical mention of Lithuania was in the year 1009
Well, last year he got a woman pregnant (not his wife), a fish seller from lithuanian sea resort town
In Lithuanian language it's "liftas" so it was easier to learn and use "lift", however as american influence grew, people shifted to "elevator".
They eradicated the pagans from both modern day Poland and Lithuania
The fermented milk is typically the issue with šaltibarščiai
same in Lithuanian, Saulė (sun, fem
This wikipedia map shows Lithuanian border changes around the WW2 time.
What good is in throwing it away
The only way I can really answer this is with out actual country name
I went there once
Confirms how deep yanukovych was, and that the maidan is completely justified.
I was always wondering why is it that Latvia and Lithuania have higher birth rates than other post-communists countries...whether that's a cultural thing, or some specific government policies.
*Somewhere down there deep in me, there is a hope that a Polish-Lithuanian empire will roam the Earth once again.*
But you have a point
These where mid war period monoplanes
Way more orderly than the Chinese, though
Lithuania caught using other countries′ tourism photos
Yeah, but there were no 'Republics of X' in the Eastern block and plenty of Western democracies like Republic of Austria, Republic of Cyprus, Republic of Finland, or Republic of Malta
Ten=there
Cultural - I would argue that not really.
Poor peaceloving Russia is always forced to defend against imperial powers like Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Finland.
There are also people who didn't really adapt to the capitalist switch, from a mentality viewpoint
Is it like ŠČY in Lithuanian pronunciation
Switzerland - Šveicarija
...Falklands are not green
I have some family members who escaped the Soviet advance to Germany
How old are you wtf
I suppose Belarus
To be clear, I've never experienced any hostility from Lithuanians but I simply feel that I could never integrate there due to my nationality.
Buuuuuut do you know what Hitler's plans for Lithuania were in case the war went the way he wanted?
If he hadn't accepted it, he would be send to Stutthof, with whole family.
That would solve both problems
Somehow, somewhere we chose to stick with calling ourselves grand duchy and relegated being a king as only blessed by the pope when we were a border region and mix of traditions
On revolvers it does not matter thay can be loaded, just hammer must not be cocked.
You can even get a 300up/300down connection at a similar price if you manage to get a promotional offer
Definitely yes, maybe not all, but slowly I feel like overtime I'm feeling more connected to more EU countries like Czechia or Lithuania
>I used to have a roommate who was from a very Swedish-speaking area and couldn’t really speak much Finnish
My former school had a hesburger very near (my school was not far away from BIG), so everybody went there
His political views suck ass
Wrong surname causes all sorts of problems.
Because vocabulary doesn't not determine how close are branches.
Ah yes, a New FM project
> Teismas pažymi, kad asmuo turi teise i butinaja ginti
Not long you argued with me, picking up our Nazi collaborators out of nowhere.
When we were occupied by the Russians, after ww1 getting independence, then being occupied by soviets, nazis and then soviets again
Polish ones tend to stay on the outskirts of the city.
I am sad that word "trolling" now means some political shit rather then satirical/humorous joke.
I think that's an illustration of my point.
More like 20 years ago, Ukraine can't even apply for membership now, let alone join.
A lot of jews *went to* israel if you want to cling to the exact phrasing, after WW2
First - learn the alphabet
Also, the latin/italian/spanish curva sounds very similar to kurwa, which, like in poland, is also a very popular swearword here(albeit we do not use it nearly as creatively as the poles)
People also mix up Slovakia and Slovenia, and Latvia and Lithuania.
Aidas ( echo)
When did Sweden, Poland or Germany last claim the three countries to be their rightful territories
* However some companies do not sell tickets online – then I have to purchase them in the ticket counters of bus stations (cash or card) or from the driver (95% of cases only cash)
I don't like Christian religion too, am I racist against white people too?
Also, is it possible to work and study at the same time
Instantly writes off a person as untrustworthy or weird
I forgot to add Šiauliai to this list
Such a clever memorial
I know, just razing a point for discussion :)
Tabletop gaming, DnD, Warhammer and other geek shit
Not sure I need to invent anything, just to watch and listen.
[I highlighted areas that are not part of the arch structure + do not have downwards pressure acting on them
So Polish merger is less complicated
Anything that hides grey brutalist apartment buildings is good.
Sorry for the late reply
Of course you can have a gun for self-defence, but it is limited to licence holders only, not every looney that spontaneously decides to get one in a Walmart
Not nordic, but we have everything nordic countries have, minus surplus money and middle eastern and african people
they will still find their way to Germany.
They have a left viewpoint, so clearly they are liars, because all commies are known to be liars /s
"Bybys
If we assume that Lukashenko will obey orders, a slice of southern Lithuania gives him a friendly route to Kaliningrad and a barrier between the Baltic states and Poland.
I've seen this view in PUBG
I though you guys only existed in statistics
When and in what context was this foto taken
I figured that the only reason for not including us was no data.
We are not afraid of ending our lives.
You think it's "statistically simple to solve" a home break in?
Regardless of where you are, if nukes get involved, it will cause a chain reaction and all of humanity is doomed
**You fricking idiottttttt**
It's not even destroyed
Nationality and culture are not necessarily the same.
Idk
As I understand they used some stock photos for social media promotion, personally I don't think that its that bad, because the photos that I saw are basically generic and you wouldn't be able to tell where it got shot if you didn't knew it in the first place.
Well, if you squint and spill some coffee on the papers and make a rounding error followed by cosmic rays hitting your CPU and turning on some extra bits, you can !
Interesting, though unsurprising, which one
Original - taste of anise, pepper, ginger, muscat
Lithuania is building the great wall!
I can imagine myself strolling around the markets with a cup of hot chocolate in my hand
Woah I did not know that there was so many people in Lithuania!
On Radio even less
Does anyone actually call it "Baden-Baden" in everyday speech or does everyone just use "Baden"?
Poland
Russia
When did they ethnically cleanse them and are now defending those ethnic cleansings
It's a cultural thing, most people see autopsy as gruesome and/or disrespectful.
But dont you think that the diffrences are too big to put them in the same family?
Some people ended up having "lunch" as their first class at 7:15, which was a bit nonsensical to me, but those people ended up just not coming in to school until the second class started around 7:50
What's really interesting is that it's a second high level resignation that mentions [Ihor Kononenko] as someone who prevents reforms.
So that BS like money to NHS wouldn't happen again.
I don’t think Poland or Hungary cares what some cartoonist says
Do we need to worry with visa to enter these places?
LATVIA WASN'T EVEN THE MOST PROSPEROUS OF THE SSR
Believe me, it's not good
Lithuanians composed only relatively small part of the Dutchy.
This was true at least a few years ago, I don't know about now.
People are not anti russians they are anti russian-government
But not anymore - too greasy, spoils quicky, can only eat them fresh, and good ones are hard to make
Them Lithuanians really need to be taught a lesson!
And thats what you get when you leave education to populist parties that care more about EU funding than doing their actual job..
Yea, uniforms are the reason why I play axis when I play some video game.
I'm sceptical about Poland due to some negative demographic trends that need to be accounted for in such long-term estimates, but certain regions are well-positioned to achieve convergence (Dolny Śląsk, Pomorze, Mazowsze), others -- unlikely.
Poruhane rypadło - CZ broken excavator, PL Fucked  excavator
Wow ok
It's the fact that the risk is there now and possibly won't be there later.
But credit cards are not the problem for a lot of (European) tourists - it's that some places (namely Albert Heijn) don't even take debit cards, if they're not Maestro
Especially original tales from pagan times
The apples are covered in honey or sugar and cooked for 6-8 hours
Books: "Dievų miškas" (Forest of the Gods) a very dramatic memoir about concentration camps
– having preserved its spirit, native language, writing, and customs,
Show results in language and country still works for me.
• žiurkėnas ( a "rat" + [nas] ) - hamster
Nahhh
It was major story few weeks ago.
Klaipėda is sea/gas related:
> Tbh as someone who's 18 I don't really understand how someone similar age to me could be so incompetent with computers as people on this thread are describing
NATO has Turkey, Hungary, Czechia..
It's a really poetical, and not really a historical term, but it can be used to describe someone that doesn't know their place in the world
Either 2009 and I would become bitcoin billionaire, or 3-5 decades to the future, when Lithuania will be more developed
Lithuanian charity concert in gathers 140,000 Euro to support Ukraine
Beautiful buildings
Definitely not true, the law allows you to carry a concealed firearm on your body for the purpose of self-defense
Preferably Volkswagen Caddy (I think) but open to options on small cars and vans.
So you just have a simplified version of our most common masculine ending (I'm guessing because of you're fixed accent which is due to Livonians, hence saying "bEgemots" becomes a bit easier than saying "begemOtas").
No, it is not the same
Its cool
Although regarded as a German pastry, Šakotis or the tree cake is now synonymous with Lithuania
No, it's definitely not "the oldest language", but it is the most archaic of all indo-european languages that are spoken today.
Cant even flex on Dutch right now
Operation from 2044, Electricity generation demonstration 2048
> longest history
Chemistry - purple
Silly hamburger, cannot into humor :)
* Free sentence word order, you can make it whatever you want it to be or to emphasise some words
I would say that Iceland here is misrepresented the most
if you let a guy like Trump do with you what he wants, if you just stay there and take the beating.
Yes it works well, especially when Russia works to undermine NATO.
I would say even English is easier to go around
*- Where are you guys based
But a sneaky merchant republic will gladly expand their current holdings.
then Azerbaijan-Armenian war in Nogorno
What is this nonsense
Petition to rename America to Erica
Well I the younger ppl do, it's just that the more conservative parties keep getting elected, by older ppl
All 3 are in north eastern Europe.
So cool
That would just hurt Germany even more
How will the Russians try to get Lithuania in its sphere of influence
You know where I heard this before?
Rotting Christ are Greek tho, as far as I know
Reducing access and creating a state monopoly are two different things.
And probably the only reason the Baltic States escaped the fate of these states is their NATO/EU membership and both those organizations are looking a little shaky.
Oh yes I can agree with that
My city of Nemenčinė has one of the oldest churches in Lithuania (circa 1387)
Totally related to the topic
Shack or a mansion, many dont give a damn how they make it look
no obviously not, hot takes on wikipedia are usually edited out immediately, but due to the small number of speakers that take was there for a while
based
RIP
But democracy is democracy and if Trump is really what Americans want, we just have to deal with it
Also you can get education in the Vilnius university in English and even Russian.
Part of shit hole that USSR was against our own wishes
You are so full of bs it's not even entertaining.
Lithuanian communist political activist.
I'm disappointed in my own country
What’s broken for US is a very well working for East Europe
I sometimes feel very sad for all the people who don't get to live in the EU
The obvious one would be ["knygnešiai"] Because of the historical context, this word has no direct translation to any other language.
The tactic just doesn't work anymore because it's a cop out.
It probably would be banned under some wider law in most European countries.
NYC is great to visit
Tell me how he played Russia for benefits with an annexed Crimea and a proxy war out east, after he fled to Russia for asylum ?
Yes, and they have the right version of it.
Some Dutch people explain this by saying that they have a non-credit card culture there
Paris Has an Ambitious New $37 Billion Infrastructure Plan
Inb4 "it's only the older Soviet generation", younger people are even more homophobic and aggressive.
Char 1 - the radical thinker-capitalist:
It's just so weird to me, though
There are legitimate talking points regarding climate change, and then there's yours.
Your usage from the word most likely comes from Soviet propaganda, which portrayed [the post-war Lithuanian partisan fighters for Lithuanian independance] as Nazis, a view which is simply wrong.
They still look dull because for example in Vilnius city architect decided the best colors are gray.
So this is somewhat correct :)
That's fine by me
From that point, old people can take a walk, because I will never give my seat away, unless they ask first
Back in Lithuania (also **a must visit**, beautiful land!) we have a saying:
or Italy's badge could have a silly hat that would act as it's own link
Especially with Lithuania and the whole past stuff
The new hip thing to do with names nowadays is ripping them off other obscure languages
NI wishes to reunify are at an all time high, Scotland wants independence - soon UK will only consist of England and Wales, lol
Yeah, grey/brown is our colour scheme.
The sea itself looks menacing
I'd also say everyone over 30 speaks Russian and everyone under 30 speaks English to varying degrees.
Invaded, pillaged and destroyed Moscow several times
It's extra cringy when you know this wasn't even happening abroad
Well what if they stole that truck ?
This is cool
we can get movie tickets and a bar of chocolate
Poor Ireland
I believe Vox youtube channel made a video explaining pre Brexit BG and EU relations.
Jonas kasa duobę. - Jonas is digging a hole
If people hate it, it shouldn't be there
Don't you joke about such serious things!
Two in Vilnius, one in Panevėžys (why tho, Panevėžys is only 5th largest city)
Are you going to talk about  how you were the coolest person in your group of friends, or are you going to change and accept the fact that you're not as great as you were before
It's crazy that people still think radiation instantly kills everything.
They can preach their ignorance there.
There is no effective way to prevent them from doing that in Schengen and this has been proved by many cases happening in Czechia, Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Bulgaria, Romania or Portugal.
I didn’t state anywhere that there is no legal way to have a gun on your person now, did I.
People help improve the country
Now majority of Cyprus is controlled by RoC government, so it is free now as well
Oh really
Then again, IDK if devoicing is a thing in russian, so maybe
There's no right or wrong when talking about long term hypothetical scenarios.
Go to post soviet Europe and you will see abandoned villages and towns full of retired old people
Like an unlikely opportunity that allowed us to gain independence.
It sounds super complicated
I don't care if his music sucks
A lot of lithuanians immigrated and they won't go back, so it seems pointless that they should retain their lithuanian citizenship
And we have terrible traffic jams on-peak hours:)
Oh, yeah, Russian media keeps on screaming that January Events were Lithuanian inside job and that Nazi collaborators were behind Lithuanian nationalist movement
There are still ongoing trials because of this.
Lietuvos valstybė yra nepriklausoma demokratinė respublika
Nicosia, Cyprus
However, at that personal union between Lithuania and Poland has been in place for 200 years, it was already clear that political union is inevitable.
For example, recently a very famous Lithuanian basketball Player [Žydrūnas Ilgauskas] has lost his Lithuanian citizenship as a result of becoming a USA citizen.
Which provider is this
That's neat
Blanket, cocoa and and a heater
I've only ever seen this name in books and even there it's pretty rare
Belarus: same as Russia
Another common misconception if you compare with [Latvian or Lithuanian expats in the UK]
Chemistry - purple
Lithuanian here, there are 2 limits on our motorways
All comments under those articles were basically - Milinytė fuck off.
No, Suomi kp31 is like the name of the country "Suomi"... Do you think they named the country after a ww2 era SMG
And don't get a full portion of cepelinai without knowing what you're getting into - unless you're preparing to participate in a strongman competition
I used my tablet as a wifi hotspot and managed to use
The Japan and Kazakhstan being similiar thing is quite well said
Male words end with -s, female words normally do not.
Im literally living in the best place of Vilnius, which is also considerably cheaper than northern suburbs, which have 0 asphalt roads, no shops and always have traffic jams
*Ramus, kaip belgas* - Calm like a Belgian
* Buying from the driver
Once you hear it in Latvian, you can't unhear it.
This is wonderful
Apple cheese
It really frustrated me that PLC is rarely mentioned in European history but then I guess 'History is written by the victors'.
And not only in English, I mix them up in Lithuanian, French, Korean and Japanese as well
I was always partial to "Union of Europe", myself
Jordan, Großgliederung Europas nach kulturräumlichen Kriterien, Europa Regional, 13.
Do you have any idea why is it that you, Latvia and Lithuania always end up looking like one area on these kind of Eurostat maps?
Thank you for the information
Nationalism is not the only problem with them, some fan clubs tend to get violent or a bit racist towards Lithuanians.
It's all because of Pierogi-Cepelinai Commonpot.
"Estonia is nordic" is an unfactual statement m8.
Just loud booms outside
I'm visiting Lithuania quite frequently and honestly,
, that have more than one widely spoken language
Couse of all of that Teutons lost their possition, which probably laid fundaments to their secularization later on
We don't have hard looking words as far as I know and every word is butched by foreigners
I guess so
I think they only care about each other.
“Dolt” wow such a cool insult
Or those few Italians who still speak Sicilian dialects in the US.
Our Duke Gediminas wrote to the people of several other European cities and announced that he's ready to accept Christianity.
Confirm our status as third and then we can talk about Eesti!
it doesn't rain on the shit you are carrying?
Decent, growing economy, really visible improvements year by year, improving government and bureaucratic mechanisms, no mountains, no dangerous rivers, very little stormy sea, only one type of venomous snake, a lot of nature and lakes, 4 seasons, not hot, not cold
Yes they were soviet soldiers not Russian, but actively protecting them by Russian government kinda makes them look like Russian soldiers in our eyes.
Lithuania has least Nordic influence, our culture is closest to Polish and German.
> No, what you’ve seen is tourist areas in a warm country with wealthy foreigners buying property
Yes
Especially home made
Worst part is that after Stalin's death the new leader of USSR - N.
They have many Grand Duchy treasures, a few artifacts from Vilnius university and the metrics of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
These cheap ass bots aren't even trying to look reasonable
Books: "Dievų miškas" (Forest of the Gods) a very dramatic memoir about concentration camps
Offering something for free to accept everything
Yeah, as long as I don't encounter idiots who pronounce it as "tchetchia".
I've encountered some older ladies, especially when I was a kid (like 15-20 years ago), claiming that one must go tanning or otherwise 'be in the sun' in the summer because a tan is healthy
We built up to Vilnius so far, I think.
There's another slight hint of politics, it refers to the 2 main islands by their spanish names (but I can't be bothered to look up their english equivalents, or at least I'm assuming that "Soledada" and "Gran Malvėnas" aren't english)
People got something to talk and argue about as if any of them actually wanted to come here.
The only way to make a correct poll is to ask every single voter.
Alrighty
I've had a bunch that were pretty cool: Benedikto slenksčiai was a cool book but I think it's new in the system, Faust was also very fascinating
It is 11km away from our capital.
Requiem - Neišeik
I'm in Lithuania with no VPN or anything, it works fine
(bordEAUX)
And those Soviet people who stayed here are old now and they are not going to change their place of residence.
Not the first one in the Parliament, not even the first openly gay MP - there was [Rokas Žilinskas] before him
I am SCARED of summer, most people here dont have AC since
Edit: we had a baltic road and first to get freed from SARS (CCCP, USSR, forgot which one is English abbreviation) grips
People compare their standard of living to those around them.
Wish more countries had that trend
That land is not worth a war to them.
Flavour wasn't ever of much importance
Well I think it is a well known fact that you can contract the gay via a close proximity to a rainbow -_-
I feel like you're mixing up two things into one.
Sometimes I love it, other times I feel perplexed how many people are just unable to be dynamic about situations
Not very popular amongst children and younger folks but drinks like Baikal and Tarchunas (don't know how it is in English), they are both left from the Soviet Union
Article 1:
Things change again when the teenage years are over and you become more mature
not even a bush
This is a natural fact of *Schengen*.
Must admit, it's not the best experience
Lithuania often ranks among the top countries by suicide rates
\-9 and lower feels properly cold
But with no housing costs I save around 1300-1500 a month
Oh I know they didn't actually ban discounts, just advertising them.
But a lot of people also don't like Russia at all, most people are neutral about it because of this facts
Lithuanian - yellow
I love that Poland had a union with Lithuania for 200 years, but they have some weird-ass name for them.
Yes we divided our beach into parts as well
They were supposed to protect the house from evil spirits in exchange for food and warmth
Such phantom threat, say that to Moldova, Georgia, Ukraine etc.
Valletta, Malta
Hell, we're not even nordic
While Finland does export a lot of dairy, particularly cheese, they didn't match the exports of butter and other dairy products to Russia, and Russia was the primary importer, almost a unique importer, of baltic-produced dairy products before the embargo.
I can see why it would be kinda hard, but I don't think of it as THAT bad
20km to Belarus, which is external EU and Schengen border.
The full total is set to be around 20 million, but those are only estimates
With google translate
As I've said before, you can't live in two countries simultaneously
Translation something like that: good men drinking kvass in the in the good forest appraising the kvass while drinking it??
Doing exercises on how to attack is a very different one
The age structure was affected greatly and many those that remain, do that because they are already of age (which means they don't need to speak Western languages well, will soon receive a pension, and already have some basic wealth and connections here, allowing them to get by on the 'low cost' plan, since they don't need to do expensive things, such as raising kids), or sometimes are still too young to leave.
Just an interesting fact about Iceland given their small population
How the hell did they achieve over 90% in Lithuania?
All we need to do is stop dropping co2 in the air and pump it into ocean
We also eat a lot of tomatoes in Lithuania, it's one of our main vegetables along with cucumbers
Oh I understand that you are joking because of the context.
If you don't get caught you can boast about how strong your people are and nationalism will rise.
Well Afrikaans is closer to Dutch than English
That's true, applies to so many places
It's like saying "fuck you, move away from the border".
It's a vast oversimplification , the same as me saying that because trees have green leaves then your argument is wrong.
I'm 20 and I don't have the licence as well
* destroying capitalist economy and creating socialist one through 1940s
Do you remember the Ottoman Empire?
I wonder, if this number of the Lithuanian Jews includes or excludes the Jews of Vilnius.
Naktinės personos - Pasaulis toks yra
I haven't read your full reply, because after the first half I decided to leave you here with your prophecies.
There is no space for us in Belgian world
There’s nothing wrong with honouring fallen soldiers of any side
Yes, it's called the *State Commission of the Lithuanian Language
"Black people can't be selling stuff"?
Good, but it should have been more proactive.
I hope our current confused, misinformed and ill-directed administration in the United States does not go soft on Russia in the Baltics just because Trump has a hard-on for Putin.
It's not like the Finnish government is made up out of nuclear scientists.
Please, no criticisms for pol pot, for he has died.
Because they have zero issues with each other unlike India and China
We don't have hard looking words as far as I know and every word is butched by foreigners
It's starving time
Here's two examples of how to send and receive (unfortunately, in Lithuanian
>where should be the capital
And more recently Vidas Bareikis' Ežero dugne
The trick in this case is to keep the momentum going as now the 90's generation (which is tiny compared to those before it) become the childbearers.
I know that you're not familiar with a lot of the lithuanian history, I am not Familiar with the estonian history, but you calling this dumb would insult a lot of people in lithuania, so you know
Does the same problem appear when Lithuania and Novgorod are both played by humans?
Abolished in 1998
Rewriting 40 years of trade deals is complicated so they need to know what options they have before deciding what kind of brexit they will have.
Most popular Old School Runescape (/r/2007scape) youtuber "A Friend" is Lithuanian and his name is Dovydas.
The Beauty of Lithuania - Kaunas City Botanical Garden Short Video!
Its difficult to find a better historical analogy.
Not part of Russia anymore
In 2016 our economy was doing better than ever.
hey dude, why does your location say spain, if you're actually vilnietis
You finish High-school (Abitura) when you're 18-19, and do uni afterwards
This flag (and coat of arms) are connected to Grand Duchy of Lithuania and Commonwealth with Poland.
Finally far away enough from Russia
Ahh, this is the thing I really get annoyed by, because Russian nationalist still like to call us Nazis , because we were occupied by Nazi Germany and a lot of Jews died.
Oceanic wasnt a term used back then in our country
Šaltiena (aspic)
a tricky subject), others
Yes sir
Well that's cute, but it doesn't change the fact that NATO/the US is in breach of both the ABM and the deals with Gorbachev regarding the expansion of NATO.
The road is below sea level, and sea level is right at the edge of that embankment
None of those nations border russia
paštu) and use gmail only when I want to specify the use of my personal male rather than work/school/uni mail
Honestly I learned English by accident, I just watched a bunch of YT and played a bunch of games and over time I just learned the language and all of its unique quirks
All of those advanced as much as they did during the great war to counter one weapon that existed before the Great war even started.
Nordic countries are kind of underpopulated, I think our 5.5 is kind of sad.
Thing just whats best for me and just me I would say I would go right probably just because I belong to the majority ethnicity in my country so their repercussions would affect me less???
This is an important step to curbing Russian aggression and reminding them where their border ends, because recently it seems they have forgotten.
That's a hell of a strategy for a region that's completely dependant on tourism
But then they would be shooting themselves in their feet
They gave freedom to our generation.
Every fifth-grader girl sings this
In usa everything is 40% bigger
Many English words have become slang and are often used in my own language
A lot of people seem to assume immigrants are willing to shed their culture and replace it with the culture they are moving into.
Either give a recording or I still have no clue
What is their location (rajonai, nereikia tikslaus adreso :D)
A family that owns their share of a building is interested in its maintenance, but renters are not
People accept certain chances to die (flying in an airplane) because it's unavoidable and accepted.
UK, France, Spain, Andorra, Switzerland, Belgium, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Ireland, Italy, Monaco, Vatican, San Marino, Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Iceland, Austria, Liechenstein, Hungary, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro, Albania, Macedonia, Greece, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Part of Turkey, Part of Russia, Romania, Malta, Moldova, Belarus, Cyprus, Portugal, Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia.
Don't attack him people, he's genuinely curious and a lot of us Lithuanians, including myself, asked that question too.
As a Lithuanian expat that lives in the Netherlands, prepare to see less smily people :/
My Great Grandfather's family was Lithuanian and came to America in the late 19th century/early 20th century
Basically, instead of saying "I am certain" he said " I em satan" and instead of saying "I am very pleased" he said "I am vaflyst" and instead of saying "Shoulder to shoulder" he said "Shaude tu shaude". So yeah, our politicians can be a bigger laughing stock than Trump
But so does bible, its just old books written by people of different mentality
Heck Ireland is one of the key countries which shows how EU can benefit some countries.
Good
People are incredibly welcoming as it's part of our culture + the nightlife is amazing and also cheap.
You think
We have 4 in Lithuania
Cancelling basketball tournaments/events
Poland
Usually the backpack would weight arround 5-6 kg in smaller grades and 2-3 in higher ones
Maybe he likes his Polish name, but prefers **clearly superior** Lithuanian spelling 😅^^^/s ^^^in ^^^case ^^^if ^^^it's ^^^not ^^^obvious
But practically people get fined (and as I said, you must have the ID in the borderland/pasienio ruožas areas where border guards occasionally check the documents)
My wife's family is Lithuanian-Russian old believers, discovering Lithuanian culture was amazing.
Lithuania had up to 183 people military or not on peacekeeping missions not sure if its up to date, but op's number seems wrong
I think both sides of people are right because everyone has free will
Also lots of petrol stations all over the place
Biology - green
In france wild camping is kinda legal I think.
Basically the same for all three of the Baltics
The impression I get is that there's been a lot of undercutting northern Europe by, say, Estonians working for less than Finns, Poles working for less than Dutch, and Lithuanians working for less than Brits and Irish.
So terrorism is the new satanism?
I've heard a saying that Belgium is just one large suburb of Brussels lol
I don’t think Poland or Hungary cares what some cartoonist says
Ukraine at that time wasn't part of Grand Duchy' any more so our laws didn't apply to them, your laws started to apply to them.
After the battle, **King Ingvar** was buried close to the seashore in Estonia and the Swedes returned home.
Both Germanic, both religious structure.
From what I've read you had basically the same way of celebrating your religion, etc.
Just want to note that I didnt take this picture, I found it on internet
And when the person is underage, it gets really complicated
But as my intent was to move out as soon as possible, I have no need to do that.
beisiklį jia for yster, dis karantyn iz draiving mį insein haha
Iceland, you're awesome and we love you!
It would be a similar story to the old Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Virtually anyone from Lithuania XVI-XVIII century.
Zat vy I rite in n aksent, no nyd tu hide aur etnizity byhaind perfekt Engliš
It is because of your government.
If they send their chickens we should dump them in the sea
All in all, the vast majority of people that actually have licences to have guns seem to be hunters
When I was in highschool I remember that all the cool artsy kids when to Užupis gymnasium, and their parents were painters and sculptors who had lived in Užupis for a long time
True, that's the reason why Khmelnytsky Uprising happened, Poles loved to impose their language, culture, religion.
Every year is the last time to see this show
Even some 20k cities in USA have 6 McDonalds
They are forbidden in Lithuanian Constitution
He was in charge of Fallujah operation.
The current tensions and spoiled relations, sanctions and all the loss of life during the Chechnya, South Ossetia, Donbass conflicts.
Not really sure about this one either, but Latvia/Teutonic knights/Livonian Knights
I can't give you an example off the top of my head, but I know a few rare wine merchants that recommended going to Systembolaget for the more expensive alcohol
They aren't really affected by integration policies as they never actually immigrate.
I have some family members who escaped the Soviet advance to Germany
I will always remember when we were at a lake in Germany and some Polish people were trying to get used to the cold water, never heard so many kurwas in such short timeframe before.
It's only for Lithuanians, I think
It is just as much Ukrainian and Belarusian heritage.
Turkey
Ok this is I think second or third comment talking about Dutch eating people, is everything alright down there
Yes
Example "2") with double (or float, though in proper math they are know as real numbers.
Yesterday it was around 25* and I was sweating everywhere, which can get annoying with a mask on
* KGB's fight against civic resistance and dissidents
Really don't care about what is written on there either.
Same with Russian, the words for your native country are cognate with the words "to be born" (родина) and "father" (отчизна), rather than "mother".  Purely an English thing
Tho I guess it is a small one compared to the US ones lol.
Kosovo best girl ️
No they are not
so with diesel which itself provides lubrication to cylinders would driving for so long could cause damage to engine
While it may sound petty, I think that constantly adding "former Soviet republic" when mentioning the countries is no longer necessary 26 years after the fact as it does not define what these countries are anymore, just like saying former Nazi republic of Germany, former fascist state of Italy, or former Yugoslav republic of Slovenia, former British colony of India, former British colony of United States of America, former British colony of Australia, formerly British Ireland, former French colony of Morocco, formerly Danish Iceland, formerly Greek city of Istanbul and so on.
look how that turned out for him
"Bybys
Fun fact is that the name derives from the word Cepelinas(Zeppelin), becouse of their shape
[For the downvote]
Turns out he's Lithuanian, has lived in Scotland about 5 years but had never even heard of Shetland.
23 Polish, 13 Bulgarians, 3 Latvians, 3 Romanians, 2 Estonians, 1 Czech, 1 Hungarian, 18 ukrainian, 5 Georgian, all died in Iraq, a war started no other than the Us and the Uk.
-sudėt kaštona (sss-hu-dhet kash-toh-nah), which means "to put a chestnut",
Im not very familiar about what restrictions the EU has placed on them so I cant really comment on any specifics.
when they can import cheap electricity from the Nordic countries
It's a myth that when they were drawing  Lithuania's map,  Stalin's pipe was lying on what is now the appendix and nobody dared to relocate it, so they drew the map with it
With girlfriend we joked about how he wrote down a text in Lithuanian letters and just read it without knowing what he's talking about
* They can be very direct, while we might leave some things unsaid
Very warm, honest and helpful
But did not know that this is being done often.
A really pleasant one
Para
He's not Polish, I really doubt it, there is no way a Polish would show love to Soviets.
Not a lot of surveys are done properly.
If they want to put pro Russian by force, they will have to stay there to enforce, ergo occupation, ergo no buffer
Serbia: I'm about to do a pro gamer move
Usually half of the class goes off to woodworking classes, the other half to cooking
Just so happened that it was advantageous in ethnic Lithuanian lands to embrace Slavic culture for like 700 years and many many generations.
I always had a question
can you think of etimologically baltic word with a 'h' in it?no you cant because there is none
Keep doing this Erdogan and we will make fun of you more often.
"Humor" in national Lithuanian TV
This combined with the fact that they were both talking in English made me think that this girl was a foreigner of some sort
You think Russia would launch nukes because they didn't get a chance to invade Crimea ?
Call us "basically Russia" and not eat local food.
Might as well start getting our name spread for extra strong ropes that can hold all that weight
Norway, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland?
Slave Isaura confirms
Mald(a)-meaning a pray
Yes, unless [it's something hardcore like this]
That really helped me with “owning” it
I don't care about basketball
I rarely see my country posts
Šlangas, šlagbaumas
AND skating
Why do you assume that Belarus will even lean west
That was not you, it was mad man on the leash.
Double the production will mean lower prices.
Google Street View mapped Lithuania in 2012.
The whole sentence sounds like one word
Tongues of animals (haven't met anyone who's not disgusted)
Hey, I didnt mean to seem rude, just asked
Honest question - have you ever been to a trial or read witness depositions
in aqua scribis
Scotlands relationship with Westminster is functionally just give-give.
It was approached as a study of your cultural heritage
They probably like it better than being Romanian.
I thought they were in the 20ish million range not 90.
So when we use nation in modern times we use that as people not rulers.
The only move Poutine could do we couldn't counter would be an invasion of baltic states
Uh-uh, refugees is a no-go topic, dude.
I live here and everyone is atheists
What I *have* heard (and used myself) is a phase "bird language", as in "you're speaking bird language
Edit: I read that we are having Burger King, first will open in Vilnius Akropolis, but it's delaying
Did Lithuania have stores where only Party members could buy from them and those would be filled with food?
I hope we have the Estonians, but I think many of them have begun looking down on us as some underdeveloped retards.
The British are very philanthropic people - have a look at their per capita charity spending, it's really high.
But thanks for the tip
ANBO literally means - Antanas(name) want's to be in the air
Lack of snow in winter makes it feel like winter is still coming
[Ekskursante] is a movie about a girl who escapes from train carrying her into Gulag.
I heard recently Latvia or Lithuania was first, US second in laundering Russian money.
The good old days when Lithuanians found out that the mongols were useless when fighting in boreal forests.
In a matter of fact yes, yes it was.
Linksmų Kalėdų ir laimingų Naujųjų metų!
So you Greeks have Christmas on December 25th (not like Russian Orthodox), but the Easter correspond to the Russian Easter rather than Western
Both 'baltaraiščiai' and 'stribai' are more historical terms, although 'stribai' very rarely may be used as some
We dwell on the bitterness of history, we constantly compare today with what was, trying to run as far away from it while it is still possible
I found it funny :)
Well you could share one because I can't find anything in WHOs alcohol program which would align to what Valstiečiai wants.
I think that the name was given due to the forum 'super mama' (super momma) where bunch of helicopter mommas clicked and started various treads on child rearing / parenting /medicating naturally /etc
* Past iterative tense
It’s quite obvious they are talking about the lithuanian savant Mikalojus Tešla
Sometimes there are patrols of border officers on major road crossings, usually for ambushing some people traffickers or other criminals
Vilnius and Kaunas
Sorry
Next we'll hear Europe is the main driver because it agigates muslims so it's only right it takes in all the refugees.
Eeeh, not really "Traditional" per say, but Alias is probably the most popular one
As someone from Lithuania we have an awesome quirky song about being able to do whatever you want, when you're alone home
Vut the laser part is true tho
Which means he gets that it's way more fucked than it should be.
Almost all of them were criminals, ultra-nationalists or mentally unstable people.
Braļuukaiii I love you alll, congrats
Not sure if I would say describes but no doubt the most well known is [3 milijonai by Mikutavičius] A song made for [200 Sydney Olympics] And *everyone* knows this song
You can probably add "land of rain" to Lithuania.
Wales lost its upper classes to British system.
8 - aštuoni,
As far as I remember, after the independence in 1991 everyone who lived in Soviet era housing blocks in Lithuania had to symbolically buy their flat for like one dollar from the state to become the new owner.
You're like the second cousins we know exist but unfortunately rarely hear anything about.
And perhaps the funniest one
As a Lithuanian expat that lives in the Netherlands, prepare to see less smily people :/
Well, to me personally alcohol taxation is not big of an issue.
It is 4/20 here
Pretty much no one here believes that the Earth is flat
Australia too
The Curonian Spit is pretty unique!
I've never seen one in real life.
Good times, right
2019 was soooo last decade
Neris river (or river that it goes to) passes all 3 major Lithuanian cities.
We're no longer communist
in Lithuanian it means the russian curse word blyat
Climate Change in Lithuania is all on EU because our ruling "Peasants and Greens" party turned out to be not green at all
I've heard a lot of people saying he wishes all Russians should be killed, my grandpa said it often.
Yes, some speak French, some speak German and some speak Java
Now how about an actually modern map with rebannings?
Latin America says that Russia is never far enough
Don't forget Sprindis
The more you look the wilder it gets lol
Danes follow rules a lot
It is completely acceptable, to take the remains of restaurant food
Also can understand some ukrainian and polish
Lithuanian:
Let's be honest: everything in/about Panevėžys is pathetic.
Some people say LSDP are at a risk of becoming a non-parliamentary party after the next election in 2020, but that's a bit rash, in my opinion.
and they pack bananas in plastic
You northerners are weird, you talk differently, drive differently
Were once the biggest country in europe
Wikipedia is widely known as an unreliable source, especially on history and politics.
I'm quite inerested in his relationship with russia?
Living: Arvydas Sabonis, Jonas Valančiūnas, maybe also our President, Dalia Grybauskaitė
It is more of a joke about the Belarussian president, not the Lithuanian one at this point :/
Precisely the resson why I always dreamed of going down the silk road on a bicycle.
Still no pew pew pew type lasers :(
I think she forgot that in order to create a phenomenon with so much energy you need to put even more energy  to do it
Jogaila ( powerful rider)
We have information that the culture of the migrants does not match our own, to the point they form communities that make cultural diffusion difficult.
That's probably a bigger reason
* **TS-LKD** (36 seats): Liberal conservative; pro-EU; centre-right
We probably have the harshest drinking laws in Europe
They partly own SAS and Telia, neither of which they own the majority
I've heard that Germany is the best place to get a good price (my dad bought a couple cars from there and I know a lot of people import them) but my friend is not willing to deal with their paperwork and bureaucracy.
If we will ever reach Federal Euroope level, we must make Italy to have a fast/street food megacorporation so instead eating at Mc'Donalds we would eat at Giovanni's their delicious Italian cuisine.
It is trending in 21st century.
A Lithuanian did invent the [euthanasia coaster]
Nice to you (plurar or formal) / you (singular informal) get acquainted
Sometimes butter, but rarely
How old are you wtf
I’m in 8th grade and I’ve never had a sex Ed lesson, all I’ve learned is from porn and memes
[*There is no beer in heaven, therefore we're here in a bar, and when the heaven shelters us, friends, lift your mugs for us*]
Could also be Prussian Lithuanian influence, modern standard Lithuanian is mix between Prussian Lithuanian and Aukštaitian dialects.
Just not enough is talked about.
Nevertheless, we do have "jelly" and "jam" and more kinds, like you linked.
Congrats, braliukai
Hell even I signed up for voluntary service after shit happened in Ukraine.
The Commonwealth was partitioned by Russia, Austria and Prussia in late 18th century, majority of Lithuanian areas became part of Russian empire
But I would say, visit Vilnius and Trakai
Belarus didn't exist then, it is unclear if unification of Lithuania and principality of Polotsk was determined by Mindaug/as who was legit to claim as ruler for both countries( like some Belarusian historians claim) or by war right...
I don't really know about the meaning of the male ending -ius, -is, -as(like in Valinčius, Grigutis, Kazlauskas), but what I do know is the female ending -ienė and -iūtė is changed when the woman is married(for example a married woman will be Valinčienė, but her daughter will be Valinčiūtė. When the daughter gets married and the husband will have the same surname[Valinčius] her surname will change to Valinčienė)
Panevėžys = pane (an archaic way of saying 'Pone' = sir) + vėžys (crayfish)
Sovereign nations choose which they join or not join at all of any side.
You know there is another way of looking at the surrogate alcohol problem.
Thank you for ruining my day
Know Lithuanian uses Nominative, accusative, genitive, instrumental, dative, locative, and vocative, but the is also the dual, with "abu"
> Rysk soptunna (Russian garbage can)
I was walking down the street in lithuania and some preachers offered me to BUY their bible, can you imagine that.
We sound Slavic due to similar sounds consisting in our Language I assume, same rolled R and some other that are surprisingly difficult to notice and get rid off I think
He had to get it removed privately
Character should absolutely be taken into account when sentencing
Maybe international recognition might have helped post war Lithuania but in the end Soviet Union has still invaded already and I don't think the international community would have bothered enough to make them leave.
And say I was invited to one, it wouldn't occur to me to get a bottle of alcohol, I stopped drinking alcohol like 4-5 years ago, when I started having depressive episodes when drunk and horrible hang overs the next day (at a ripe age of 19-20 :D)
The language has most certainly, notably changed in the last 2000 years
More or less
55 - I do nothing, just continue on with my life
Yeah because it doesn't happen to have one permanently bloodthirsty neighbor in the East and another neighbor in the West with history of backstabbing.
I think she's just a nutter to be fair.
You took the exam also right
she lives there
"Daryti iš musės dramblį" in Lithuanian, "делать из мухи слона" in Russian, literally the same word for word
It started with a wrong guy being in the wrong place
Guns must be stored in a metal or specialized safe
If we're talking classical songs like the anthem, then either *Lietuva brangi* or *Lietuviais esame mes gimę*, but definitely not famous internationally
Could it just be that few terrorists targeted Britain?
The way money works in Europe where most people are living a comfortable life and most of them having the time to to the things they want is at least somewhat possible to sustain in the future
But mostly poets
Original lithuanian surnames have diffrrent endings for males (sons, fathers), wife and daughter
When the Soviets are returning in 1944, hundreds of thousands of Lithuanian refugees retreat to the west with the German military
Apartment blocks don't look so bad after renovation.
So I'd say 'completely unintelligible' is a little too strong
Chrome, Music player and m.ticket (for public transport).
I'm afraid money is a problem
The other one was prussia but they were annexed back in the 19th century
imagine they stayed there for generations
> The hippie to the hippie
White guilt is a serious problem throughout the western world these days.
Shit man, I really hated that show as a kid, fast foward some 10 years i realized its pretty good and should not be taken as serious as I took it, plus all these Number One memes made me actually reconsider myself and start loving it, shit I'm so sad right now , the man looked so happy and enjoyed what he did
Though Poland is known for their salt mines.
They were basically like very cheap restaurants where you had to service yourself and it had "simple" food like meatballs or borsch, nothing fancy.
Perceived only slightly negatively in a professional world as its more of a distraction to everybody and a waste of work time i guess
Latvia is definitely on my bucket list.
And it's hard to get a Maestro in a lot of countries
That's not
The German and Austrian Chancellors are the same as a PM
Aww Lithuania so cute :)
very few pople support true liberalisation and deregulation.
what about [Ant Kalno Mūrai] ?
Warm temperature melts alcohol casings in British body and they become drunk.
It's their land
Do you have any place to download it from, that would make sure it's not compressed down, as I'm guessing that Reddit compresses the pictures
Fuck that fuckin pipe
I love this architecture
I think seeing how the EU and the UN divide Europe into regions should be enough
In the US, this is the cabinet
I'd recommend them to anyone
" Which literally means "or no
1253 was the year our first, and only, king got crowned.
Yes, just when oil prices collapsed and Russia started a lot of weird stuff.
The political version of "look but I have black friends"
Going back to Brexit, don't forget that Latvian and Lithuanian emigrants had a noticeable share in the immigrant-hostile sentiment that influenced them to step out of EU.
Children can speak only Russian, but they don't do jobs where they have to communicate
According to radio charts, [this song] was played the most last week.
In one of them a USSR spaceship finds an abandoned american ship
For example: a bronze statue, from around 1000-1500 B.C.E has been found in Šernai cemetary, near Klaipėda
How is Lithuania-Poland almost the same as Poland-Russia?
If modern, the only one that comes to mind is *Po dangum*, purely due to its views on YouTube, and I know it attracted some international attention a few years back
If it was something more outlandish, I would ask for more corroboration.
The only criteria I'm aware of is that the journal needs to be good (i.e.
Nah, but seriously we're just kind of a bit grumpy, so please stay happy and bring the happiness here, and don't let anyone to suck it out :)
Well I thing it should be banned.
It's so much more difficult to release a minister in Lithuania it seems
but Polish
But
I mean, it's also that they were insanely antisemitic and started murdering jews the second germans set a foot in Lithuania.
In Lithuanian it's "pasiruošes ar ne, aš ateinu” or "einu ieškoti".
In most of these countries, it's the PM that wields a considerably larger amount of power compared to the country; while the President is the "good guy" leader of the country who's all happy and smiles, the PM is the "bad guy" so to speak who has to make the difficult policy decisions and anger people with their partisanship
Before wide spread conquest you had pagan tribes that weren’t the best at recording their lives and activities
* I usually buy them online on [www
\- Yada yada, Yada
They look and sound similar because they're cognates, meaning that they descend from a common source (in this case, Proto-Indo-European [\*dʰéǵʰōm] Since Baltic and Slavic languages probably had a common ancestor in [Proto-Balto-Slavic] these types of cognates are quite frequent
Gave them a right to rule and they fuck my kingdom.
Although regarded as a German pastry
I'm just saying that if the status quo goes on for much longer, we're doomed.
Consumption includes a wider basket, including government subsidies *and* it adjusts for living costs.
Taste cepelinai and saltibarsciai
1st
sadly
Given the size difference
Jūratė and Kastytis would be a great Disney film although it has a sad ending
It's not Marseille, it's the Kings Landing
We call it *Vanta*
A country with morals would not allow its government to even think of doing that
I thought only my family does that
I do like some light rain in the summer tho
If you could please use this format
I might have to give Danish a try.
Neither of Koreas is occupied last time I checked
Seems like your grandma remembered good old times of conserving food
I think it’s all a benefit
Trip with classmates and trolling Latvians with Lithuanian (They answered Lithuanian questions really good, I was shocked)
Also good material for creepy movies.
To be fair, it will take at least half a day to construct one
Obviously each person's lifestyle is different, but having a well put together multimodal transit system would do very well for a LOT of people
Thank you
I currently live in Williamsburg neighborhood of New York City
Coincidentally Germany, France and Italy rank lower than Romania and the UK which have almost identical coverage.
I was pretty mad when the station that airs it decided to stagger the movies, air the first one weeks before Christmas and then culminate with whatever the fuck the third movie is
Today the Chicago area possesses the largest Lithuanian community outside Lithuania, and we had our presence there since the 19th century.
I have Russian neighbours, literally no one wants them out because they are fully integrated, knows Lithuanian language and are hard working people.
You can also use them to send your parcel too
Wait, how else do you say Ehre
Lol, idek how to say turnout in Lithuanian :D
Often those similar words have a slightly different meaning
Actually I checked my Lithuania
lol but also, people seemed really straightforward and would not beat around the bush if they were trying to hit on you
Three that I know are:
I've never seen that anywhere else
Lithuanians be like "We contribute, send Mindaugas".
The decomissioning was one of the requirements to join the EU in 2004
I don't understand what you are talking about
What about going further and just extending our great Commonwelth over the whole EU
Its not the same
Yup, same for all Baltic states
Hardware stores:
Like some little kid tried speaking German but kind of got confused and started trying to speak English and a bit of French, and as a result developed the Dutch language.
Well if you go into a shop in your country the least you could expect is being able to communicate in the native language
In Lithuanian it literally means the one who carries the books
Kinda cool when you think about it
I can assure you that all 3 Baltic countries are planning to take the world (separately)
I personally understand almost nothing when spoken, can pick every 4th- 5th when reading text
No one likes the emigration but the only way is to improve economical security and opportunity within the country, not chain people down and tell them to stay cause it's what your country wants...
Tens of thousands of crosses on a hill
* return of the Soviets in 1944
Surely your 2 out of 3 neighbors are fine?
I know my great-great-grandparents lived here and just farmed from stories my grandparents tell me, but I never inquired more.
Furniture shops:
• žuvėdra ( a fish eater) - seagull
We've made the thing you linked, but called it želė anyway.
Just as I thought, you can't name one thing.
We are the only countries that have any baltic languages left
Thats the thing people in lithuania associate the color red with
Mehh, not really
Shower daily
You mostly have a negative score, from what I've seen.
Lol, idek how to say turnout in Lithuanian :D
Because the official language of Lithuania is Lithuanian and it does not have the Polish letters needed to write his name.
Maybe another problem is lack of handicap access
I agree that the map should not be based on ethnicity, because some ethnic Poles (albeit just a minority) speak Lithuanian as their mother tongue.
LSSR was legal body within USSR only.
they should know the basics, but lithuanian is pretty damn hard, even for a native speaker so i understand them
Yeah, I just don't get those Eurosceptics in the East.
Bugger, the only ones I knew were cross spiders and daddy long legs.
Lithuania is quite safe, so no special tips for pickpocketing, we dont have that much
Even if things from now on turns in favor for Ukraine, I don't see Russia giving away Crimea and annexation of it was why sanctions were imposed in the first place.
- Lithuanians have a new president Nauseda
Pretty much like anywhere else I suppose, few Lithuanian songs, most are foreign
Theoretically their craft brew beer scene is better than ours.
It was worse than us speaking english now.
Wait
Maybe to themselves
January 13th, 1991 - the day, when Lithuanians decided to become free.
Misportraying Trump as Hitler reincarnate sells better.
Just make the knight smaller, move it to a corner and boom
I am Lithuanian and I approve of this message
Yeah, I do agree that was stupid.
Interesting that they used him the way they did.
That's true, applies to so many places
Poland has something going with the rest of the Visegrád Group but that’s not us
Actually Soviet regime made Lithuanian economy pretty stagnant (compared to capitalist Europe) and deported+killed hundreds of thousands of people
I still can't understand how a language can function with so little verbs and their forms
However, I might not be the best intel on this, as  getting attacked in public or on my property is not something I worry about
Because they are
It looks kind of badass-scary-but-good and makes you feel small.
It was hard at first, but over time I got used to it
The mixture of Lithuanian, German and Russian history.
Although I made my first comment here as a joke I can explain the stigma of being called Easter European in the Baltics
I wouldn't call Skaidra an outdated name here in Lithuania
But I think I've seen some 8 year olds do it in the playground recently, very secretive from the other kids but didn't mind an adult seeing it.
Or they will just learn how to make a presentation in just one way, because it worked in the past and there wasnt a need to learn more
Why was this posted here
So currently the problem is that the goverment did not organize those classes for them?
I am Lithuanian and piss everywhere when I am drinking
I am so confused right now
Don't forget Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, as of now, still in Europe.
An appeal is effectively a retrial, so if new evidence comes up, yes.
It's like saying you speak English because you know the word fuck.
We have the exact same holiday "Užgavėnės". We burn a giant doll usually made out of hay to scare the winter and welcome the spring
Oh my, to me this sounds like saying 'arctic circle starts only at the northermost point of Greenland'...
It's usually the suspect's parent, friend or spouse
Yay
You decide to give out vouchers that are worth 1/5th of a pie and your neighbour does the same, he just chooses ti do so with 1/6th.
In Lithuania I would not be able to function without a passport or id card even if it is not required to have one by the law.
It's extremely risky to burn trash after EU.
After Germany unified it sought stable borders, to end uprising or potential border changes.
Pretty sure we have none, or else Samogitia would be in on that immediately
Interbellum and contemporary Lithuania are much more Lithuanian nation states than the GDL
Oh, my bad
My personal favourite of theirs is "Χ Ξ Σ".
No political correctness here
• žuvėdra ( a fish eater) - seagull
Way to use your head, but I think you're using the wrong one.
I know you have one, but the only German leader seen on the international stage is the chancellor
So why do the Poles in Lithuania want to use non-Lithuanian letters
Oh, I see you somehow got hold of my travel itinerary
I have never come across that comparison, but I see where it's coming from
They are volcanic in origin, cores of volcanos that have completely eroded, leaving just that house-sized rock sticking out on a hill
Pro-EU, but for democracy
I don't think there's a single Lithuanian who doesn't call Latvians our brothers
They get posted here with their crazy covers so often.
Lovely town
Kaunas is also tolerant since there are many students from abroad and basketball teams had black players for a while now.
The way you should be reading this is: less is better.
It adds up from many different things.
I couldn't place his accent, but I though he sounded a lot like he was from Shetland - they have a fairly distinctive accent.
Until lightning hits close to you
The only non-indo european, native european languages that I can think of are the Finno-Ugrics.
Then there are some small opposition parties in parliament (8 seats or less) that range from **PTT** (right-wing nationalist), **DP** (social liberal; populist), and **LŽP** (green; pro-EU), but they do not matter as much
Limited brands (you can't find some that you can find in other supermarkets) still it is the best option when comparing prices and the quality
Slovakia
It is baked pork intestine filled with blended potatoes, fried onion and fried bacon chopped to small cubes.
Any even remotely populist party in our country would have to be anti-EU.
Moldova can into coastline
>will our country be parliamentary or semi-presidential
Unironically calls the US "Amerikkka"
so it is in central northeast
Was baptised in Catholic church, but nobody really adhereres to religion in my family
But I can't think of a single local traditional food that comes with tomatoes
Lithuania bitched the whole time...
There's a difference between placing nuclear missiles in Cuba and conducting drills
What’s up with Eastern Europe + Baltic states ?
Ukraine probably was preparing for WW3 it seems
indas - indian person/a plate, a dish
You don't account for a fact that Scotland would fall into (at least small) economic recession because of fast changes, and wouldn't have a functional goverment as soon as they leave, unless they take more than two years to do it, but then the situation changes and the process automatically becomes more complex
Yea, they all have somewhat bad rep but are actually fairly nice, especially Kaunas/Šiauliai.
What about being labeled as Vampires?
It a simple capitalist explain for 1 hospital cover up instead of all hospital cover up.
As in his homeland isn't Poland.
So we had some drinks and we saw a basketball court
With Lithuania we have relatively little in common culturally, far less than with Scandinavians.
Our foreign minister was apparently hated by Lithuanian prime minister, while he was in rule.
(and yes they are my favorite by far)
Thank you Iceland for being first to recognize our independence in 1991
We already have extremely wealthy dynasties that basically live in a different planet with different rules
This reminds of my Lithuanian friend's hilarious description of the Lithuanian army: "We've got two tanks, and only one driver"
Every Lithuanian I met was friendly indeed, but...
Isn't Jorė a pretty hipsterish contemporary Baltic name
Climate wise, we experience heat and cold, probably not as much cold as the north and not as much heat as the south, although I’m bigger heat fan than cold, so it’s quite meh for me
Nowadays, the attitudes towards regional languages has definitely shifted in most of Europe at least, but regional languages have been irreversibly damaged already
[For the downvote]
The word itself means what it means - a family name
Never change
They are a bunch of language Nazis who are constantly banning "irregular" words which lithuanians use in their everyday language
Over the years he created the system that ridicules and derogates anyone who oppose it.
Map you showed on this thread covers more than it should be, [here] is a map comparing modern Lithuania and old Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
But I guess there might be some pattern.
Its ok to have an opinion, even if its wrong
this might be used by Russia as 'proof of euro gay nazi uprise'.
• Kęstutis
Some Hesburgers have big lines too
And how do I get a flag next to my name
B Cold War never ended, there was an armistice of 15 years
иди на ху.
Another fun fact
000 confirmed kills just from archives alone (deaths, where the person was not deported, but just brought to a mass grave and shot, like [Kurapaty] And of course, there were \~1
Yea
Friday night drinking with friends.
Didn't hear any major scandals with this problem for a while
Ukraine is literally mentioned there as entity that shouldn't exist.
Sweden has barely a North Sea coast
Turiu problemų su kasa
still cute
The climate has risen by +0
Justice at last, maybe: Slovakia
The current shitshow you see in american ghetos, and a stagnating poverty rate.
If we hung out at their place, they always made food and made me feel at home
Apparently they just wanted to have a laugh?
They also work with lexic to prevent the influence of foreign languages
Funny times
Well UK seems to have volunteered to be the control group in the pandemic containment efforts
Let alone - those are just total cliché...
20 - 25 warm
The problem is that lending to Russia is not as attractive as to other high spenders.
The cities are competitive, but it's not like someone actually hates Vilnius
Yes
Yup, we call it 'karštas sumuštinis' which translates into 'hot sandwich' and we make them usually in those special kitchen appliances (and sometimes in owens or pans, depending on what crunchiness you want to achieve, but if it's in a pan we call it a Parisian hot sandwich) and put anything we like in them, although the cheese is a must, because it's not a proper hot sandwich without it
But I sure I would not join today
Oddly enough for no good reason.
For example, in Poland there are parts were ethnic minorities constitute the majority (e.g.
People often say thanks or at least wave to the driver as a form of gratitude
Protection from sun, skin cancer is a mthrfckr.
Well the main idea behind this law is that it helps police to deal with people drinking in the public while creating annoyance to others
Everywhere has a Polish population these days though you might not want to come near some of them, but you can get by with English in most places in Western Europe.
Skiing/winter/mountain resorts?
That's so thick and cringy, they sound so incredibly monotonous and not a single English sound in place, I couldn't understand half of them personally, especially politician reading notes
Flag of Lithuania on the Way to the Formation of Lithuanian Statehood
The ones I wear at home also tend to be more comfortable (sweatpants and sweaters)
Good for you Malta, I'm proud of you.
With Milan, Venice and Pope taken Italy will definitely be a fun spot watch, anyone just needs to grab Naples (if not taken) and backstabbing will sure be a constant thing in the Italian lands (like it was in the old days)
Hey, this map is wrong Lithuania has a billionaire.
but still come on
*I wanna be the very best*
Petras Petraitis or Jonas Jonaitis
> If the whole planet is connected within 6 degrees of separation, I think that means literally half the planet is likely also equally connected to the owners of that house
Then at some point same company made another version which got super popular, called “Žalios Devynerios” (Green Nines) and it tastes mostly like Jägermeister
Oh you watched the same Scandinavian fiction as the guy above
Most likely Germany (German)
I'm sure you're smart enough to find someone who'll appreciate your ability to see the future.
Same with PLC, cultural and political elites spoke Polish in both Crown and Lithuania.
Anyksciai is popular, because every Lithuanian teacher goes to anyksciai, because you know, Biliūnas
Geographically they are NE European but culturally i dont see many similarities between countries like Norway and Lithuania.
Third world country does not mean poor country.
You should not post comments from that website.
I'll reply when I find it (and if it's credible).
The whole workplace is a huge room full of pots boiling over a hellfire.
Oh yes
". Such a meta nonsense
I pressed "post" to quickly on my previous post, continuing here:
I wonder if it has something to do with the fact that it has Lithuanian flag inside it
I like nice bread so I thought I could never do this, but I admit to starting doing it while I was living in NL
Dam Russians, first they take our lands then our independence and now this
Have this in Lithuania, as well as religion or ethics lessons
Not aware of such rules either, but having such surname would probably cause quite a few inconveniences to the bearer.
Also -
You know, the stuff that mattered to us
Nobody hates Russians here as long as you respect us and our country
Daughter's surname ends with -aitė, -ytė, -ūtė..., showing the gender and unmarried family status in the family
Currently memes are being shared in instagram and facebook
At my own house i lock all the time
You want one example of who Russia belongs to ?
Super power: A very desperate call for help summons three brothers with sythes
And now I feel stupid
Whites also attacked us, pay reparations!
you guys are lithuanian too
I found it funny :)
But that's like 20% Polish mythology 20% Lithuanian mythology 10% patriotism and secatianism and 50% invented romanticism bullshit.
Yes, so much yes
Yeah, this year is strange so far, in more ways than one.
I am pretty sure that this will actually increase costs for them in the long run.
Out of all of the places I've been to in that region Ojcowski park narodowy was my favourite
It probably depends on the POV too, if you're from spain, you would probably classify lithuania as northern, other thing when you're from norway
I have just crossed these cities by bus en route to Saint Petersburg and back
Is kur esi
"over 100 years" would be correct, too
And both of our countries cooperate military-wise, LitPol grid
So they make us close the Ignalina plant because "oh no terrible" and then 15 years later come out with that because NOW it suits them
In such a case, language may shift, but not necessarily diverge, even on a global scale
Yeah people do know that we exist but we don't really have misconceptions about us ( or at least I don't know any)
You're not wrong but to I got something to add
does it really
Even apples are Polish :D
After that we'll be heading towards to St.
I miss it of course, but visiting often (pre-covid) having close relationship with family, friends and keeping up with Lithuanian news/media really help to still feel connected
Similarly to how phone scams work.
Vilnius has a LOT
Its downfall was that it was too expensive, too complicated and wehrmacht didn't really need it
Ich liebe trinkt mineralwasser
Like why would you protect criminal that you have nothing to do with and they would get tried for war crimes if I am not mistaken
Taking advantage of a situation is not below the Kremlin.
[This]
I've been to Greece, we're not fucking better off than Greece
Feeling proud
Its not that I have something against NASA, I just want ESA to have more recognition for more funding and support
They don't make as much as Poland.
And high concentration of [blond hair and light eyes]
Basically
(Eye roll)
Haven't heard this idiom in Lithuania
If you ban it - it doesn't exist anymore.
I don't recall anyone ever asking what's the purpose of my visit.
Maybe you don’t even have this game
Only a rightful ruler will have nice looking borders and to achieve clean borders even a small genocide is allowed
One of my best friends had a terrible experience with a public psychologist and now years after she still avoids seeking help
edit: Some non-EU responded as well, so count Russia in
They keep their streets clean, they respect the law, they work hard and harder than we expect in this country, they learn the language and engage the community.
It's seen as a light snack, mostly.
If that's what Scotland wants then we will fully support you
Lithuanian and Polish not at >71 distance
Yes, but Republicans control the senate and there is a republican nominated president.
Now she is able to approve then before joining
Just to be more interesting,
We, along with Poles, probably made UK to decide to leave the EU
Some significant and beautiful artifacts from the Grand Duchy of Lithuania are in the museums
stonks
That would solve both problems
It's all about Chop n' Go now
[It has a very difficult making technique] and is often brought as a gift
Why would I leave my fatherland for few more euros?
One of the founders and leaders of the Lithuanian Communist Party and headed the short-lived Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic and Lithuanian–Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republic (Litbel) in 1918–19.
There is a lot of awful music, but I really don’t like this
I hope Paris can rebuild, and learn from the fire to prevent it from happening again
Even when out in pubs Lithuanians are quite passive and indifferent towards strangers
US cares about democracy and stability in Europe.
This idea that all our "work centers" have to be 30 story high glass towers or else our "modern economy" would collapse is idiotic.
Where's Gediminas tower
Although I generally dislike constructions that have the plural ending "ai". Have no idea why, i just dislike them for some reason
Especially since you're going need time to train.
Germany
Just how do you get those names into excistense when they're sooo different from the original xD
Character should absolutely be taken into account when sentencing
Do you just let them sleep in the canals
No, because German guy gave a better translation that show that this article is not true
To those that think it could never happen again, look at eastern Ukraine and Crimea
propaganda pusher
Saulė - Sun(female), Mėnulis - moon(male)
It's like saying Newton invented apples falling from trees
You do know Poland took a Lithuanian for a king as part of alliance ?
Those who stayed in Visaginas still struggle as the language is rarely used.
We actually do not have an 'it' neutral words, everything is gendered in the language
Parking front first also
i dont know how hesburger is in other countries but in lithuania its awful
All communist states are like this
Really common, although it's different about smoking in public places
But of course that's just my theory and I am currently reading Machiavelli book :D
Malonu su jumis / tavimi susipažinti
Unit
"Gera vieta"  - nice place
DUDE I have the same map as you do
I also wonder about correlation between this and alcohol consumption.
yo dawg, I heard you like rivers so we put a river over your river so you could swim in water while being above the water's surface
Big things have small beginnings.
Although your comment is true, as long as England can get rid of some of the dross aka Rooney they should do well at the world cup.
(Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Belarus, northern Russia)
***how***
Here in the wilderness beyond the Eurozone I keep my foreign currency in a jar.
Belarus and Ukraine also border Russia but the former needs a tourist visa and the latter is massive and takes a full day to travel across.
I'm of Lithuanian nationality, so I'm not really interested in pure-bred Latvian country at all.
In Lithuania we also say "paukščių kalba" - bird's language
Stop counting British and Irish tanks and gunships.
How big are openings for cars
I have one more bird song, to really impress someone, who hasn't heard it
Yes, so much yes
300,000 people would have to sign the petition for the government to organize one.
> Oh the Lithuanian sense of humour is close to the German
That spot would probably be more crazy than Iraq right now
We have homeless people, addicts, alcoholics wandering on the streets, but who doesn't.
To the east - grand dukes
Normal
The Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth was a great power up until the late 17th century.
Unless you're a special snowflake and somehow find a way to opt out.
After Hitler gave ultimatum to give up Klaipėda region and after we refused to make an alliance and joint attack on Poland to regain Vilnius, Germans pretty much lost any faith on seeing us on their side.
It's not me mixing them up mate.
The self-defence laws in Lithuania differ depending whether you’re  protecting your property or yourself in public
Czechia
Representation of women in decision-making processes remains low in all three Baltic states
It just has that hook, that ear worm, that just gets in your head
You can choose to learn it in school as a secondary foreign language.
Free or at least cheaper higher education
Just like how it was when I first moved to the US
The last Russian forces left Estonia only in 1994, for example.
If you have kids or a partner then a different setup would probably be better
I know I'm late but still, I took a challenge to take a look at my playlist and pick one song I listen to the most for every European language (if I have one).
Kudos for Lithuanians though, they have the best roads in the region!
* I usually buy the tickets on [www
> I said a hip hop,
stinks
Ayy cuz a theoretical politics degree is more important than years of experience as a EU politician and president of the European Parliament
Its about struggle for democracy
They're suspicious of non ex-USSR countries, those who don't speak belarusian/russian or those who don't have any one to vouch for them.
Even if you type google.com it redirects you to your local site.
What does it mean
Well, being bilingual basically means nothing abroad, if only 3 million people speak your native tongue
Oy, neighbor, wanna discuss Adomas Mickevičius/Adam Mickiewicz as well
Fun fact: because of this reason we have Iceland street in Vilnius and in other towns
Unfortunately it's still possible to democratically elect very shitty government as well
Not watching, just keep in mind [this] is the american motto.
You know, goth teenagers sitting in a cemetery around some candles placed to form a pentagram, chanting nonsense.
The smell of Linden tree flowers, thyme, fennel and honey
These people won't abandon their new life and go back
I've just seen on the news that your prime minister is chilling in Vilnius and our president is chilling in Warsaw
So you lost the argument and you started to attack my country, very mature of you.
Mehh, not really
There were talks about join Lithuanian-Latvian state after regaining independence in 1918 but it wasn't that much popular, Polish-Lithuanian war didn't help either.
I have doubts about that
Even today they have different surnames depending on their marital status.
8 billion years ago to see how the big bang happened or 60-70 mil
The concentration of Lithium in the environment is related to the geological characteristics of the Lithuanian area which cannot be changed.
Yes, I know what you mean (and can't see the reason why somebody downvoted you for your opinion) :) 4 years ago she was like a fresh breeze in our pop music scene because we simply didn't have what you call "typical millenial" music.
There were a couple of cases in Lithuania over the past 2 years where children died because of abuse by parents(authorities didn't have reason to react until that point etc.
That's why I am saying investing isn't actually for everyone
Okay, I want the person who suggested earthquake as the next disaster couple days ago in the r/askreddit to step forward
I could have spent less, but I opted to buy some of them so I could make notes inside.
Never had this problem
Sour cream and pizza
Can Baltics into Scandinavia
The borders were shifted and the nations changed within them too.
In Iraq, illiterate 14-year old usually perform such attacks in public places.
Lithuanian - Salieras
I'm Polish, and even though our Minister of National Defence sounds like a nutjob, the Lithuanian government seems to be even worse.
Meanwhile, if he gets the idea he can get away with something in an area like Crimea or Ukraine by giving countries an out (reason not to support them) , he is much much comfortable taking action.
It is sad that Russian has rolled into another cycle of authoriatrian rule
This recently made by [EmperorTigerstar] videomap shows changing frontlines during Russian civil war.
Other than those 2 months it just stinks
Loved Riga
I don't want to talk about it
And yet it sounds as if being hit on is the #1 oppressive problem for all women of the world
I think thats posible.Trump may be playing with everyone.
Weird
Also, the title of the movie "Cristopher Robin" was translated to "Jonukas". Jonukas is the diminutive form of Jonas, or John in english
Permanent residents, who are legal and adapted to culture, language and are functional members of society must be able to vote
No surprise at all, Lithuania is the longest and most vocal, harsh critic of Kremlin Government
Tanks are useless if you can't affort to have proper logistics to keep them.
The fact, that China isn't even on the list, says a lot
But in context comparing just GDP (as previous comment said) is even more misleading.
Just to be clear I will state that I also think you are correct.
It's slightly different from Cuba or NK.
Let's hope our order and justice in Lithuania will never again be that popular
It's a classicist painting, not realist.
How about every single Eastern European, African, Asian who have hard lives all move to Germany
Nobody hates Russians here as long as you respect us and our country
Have you been to Boston
We do not have any world famous artists or scientists or people in general, so the only little fame that we can get(I guess through our basketball team) we try to hold on to as much as we can, even though the fame is completely meaningless and adds nothing to the world
Looks like Mount & Blade Warband Rhodoks got heavily inspired by this
It's made in USA, but filmed in Lithuania and about Lithuania "Tarp pilkų debesų". This film tells us about Soviet deportations
Euro in 2015
So your investment 10 years ago at best would not have decreased
I couldn't find any sort of ceremonial re-transfer of authority after independence from the USSR, so I think that in effect, the sovereign authority over it were just transferred to the respective Baltic delegations that the US [recognized as holding sovereign power of the state]#Diplomacy):
Latvian, Lithuanian and Estonian Brexit: Suicide
But regardless of those semantics, if all known attempts to make communism happen end in authoritarianism, then can you call communism innocent
It's very likely to happen soon
If it's pubs, you guys take the cake I think, if it's Vodka, I think finish take the cake, Russia aside, I exclude it as I assume it's about EU, not the continent, but Russia and Finland would have vicious rivalry going on
I imagine a grandma when I hear this name
They couldn't use soviet times flags/hymn/etc.
No one really cares, but people still just go by the unwritten rules
Well I do trust a German guy in German matters.
All of that resulted in a lot of problems.
It's just "Romos Imperia", not even holy
but they also don't get points from neighbors (well maybe from Brits for the old times)
Today in 1991 Lithuania voted for independence with 93.2% of voters saying Yes
The prices are higher than in your home and you should be able to get anything you need in home anyway, well at least in St Petersburg.
The higher the number the better
Do I qualify for Lithuanian Citizenship?
I would see Lithuania as the most vulnerable, if the Russian government felt its access to Kaliningrad were threatened.
I would say that Iceland here is misrepresented the most
[Potato - Meat dumplings] known as Cepleinai
Clearly American troops are [oppressing] Lithuanians, while Russians [protected] us from those Fascist invaders!
Even our police has to meet them at the border...
Also, “Traukinio apiplėšimas kurį įvykdė Saulius ir Paulius”
Loud noises, rain, wind
I sure hope you are right, by this "Money was always the states pressure point and now this stronghold slowly crumbles" I assume you have in mind crypto-currencies, you might be right, but they already understood the scope of change these currencies can bring, so state initiatives to regulate them are already popping up
Malonu susipažinti
* Hrodna – Gardinas
It's ridiculous
Roscosmos is a Государственная корпорация, so the money comes from goverment (not like wolrd known SpaceX)
Latvia
Also taste out our beers, you'll like it
Troškūnai, because it has a funny name, a cool coat of arms and a population under 400
except Belgium and Lithuania (sorry, guys!)
Chechnya and other regions might have successfully separated under a different leadership.
I have absolutely no idea why so many are saying yes and why are they being upvoted - they all are just factually wrong.
As someone pointed out, did you account for different time zones ( aka Europe is at midday and US is just waking up?)
And at the same time serves a social service (that does significantly matter for poorer families).
You're conflating apples to oranges constantly in your post.
So that's why you get big Polish numbers, they just picked that nationality even though they were a mix of both.
How dare you attack Vilnius in such manner
And that long route through Poland won't be a lot of fun, either especially between Wroclaw and Lodz and then Warsaw to Bialystok.
Lithuania is on the way though, but it may still take many years for them to meet the minimum.
FRANCE’S NO GO ZONES: Women fight back after being BANNED from streets by muslim men
Lithuania, it's a lovely country, but I would feel like an intruder living there as a Pole.
Annoyed, no
They also have I believe the second highest hser base in the eu in lithiuania + favorable laws, so I thought that they started here
Did the math, now somebody turn this into a map!
Depends on each person
edit: Some non-EU responded as well, so count Russia in
Hmmmmmmmmmmm
I'm not going to be "thankful", just because some ignorant person on the internet told me to be
Of course Americans tend to generalize Europe as this one and same place, so they have a bad time with geography
Kaunas: Competing with Vilnius
And keep Vitamin D tablets in those pockets
Bezdonys (which roughly translates to "Farting people")
I think PPS is more relevant here, since it is a better estimation of living standards in respective countries.
You seem to be all over the place with your argument, opting solely to use ad hominem by calling your opposition ignorant without pointing it out.
Also when the american news segment comes, it is short and most often covered last
Lithuanian is a synthetic language
To say that "Slavic" Macedonian are claiming Hellenic history and Alexander The Great is to say that **"Germans (not Nazi) builded death camps"**.
Maybe it's more of a girl thing too.
I can read Russian sites with Google Translate as well...
[Užgavėnės]
What other proof of respect do you need ?
They don't teach that in school
I don't know, my take is a more *communal* feeling
Do you remember the story about a child being taken by Norwegian child care?
Native:
What would happen if someone in Germany heard you listen to it
That seems so cool, is it difficult to steer
[Germans and their obsession with Lithuania.
He was killed in Germany, as I read in the GoFundMe page, but what's so special about this specific case?
Nice try
His family was from Flanders I think, so technically Belgian
What value was Crimea or Eastern Ukraine or Syria?
She lost it in Suzhou, a city 150km from Shanghai.
Baltic (Latvia, Lithuania & Kaliningrad Oblast)
I will gladly read your arguments (not that I disagree with you, just want to read a bit on FYROM and Macedonia)
You mean like the neighborhood itself is a trap of sorts
Tell that to Norwegians who bought Tesla Model S like it was a Golf.
Is it placed correctly in terms of latitude
I guess "challenge" is another similarly untranslatable word
Old Church Slavonic was adopted as official language, but mainly used only in Ruthenian speaking lands, in Lithuanians lands, Lithuanian language was used, only in Cyrilic script, and yes soon Polish took over with it's language and Latin script.
Purged from Turkey's army, officers seek asylum in Belgium
Vytautas the great
That is because the government manages purchasing well and gets big discounts for big orders on high quality alcohol
So Lithuanians as a nation didn't actually exist for millennia, as the thread title suggests.
Where we learned about old local traditions, celebrations, rituals, clothing, folk art symbolism, myths etc
"Saulgėrįža" means "solstice". The winter solstice ("žiemos saulėgrįža") occurs a few days before Christmas and the word "saulėgrįža" refers to that
Like that
In Lithuania you spent 9 months in the army, learning how to defend your home front.
Just some cheap pisswasser
Big no no
But the question was about voting against the independence of Lithuania not about compromising in a hellish situation and letting your name be added to the Communist Party roster.
But you might get problems traveling in Europe because we use different sockets (and not sure for V and Hz in each country)
I can't understand Lithuanian when I hear it, but there are many similar words, and it's possible to understand more when reading it, instead of listening.
Make Lithuania Great Again....with Poland being even Greater!...
Polish Minority Party Wants to Ban Abortions in Lithuania
That's why I'm saying that neighbors, coworkers, etc opinions should be at least somewhat considered
Sanders is a full on tankie, but he knows speaking about communism is politically untenable, so he just substitutes the word communism with Democratic Socialism and tries to equate his positions with that of Nordics, because his constituancy holds Nordics in high regard
Books and education doesn't go along with islam, su no surprise here.
I really hope that the new dev is not a bald guy
There are no words like "Sovietas" or "Kaunclas/Kauntslas" in the Lithuanian vocabulary.
Oh so that is why it seemed so familiar.
My ancestors moved here from Africa
I recommend Samogitia
Never had a package stolen
Ah yes, cultural heritage of having people who are deemed "superior" just because they are born into a certain family
> USSR was not communist
Germany
Latin America says that Russia is never far enough
It's an easy assumption to make considering that Russia isn't exactly a unifying force for Europe.
Yeah, pretty much
Deimunitive term for brother, it's translated as little brother
I didn't see other people write it that way around me either
> pizza and pasta at the same time
Yep, we Lithuanians are having similar problems
And yet, here we are
a legal term for a person, not an actual person.
And how do I get a flag next to my name
Really cold <-20
If you want to be safe safe just switch žemaičių dialect
Nr 1 is absolute nonsense
but is therefore 100 times more funny
He could build a huuuuge wall and let Austria/Australia pay for it.
And you know what happens, when only one group in society has effective weapons available to them?
While it's funny, I've never understood why they think it is so.
Lithuania will accept a thousand Syrian refugees, minoriry of them will stay here, so here's our multiculturalism.
Oh no, so anyways
Remember that most mediterranean used to be "one world".
Yes it is
Language was completely detached from this.
Begging is only illegal in Vilnius
It will give you a free PU over Lithuania.
I've been to the Austrian ones recently, it was over 30 C at the base, around 0 C at the top
Let's burn down some apartaments and discriminate gays
I don't think Russian would get insulted this way
I'm not much of a car person and would like to know which country has the lower prices and better conditions to buy.
Literally anything that has to do with culture from Japan
Because we didn't even try and got in.
Our president doesn't really have that much power...
I get that it most of the city's inhabitants didn't quite have a choice whether they want to live there under communism, but why would anyone subject themselves to life in such an utterly depressing and dangerous place these days
Hey, that's me
Which usually means he gets shut down or never achieves anything because the other side doesnt want to talk
Paying different prices in cash and in card
Equality of opportunity is in place in most Western countries
Being a liberal democracy is a prerequisite, and Turkey has destroyed all the track record it had in that department
And while they said that Constantinople was pretty nice, they said that somewhere starting from the middle of Anatolia they still live in the middle ages.
Edit: we had a baltic road and first to get freed from SARS (CCCP, USSR, forgot which one is English abbreviation) grips
Lithuania is also the only one of the three to not have huge stocks of Russians immigrants...
Since Lithuanian writting is quite a new thing they had to make up some new letters to tidy up the writting.
The actual trade deal will show who is nice and who is having to high expectations to begin with.
My family used to speak Russian, so I couldn't understand them, but they have forgotten it as most of the people I guess in Lithuania who knew Russian
Well in Usa murders are mostly gangbangers shooting other gangbangers in the ghetto.
I went to high school in the US
I guess it's not really indentity, but rather mentality that binds a lot of europeans togheter
The general rule in Europe is the more south you go the more popular basketball gets.
I thought that Dublin was in Poland
I can easily identify and understand some (depending on the language) Spanish, German, Dutch, Welsh, Russian, Polish, Italian, and French, and can discern between Spanish and Portuguese, and Polish and Lithuanian by the accents of the speakers, but I don't think I would be able to discern between speakers who lived near the borders of those respective nations.
Well, it is very messy :)
Vilnius in Lithuania is becoming top travel destination, the city is really unique offering many outdoor activities, lively nightlife and beatiful Vilnius Old Town.
Lithuania was never a province of Poland.
You are disappointed because not everyone is a sheep thinking like they're told to
Germany - Vokietija
I understand voicing out opinion or just in general negotiating about EU future.
I'd recommend the second or third option, or my own favorite, startpage.com
I've been a part of several and the rules were routine, but I've heard of variations too.
" Which literally means "or no
We probably have the harshest drinking laws in Europe
Baik keiktis
They eradicated the pagans from both modern day Poland and Lithuania
They use all Blum hardware and their warranty is excellent all 25 years of it
CK 3 tried Ireland, got boring way too quickly
06 grams of cannabis in his smoking tray
Šaltibarščiai, the iconic Lithuanian pink soup
Louvre was nice as well
Why would anyone sing in artificial language?
Palys palįs, palys, palis
Nothing else thanks to Napoleon.
That's what I was going to say haha
The higher the number the better
There's not much left of Europe when you say wester and mean EU.
Still nostalgic about it
Its native language song, written by band's leader during his school years, with lyrics so deep, moral, sincere and fitting the national narrative that it deserves to be read and sung in schools, have papers written about it
well Estonia is more neighbors with Finland and we're neighbors with latvia
even if its May already
Yeah Lithuania went from 0.9% to 1.8% within 3 years and brought back conscription after Russia annexed Crimea.
They told the dane to "educate" and posted a link to some website called "nordic estonia".
Youngsters on loud motorcycles are viewed very negatively but it's not too common, probably because of the climate...
I will also admit that most likely I was wrong, given the facts that other users stated.
Green Nines - anise, vanilla, citrus and coffee
Back in the nineties we used to have lots of snow from November until April.
This shit is illegal
Before, it was simply the coat of arms in a red background
Might as well ask baby boomers about any other important wars before ww1 and you will get the same answers.
Not really stupid but confusing Lithuanian versions of some animals I've remembered so far:
Go visit very high hills (200m or less), go visit stone museum, Telšē and other cool cities
Lithuania is like Token from South Park, heh
I know it's a joke, but LT/Poland border to Tallinn is 655 KM by the straightest road possible
Great
Well yeah, but can't we call them former already?
"Altorių šešėly" (In the Shadow of Altars) dramatic take on the thoughts and doubts of a priest
Woah
I (Lithuanian) have dated some German guys and an Australian guy
But after a year, coming back to the show, I- like many people here - felt lost and thought it was a bit of a stretch
What's more surprising to me is that Lithuania per capita is richer than Greece and Portugal.
Sorry not sorry
Even some cities in my countries that are about 125 miles away, are considered very far.
You probably just triggered Lithuanian really hard.
See you on March 11th when our next independence day is celebrated
Rail Baltica officialy opens in 2025.
Mostly because of prevalence of using state names in movies
Nothing lasts forever
Desktop: [ kopija 2020-05-20 11-46-14
Poland and Lithuania needed each other because Teutonic Order was our enemy.
They use all Blum hardware and their warranty is excellent all 25 years of it
well, I guess we got the finest of both genders
I also once heard that Latvians have easier time understanding Lithuanians than vice versa, but I am not sure how this holds true
The most beautiful Old Town in all of Europe
It's also worth mentioning about [Naglių kaimas] a village that got swallowed by the dunes overtime and is now completely buried under the sand
We used to have a couple milk bars in town, they were awesome
Urban life is not for everyone after all, and places within an hour of bigger cities, given good public transport, could be extremely attractive options
So we sometimes see them, but we don't have to deal with them.
You probably won't go there, ever, so it makes sense to portray the passports as pretty much equal
We sometimes say blemba, but it's not really a swearword
In the previous Estonian flag thread somebody had linked this picture (together with Estonian and Lithuanian flags), but yeah, I guess it was buried somewhere.
Unfortunately, a part of the average Portuguese might gather all the eastern European countries and call them "russian", but in no way connected to the real perception of Russia.
Male:
The only place I've ever seen on the internet (that is Denmark) is this single street
Damn, Lithuania is still in the middle ages
Latvian dogs say ''vau'', Lithuanian dogs say ''vauas''.
Doesn't explain H though; it was my understanding that we used 'ch' for loanwords and 'h' was a Lithuanian letter.
Beat teutonic order /w poles, ruled lands from sea to sea, brought us kibinai :D
Additionally I would add that this tree was funded by a non-governmental company and thus it is not funded by the tax-payer money, so there shouldn’t be a fuss about poor allocation of resources.
83% said nej to it in a referendum in 1955.
Another stalin's brilliant idea to incite territorial disputes, conflict (about 50km inside belarus teritory are lithuanian villages)
[Specifically this one] I would call it a small cheesecake instead of a curd snack (courtesy of Wikipedia
If it's a woman you say hi or hug
I didn't know Lithuania had been around for several thousand years.
No, nazism is not cool,
4] So I don't know what you're talking about
But thank you for asking nonetheless
[Writing business/store hours like this] Roman numerals are week days I-V Monday-Friday, VI-VII Saturday-Sunday.
These are our grand dukes :
OK, more sofisticated merger: Lithuania+Kaliningrad Oblast :)
We also eat a lot of tomatoes in Lithuania, it's one of our main vegetables along with cucumbers
People who talk in public transport are weird.
4 litres)
As a fellow lithuanian, fuck off
*forces you to eat back your vomit and educates you about benefits of EU*
And, in case of the cooking classes, you can eat them afterwards
I've been to Greece, we're not fucking better off than Greece
I mean DUH
Go start shit up in North America and be our colonial ally.
Each person's sexuality/attraction to others is different.
> if you think that they are better off than Lithuania
Visit our UNESCO heritage dunes
You can always learn latvian, but you can‘t become an ethnic latvian if you‘re born an ethnic russian
McDonald's or Hesburger (a similar burger chain with more mayo) would be another popular choice, since not that many other places are open at night
Back in a day (90s - early 2000s) it used to be [čeburėkai] but now reduced to mostly being sold at the beach in summer.
I voted for the other liberals, though
Summer near the sea makes us last one more year
Public transport usage
Lithuania will cease to exist in a couple of decades altogether.
Chills, literal chills
So we Lithuanians got that "better dead than X" mentality
Looking at Google Earth maps is a trip
I blame the Lithuanians for that.
My school does anyway, I’ve been to another school that doesn’t though
It's not like I am actually hating lithuanian people lol ._."
"Nature calls me"
Motivation is important too, if you want to learn Russian then just learn Russian, because learning a language that you find boring (German in your case) is stressful.
German city
Spent 2 weeks there last Summer (a week sightseeing + a weeklong 100km hike through the mountains)
V. Landsbergis (he's still alive but he was a really important figure during Lithuania's independence restoration in 1990-91)
Maybe Germany as well
I like the German flag on the right
Į really enjoy shiey's content and he's hella famous, but almost bone of the lithuanians watch him
I don't live in Lithuania, but I'd be armed and fighting if any Russian soldier bothered to step onto Lithuanian soil
Currently, I am reading a book by Eric Schlosser "Command and control".
Most use zoom
why did you remove all the posts about muslims youths rioting in a church in Vienna ?
Our country didn't really exist after the war, and by the time we did come into existence, most of the collaborators were dead at that point
You will reach a village/town/ sea or border guards will stop you
I know that people from former communist countries don't like being called Eeastern Europeans, but it was the Cold War and its aftermath that defined Europe as it is
"Putin: The Most Powerful Man in the World" CNN
Nice, did you just deny the Russian presence in Ukraine ?
so they are uneducated migrants
Anyways, I'd say 1300s were a golden age because there weren't any major wars, the population was growing, new trade routes to the western countries, and because of Gediminas, skilled artisans were coming from all over Europe in order to sell and teach artisans in Lithuania
There are like 50 lithuanian redditors, so that's not likelly to be the case.
I even have Yahoo Japan account
It all started with Lithuanian dynasty ascending on the throne of Poland.
For men it's something like Algis (or Algimantas)
Not that bad
I'm not sure about the full implementation of ancapism, but if we get 90% of the way, I believe the world would be a better place.
Land no good, to much clay or sand, no good for crop.
I have a spare bedroom for refugees, if anyone wants to relocate
It's not popular, but we do have a couple good boxers, Olympic Games worthy.
BMW uh, finds a way
Pretty sure overwhelming majority of people like artworks only if they look nice
I hope this got reposted to /im14andthisiadeep already
One was brain cancer because it was diagnosed, others just old people falling asleep or falling and hitting their head.
I'm certain some nationalistic people will scream "BUT MUH IDENTITY
We have Lithuanian-Polish-Ukrainian Brigade, Dalia Grybauskaite, the President of Lithuania, supports Ukraine and frequently speaks about it on TV and we (Ukraine & Lithuania) were pretty close historically.
Another Baltic here to agree
That depends on interconnectivity, I think
Trump speaking about US NATO commitments.
Same with Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and Kievan Rus'.
Most of the countries in the list are small and don't give a flying f*ck - just like those tiny psycho dogs which yip and bite without fear
At the end of the presentation my friend told me that he heard about a Georgian food restaurant not far from where we were so we decided to go and try those tasty Khachapuri she mentioned.
Or at least tram services
Not with that attitude, it doesn't. London already has more remote towns with train lines to London considered as 'commuter' towns
Is it just water
That we speak latin
Could be that the real estate was just open then since Croatia and Lithuania were the only Catholic countries to come out of the breakdown of the communist bloc.
Also so rich they can spit on me and id be worth 3x more if i were to be sold as an item
If I'm walking somewhere for more than 5 minutes I'll wear thick tights under my jeans or wear two pairs of pants
We do that and Lithiania once again extends from Baltic sea to the Black sea
From where be
Do you also put simple and plain sugar on bread?
I really like this, but why am I in the potato land
There are many dialects
I just feel like most Europeans wouldn't act the same.
Now all SU slaves who kept good relations with Russia stayed authoritarian, with georgia, ukraine maturing for clear democracy not too long ago, armenia still struggling to break out
I kinda doubt it, the hardest alcohol abuse here happens in private homes
How Lithuania is in Hungarian
Latvian is possible to figure out in text form, impossible if they speak
Brazil is occasionally mentioned, but I guess in this case New Zealand overshadowed it
Russia is spreading fake history through tv channels, seeds national hate in social media comments, frequently carries out cyber attacks against our government and business IT systems
I think it's just a scammy sect for rich and stupid people
I'm saying there will be a way for countries that were (re)born out of the collapse of the Soviet Union to have allegiance to both Russia and the European Union which will benefit and please both.
Russia didnt "give" independence, we declared ourselves independent
English is not an official language of Austria, so they probably couldn't pick that.
exactly, take guns away from everyone and then there is less danger in the environment and useless police doesn't have to do as much to be useful in the first place.
[Cepelinai] - a huge 'dumpling' where dough is basically potatoes, [kugelis] - a potato oven dish, [vėdarai] - sausage filled with potatoes, [bulviniai blynai] - potato pancakes
The country is still pretty backwards when it comes to respecting those who are different than the majority
Just like a photo doesn't show the true beauty of a place, a history book won't show you what were those times like, you know
I ask for the cheapest and I couldn’t care what the person serving thinks
Except for the fact that they don't rid it of its foul smell.
The lyrics are beautiful and don't feel like they're fake (like in a lot of modern music), but actually very real and comming from the songwriters heart
&#x200B;
I said the jews that *stemmed* from israel came back
But it still a give and take relationship.
But no thunderstorms
I have never come across that comparison, but I see where it's coming from
Where my country is (but there is no hope for that)
There are some great takes on English cuisine
No, since I'm fluent in English
Well as long as you say please :D
They fought the Teutons back in the days like crazy.
Those trees don't look old enough to be planted during soviet times
I think it's mostly an American thing.
1000 – tūkstantis, 2000 – du tūkstančiai, 10000 – dešimt tūkstančių, 11000 – vienuolika tūkstančių,
The language has most certainly, notably changed in the last 2000 years
Don't see what you're hinting at
Murcia Spain
You could open a business and recruit some helpers.
The syrian refugees in Eastern Europe is a "Theoretical problem" at best.
That would be last nail in the EU coffin.
Shouldn't Lithuania be Russia or Latvia
I didn't read it yet, my father read it: Altorių šešėlyje
It's more that Lithuanian language has changed least from proto-Indo-European language
I take vitamin D every day
Aslo idiots vote for anything with out thinking what effect will that have in future..
(Jk of course this looks great)
Off the top of my head for Lithuania:
Most foreign people here are from International University
I don't think any more or Denmark exists last this street
It took good damn world wars, force repatriations and border shifting to make the country homogenous and even so we're not of same religion.
Same here – 'Pekinas'.
Sorry but NO
Before that(before 2014) it had what the map shows, which is what it exactly says it shows.
I believe, sanity is sometimes stronger than our retarded politicians
Flavour wasn't ever of much importance
Eastern Europe is a cold war relic.
Despite the re-migration westwards, the European Commission sees the relocation scheme as a success, said Giedrius Sudikas, spokesman for the commission's office in Lithuania.
Then the winged hussars arrived!
There are no major cities, important routes or belarussian population who would be glad to join Belarus
So I get to sleep until 8
Mostly helicopters
**Y**anis Var**ou**fakis in Lithuanian is **J**anis Var**au**fakis.
**Niujorkas** - sounds like a Lithuanian city!
I think the science of sexuality and the evolution of the brain has helped dispel myths and misconceptions.
It was only used by luftwaffe paratroopers(fallschirmjäger)
It was quite interesting
Germany is the epicenter of the railway it seems
/r/AbolishTheMonarchy
"unfriendly" well no shit based on how much pain Russia caused to some of those countries
Is it though
Oh I'm not arguing about the stigma surrounding seeking help, just saying that people underestimate the help that's available
You can google it, but to truly experience a bitterns song, you have to hear it yourself
Isn't it a bit early for orthodox Christmas?
Trumps wall wasn't to be a real wall asweel, neither was Bushes wall, it was mostly a giant fence.
Then perhaps even Lithuania can into Nordics.
Dear Spain,
We were talking about Icelandic population though
Surprised you don't call it like that.
They’re basically Lithuanian gopniks
I also live in poland
As a student I have to pay 50 ct in cash and then I get a small receipt  working as ticket
Sous ma bitte
Now it's starting to stand on it's feet, of course it's hard at first- when you drop the shackles of former oppressor and go to war with him, but Ukraine is one of the fastest currently growing economies in Europe and predictions looking nothing but bright
We got ž/š/č instead double-letters with z.
who has said she would like to see a no fly zone above Syria
I've just seen on the news that your prime minister is chilling in Vilnius and our president is chilling in Warsaw
Well I the younger ppl do, it's just that the more conservative parties keep getting elected, by older ppl
And this castle historically has absolutely nothing to do with Poland.
Interestingly, when you want to say that something will never happen in Russian, like "when pigs fly" in English, you say "когда рак на горе свистнет" or "kogda rak na gore svistnet" which means "when the crayfish whistles on the mountain".
In the United States at least, Latvians are second by income, Russians third, Lithuanians fifth out of entire US's melting pot of nationalities.
Edit: Great
When Napoleon invaded Russia, basically every Pole and Lithuanian sided with him.
That is some outright fascism towards Ukraine.
Correct me if I am wrong but after ww1 you did fight a lot with your neighbors?
Yes, it is painless
we form our own power bloc to stabilise current tensions.
It's not that clear cut
Nature
Now that I'm back in LT though I don't do it anymore, I can have my favourite bread again, I can't freeze it
> pizza and pasta at the same time
I visited one, and told that colleage, "Ich bin heute auf Vulkan gewesen".  He corrected me: "auf einem Vulkan".  Then I realised that in English I would not make that mistake, "I've been on **a** volcano", obviously
But European society's are voluntary moving from "radical" sides to more "conservative" economy :D
It dates to the ancient migrations of goths (self named *gutans*) through now slavic lands, when balts and goths were neighbors and the name stuck to these teritories.
It's even cheaper to buy one than to rent.
* Gediminas
And keep Vitamin D tablets in those pockets
When times are tough (now), MP works as backup police force, along with volunteer military force and military guild/volunteers "šauliai"
I've never heard of this in Lithuania.
Showel in Lithuanian is "kastuvas", but older people use the word "lopeta". I think that came from soviets
You bet your ass we’re not friendly
On one hand, they're about to get a good humbling experience, but on the other hand it's sad that the normal half of the population will have to experience the aftershock too.
And thats what we do :)
The most accurate answer in this (dumb) thread.
With all do respect Mr Gorbachev, but you can choke on a soggy dick with your claims of treachery.
Mostly sights I associate with Europe (like the Eiffel Tower) and sights I associate with my home country (like the Gediminas castle)
That is why I pointed out I can easily tell apart Czech and Slovak speaker in both Egnlish/German(our languages are very similar), while from what i know Latvian/Lithuanian are not even mutually intelligible.
Of course Latvian and Estonian shows don't match up with American because of funds, but people watch Russian crap anyway...
Well US have a pig pond between Russia or China and the first battles would take in those regions, south east Asia and India with China and Europe with Russia (+ Alaska).
Bad, but all I have to do is go to Finland to learn Finnish and it will be enough.
I live within a 45min drive away from the Latvian border, and Riga is about a 90 minute drive away
/r/historymemes
Actually if we want to be specific then Russia exists from 1547.
Weed laws in Lithuania are strict and people legally can end up in jail for smoking a joint, but this happens very rarely, because defendants in almost every case are sentenced with exceptions, which court uses in order to not destroy lives of young people
I am sure germans are getting bored with her, but for an outsider she was always the "wiser" politician
I'm not sure about other people, but going to a different country casually is a pretty common thing among the people I know
A lot of jews *went to* israel if you want to cling to the exact phrasing, after WW2
I totally forgot that you started using the Czech language properly, only recently
Not so much
Why is Switzerland domain "ch"?
Made the life of Europeans even worse
I'm White, European, Balt, Lithuanian.
English will get you pretty far in tech/it.
It's okay almost no one understands what they're saying anyway.
[Kibinai] i'd say is the most popular food to grab as a quick bite
Always liked Manchester United’s logo, the colors especially
But its good
NATO can influence little countries in many ways to join.
The good part, most of the buses are brand new with wifi, charging sockets, etc
At 5-6 years old
Amazing
Not in any way dirty, but I found it interesting.
We pronounce it with "Sh" and add the lithuanian "-as" at the end, so it's "Budapeštas" in lithuanian
Nope, not even a short mention anywhere
Google
Polish-Lithuanian Jewish [Ludwik Łazarz Zamenhof] born in 1859
There are differently called variations in different countries
We had snow for like 4 days total
Depending on culture, this can be massively insulting as well as incomprehensible.
Yes, but we didnt lock them up for having a low IQ did we?
Yeah, it sounds like "ass" if you have no idea how to spell those words, sure, but whatever.
To be honest I knew this about Americans and started wondering how we are though in Europe.
Wikileaks originally wasn't a pro-Republican organisation.
On our most popular [news site] the article about the protests is on the front page, with over a thousand comments while other articles have up to 100
Similarly, in Lithuanian it is called “Maldininkas”
Czechia is to the Czech republic what Ireland is to the Republic of Ireland
B-R-A-T-I-S-L-A-V-A. It's like bad version of Czech cities mutilated by communism
Chechoslovakian parliament wrote a notice to the USSR parliament, that they are planning to open a Ministry of Maritime affairs
UK already had English, so those two picked something else.
Didn't Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia join the USSR voluntarily after WWII?
There were no pics of the views in our airbnb listing, even though the views were breathtaking to us, coming from a very flat country
Happy birthday, friends
Because from time to time Polish or Russian nationalist come to threads like this to just talk shit on us (and it already happened here) we are very easelly angered by such things, because then it might bring a lot of flaming (like it did here)
Lithuania :)
He had a few good catchphrases and that's it.
Reaminds me to go mushroom pickin'
Where is the blasted pub
To add to that, eventual occupation of another region would be very very expensive in terms of military expenditure and Russia for the all the appearances has real financial issues at the moment, oil, the main cash cow of Russia has dropped in price quite a lot
Hello Slovenia, I think we might've exchanged our results by accident
How is it different than hitting an adult?
Cause youre Baltic
When I was in highschool I remember that all the cool artsy kids when to Užupis gymnasium, and their parents were painters and sculptors who had lived in Užupis for a long time
Yeah, it should say "Portugal"
She used to tell us how homeopathic medicines are superior to real drugs (her grandma was a homeopath, so it must be true)
Last major correction of borders has happend after WWII.
Yeah I know
Here is a Lithuanian gun store's page with more info:
By candy you clearly meant those three sex shops right across the border right
Knowing how late we took in the Christianity, Vatican probably sees us differently than Teutonia.
That would be a good reason to leave EU and form our own union
Do you mean
It is not a language police thing, but as in a synthetic language, Lithuanian noun cases require specific suffixes
Lithuania is the one with the fastest WiFi
You wouldn’t really see that happening in Lithuania, people usually keep it to themselves
*time to roll up my sleeves...*
traukiniobilietas
We do Lithuanize some English words by adding "as" in the end, but that's about it
And no
Yeah, just not in Europe
Happened A LOT
Everything gets leaked these days.
We have information that terror attacks can come from suspects that were even born and grew up in Europe that have been recruited by the cultural and religious influences from these outside countries.
It was probably King Mindaugas Day
Even the Grybauskaitė period LT/PL relations were very friendly in comparison to 1920-1938
Most people say "Thank you" in Lithuanian without even knowing it as it sounds just like a sneezing sound "ačiū" - ahchoo
If there ever was a barren, sun baked, wind swept rock perfect for solar/wind you are one
Interbellum and contemporary Lithuania are much more Lithuanian nation states than the GDL
When I used to live in a squat my Lithuanian housemate (who ended up almost raping one of my friends...) one brought 3kg of Romanian meat stuff from his grandma.
Wolfgang just sounds really cool to me
The contrast is insane
"u" and "ų". Metu kamuolį. - I am throwing a ball
If for some reason you wish to write it by Polish rules you could just get Polish passport and continue to live in Lithuania while everyone is in EU
Lithuania :((((((
Then they showed their hand , what a shame.
Where we learned about old local traditions, celebrations, rituals, clothing, folk art symbolism, myths etc
They sometimes chech check for contraband when you are leaving
And again, Saudi Arabia has to keep up appearances, ISIS just does whatever they thing is "right".
US vs Europe: GDP per capita in PPS
Soviet Union was another incarnation of Russia just like Russian Empire or Russian Federation
Good thing I'm not in Iceland
It has a chance to become a political block as V4 (perhaps more united), but nothing more.
Weird
Inga Valinskienė. Singer, actor, businesswoman
I mean this reasoning can be extended to any witness testimony ever
> i rītus nū Argentėnas, prīgol Britanėjē
May I ask what those "certain situations" are?
I love basketball, am introverted, softspoken, love nature
So you're saying that now is the time to go on vacation there
Definitely helped Vilnius attract more tourists when we held the title.
Stalin or Żeligowski
deer isn't that common but we do eat it and ducks are very common to eat
Jadvyga ( defender)
It is disputed, it is written in the article.
Other times, it isn't as creative
[Marozai
You such a green plant, i cant believe it lol
Yes, garlic sauce and (extra) ketchup is usually served alongside the pizza in most places, and many people make use of both
You can't expect a Swede to have a spine.
I don't know much about Lithuanian/Polish history, but wasn't Pilsudski considered a dictator?
and you only could mention only one product name.
Watching it is torture
You mean standard and easily understood
*x-files theme song starts playing*
Both 'baltaraiščiai' and 'stribai' are more historical terms, although 'stribai' very rarely may be used as some
The city skylines are ruined by the shitload of square buildings, but there probably isn't a post-soviet country that doesn't have those
I wish I could live in Lithuania and not in Belarus.
Lithuanian and Polish history are full roller coasters.
Everyone I've met from Lithuania is slightly deranged :D (In a good way, its always fun, and full of beer)
I mean it is in their interest to push something.
Does this allow me to work temporarily in any European Union country, such as Lithuania or France?
Well hes got my vote
Our prime minister and the whole parliament
Good job, Braliukas
Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia were Soviet republics for more than forty.
Thanks, if possible add all capitals of at least EU
It's worse in winter, when "zero degrees" means completely different conditions, but it's not obviously apparent which scale it is in, the way it is with summer/indoors temperatures
Thank you
And what I talked about was not feminist spaces, but "socialist" spaces which sorely need outside perspectives
which a 5 year old could kill a person at great distance
The Grand Duchy of Lithuania also used to be rather [big] So maybe the suicides aren't a coincidence.
The only notable thing that happened in Lithuania in modern history is the Soviet and "former Soviet" thing.
More expensive car won't make me any happier.
Just out of curiosity, how does your goverment call said islands?
Hot: 22 - 30
Hey, glad you're coming
Dupenwazelin - GR Hemoroid cream, PL Ass vaseline
It has become such a meme here I thought it was another joke post, can't wait for a sequel "a tent on lake Bled".
Also because they are xeno scum >:D
I guess it just depends on the school itself
Also he basically did an outstanding move to destroy some nasty germans during the battle of grunwald(Žalgiris)
Hopefully
Holy shit this looks ugly
During his time GDL span from one sea to another
God it's hard living in a country without Estrella.
Yeah, you can find pictures [here] Black bread used to be of very poor taste as it lacked quality ingredients.
The only country that drinks more than us is Belarus (14
Yes, and also they look funny, which is a plus
And now when apps and games decide that they want to localize it to Lithuanian I end up being very confused
People get the craziest opinions about places theyve never been to
į (in, to), o (and, however, but (has a lot of meanings, depends on context)), ė (used to get attention, like *hey
- Let her (?) sliper(?)
> It was
Born or grown up
The return on investment is tiny if you don't want to take big risks and that means that those who have more money benefit more, always
['Marathon in the University Street'] from 1959, by A. Sutkus
Yea but the concert was in 1991 after [failed coup] (pro soviet people tried to overthrow pro democratic government but they failed) and in general USSR in 1991 was already was different to what it was in 1985
We even have similar words with Estonians
He actually said he was Lithuanian in his own texts and yet you keep arguing he wasn't.
Hah, a joke about Americans being stupid from an American, the irony.
You are young enough not have your own children
Belgian flag
From all those cities of Lithuania you have chosen Kaunas
Must admit, it's not the best experience
Tomaszewski tried to instigate hate between both, but eventually failed
I think closest would be "ane
My man is celebrating in style
Finns and Lithuanians share particular genetic haplotypes which aren't shared with Estonians or Latvians...
Man..you have to be one of the most badass to wear red or blue.
What kind of evil horrible person would do that
The map looks like city districts #/media/File:Municipalities_in_Lithuania.png
Woo we finally got snow that did not yet melt away, are we cool now?
The Chechoslovakian parliamant answered:
At first, the youth was very against this move, but now they are OK with it.
Polish is lingua Franca there
Yeah, I was looking for this
No standard
it is also a downside, as they have completely overshadowed small businesses (the last time I saw a butchers in my hometown must have been at least 10 years ago, same for other specialised stores), but for the consumer being able to buy everything under one roof is just heaps more comfortable.
Edit: typo
Actually, somewhere in Lithuania there is a small renovated castle that is being used as a school.
there's some disgusting comments in this thread
So to oppose them you need right leaning parties.
Poles ( ´◡‿ゝ◡`)
You know that it's not for free, right?
10^6 Milijonas
EU can't force it's member states to do so, but if the member states decided to do it on their own I don't think there is anything that could stop them
They can continue to live in their illusionary world
Yea
If a person becomes a citizen of another country then he automatically looses the Lithuanian citizenship.
Lithuanian here:
How big are openings for cars
Inflation is relevant in strong economies that don't have catching up to do
All nice ant local, but that particular brand of snack is actually made by Latvian company
The rope is numero uno (we have quite a lot of beautiful trees with the perfect branches to hang ourselves on, ok).
Antanas Škėma "Balta Drobulė". It's a book about an after war Lithuanian emigrant in US who is  schizophrenic (book writer was also schizophrenic), and a book is written by a main protagonist perspective
That joke about Italy was great, well done Germans.
You go and enter the PIN and one of the doors unlocks and opens and you can take your package out
I thought in 1917 at this time they were still part of the Russian Empire.
If you want to learn in lithuanian its ačiū
In Lithuanian it literally means the one who carries the books
Do you buy fire works for New Years celebrations?
Even though some costs might incur in the short term that's still nowhere near to how much an average person costs the public in their elderly ears.
- Do you understand that you'll be put in prison if you'll beat your mom
the name was first mentioned in 1009
I'd say that football is way more popular among the youth
According to NUTS, you will get Wilno voivodeship and Lithuanian voivodeship
It's fine now
Haha funny, because Merkel caused all the problems by inviting uncivilized people to EU.
Also cepelinai
*Sad litvak noises*
Nah man, everyone I know does this
These where mid war period monoplanes
The President basically fills the role of ceremonial Monarchs in European constitutional monarchies
He also provoked a war with the Estonians.
It's not scary at all it's a retarded thing to worry about, the only impact it has is economical because less young people support the old.
We are even willing to start a feudal monarchy starting with Mika Hakkinen.
Some prices went up, some went down, but most of the wages are growing much faster than this
Although, I don't know what the story was doing in a collection of slavic tales (maybe you meant polish)
My favourite factoid on the topic is that Spanish *mucho* and English *much* are not related
The amount of nazi defenders in this comment section, wtf
In fact Lithuania has a higher murder rate than USA, while having 70 times less firearms.
Was that post calling all of them Democrat?
Order and Justice is a joke these days.
This guy -  He is a classic meme here and even today I still can't seem to understand if his music is ironic or not
There's probably more issues, I'd fix them I cared enough (or knew how to edit wiki pages)
We have always used the shortened version when mentioning the country, Čekija
How do they seal with their sewage
In Lithuania its legal to buy and shoot fireworks on New Year celebrations, but I never heard of stuff like this happening (sometimes accidents do happen when fireworks fell or are made badly, but nothing on this scale)
756€ per month in 12 payments
Actually, the way Russians pronounce it, in Lithuanian it would be written like "V**ė**ngrija" ([Press the arrow pointing to the right to hear the Russian pronunciation]#ru)) rather than "V**e**ngrija" ([Press the arrow pointing to the right to hear the Lithuanian pronunciation]#lt)).
Thank you
15-20 range
So they can preserve their native languages while also learning the most common local language
White stone
Just fuck you and your nice weather.
Runners - bėgikai, not bėgiojantys),
Oh wow, I can't believe I can recognize the memes just from text
I am sure its not that hard to kick some old dudes ass to claim the title (do you also get a fancy belt?)
However, if you plan to explore Dieveniškės glorious woods you better have your passport with you
I don't see legit reason why occupation of Northern Cyprus makes whole Cyprus as not 'free'.
I don't watch mamy Lithuanian movies
we never had any history with countries like Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, etc.
2nd largest
Hell, there aren't many black people there either
It’s a completely different argument to emigration
How come the baltics and Croatia are not devided into any regions
Vilnius has many Slavic vibes and Klaipėda until 1920 was ultimately German, yet now a large Russian community
Hesburger is "cheap" mcdonald's which isn't cheap
Don't worry this sub is not only for Europeans :D And yeah you do get less sunlight that we do in Lithuania (Like by about one hour or so)
The division is still clear even today.
ISM is on par or above VU when it comes to business and economics IMO
I didn't think thr cultural difference would so big
You linked an article saying in the title that corruption levels are high, when trying to prove that it has gone worse since 2014, you should quote a particular segment of the article supporting your claim.
Lets be a bit more specific, All of the [Curonian Spit] is a magnificent beach basically
We had a short stint of being a regional power in the 15-17th centuries but now we're just a small nation almost at the edge of europe
There was certainly some of that going on after our first confirmed case but it seems to have died down
You don't stop a bull from the front.
Why would Kosciuška being Lithuanian contradict being a patriot of PLC?
For Lithuania it would be [Gedimino bokštas ]
At some point the working class will get fed up of sacrificing their quality of life to feed refugees and it'll get ugly fast.
You Lithuanians are always complaining
Samogitia is one of the five ethnic regions of Lithuania.
In Lithuania we speak Lithuanian, which is a Baltic language, coming from a family of Indo-European languages
We use the grand duchy flag as our state flag
Poland
Your post is on the verge "everything is useless, nothing will change and we should do nothing, because everything is useless"
Thank you, but I'm in no mood to put Greek soldiers on Russia's frontier for no reason, when NATO is already enough to prevent a Russian attack.
Bathing 1-3 times per month
Downside is that quality of healthcare is not even between regions
I also remember when I was a teenager and got all my "peer interaction" from the internet I assumed all women are catcalled, flirted with and hit on wherever they go, and I'm just too ugly to harrass
Meh, most everybody here agrees irl we're EE, barring crybabies on the i ternet
Heck he was dishing points on level of random reddit comment.
SImilarly, IRL, the commonwealth could have essentially been a long term great power if it had lasted.
This sub has 1 million users, isn't very fast.
>plaktas
If you keep drawing lines, and Russia keeps stepping over them, when are you going to act ?
On the other side there are Greeks who share much more cuisine with Turks than with Swiss or Belgians.
Long distance, hot climate, things of various sizes that try to kill you, not being New Zealand
it makes it look as if Poland and Lithuania were part of Kievian Rus.
Glad to see at least one comment in this thread that sticks to the actual topic.
Could you give me a link how that looks?
Lithuanians say that the GDL forces did a "false retreat manoeuvre" which they had learned from a battle with Tatars at Vorksla (which almost had Vytautas killed)
Of course, though it's rarer to see that between teenagers after puberty kicks in
Attack on general make sense when his forces threatened at the same time
But now they are doing the whole sections of the road with new safety islands n shit.
Even the northern part of contiguous norway is in the arctic circle.
Then it's very common to have friends of all genders and nobody bats an eye
In New York you must be 18 if you don’t take a drivers education course and 17 if you do take one
Unironically thinks that any and every foreign policy of the US is neo-colonialism in disguise
We spell it either "Ok", "Okay" or "Okey"
The difference between a fully automatic rifle(AKA battle rifle) and an assault rifle are mainly in the caliber(assault rifles use a smaller caliber) and thus their roles in combat
It is more of a joke about the Belarussian president, not the Lithuanian one at this point :/
I love how something only concerning gay people isn't decided by gay people
So why are Latvia and Lithuania so low?
Also small businesses are not as prevalent here as in Poland (we do have them, just less), so not as much things to advertise
Why did the authors focus on Lithuania though?
Can confirm, I fucking love Estonians, no matter their disdain for us, and I fucking love Lithuanians, no matter their weirdness.
So long, lads
It's a super cool idea, but the cost of building this comes around at a million to few million euros, so it's a huge investment +taking into consideration that the movement on a highway is stopped for at least a few days it's a huge cost
Being called Russian or being asked if your Russian or being spoken to in Russian (by default) is unbelievably painful and aggravating
we can get movie tickets and a bar of chocolate
I just detest kefir, and sadly it is used for this soup as well
What
/u/FellowRedditeer/ account is only spamming the same thing about Finland's conpiracy memes for the last year
You should learn Austrian history a lot more closely ;) You know that Austro-Hungarian Empire was a major party to that clusterf\*&k, right
Recently "senelyzai" has become popular too for some reason
Besides this thing is disputed and from Lithuanian point of view, we don't call ourselves Balto-Slavs.
Barely anyone learns or even cares about our language, so anyone who decides to learn even a bit will be praised here, since we know how difficult our language is
They already forgot they promised more technocratic approach.
Majority of people living there are belarusians, polish and rusians
The more you look the wilder it gets lol
I propose a union state with Belarus and Lithuania, and possibly huge chonks of Ukraine and Poland for good measure
The occupations and iron curtain didn't help either
Lithuania did a bunch raids back in the 1200s and so on.
Yesterday there was an owl in my neighbourhood, so that was a pleasant little surprise and something for a change of listening
This is one of the first times I see a post by another Lithuanian I feel so inexplicably happy
That one got me
It means "I dont understand russian"
Didn't happen in the end because of Władysław's own father (a crazy-ass Catholic) who went apeshit over the possibility of his son accepting the Orthodox faith, which was the requirement of becoming a tsar.
When they gets hold of that post
That's interesting
How high could the cow go till it starts suffocating from lack of oxygen?
Sorry but NO
Piłsudski was Pole from Lithuania
Hey no spoilers, I am still not sure it is him.
* Some European systems are semi-presidential, where the President is more than just ceremonial, and the main power there is that they can choose who the PM is rather than parliament choosing who the PM is, but their choice must be approved by parliament
Plot twist: Danish are just good at hiding corruption and bribing their way out.
This is not even closely related to this discussion, but just beware when engaging in discussion with them - it's absolutely pointless.
Become a democratic country, acknowledge the attrocitoes commited by them, become a mature and politically active nation, value honor, respect and personal liberties above brute force, influence and wealth, keep their end of a bargain, stop propaganda amd cyber warfare against its beighbours, especially in europe
God damn I am embarrassed to say this
I'm thinking of the history of the Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth for example.
Maybe those 50 Lithuanian redditors are all the MP's from the current opposition parties in the Seimas.
Maximum nutrition, many stronk.
Wew, that's some mad skills in triggering
Often those similar words have a slightly different meaning
afaik most people have them, but they are usually not mentioned whatsoever, unless it's written on official documents
Did so, he told me he was my third cousin, not sure how he ended up there from Northern Europe and became prince, but good to know my family is doing well.
No King could have achieved shit without peasents to bulk up his levies and feed his armies.
I don't think Lithuania is big enough to do that now
Yeah, I like the ideas, but I hate the public.
Person B: (I've) vacuumed (it) already
I was just wondering who uses it :)
There's a lot more words, that use this format, which compiles a sentence into one word
Because of low income the cultural differences dominates the effects I would guess.
what
Although to be fair I haven't heard of anything like that in the last 10 years
We are so good at bad cities we have two: Šiauliai and Panevėžys.
It seems that they kept them for this year too, but at least in this photo it does not look as bad with other lights
They're outrageously expensive and bad quality
EDIT: also there's this story that I keep telling everyone about how my friends decided to have a White Russian party but everyone got sick of mixing the damn things so me and my Polish friend just drank a liter of vodka with milk
Like how many nations did Red Army freed
There are plenty of Russian and Polish schools that teach mosty in those languages
> maybe in Eastern Europe
Lithuania has the opposite feature
Vilnius has everything new and old:
300/279
:) There are idiots mixing the names though, like they are mixing Slovakia and Slovenia or Latvia and Lithuania.
Like the very submission we're commenting under that shows Greek average salary to be almost 30% higher than Lithuania's?
It doesn't change anything
Most likely you have to get a paper from your family doctor stating that you are not and have not been in treatment for mental illnes and addiction.
I dropped history in 11th grade, which means that I ended my "history studies" at around the early soviet union
I won't be satisfied at no
Kibinas, Čeburėkas (local-ish)
If you are up for some exuberant night life, and spending some quality time walking around some amazing architectural beauties, and good beaches, you must look into Lithuania.
During that time, Pearl Harbour occur and meanwhile, Germans begin failing in the Eastern front
Gotcha
Ohh
It was around 32°C (89,6°F) today, so it's pretty terrible
It makes a bit more sense in English
Almost like our saviors, really.
Very few people actually move back and forth between countries
Lisbon, Portugal
I remember my dad mentioning that when he was in the USSR army, the sentiment was that everybody hated them
While Pilsudski was the one who aspired to rebuild Poland with Commonwelth borders and was the commander of the whole Polish-Lithuanian interim war he was not the one who betrayed his own people (if you could put it that way), from this point of view Pilsudski is not the villain in my eyes
The highest price is 10 euros for 10GB for 30 days.
The school teaches quite a lot about this period, and they really shut on Russians in them
In the US, the President serves as both the head of state and head of government
Also, when I was in this guy's concert of course the song was played the last one and of course everyone stood up to sing it together, as one should do
He was already on of the most popular Polish writers abroad before games.
Outside the EU: Ukraine, Moldova and Albania...
How about fil'e ferru
How about Austria get less money for releasing war criminals (that they had in custody) wanted in Lithuania?
In Lithuania a person cannot have a dual citizenship.
The most militarized state in the interwar period with the dictator at the head)) Who the first attacked Russia during the Civil War, seized the lands, including where there was no trace of the ukrainians and that never even belonged to the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
While Pilsudski was the one who aspired to rebuild Poland with Commonwelth borders and was the commander of the whole Polish-Lithuanian interim war he was not the one who betrayed his own people (if you could put it that way), from this point of view Pilsudski is not the villain in my eyes
Heh, so you are the odd balls in Europe with this :)
I loved it and am using it ever since.
If I need to decide which word to use - I use the one which is easier
It wasn't growing all the time before, only in the recent history the progress and jump in wealth of the general population has been large
Forgetting to close the doors: "Are you born in the bus
Any word that has two r in close proximity
Although they did put up a fight, especially in the first decade after the war.
Poor example, but first thing that came to mind and showcases 3 out of 5 words in that sentence being skipped
Looks like almost tied with Lithuania.
Edit:spelling
I call the doctor at
Actually many other countries don't like the quotas either, they are not refusing to take them, they don't want the ones that eu forces to go there.
America is pretty fucked in my opinion.
The driver just ends up not hearing you, so no one bothers
By the way, it might seem like there's not a lot of data on any of the plans, but since Telia merged with Teo Group ( largest telecom, internet and cable provider in Lithuania), with each plan you get unlimited Wi-Fi access covering most of the capital anyways
However, both times I asked for a passport stamp, so I have undeniable evidence of visiting Finland
Damn most have never heard of Lithuania, so I guess  Vilnius having the largest baroque old town in Europe should have more visitors than just a few tour groups from Asia
would say this isnt much different from heaven
Also, it's not that boringly mechanically regular like Hungarian: in Hungarian, each case has (ignoring vowel harmony) one ending, regardless of whether it applies to a noun or an adjective and regardless of whether the numer is plural or singular.
But meh
**Social Democratic Party of Lithuania** - that former communist, who changed sides.
His genious was in discovering the relationship, not the formula(although he did that by manipulating other relationships)
Well where else
Personally a large portion of history classes were about the polish-Lithuanian commonwealth and the grand Lithuanian duchy and their leaders, also typical European history of the enlightenment, renaissance, holy roman empire and of course occupation periods.
Fact is your goverment is still guarding those tank drivers for some reason.
Lithuanians don't have f or h!?
Edited: a typo
Watching at them
Polish roads are nice, but there are not enough high speed motorways
Yeah, we took that random ž thing for Paris to Lithuanian, too
Eitherway, if danger to life is possible to prove, good luck proving rape in 12 weeks
[Relevant scene from the Sopranos]
If he does not do this, he may be prosecuted.
The State of Lithuania is an independent democratic republic
Quite sad that German Empire didn't win this one
And we had Black Sea before the Commonwealth.
Shit, now every Lithuanian knows!
Another version, by a Lithuanian choir - [here]
The third time in 100 years (so a century, not this century).
Also if you van has windows and less than 8 seats then you don't have to pay road taxes.
That does not mean I have to accept terrorism and being shot in the head so readily.
Welsh: Cwrw
Scotland definitely needs to be independent
Don't know what you are actually talking about Ukraine
The president is not all-powerful.
A lot of cultural differences between some regions.
When did they ethnically cleanse them and are now defending those ethnic cleansings
Basically free water 4ever
So now that's de facto stance of all russians?
As a slang word for the female pudenda, it could be associated with the connotation of a cat being soft, warm, and fuzzy.
You tip if you liked the service.
When I was arround like in 1-7 grade, there where no lockers
Been to both Latvia and Lithuania quite a few times in the past few years, no one spoke English in marinas and around the town in Ventspils, Liepaja and Klaipeda, young or old.
And you can store it with a loaded loaded, just the chamber has to be empty on semi autos.
Yes, if it's a public place, flip flops will be used, at least from my experience.
Well, now that it's playing, I'm obliged to listen to it to its end, I don't get rick rolled much these days
Slovakia and Lithuania have euro and it's not more expensive than in Czech Republic.
Careful, if that name sticks we will be know for being fat and suicidal.
[: \)]
uuh, Japan is kind of responsible for that too.
I love how my fellow countrymates keep giving me shit for saying that our country is progressing for shit
Reportedly, he would like to get those days back, which is probably the cause of all this recent aggression.
For it to pass to William, legislation would have to be agreed on and passed by sixteen different countries
People with that attitude just neck themselves over here.
I know that you are joking, but your comment would seriously explain why there was such a big fuss around Italian referendum few months ago
This is basically where Santa lives according to 75% of the world
USSR government tried banning receivers capable of receiving that signal, so people built their own out of spare parts
Sometimes I look at posts by Estonians, Latvians and Lithuanians, and have to ask - why the fuck are we doing this?
I know several people that call christmas Saulėgrįža, or Saulėgrįžos šventė. It's probably uncommon, but calling christmas this way still manifests itself in some communities
Least we could do is support it morally even if it adds nothing to the cause
I haven't watched it (or I have, but loong time ago)
The air isn't as good in Poland because of coal burning, but this is people heating their homes, the weather is really cold so all the shit stays low and you get massive amounts of smog.
So here in Lithuania, from my experiences, no one gives af about generations, except those who are into some weird stuff or conspiracies, maybe those who also watch some Russian channels on that topic, but still, no one cares
So although it might look surprising that some of your peers don't have certain skills, its perfectly normal as those skills are acquired by doing and are not natural to people (like learning how to chew food for example)
Lets hope so, for your sake
I did not hear about any large scale attacks on Quds forces from USA
I loved the way he writes
* Gediminas (founder of Vilnius, capital of Lithuania)
As for me, i don't support it
However, they are less frequently done for females, so Hillary Clinton usually remains Hillary Clinton
Some significant and beautiful artifacts from the Grand Duchy of Lithuania are in the museums
In Lithuania the average family income per person is quite high in comparison with nearby countries whom don't have a migration problem of this scale.
Edit: different sources, different ratings, generally suicide and alcohol both in top 5, that's fucking sad
* **LRLS** (10 seats): Liberal; pro-EU; centre
I'm tempted to do one about Lithuania
That's a weird cat
You wont recognise a baby born in here and in Spain
Loud noises, rain, wind
Most language groups are somewhat disputed.
what do hieroglyphics on the Belarusian flag say
My parents were children of "enemies of the people" so they would not have had accsess to that anyway.
Occupied countries don't have much say in who thay are allied with.
Basketball
I'd like to learn more about this period of Russian history, do you know any English-language articles and books that could explain it in detail to someone born in '89?
And yeah he will probably end up in multinational class, but that will probably happen everywhere in Europe with English language studies
Soviets oppressed every single subject in most brutal fashion.
We also agree on this one for you
If it was a Polish guy, wiki says "Polish" but if it was a Lithuanian one, wiki says "Polish-Lithuanian" with the name pronounced in Polish.
Yeah, that’s fascism
Hemp-man is said on wiki, but it's more like cannabian (made out of cannabis or hemp)
Čekija is what it is in Lithuanian
Y-yeah
- [*kohuke*] ("curd snack") - they have similar snacks in Latvia and Lithuania;
Lithuania was hit hard, but we all agree it's a worthy price to pay if it means Russia will back down from its agressiveness.
It was/is the lightest country in the entire Soviet Union and Eastern Block (because of the big Russian minorities from southern SU in Latvia and Estonia) yet portrayed with black eyes and black hair...
Australia is a contiental land mass, and oceania is thousands of islands around it and some very far away from the contient, maybe even on a different tectonic plate
In Lithuania your would be known as Bicycle Republic.
While Baltic countries worked hard for this, but you must admit luck was on our side
I've been sitting here thinking what to say to you for 10 minutes.
It's pretty crazy at the amount of propaganda that was put out against Trump.
yo dawg, I heard you like rivers so we put a river over your river so you could swim in water while being above the water's surface
seems likely looking into your piss party and our peasants
The problem is that the people this time of the century appear to be very willing to knee jerk reactions and populism.
I spent about a week in Latvia once (mostly with Latvians) and after 3 or 4 days of asking about certain common words and phrases that are different and getting the hang of them, I was surprised by how much I could understand
I'd like to note that obesity in Lithuania is very age-specific
Just for our safety
wait what
I get that he shouldnt do business while in office but your statement is confusing
I love how its always czechs themselves who shit on this name in the comments
Why I don't use Gmail
In a globalized world everyone dresses the same.
As a Lithuanian, I am honoured to be "unfriendly country" to Russia
Ohh then its understandable to complain.
Thanks
in aqua scribis
I guess Russia was founded by the Norse, but that's where the major similiarities end as I see it
From the persepcetive of countries like Lithuania that would be horrible, but that wasn't the point.
No need to stay at home for hours and hours, waiting for your delivery
Ban on alcohol in parliament is just their first symbolic law.
While labour income is not a big issue in EU, the gap in income from wealth will nevertheless expand and as such the income inequality will inevitably rise as income from wealth can be invested into buying even more wealth and increasing the concentration of wealth.
We(and Lithuanians) owned it, so no, it was PLCs state.
I'm talking about cultural proximity, not geographical
Hurt yourself: "It'll go away by the time you get married
0.1 € for any can, glass or plastic bottle in Lithuania
We lithuanians had to decomission our only nuclear powerplant - the Ignalina NPP
Ah okay, yeah
For example 60% of foreign prisoners in Norway are from the EU, the biggest countries are Poland, Lithuania and Romania.
The difference between garlic bread in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania and garlic bread in civilised countries.
Second grade
I have the universal health insurance covered by the government as a student, have had additional private health insurance (got paid for breaking my leg as a kid, and had it while travelling outside EU), free EHIC for emergencies inside the EU, and life insurance as a savings strategy.
It will be really difficult for UK to return, and the conditions won't be as nice as they were
A lot of us speak english
Samogitia is a third of modern Lithuania
This is freaking me out
Ah yes, Lithuania conquering the Belgian menace, classic European history.
Simple European longsword made from quality iron: 1
To sacrifice countries to Russia to appease them is not going to work.
The stark population decreases seen in Latvia and Lithuania hasn't really been the case here due to slightly higher wealth levels and the closeness of Finland and Sweden.
That everything about Lithuania is relative to Russia
Just because a person has hope for humanity doesn't mean he needs help.
Geez, that's a pretty crazy view, even for the Kremlin.
Grand Dutchy formed while still being pagan and expanded to its largest extend while still being mostly pagan (+Rus orthodox in conquered lands and a bit muslim)
Idk man il just vote yes for it
A rather interesting position, I can see how its hard for you to fit.
Skills: Absolute beast in handcrafts and cooking; Has voice of a nightingale
Lithuanian citizens can vote in presidential, parliamentary, EP, elections and referenda no matter where they live
ITT: burgers failing to understanding gloriuos Yurop humor
Actually no Soviet Block countries were called 'Republic of X'.
just extra flavour
Or while entering a bus that waited for a bit longer just because the driver saw you running to it.
its more like northeast
Flixbus [lets you choose] between EU English and UK English
Aw, poor guy
Yes
They gotta raise their own standards for food
Iirc, Latvia was bigger before WWII.
Yeah, because killing US soldier on Lithuanian soil would have no consequences for Russia.
It would definitely be amazing.
Do I even need to say anything
Palys palįs, palys, palis
Usually they're of broken heart, and in search of some form of redemption
Another embarrassing moment is when our former prime minister spoke english
[: \)]
That's because he was [Polish-Lithuanian] (not in modern sense, rather that of British/Roman etc.).
Especially with polish folk because their language is waaay different than Russian and not many realises that
Kinda shitty of him to use the protests in Belarus for cheap shots against his political opponents
You need to read the article you posted.
Mate, this is our only chance to actually be relevant in any kind of way.
I haven't seen a influx of Brits heading to Lithuania or Italy.
Even after Brexit, UK would need to find it's way to new markets which would probably include European too...
Branching is based on common features as well as language-ancestors that that languages have.
And real world examples of that would be?
I lived in the US for 11 years and everyone that noticed my accent and chose to acknowledge it thought it was the coolest thing
For example: pusseserė (cousin) has 2s, but it sounds like puseserė. There also can be some problems with long vowels in the middle of words like rąstas (log) or žąsis (goose), because of the very strange grammar rules that come from obsolete forms of these words
It's just so weird to me, though
Most often, parliament elects the PM after a parliamentary election by the general public; when this happens, most of the time the leader of the party who is leading the majority in parliament becomes PM, but not always
I do find the national dish(Sunday roast) to be less flavoursome, than many other smaller dishes
Every Soviet monument to Grūtas park
There is also a well known witch.
Belarus is like Switzerland except not rich, ruled by a dictator and has no clocks, knives, chocolates or cheese to boast with but at least makes good games
Nu uh
Some teachers started joking, that the kids should be able to teach about this better than teachers themselves
For that you would need to ease labor laws and offer less protection to workers (so they could get fired/hired easier and that will help business to reduce risk of hiring new people) but I just can't imagine that happening in France (and also it directly harms her voters)
I mean, asides from all the celebrations that a lot of countries still do, I remember when I was a kid, bread was being sold mostly in unsliced loaves
Estonia has more car sales than Latvia and Lithuania?
On top of that, I disagreed with a lot of her interpretations of the literature that we studied, so
Up until that point some hunter-gatherers still remained in lithuania
An independent company puts them in schools and we can rent
If I need help I go to a hospital without thinking what I have in my bank account.
This is fucking crazy
Not sure if anyone invented anything here
Let it stay that way
In our family (Lithuania) every Christmas Eve we watch "Merry Christmas Mr Bean". It's hilarious every year
What can you do people watch MSM showing them Putin s tanks on the way all the time...
If I need to decide which word to use - I use the one which is easier
When I moved to house, I started to know neighbors, but less than flats
I had a really nice time in Croatia.
Could anyone explain Turkey
Yeah because modern day socialists are the exact same as communists of interwar period
Capitalism has lifted the most people out of the poverty this is a fact
Most likely Germany (German)
We have had protests demanding annullment of corrupt politician-business deals (like selling away national energy monopoly to private owner), bad laws, bad reforms etc
Ive been to greece two times
If we're talking about toasted sandwhiches, I just stick to cheese and ketchup
NO FUKEN PUB
Šventosios - Holy's, Romos - Rome's, Imperija - empire
we say shule instead of school everytime
We are talking about murders not terror attacks.
You're not alone
“The EU doesn’t really know what Lithuanians are” Lithuanian convicts in EU nations speak up
Anyway, I prefer it since it's shorter
Can they stop spreading gayness
When looking through such long distance, any particles in air that reduce it transparency even a little give a very noticeable haze
I don't mind if someone points out a problem, it's good for the future.
a) Traveling in that area
My dialect doesn't even have a name, though I once heard someone call it a Semigallian dialect.
Nope
That's why you use [Polish-Lithuanian] and not Polish, it's like calling Roman citizen Italian, even though he comes from England.
Actually would be interesting to see Russian caucasus in that get its independence.
Oh he is no slav actually :D Explain a lot
Those costumes are from specific period and bowler hats were all the rage back then.
Turkey and Russia are getting along well as well
Possibly ever
Linkiu sėkmės ir gero gyvenimo
The smallest city in Lithuania: Panemunė.
* beginning of genocide on 1941 06 14
Yeah, the czech and polish ones are the best ( I know polish too)
That's so thick and cringy, they sound so incredibly monotonous and not a single English sound in place, I couldn't understand half of them personally, especially politician reading notes
A second choice would be either a bit back, when Algirdas and Kęstutis ruled, or interwar Lithuania, because I just know so little about interwar Lithuania
Finland is the most popular among eesti ppl.
But democracy is democracy and if Trump is really what Americans want, we just have to deal with it
They're potato dumplings (not cepelinai), stuffed with cheese or meat
AHAA in Tartu
Those idiots think that this is an insult
LiEsLa
Some call toilet seat "white horse"
Location is just a location, it does not change who you are.
Nobody prohibits people from coming here, Lithuania just isn't a desirable destination.
[ɣ] is a Velar Fricative just like [x], and both are very similar sounds
I love how 5 hours later he still haven't gave links.
'Ratas' means 'wheel' in Lithuanian lol
Lots of people have switched to Spotify or Google Music here, which costs 5 euros per month.
Of course the holy roman empire is a rare subject, but when it does come up, it's called simply "Romos Imperia". I've never heard it called otherwise
Probably you are already a capo of a group.
And there was that little thing about exterminating groups of people (be it through famine or "giving vacation in Siberian gulags) and replacing them with Russians...
These are for the drunk crowd at night, because otherwise they'll pee on buildings and into the canals
As far as I know, the most likely theories are that the name comes from a Germanic word for "strait" (*Belt* in German) or the Latin word for "belt" (*balteus*)
They were young during that time, that's why they like it.
Kick out Cyprus, vote, accept it back, repeat
You can bargain or just make your position clear and wait.
What's with the passive agressiveness
Imagine how the Germans must feel.
Nah most eoropean countries were founded on the idea that the monarch can do what he likes and the peasants will have to deal with the consequences.
And if it doesn't mother Russia will likely give us love again.
that took guts
tūkstančių means thousand in Lithuanian?
You'll be invited on March 11th to celebrate our second independence day
Not many streets in Belarus worth looking at anyway
But practically people get fined (and as I said, you must have the ID in the borderland/pasienio ruožas areas where border guards occasionally check the documents)
It's sold refrigerated too
A large enough response, one talking about a military intervention, would possibly be enough to signal to Russia to withdraw.
And the Lithuanians were traitors of the Soviet Union, yes
We have a border with Russia and a bunch of idiots that believe Russian propaganda
It's a photographer that most people here would probably have heard of
Nah, "Kad tave šikantį sutrauktų" (loose translation - "I hope you get cramps while you are shitting") is the king
It is kinda hard to could Stokholm or Copenhagen :D They are basically on water anyways
What do you think about legalization of cannabis in Europe?
All the sources I read say Dollar will keep rising against the Euro in the near future.
sorry but center is around Lithuania/Poland/Belarus border (unless you want to cut of 5th of europe)
I first watched s1 and s2 and felt like a part of me died when I had to wait a year for s3
If you reach fare threshold, a continuous pass activates
Right wing parties want to get reelected, so they will say one thing, but at the same time they want to help their bussiness friends, so they'll do another thing
Litai (our previous currency, 1Lt is about 0
Poland and Lithuania could have the Commonwealth 2.0, and we are back to the natural order of things.
Not saying immigrants make it worse
If you misspoke and meant  ''formula'' then it's also false
He talks shit a lot, but it's unclear if he will do anything of the sort.
At least I checked Vilnius university and it's 3000-4000€ for 2 years masters degree for foreigners
Now how easy it is to get a licence, is another matter, technically, you need to undergo various tests, a medical examination, a psychiatric assessment, but from the gossip it seams pretty easy to achieve
damn, no fiber optic where you live?
Russia somehow borders us from the west, and there's a weird country called Belarus in the east
We'll be leaving Rio de Janeiro on the 20th and we'll arrive in Hellsink (Finland).
Neo-Pagan Europe when
Visited Menton last November, loved it a lot.
That was amazing
"Please spend as much money as possible, we'll take it from you whether you want it or not"
Those buses are usually really nice, comfy, fit for long trips.
[Here] is Vilnius city centre, for illustration purposes
Oh, how great an RPG would be in this setting
Flair checks out
It is most famous for its large sand dunes and colorful traditional fishing villages most famous one being [Nida] it coasts 20€ per car to enter the area, so needless to say it's not the most popular destination even among Lithuanians
Is it the same in all parts of the country, or is there an urban/rural or older/younger divide
I'm not sure that analogy works, since Europe is US's dad.
That said it's not strictly outside the capital, it's mostly used as outside the main cities
"Ramus, kaip belgas"
If you survive it, its not that bad.
We feed on that biterness to create something sweet
From my experience, the craziest thing about greece is that all bus drivers are named Yanis
At first proper enforcement then some sort of state of emergency bunkering down and then less humane measures.
Red resembles the blood our ancestors spilt while fighting for our homeland.
That's just unfortunate
I doubt Trump will support terrorists.
Aciu visi
But according to some googling
That is true democracy - reflecting the choice of people
And we do hate everything that is related to Soviet union.
And of course the hilarious story of 80 soldiers that they sent   to the  Austro-Prussian war and were back with 81 lol
I forgot about slow Estonians
Since they can't understand talking they will somehow understand violence against them?
I know that, but you didn't include it in the answer
I couldn't find any good examples (most were 5 minute long clips of the bird just walking around), but from what I can describe it's a really loud, low sound, travelling just above the ground
I support your decision but those three seconds will not be the only difference, you'll have to pay more too
Well, they live here, so I dunno...
and they're processed in Belarus.
Well what can she do that doesn't violate democracy?
Or Smirnoff, for that matter
As for me, i don't support it
Iš kur tu
Our scientist was close to getting nobel prize and he is most likely going to get it next year.
The top one even has very clearly visible binding agent
In Baltics its super popular
"Mink is kill"
Uolektis or Ulna  - it's the distance from your elbow to your finger tips
So many dutch people have climbed this summit that it decayed
Then, the apples are put into a cheesecloth, dried and pressed in about a 6 week long process
Oh no
Unless traveling
Russia takes Ukrainian clay and laugh in the face.
Nah, prefere fridays with pewdiepie
Well sure eight would be good but how about nine?
Pick an English answer or press conference from any PM in the 30 years
SUrprised you don't have those in Norway
This band is so underrated and I don't get how are they not popular around europe yet
Then again, IDK if devoicing is a thing in russian, so maybe
I prefer walking though
We had plenty of it in the Soviet Union.
The what
Murklė - a synonims for cat, literally means "the one who purrs"
From one flatland to another
Stupid fiscal policy, low salaries, and I mean the only place you can look forward to living in is practically Vilnius, and just one city doesn't count, you need the whole country to be in a healthy situation economically and that is not the case, because of low aggregate demand which is perpetrated by low salaries.
Some of the scientists says, that one of the most popular name is literally a shortened form of "bread")
WV Passat cost about 30k so for the same type of car it seems fine.
When the inspector came to inspect my ticked I had to stand up from my seat to pull out my ticket
Well, we could give them to Germans, as the Luftwaffe is already armed with some
It's just a fact, that generally speaking, the war didn't have a point
Hey
The arrogance, making a scapegoat of Germany instead of blaming their own government and electing a populist pseudo-communist party didn't win me over either.
Isn't this where they filmed that tsunami movie ?
I slept in Hotel Ukraina in Maidan around which dosens of people were killed in turn of 2013/2014
What is taught about ultimatums to Baltic states, military bases in 1939, annexions in 1940 and the inception of deportations here in 1941
Allied with Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor, and the Székelys, Bekes organized two rebellions against Báthory, but was defeated.
I guess it's a combination of the pandemic and everyone turning 30 around me and having kids, hence bar meetups switched to walks in the park
Ant kalno mūrai,
The photograph was bough by Elton John
China is only communist in name and etc.
Last year I went to London Christmas fair and they were selling fake packaged snow there
Lithuanian language was used, only in Cyrilic script
Poor Ireland
Common among 35+ and lower class people, very uncommon in 20-30 age professionals (mid-upper mid class)
Something doesn't seem right
If it's -20°C and no wind it's not bad, but if it's windy and -13°C I just wanna stay home
Hmmm
We have to do something to increase our space age technology.
Your post is on the verge "everything is useless, nothing will change and we should do nothing, because everything is useless"
the whole culture around cars, guns, and the very different way alcohol is treated (including adults acting like drunk teens)
First time in my life I'm hearing of Coptic
I said we are independent for 103 years, as a country Lithuania was first mentioned in 1009
Except for public sector
Don't think, if this would be difficult, because Lithuanian language's sentence's structure is very flexible
Im usually careful about my stuff, but at home (my, my parents and inlaws, all of which are in thr same town) people proved themselves to be above that (and many of them are modest in living standards)
You can ride a bus for 8 hours in Lithuania?
Maybe not a week, but Nida is definitely worth a few days visit
*Jonas Jonaitis* or *Petras Petraitis*
I mean, there's no denying I live in Europe, but I feel just as much connected to Canada as let's say Lithuania.
I wonder why more countries don't make them when they could be somewhat economically viable if you buy everything from local producers.
is that a Joan Rivers joke
Yes, but population has been growing in Kaunas, Vilnius and Klaipėda because old people who mainly live in villages die and young people migrate to the big cities
Soviet Union was another incarnation of Russia just like Russian Empire or Russian Federation
In my opinion they should know at least about bigger countries locations (Germany, France, Poland, Ukraine (super relevant today) and major cities.
I wouldn't call them fascist, but Fox News does get pretty nasty sometimes.
Lmao, it's funny how chapocels call this subreddit fashit cause of this post
Riding in the shade against the wind dropped the temperature down to a comfortable 32C.
Nah, its more just historically its supposed to be the drink of all baltic states, not just Lithuania
We elected them as our rulling party - [Lithuanian Farmers and Greens Union]
But Latvians and Lithuanians are not Slavic, Estonians are not even Indo-European...
Black in Latvian, blue in Lithuanian
People hated them because they were different.
Rockstar North is based in Edinburgh, that studio has been making GTA before it was bought by Rockstar
I don't understand why such an agreement is needed in the first place which leads me to ask questions who will gain from it and I cannot blame the people who feel paranoid about it.
Never really
The thing about post processing is that it's great then it's subtle and can really easily enter the kichy area if abused.
I am just saying on how it was great to live in USSR unlike in today's or 90s Lithuania.
* **EAPL-CFA** (8 seats): Polish minority party; pro-Catholic; conservative; right-wing
Just what I thought - you need a man to get a job done
Vilnius is too modernized and does not have that lithuanian tone that it used to have
just to feel the "EU is doomed" sentiment.
I mean, we still can’t cure the common cold
The borders are ugly (and they provide a huge base for rockets and nuclear weapons deep in what is actually Central Europe), the cities are ugly (commie blocks and they never rebuilt the old city cores like Poland did).
At least not among younger generations, anyways.
I think it's better than being under Russian oppression or idiotic incestual marriage :)
Click Jytkynaattori and you can pick whatever hashtag you want
It's really hard to speak about "nations" before the modern times.
A Lithuanian who hasn't committed suicide
Eat, drink, sleep, repeat
Johns Wort, so I thought that's what it's called in english
It’s really confusing ._.
What do you know about Muslims, living in Lithuania of all places?
Haven’t heard such a thing
Until populism happened and fake news began to go mainstream.
Have you seen the size of Lithuania
Ready for Russia: Lithuanians taught how to resist invasion
I was LIVID
Well at least that's the legend, the name actually just comes from the river Nevėžis which the city is situated on
I really, really, should have picked French instead.
Sous ma bitte
now would be the perfect time to strike and reestablish the grand duchy
It's not a hard word to say for foreigners because it's written and pronounced the same way
Top corporate parties and stag do's in Vilnius, Lithuania.
because macrons are aesthetic and latvian unlike ogoneks
My road trips through the Baltics were usually about a weak long and I'm usually just doing Latvia/Estonia
They are all living together and the city is everyone's.
Believe me, photographs do not do it justice...
Still has the same number of days
I guess you're right then, we have the same word with the same meaning in lithuanian
I still have a positive image of Scottish people though and I'm neutral about Welsh and Northern Irish (?) people, because I don't know much about them.
Brb stocking up doughnuts today
Because a single Wehrmacht soldier was civilized human being, while Soviet soldiers were all brain dead meat balls who were sent by Stalin from coldest villages who never encountered civilized world before.
Just subtract everyone who emigrated and we'll be #1
As the war gave birth to the soviet union and the nazi party
If you want to live in a bigger city then Lithuania is the choice.
It's called "knowing our damn place"
Nah man, everyone I know does this
“plaktukas” in Lithuanian
I think that 1/3 of kebabs usually have no onions by default
That's the union
To be fair when Polish party had a chance they gave Polish students more rights than Lithuanian or other nationality students.
I think we might be able to get it in the house we live in currently, but due to how much we move, it might be a bad idea
motherfucker
[Lithuanian leaflet, page 16, pdf]
Forston, B. W. 2009
Ayy potato farmer reporting in.
Smeltė? Mašiotas
Unis get EU funding for projects/research, make a rule that only unis with free access papers can be eligible.
Suddenly in the capital city lithuanians are not a minority anymore O_o
Some people don't like appearance of Zeppelins (they are delicious tho
I know Kaan who is a son of physicians
I rather go to see my old Turkish friends, as they know some kind of secret recipes to make gorgeous, tasty as heaven kebabs
Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was one of the wealthiest country in Europe before colonization started to be major thing, we were food suppliers to Western part of Europe.
Two were 9 years ago and those were Michael Teló's Ai Se Eu Te Pego, we called it just Nosa
not sure about island hopping during that time of year, tho you should be able to experience a lot in athens and surroundings.
“plaktukas” in Lithuanian
> Historically it would be mead
George,] which is a symbol of Russia and Russian occupation of Ukraine.
Does "jūs" have double meaning
Yeah these things are addictive as fuck.
Butt-qe (imagine a mexican saing por que?)-vi (as in the name Victoria)-chiu (like sneezing "ap-chiu")-te (t and [this thing]
Then along came some asshole who conquered everyone and enforced norms that grew to be commonly accepted.
Don't see what you're hinting at
Lithuania s a semi-presidential country, but our current President seems to be not wanting to use his powers
"Gera vieta"  - nice place
She is a fucking black belt and can fire guns like a pro
It's good to have an all-wheel drive car, and mine is only 2-wheel (I hope I'm using the right terminology), so I get stuck navigating apartment building parking lots sometimes and have to be pushed
I have long hair, and I don't get any weird faces from people in public
There isn't really a stereotype that Latvians and Lithuanians themselves are slow and they make far more jokes about the slow Estonians than Slavic people.
Or is it a simple case of being pro-EU as long as possible so that the gates wouldn't close and they could leave?
His conflict with his brother made him more connected to Poland, I feel
Well, it is very messy :)
After Polish anschluss of Lithuania, yes.
Lithuanian retains some of the most consistent and ancient indo-european features, so Lithuanians can understand pretty much everything, from the moment our tribes united, which was by the end of 13th century
Their religious leaders support the bombs and they keep believing that shit.
It probably depends on the POV too, if you're from spain, you would probably classify lithuania as northern, other thing when you're from norway
Don't you dare to ruin my joke
You such a green plant, i cant believe it lol
Electric boogaloo
Screw mosquitos, our real problem is ticks
Poland was trying to resurrect Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth in some form.
Good job Aussies
The woman is the Lithuanian president
They call other cities villages :(
If the total price of purchase is about at least 100 eur, delivery will likely be free
Will get some cake
* beginning of genocide on 1941 06 14
Can we only translate it to "He"? (since women don't have rights)
[Hi fellow Orthodox brother]
When was WHO stating that as a good option.
Russia didnt "give" independence, we declared ourselves independent
I think all the Baltics are trying to run as far as possible from Russia due to historical things and hate being confused with it
> spoke, German and had a German family
Jag alskar dig Sverige
I saw some weird Fidesz and Jobbik ads against refugees/migrants, as the Hungarian elections were held in that spring
And linguists are certain that a Lithuanian word for "sauna" ("pirtis") came to Finnish language ("pirtti"?).
("Ačiū", pronounced sort of like "achoo")
What we are first in, it's suicide rates in Europe and according to some stats online either 1st in the world or in the top 5 at least
Of course, then there is this Jedzinski guy - [
There's also Sir/Mr/Mrs - Ponas/Ponia/Panelė, of course.
Good luck to the rest of you
Infrastructure is a reliable byproduct of being a superpower.
Is it
Now it died down
Same with glasses (akiniai)
Early 90's people in Lithuania were driving with machine guns and showing them to the police when stopped for speeding as a countermeasurement
Was just about to comment about the whole situation when I saw that you're from Lithuania as well
So they might have to go through the same shitty situations just like the Polish people do.
Somehow managed to find a basketball nearby and we just played 2x2 with our suits on
I am happy if someone know we exist, it would be a dream to have a stereotype
It partly is becouse of it
Last person to be punished was Dekanidze, a head of mafia called "Vilnius brigade". Sentenced and shot after killing a journalist for writing an investigation or satire about him
Could the spoon be ''discovered'' by some aliens in a far away galaxy
Although now Berlin has the baton and they deserve it's a great city
Portuguese sounds like a Romance person mocking a slavic accent
Idk man il just vote yes for it
Yes, but such thing as Ukraine didn't exist back then.
Oh, I see
I always wondered if people that can't write in cursive can actually understand it, because the letter are different looking.
There is also some sort of cap on roaming prices, which on my Lithuanian carrier amounts to exactly the same price as using a German SIM card in Germany :D:D:D
Of course it was a woman
Though it is not really a BIG no no, just big cringe
Remember: +VAT for Net Weight
Same here, but everyone will always favor Russian instead of German or French
While Farage was spending his teen years jacking off in Britain, the guy was under the boot of the 2nd shittiest 20th century European totalitarian empire.
He's not wrong, he's just frustrated at the nonsense you're writing.
My hill is human rights and ecology thankfully countries in European union ensures that everyone is treated equally (or -ish, I know that there is knicks and hickups but we are trying) and we try to lessen our impact on the planet
I never hear anything boxing related.
You need people of all ages from all over the country, including those who live in remote villages and don't have a computer.
Music was equally restricted, you just couldn't get most Western records, smuggling of music was a thing
No Lithuanians (except for nobles and warriors) or any other Baltic tribe, to my knowledge, have lived in the territory of present day Ukraine.
Vidur prūdo plūdur bliūdas, vidur bliūdo pluta plūdo
Honestly I learned English by accident, I just watched a bunch of YT and played a bunch of games and over time I just learned the language and all of its unique quirks
By this logic you shouldn't say the soviets were worse or as bad as the Germans and that in some fucked up Universe the germans would have taken Lithuania to be an ally.
My english speaking self has not been as traumatized, and is a much better person to be around
nuostatomis, jis neturi atsakyti pagal baudžiamaji istatyma
Also "y" and "į" are pronounced the same way, but grammar rules define in what cases which one should be written
And so after the wars they basically were able to transform their country from backwards agrarian state to Highly Developed and Rich country
How about fil'e ferru
Austria are the real victims here, they only got two slices of the delicious Polish-Lithuanian pie
No since Lithuania gained independence in the end of the WW1
Wait till many Russians demand that you be thankful for "liberating" you from Nazis in about 2½ weeks ;)
Currently memes are being shared in instagram and facebook
Ahhh
> Greece’s economy is thoroughly fucked all throughout the whole country
For me it was easy, because my cousin lived in Belgium and when he came back we watched tons of english channels and talked, but for lithuanians i think it's challenging
I mean, bringing conscription back would be like a death sentence for our government.
For Lithuania it's most likely the 90s mafia assassinations.
To us it's people whole lived during the USSR and people who only lived in a "free Lithuania"
I've never heard any american say that and even if they do, I guess you don't have to yell your soul out to be heard in europe
Was just joking, because people usually name all 3 :)
We have 4
Correct
Trump again tries to solve his personal domestic issues by using tools of foreign politic
Doctor
When I was a kid, it was completely normal to call black people "negrai(negroes)" or "negriukai(little negroes)", it's just how everyone called them, my parents, my grandparents, even my middle school teacher, when she wanted us to perform a scene from an old russian cartoon "[Chunga Changa] she told me and some of my classmates that we will be playing the little negroes, so we even did blackface for it, smh
CAN CONFIRM
You can just play the board games online, but it's not what I'm looking for
He said he wanted us to be big and stronk, with Lithuanian on Polish presidency throne.
One would expect that there would be some vocabulary exchange between Magyar tribes and the native Slavs.
As I said, a lot of people wear clothes with logos here, but maybe they're not as frequent as in america
Comma for decimal, point for thousands: 2
I suppose it's important to point out that the numbers are made up.
And what is the issue
5%. Look how well 1950s Russian gifts of land are working out for Ukraine
You ask someone to stop doing something that has nothing to do with you
You didn't need them since you had winter doing that for you for free
Is it though
I think you're wrong, because the Electoral College is an outdated system, that may have been very good and efficient when it came in to being 200 years ago, considering almost any democracy was good then compared to the alternatives, because there weren't many of them at all at the moment.
It also doesn't explain Lithuania in which this is much smaller demographic, but the result in question is about the same
Will I be able to buy green-tea KitKats now
I believe that Lithuania and Latvia* are crazy about basketball.
Barracks - repurposed for anything imaginable
And the whole idea is that we skip the letters we don't pronounce or we use specific letters to reflect our language rules or pronunciation
I think the collective term for the people you described is "Lithuanians"
Electronic: Sel - Užmerkiu akis, sel600, Laiškas iš Paryžiaus, Nieko verta, Bek etc
And when leaving Prague the plane was late 2h so connecting flight lost our baggage
The worse thing would be calling us Slavs
Valakas - 21,38 ha
Of course a demographic of whole millions over Europe (in 16th century, about 75% of all Jews lived in Poland, or, should we be clear, a multi-culti Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth) is not just dependent on one marriage.
18C in Fall is cold, 18C in spring is hot
Do you seriously think that
PLC citizens hailing from Lithuanian lands usually identified as Lithuanian in ethnic sense, but as Poles in citizenship sense.
That sentence makes me giggle a bit
And then carry on to Byzantine Roman Empire!
Merkel kept pushing the same redistribution agenda even then it was clear that such a policy wasn't going to work.
Pretty cool how fast some of the things are build.
Basically when all major governmental Polish figures died in Russia, in that "accidental" plane crash, Polish people should have been very careful of new election, but they failed and now a Russian puppet is in place and will have Poland leave EU and join the sphere of RU
No Vytis is the proper and official name of it.Idk what it's called in Poland or what it was called a hundreds years ago.
A simple building outskirts maintenance might not be agreed upon for such reasons thus creating unmaintained buildings in the long term
"Balta drobulė" (White Shroud) an eclectic psychological book about life in WWII Lithuania and USA
True, most girls are blue eyed and have light hair in Lithuania.
Of course it was a woman
KEKWait
Lithuanian government has been on some kind of weird nationalistic crusade for years and it only makes assimilation problems grow.
Definitely Klaipėda city, Western Lithuania in general also
That's exactly what I mean, names are just regular everyday words that someone decided to use
most experts consider your goverment as authoritarianism.
But don't expect many people to be able to name all of the states
Putin clearly had something important to say.
Estonia and Lithuania basically renovated and modernized every "commie block" in their countries.
A Swedish pen in Lithuanian paper.
Threat of extreme harm or death - blast away
For me, shocking that Lithuania would even build so poor railways nowadays.
Anyone want to explain Lithuania to me ?
I just realised that Lithuania looks like a short, fat Africa.
It was also federation of two countries.
Edit - I had lived in London
Offering something for free to accept everything
I don't know how to feel about this...?
* It is also possible to buy tickets in trains, but they are additionally charged if you don't board the train from a station without ticket office
There are few thousands, and my city has a Tatar mosque
Russians are insanely well integreted into Lithuanian society, far more than Poles and are in Lithuanian military ranks with mutual respect to each other.
Rookie numbers
Maybe it’s the nationalistic/ fascist past
A very lovely and friendly person if I may say so.
Right click -> Translate to English.
Ahh the good old church turning pagan traditions in to christian because that what Jesus meant
I heard talks about starting to import, but didn't knew we send it to Poland
Cash only
The dude calls himself blue eyed blonde 69 what else can you expect.
Time it correctly and you can claim you intercepted them while they flew past you :)
What about Moldova
How would Afghanistan invade russia
Did you really just tried to apologise their expansionist ambitions?
For example in Lithuania in 2014 there were 31.3k childbirths so 31.3k care packages could be delivered.
Iceland has most r/europe subscribers per 1k country's population as well as far as I recall.
Desktop: [ kopija 2020-05-20 11-46-14
Imagine getting sick, forcefully staying in bed and worst of all not being able to write funny comments on Reddit.
East Europe has this most probably
-bėgiojančių - of people that run (Not runners
To have good relationship with Belarus seems impossible as it is ruled by an crazy old man who is president for more than two decades.
Would be same as Latvia
Then it turns to 1940 with 06 11 Soviet ultimatum and our cowardly government that agreed to it; Sovietisation of Lithuania and beginning of Soviet genocide (the mass deportations to Siberia in 1941 06 14)
Coming from the guy who lived in the lamest country in Yugoslavia
I don't really agree with that line of reasoning though and that's what I meant by if you squint hard enough.
Exactly the sound you make when drunk
That's not Poland, that's the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Some are placed under house arrest, so they can stay at home but can't leave
Look to the positive side, at least we will be able to say that other countries have shittier politicians than ours!
There's 3 in lithuania, byt there's also a huge factory in kazlu ruda, that is being heavily invested in by ikea
The referendum was already very close.
Some parties are sponsored by Russians and people elect them, others have to work with big business (in a bad way) because media is too dependant on their ad revenue and the whole advertisement business is kinda sketchy with quite a lot of money still in TV advertisment, which makes internet media to be more dependent and so on.
They wouldn't have to act like scum if we just gave them what they want.
I haven't seen then anywhere for more than 15 years or so
Every name was once picked and used for the first time
Why do you assume Lithuanians, especially the political opponents, would have been treated differently by some Tsarist state agencies if that was the Russian Empire invading Lithuania again while Lithuanians wouldn't be pleased with being a part of Russia?
Don't forget Ė. And we will add Ų and Į near yours Ą and Ę :)
Keikti in lithuanian is literally "to curse". We don't really have a lot of vulgar swearwords
Hello
Hence why its called the European Union.
Good point
The nights are around 17°C (62,6°F), but upstairs it doesn't get that cool, even with all of the windows open
Yeah I was playing on the "Pole hating fascist" stereotype that a lot of Poles have towards Lithuanians
Erm what debate is there
If you want 20000 chickens and you don't want to sell the eggs/meat no one cares.
Original lithuanian surnames have diffrrent endings for males (sons, fathers), wife and daughter
Heh, i am both nationalist and federalist
And in 1940 only one regime had wronger Lithuanian people
"Not my circus, not my monkeys", interesting, in Lithuania we have "Not my pigs, not my beans" which has the same meaning
*I wanna be the very best*
My mom shortly told me that there are Gen X, Gen Y and Gen Z. I didn't know the American names of these generations, so I wondered: what the fuck are baby boomers
The idiot was driving like 90km/h on a snowy road and slipped.
You would't want a hot beer in a sauna
Basically
Though it should not be mistaken for Nizhny Novgorod ("Lower New City"), which was founded in 1221, and is much larger today.
Hmm, I wonder who would do such a thing..?
During this time they could have shown support to Belarus instead
Going to the range sucks (probably just shitty ranges, and not enough time to go to the one I like), I'd love to be just be able to go outside somewhere with a proper backstop and unload a bunch of .22 in to cans.
Yikes
If they see an opportunity they will take action.
A lot of old pieces were wrote in Latin but that didn't make the author's Latin.
Just to give you some of the highlights
We share quite a few common words that sound similar or even identical but many have totally different meaning
Don't pee on our presidential palace.
That's not boosting confidence, sadly.
It means pussy (vagina) in Lithuanian
I'd punch you and then buy you a beer because mixed feelings
Language is the most important thing and being productive member of society is a big bonus.
For real
Any news we get is about their new nuclear power plant.
Lithuanians have better beer then us?
Vatican City, Vatican City State
Estonia and, to lesser extent Ukraine
We have a biathlon following, a small one, but it's overshadowed by the much bigger and more popular sports out there.
Iš kur  esi
"Lol you can't compare all communists to Stalin
If I know the story correctly the painting shows one of our duke begging not to "hurt" GDL anymore when we signed treaty of Liublin.
Greenpoint is an incredibly Polish neighborhood
Nop
Don't think I've ever had any traditional Lithuanian food before.
> Pažymeta, kad neblaivus asmuo nepraranda teises gintis
And no, "some other countries do it too" is not an excuse
&#x200B;
Never been to Romania and never visit the part of town where Gypsy's live here.
If Lithuania then add half green and half blue
And even if they elect Le Pen and she leaves EU, how will that help that guy to hire more people?
Russia or any other country where gopnik culture is widespread.
I really hope France won't turn away from European Project.
They are the norm here in Lithuania too
If you misspoke and meant  ''formula'' then it's also false
There might be some nice muslim people, but I don't feel comfortable taking that chance.
It's pretty well known, but the only relevant custom I know is that you're meant to take out your christmas tree before the day.
Well, Lithuania is giving political asylum to the Tsichanovskaya, who ran for the election against lukashenko, at the moment
1-5 online classes a day
The issue isn't companies, but special snowflakes like you guys
It always baffles me how different is the view of the PLC in Lithuania compared to Poland.
Turkey is increasing a threat level.
I'm collecting them, though, and people who know this sometimes give them to me, I think otherwise it would be mainly Latvian.
Lithuanian here
It thought to be an oldest language in Europe
He could have delivered me to the god faster
The name of the, say, coffee shop is allowed to be English, but the type of establishment must be in Lithuanian, so rather than being "coffee shop" it must be "kavinė".
Maybe lithuania was the strongest, but there are no people to remember it
Hope this stuff is gonna blow over soon and responsible will get what’s coming to them
Generally easy to distinguish people by parts of europe or large countries they come from
Czechia does
People from province usually live in student dorms or rent since there is no other option
The world is now in crisis of democratic values.
They are so iconic to our national identity that it's hard to not learn then.
Thailand, Greece, Spain, Turkey, Egypt.
Come on guys, let's subjugate ourselves to German economic interests for the third time in a century!
I think we have to agree that there won't be wilderness in the middle of Europe.
Even more than than on average.
If you turn in the perfect essay, the teacher can't complain that it's not written in cursive (because that's most likely not in your teaching program).
A You're being intentionally obtuse
Poland – it's weird to say that, but WW2 and 45 years of Communist oppression solved idiotic Polish-Lithuanian conflict and Vilnius issue
But Linkomanija community would deeply appreciate your efforts :(
Jesus spaghettis if you gonna repeat history make sure it's the good bits and not this
Simona Milinytė, a talentless and shallow daughter of a reach father, who for about 10 years has tried to make her a superstar in Lithuania, and failed miserably.
Or the Amish or other Low Saxon speaking Christians.
We have similar flags [[1]]#/media/File:Lithuanian_coat_of_arms_Vytis._16th_century.jpg).
Like, how about reading a fucking BOOK on feminism instead of getting all your ideology from other college girls' blogs about the Sociology 101 they just took last Monday
Im usually careful about my stuff, but at home (my, my parents and inlaws, all of which are in thr same town) people proved themselves to be above that (and many of them are modest in living standards)
Her I was opening the link expecting London to top the list with 8 million then realising something quite upsetting
But if we split EU in two parts then eventually EU will be just one nation (Place your bets on France and Germany)
It is one of multiple official languages in both Ireland and Malta, and they were allowed to pick one.
For Lithuania it would be [Gedimino bokštas ]
English, on the other hand, is just doing it without purpose.
What if I told you that Lithuania is not Europe
Let's burn down some apartaments and discriminate gays
we use yyyy-mm-dd and it makes more sense than dd-mm-yyyy imo because the date is written the same way youd organize archives or something(first year,then month,then day)
A lot of those books are from the Zenith series, it's science fiction about space travel and all that
Dont sit to a taxi out of the airport
Ah yes the second biggest threat and "unfriendly" nation to Russian Federation is the mighty Republic of Lithuania
Now when it comes to the Trump scenario, we already had a russian puppet president in office, he was impeached and we had a new election.
People from province usually live in student dorms or rent since there is no other option
Galvoji, kad paspruksi nuo manęs sakydamas apie mane šitą šūdą internete?
Like people wouldn't call Kaunas provincija
[MFW Kebabs destroyed ancient civilization.]
I think it would be roughly the same size as orange blob in Lithuania (the full blob, not cross overs)
Probably, becouse of the post-soviet state of pretty much all the european countries that are still or were bordering russia
The girl be very white tho
We met up with some other people, other couchsurfers and hosts who all live in older apartments too.
Parades like these show that everyone that its fine being gay and you are not just some kind of weirdo who should get mental help
Surprise anschluss
In regards to wealth inequality, since wealth tends to be concentrated in the upper centiles and the lower half of the population tends to have roughly 0 wealth, the income from wealth becomes a big problem.
No matter how distant it might be, that cathedral is one of the greatest and most beautiful buildings in the world, not to mention the amount of history that this building saw
But clearly I'm racist and hate Eastern Europeans, not just that I don't think the EU is an acceptable form of governance.
That one is especially ironic since Soros financed Orbans education.
More and more young people leave and old people do not make children.
Thanks
Spices are literally poisons meant to protect the plant from bacteria and insects, Humans are simply not affected by them because we're too big
Because implying that Russia won't do anything because NATO is more powerful is disingenuous.
Vilnius is full of Polish and Russians to the point that many don't even try to learn Lithuanian
They want to make it 50
But truth be told, my biggest caffeine intakes are during dark months because I can't get up without light, so I usually: drink 3+ cups of coffee and work with all the lights on
I really do
I'm dryer that yer mum's privates
No one cares about poles until you run into one
and if you visit 17-18 of June you get to see more.
It's also where the Liberland is trying to happen.
I've never heard anyone use that word for Christmas
This statement is so fucked up
Looks like it could be Rēzekne, considering how run down it looks
That's very surprising to me, or I'm simply in the "wrong" circle of friends
New houses usually run on "eco" and keep temp around 21-23C. Enough for walking in shorts, barefoot and tshirt
This does seem to be related to our bad rankings for psychological and heart issues.
Be they mad or not
Can they stop spreading gayness
this time with far shittier deals.
Either make it accurate or don't put it for small areas (like Estonian places where Russians are majority).
Yeah
Chichester: Blackwell
I think he's perceived fairly well
Vilnius is called Portugal by very jealous people, primarily from Kaunas city, because Vilnius is seen as full of people of different nationalities and ethnic groups, therefore it is not a very "Lithuanian" city, but a foreign one (Kaunas prides itself as the most Lithuanian city).
You wouldn't call UK a celtic nation because they have a sizeable celtic speaking minority.
As mentioned before here, double negative
My friend and I were going to this bar to film as extras, she was a little bit ahead of me, and entered the building first
Most people say 'Eastern Europe' in general, but not anything specific
Our "brothers" position is reserved to Latvia (as we call "braliukas") because we're both the only remaining Baltic nations in the world, but culturally and religiously we are probably closer to Poland due to history
But it felt filthy rich as well
Hooray we are not in >81 group!
*The concept arose after the failed January Uprising of 1863, taking the form of an administrative order in 1864, and was not lifted until 24 April 1904
That would be funny and good enough for me]
For some reason I always thought Porsche was italian
Dragon: Darkonas for a general dragon, Aitvaras for the local variety (which has been portrayed in a variety of forms but some are close to a dragon)
700 pages for 2 weeks of schooltime lol
Other 1% is actually good humor
Are you really going to play semantics in the face of overwhelming evidence Russia is involved in the war in the Donbass?
Oh please, the difference between moon calendar and actual year is few weeks a year.
Do these names have any discernible meaning
Makes sense, haven't thought about it.
Vilki - Tumšis bija, gaišis tapa
Usually half of the class goes off to woodworking classes, the other half to cooking
Russia does not own Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Finland or any of its other neighbours.
Not sure if it happened in Latvia too, but similar story happened in [Lithuania] According to latest statistics
Well apparently i misinfered that picture.
And not only in English, I mix them up in Lithuanian, French, Korean and Japanese as well
Since when
That's the worst part of it, Russia is already at a point of no return
And UK Intelligence
They literally took their soviet flag and removed sickle and hammer
I would totally Czech that place out
Actually Polish-Lithuanian
Yeah but with flowers only.It didn't have the name tho or I don't remember.I grew up in a small mainly ethnically lithuanian town.
So they don't recognize such thing as other Macedonias because they're "true Macedonia".
Yeah, but there were no 'Republics of X' in the Eastern block and plenty of Western democracies like Republic of Austria, Republic of Cyprus, Republic of Finland, or Republic of Malta
Why make an exception here
Yeah I know
I hate basketball
If you're getting better quality food here than back in Lithuania, then I don't dare imagine the quality of food there.
Right of way
Turn out my education wasn't as shit as I thought it was.
Opiates, including heroin, are widely used in medicine.
2008 a beer in a bar in Lithuania/Vilnius was 1 euro, 2021 its 3
While being just another murderous regime
If somebody uses a non-existant word or a grammatically incorrect phrase, you will be seen as a subpar human being and will be immediately corrected
Well the issue is that we lack our own swear words.
Lithuania is at 181.3 cm if measured just as all the other countries were.
If the election took place today, would it win again?
My misses is Lithuanian, shes pretty much a nut job.
If it's the same as in Norway most of the "breaking into homes"-increase we've seen are organized gangs from Romania, Poland, Lithuania and Algeria coming in for short time periods exclusively to steal.
As for world-context language skills: english, spanish, russian
džast in bed, spring breik iz hėr, sau aim džast čilin
Well thats a very 2020ish way to end the year
Mano rekordas :D
Tho Europe I think is very pro green in general
By the way, 2020 Lithuanian general election even had a diaspora electoral district which was won by the leader of liberal party
Opposing imperial Russian authorities' efforts to replace the traditional Latin orthography with Cyrillic, and transporting printed matter from as far away as the United States to do so, the book smugglers became a symbol of Lithuanians' resistance to Russification
This is a TV programme called "Guess a song".
That's why we got Poles on our side, they infiltrated all the strategic toilets, prepare for the original [Commonwealth]–Lithuanian_Commonwealth) to kick your Frencho-Germanic ass..
Fucking with people by giving them bullshit tips is one of the main reasons why I wanna live beyond 100 years.
Correct, there are more people speaking Polish than Irish in Lithuania.
It is a defence budget not an offence.
Saulė - Sun(female), Mėnulis - moon(male)
damm
Only some businesses buy Fiats to transport merchandise.
This is your brain on tankieism
Other than France, Portugal, Ukraine, Lithuania, Romania and Russia, which are semi-presidential, and Belarus, which is presidential (like most American countries other than Canada.)
In Lithuania that was the case a week ago
A spanking on the bottom is beating now?
My suburb's main Street has a speed limit, but everyone goes much faster than limit
Most lower officials (elders, guild masters and some other "bureaucrats") were elected and the townspeople had fairly extensive rights
Our teachers will never migrate to teams lol
Searching for torrents, arranging them, getting rid of shitty "Remix" versions and poor quality copies, etc.
just basic awareness of things besides hyper-capitalism
Yea, they have been doing piss poor performance.
> Pūkas literally translates to "fluffy".
It's just sausage with sauce
Well, to be fair, most Lithuanians from Lithuania are some next level Chads.
I wear my jacket below 10 if it is not raining, I wear rainproof jacket if it is 10-15 and raining
Had a banquet a few weeks ago
Because they create a lot of jobs, if there is a risk for them to close their business every politician will be forced to do whatever he cans to help them survive, because nobody will vote for people who got them fired and sudden increase in unemployment is in general bad for economy.
Red unattractive, Lithuanian;
Here in Lithuania, for example, you're legally *required* to raise your flag on national celebrations, or else you pay a fine.
That at least explains why are they all so extreme in the same direction.
Either make your point or stop pretending of having one to begin with.
Dragon is a flying snake lizard with wings
But I have hard time seperating British and Lithuanian accents due to being so used to hearing both
Then I find stuff like [this] online and feel like a shit-kicker
I can't speak for Estonia, but I know similar can be seen in Latvia or Lithuania.
Its just that different public figures want a proper football stadium, but can't agree how it should be built
Same with periods or ob/gyn appointments
It's still called "Romos Imperia". No germany in the lithuanian name for it
Bus driver got lost and we didn’t make it to the animated film we were supposed to go to and went to see Final Destination instead
I think that's what they meant
Ghettos are created and more than 200k Litvaks are killed
Dzūkija is heavily influenced by Poland.
We wouldn't view a tan as unhealthy, if it's not overdone
I don't know, it possibly couldn't be because of that mere couple month from his inauguration he is already one of the most controversial US presidents?
Pretty sure it is Pagonia
It DID explain things, but also made everything unnecessarily complicated
Its not fine if president of one nation meets technically nobody of the other nation for no reason.
Have you ever heard about the breakup of Yugoslavia and what came afterwards?
We have had 5 million years of cooling before humans showed up.
Putting their life story in stickers on the back of their cars
Fake news would be if a newspaper just invented the story.
You'll get a glass of water here if you say that
Some schools ask professionals from outside (public health specialists, doctors, etc) to give speech about periods and hygiene for teenagers (usually there are two groups split in between girls and boys)
I identify more with my lithuanian side, becouse I was born and raised speaking lithuanian, surrounded by lithuanians, learning about lithuania, despite living in poland
But then again, they have two separate taps for hot and cold.
They had objections to the institute promoting Silesian regional food products in Germany, saying that it is a 'promotion of Silesian autonomy'.
Even a country of a similar size like you, Slovenia, is separated into two regions.
If there is a southeastern Europe, why isn’t there a northeastern Europe
My friend got 300Mbps for 20€, but he called the customer support and asked if they could make it cheaper
Goddammit Lithuania
>And the other one is:"Iti rakom zvizgat" which means: "to go whistle to crabs".
Why they would choose to factor in investment into renewables and CO2 production while measuring "toxicity" is beyond me.
Red Nines - oranges and other citrus fruits with cinammon (best drink ever for me personally, you can make so many cocktails out of it and its really sweet so easy to drink it on its own and its usually the only flavour I find in baltic shops abroad)
Any stereotype that assumes something is universally true in the continent is highly likely to be bullshit
I have no doubt that there were lots of brave and interesting people that fled the Commonwealth in the 18th century.
Simply because it’s in the name FREE universities, If another country had them well then it wouldn’t be considered cheaper
That's all it takes, that's how fragile and on the edge they are
To be fair EU can't really do anything to stop them and UK did not even start the whole leaving process.
that goddamn useless pipe near the river or so called art
Tell me again that he deserved to die
The [wikipedia article] does a fairly decent job of trying to explain without getting too technical.
Also there seems to be some sort of additional sentiment suggesting that Russia is the real bad side.
I also think 0 gain is perfect.
Not sure which clubs were with swords but has to be one of the top ones as far as I remember it was some european competition qualification
(We don't know why) But we know why Australia joined.
Before that they were Lithuanian subjects, though they were treated like shit but that's a different subject altogether
It's mostly wood, not solar or anything
In my country there are plans for roaming in specific countries, for example if you jump between Lithuania and the UK like a lot of us do.
Lithuanians did almost the same :))
700 pages for 2 weeks of schooltime lol
I personaly watch it because how stupid it can get, also pretty funny to watch with good friends
Kinda onterested in reading that book now.
And most men these days cook at home too
that's a nice theory you got but considering you're yet to do that not even during the crisis, I would assume you'll never break the peg
In germany it's definitely not legal and you can get kicked by police in the middle of the night.
Does it go to rome
They understand someone with a heavy accent better, because there's is heavier too
Also I never seen someone use ĄŽERTY type
Then Trump came and it went to absolute shit in a heartbeat
Mostly it's people thinking that as long as good people are in power they should be allowed to do whatever they like.
It makes both ingredients drinkable.
Vilnius has many Slavic vibes and Klaipėda until 1920 was ultimately German, yet now a large Russian community
Had not thought it was possible.
Sounds like Half Life storyline
※ I meant fridges
- money
so Lenin is Tatarian
Do you just let them sleep in the canals
Ah yes, the good ol' - "If you won't visit Moscow - Moscow will visit you".
Target the weaker people who can you exploit by doing something what would make critical thinkers quickly dismiss it.
Sour cream and pizza
Well at least 3 agreed to it willingly
^^^^What ^^^^the ^^^^hell ^^^^don't ^^^^even ^^^^mention ^^^^our ^^^^secret ^^^^potato ^^^^scheme ^^^^to ^^^^them!
You could not think of worse Tojan horse example
Make sure to keep strong stance against imperialistic Russia, don't step your foot back, because they moment you do they will put theirs in that place
Any Lithuanian pop
Can there be more than 20 parties making it possible for non of them beat the threshold?
That's how they get you
Also there is a joke about Latvian girls having horizontal vaginas lol
I am just going to drop this wikipedia arcticle about the famine in anyone wants to learn about it
Yet another example of any willingness to cooperate and lack of any king of culture from the right.
Klaipėda isn't visited very often
I couldn't find any good examples (most were 5 minute long clips of the bird just walking around), but from what I can describe it's a really loud, low sound, travelling just above the ground
Well, if you're in IT it can be 1-2k as you can make 2-3k if you get a job while studying and become senior by 25 which I know a lot of cases of
Centuries before the Ottomans invaded Cyprus, by the way.
I adore Mrs Merkel
Then what is eastern europe
Our culture and religion isn't all that different from most of Europe, I think.
Maybe it's anti-competition laws.
Latvia, has lots of Russians in it.
#*Like no one ever was*
You've answered the question yourself
Weird how Lithuania has got most EU funds, even though Latvia would need it considerably more.
French fries are very simple in flavour
About lithuanian villages, i mean lithuania has no dispute with belarus, just that 90% of those villages have lithuanian names
Šlangas, šlagbaumas
Geese and ducks are more common
With Poland: Zeligowski
It's really handy
Bronius, anything-slovas (Stanislovas, Boleslovas)
Afaik, it's up to your own interpretation
The amount of Russian propaganda that is in the air gets to some people.
In the summer it feels like every other person is German.
> To the bang bang boogie, say up jump the boogie,
We do have Glühwein
Of course it's more expensive too.
But since it's not actually theirs they do not take care of it and just trash the place
Just a box to fit British ego inside.
mesa - table in Spanish
I speak russian (which is a minority language in Lithuania)
Its name literally comes from the word electricity and they have all of that electric stuff of the country
Especially when they can have "historical" excuses(oh these poor nations were occupied by the evil West), or perhaps a good old "russian minority protection" (Latvia and Estonia are more vulnerable to that one), etc.
The first few chords are enough to make people pull out their lights and sing along
wot M8
look at this dude
I can do whatever at work as long as things that i'm responsible for ar completed in before the deadlines,  no one cares about that
Sorry but when the bridge decides to detonate one of the ramps it is hard to serve a purpose of a bridge.
You have managed to have fucked up government for 100 years who occupy, kill and rape other nations
Looks like it could be Rēzekne, considering how run down it looks
Lithuanians tend to have a really poor outlook on the Commonwealth
Man I remember in 00s I saw Google like: "Yeah they are big but at the same time they are doing bunch of cool and *good* things". And years before they even removed the "Don't be evil" motto it turned to "fuckers are too big and went from doing *good things* to straight up illegal shit".
Now it's time for Belarus
Also there are a lot of rescrictions for where you can smoke
Estonia always wanted to be one of the Scandinavian countries, their language isn't similar to Lithuanian/Latvian, their lifestyle is different, etc.
It was only when the infighting in their parliament and the toxic Russians came in that Poland declined.
How’s it’s going there
It's kind of interesting that his last name sounds quite similar to a lithuanian word "putinas".
Tbh the whole country except maybe for the big three cities
Despite the absurdly strict weed laws, it is fairly popular and I consider it a big part of youth's culture - I often see it's influence in cultural life, for example, local music
You can say he mispoke all you want, but he is a representative and speaking right is 70% of his job.
It make driving a chore and when you have people trying to do 140+, tailgating, rapid lane changes, etc then it's a chore and its dangerous.
The apendix
The amount of red has really strong associations with communism and most people don't want to be reminded of the thing that weakened our country so much
In Wales
Lyndon Johnson's great society and war on poverty was socialism light.
One team has chosen the name "jews" (because they were jews).
Belgium
Our TV channels don't have many good shows.
No critical mass can be gathered to topple the regime.
Lithuanians when their country gets mentioned: ( ^ω^ )
While Lithuanians median wage is higher than that of Poland's.
It's not really about "issues".
And yet it sounds as if being hit on is the #1 oppressive problem for all women of the world
The letters might have been directed at Lithuanian Russians, but the article is for wider audience - just look at the location of the people, posting comments in the original article's website.
I think you might be eligible for a study loan if you get a job (call centers are always hiring), but I'm not sure how it works.
Lithuania placed last in its first year of competing in Eurovision
I've seen Lederhosen within 300 metres from the Urania clock on Alexanderplatz
These people won't abandon their new life and go back
I do know there are more redheads in Scotland than in Ireland.
It's maybe 30C there
I'm certain that Schengen and Euro will have to be adopted if they'll want back into the Union
Why do you need 4 letters to make 1 sound
And then you have spiteful Lithuanians which behave like I was responsible for this whole damn proxy war.
And in the old town of Vilnius even the store sign above your business door need to adhere to certain standards
I think it would be easier to find a Lithuanian who *doesn't* know at least the first few sentences of the anthem.
Not really
I bet none of you have to learn lithuanian in school
He's not just feeling some positive sentiments towards Russia, he's totally and fully supporting them in every way.
Normally a guarantor is needed, if the person wants to stay out of jail until the trial
We are also pretty much the only country in Europe that gives a shit about basketball.
"Full independence" was restored for all three only after the August coup.
So true - if Dead Leader Putin did finally occupy the Eastern Europe, I would certainly be happy to escape to, say, Czech Republic.
Also your buses were very convenient, the service was really good
] They are fairly [similar] to Russian gopniks, they're mostly Russians or Poles, or a mix of the two
Our last president wasn’t too bad either
Almost no high ranking positions in the government (which was pretty much ever single job) were occupied by actual lithuanians.
As is the case with Kosciuszko.
But nonetheless here is the translation for everyone: something in the lines "you will see what will you get for painting Trump on the walls" and by that he meant [this image] but it got vandalized and later they fixed it to [this more "passionate" version]
I'm not close to it but I know a little bit
:Dd
Simple: you cannot beat the Swiss in war.
here you go
We want to thank the Polish for being our best friends after all the fighting that happened in the middle ages
Since that's a lot of political implications and I'm wholeheartedly unqualified to make a judgement
His family was from Flanders I think, so technically Belgian
Was it confirmed and I missed it or is March just another date to extend article 50 declaration even further?
There are very few russians and belausians
My parents have been living in their apartment building for 30 years and so have most of their neighbors, so they know each other and their names
can you provide names for uhmmm investigative purposes
I hate varškė, kefir, grietinė, yoghurt (just milk products other than milk itself, butter and cheess)
Goddamn this wet nonsense -3ish to +3
I hope this is the end of this now
It's a super cool idea, but the cost of building this comes around at a million to few million euros, so it's a huge investment +taking into consideration that the movement on a highway is stopped for at least a few days it's a huge cost
Kinda reminds of some Russian songs with additional English words which make a song a bit incomprehensible
Today I learnt a new word
Is that a long way in Lithuania?
why is it that freedom of speech never became a big issue in Europe, unlike in the USA?
Two Latvias too an no Lithuania.
That Christmas tree looks pretty basic.
As far as I know, Latvian Red riflemen were involved too, and there was the Stučka government.
Being able to buy a box of these delicious Pączki for mere cents was a god send
But in areas it isn't exactly usual.
**In my mind**, **I have known hund**reds of **new nights**
I was only just born in the early 90s, so maybe they're all playing with each other and the later generation never picked it up
And Estonia and Poland and Lithuania.
Renewable has been cheaper than coal for quite some time now.
*looks at weather forecast for Lisbon* Fuck you OP.
Sorry Netherlands but Finland wins this one with Catalonia comming in second place.
Lithuania tourism chief quits after it revealed that pictures of Finland, Slovakia were used to promote the country
Ahh, thanks
I am just shy of invoking the Godwin's Law.
Never saw a joke that makes fun of them
They opposed drafts to the SS units unlike many others and they have the most [Righteous Among the Nations] per person
Chapos lierally enraged rn, saying that this sub is fashist because of this post, lmao
The cost is supposed to restrict it
Rockstar North is based in Edinburgh, that studio has been making GTA before it was bought by Rockstar
I had too many guests not able to stomach both of these dishes
Veikalas in Lithuanian is work (more like result of work), but in Latvian it's a store
please google *Panthera leo europaea*
Something that blocks regular ships from entering the port, without help of icebreakers
They just changed all the exams to coursework and if you have questions - you email the lecturers
The people in question are already dead.
They are as far as possible from anyone else and have just one land border with EU country.
Šia teise jis gali igyvendinti neatsižvelgdamas i tai, ar galejo išvengti kesinimosi arba kreiptis pagalbos i kitus asmenis ar valdžios institucijas
There were also more serious privacy concerns, like occasionally routing traffic through China (really not an issue for 5 grader class), but the main issue was unsecured conversations
Same in Lithuania
How’s it’s going there
Hell yeah, just no Soviet interruptions this time please
That it
So I think the quality of the actual university should be your main factor.
Just want to note that I didnt take this picture, I found it on internet
Russia does not want to let go :(
The only language that retains similarities with ancient sanskrit and these words are being used daily so you know
'Provincija' is Lithuanian word for 'province'.
Because people think I’m putting the whole blame on the pilots, which I am not
> jäääär
F. ex
First we have to find the centre...
My great grandparents moved from occupied Lithuania to the U.S....That's all I got.
Sadly it is ridden with brutalist commie shit
That's your ideal parent I guess.
Oh great, so you can go in debt too
But given the pandemic and working from home, I have more than enough time to sleep and cook during workdays
DEJA VU
Getting all of that music for free is a pain in the ass, though.
Then the partitions of Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth 100 years later would be less likely.
If English is not being considered, I'd rather choose Latin over Esperanto.
If USA is out of equation - France and Germany will not risk civil war in their own land over Greek-Turkish conflict.
Yea but there is lithuania in it ant it joined 2004
It's just something you get used to, makes you appreciate the summer more
traukiniobilietas
Or that Japan's GDP(PPP) per capita is only bigger by 30%.
Broliai latviai
They aren't. Why should they be
"Alio, klausau" "Hello, (I'm) listening". Alio isn't an exact translation of the word Hello, just more of Allo (I don't know if it's ana ctual word, sorry)
Un Russian and Lithuanian it's also just Holy Roman Empire
I feel that this is exactly what happens in reality as media influences individuals and their decisions.
Then the Grand Dutchy of Lithuania was the largest country in Europe, stretching between the Baltic and the Black seas
It's kinda funny that we found a way to get rid of Paksas, Uspaskich, and Tomaševski in Lithuania by sending them all to Brussels.
Lithuania s a semi-presidential country, but our current President seems to be not wanting to use his powers
Are you really suggesting that nations half a globe away can be closer culturally than neighbouring nations?
That was the point of EU but that's not what it is right now sadly
It comes to the people living there to make that distinction.
My sis married an Asian, my cousins respectively married a Pole and a Dutch and a Brit.
2) Vytautas gets his crown earlier and GDL becomes the Kingdom of Lithuania
Well, I didn't, that's for sure.
We should declare war on Lithuania and surrender immideatly.
Belarus: same as Russia
Looks like this is for domestic consumption only.
And I see no attempts to concentrate power in his hands and to suspend the democratic process.
Nope, Moldova is the name of the region of Romania and the separate country, Moldavia is the Latinized name of said region and the former official name of said country
I was today years old when I found out that not only Lithuania have it considered as our national instrument
It's hard to see if you are saying this seriously or just making fun.
6 nanoseconds
Where i live, drinking tap water is not good anymore without either 1
I'm in Prague right now (technically not my country but w/e) and I would say what tourists need to watch out for are the Euronet ATMs, they are by far the biggest scam I've seen
I rarely see any tourists at Anykščiai but i think that Klaipeda is visited very often but Samogitia is pretty chill ngl
>>Poles best allies
Anything that came after the dark Soviet decades is sunny and joyful to them.
I would only like to mention one person that is not even our own national hero.
It depends on the country
On an another note, I wouldn't be suprised if both Lithuania (already has imo) and Latvia will pass us..
Not sure if anyone invented anything here
Go back to the policy when only EU members can move freely in EU countries.
In highways they are OK but cities are each man for himself kinda deal
But in general we try to avoid such subjects or refrain from commenting their opinion in a serious way, cause we cant get to a conclusion
Not yet, but they're obviously moving in that direction.
Yall are idiots
Their singing is just amazing
I'm pretty sure no one else has 2 independence days and a day for independence defenders (January 13th - day of independence defenders, March 11th - Restoration of independence day, February 16th - Independence day)
Second you could learn Lithuanian as it is one of the IE languages the changed least and is closest Baltic language to old Prussian.
Yea but Atlantic Ocean has identity problems.
Is looking up on Facebook a person I met in bar now illegal?
I don't really get why we do this.
Long term predictions I would mark as unreliable, although this is not to say that climate change isn't happening.
People like you are why I took up shooting as a sport.
No matter if you relocate them to Lithuania, Czech republic, Slovakia etc.
Don't worry, it would just be integration to EU
Probably because of the way it’s pronounced in Lithuanian, it doesn’t really sound like a german surname
Only person to win from this is NATO
Yes, hello I'm one of them
Greeces economy is recovering for some time now
When you've climbed it and look at the beautiful view and realize you are basically looking at the Russian border, but there is no physical fences or whatever.
Which is sad, buuuuuut it opened peoples minds and  they realised thet not all of vilnius looks like that, so now major productions like stranger things are coming to vilnius
Tomaszewski tried to instigate hate between both, but eventually failed
TIL most of Europe is Lone-lands (minus Amon Sûl)
Could you turn it back, so that the north would be north
I prefer english language to lithuanian
Some people just shouldn't be allowed to peroxide their hair.
The new hip thing to do with names nowadays is ripping them off other obscure languages
It looks like a building from the last of us
If the small road is good and you drive fast the percentage of accidents is still low.
Labor staff (cleaning, fixing various stuff, growing food)
Warm water access to the Baltic sea?
Travel between cities is often left for private companies.
You asked when was the last time.
Wer du ju fink I kaim from
Very poor quality argumentation.
Considering people in England eat fish and chips with mayo, maybe its good that we allowed them to leave the EU
If he knew his forces would be crushed as soon as they left Russia, he would be content with all the land he already has.
It's not an obscure dish, but a damn good one
Not to mention that it doesn't take into account other important factors such as amount of combat ready troops, various ships(frigates, cruisers, destroyers), land vehicles(APCs and IFVs).
Well we had a language reform just not one aimed at distinguishing from the Russians (like Lithuanians had removing any foreign word) since Polish survived quite strong.
More like high ^^^^interest rates
Why's it almost all red with a few blue patches
And, in case of the cooking classes, you can eat them afterwards
I almost always pay for things with other types of debit cards in Lithuania instead of credit, but I usually have problems whenever I visit the Netherlands with the same cards
Keikti
Hi, my name John
I'm done
I wouldn't name Kosciuszko the biggest national hero in Lithuania by any means but I feel like he is certainly the one with the most interesting story.
\-8 - 0 autumn coat with something warm underneath
It used to be massive when we exported cars further east.
(quite literally, he expanded Polish borders)
The Lithuanian tribe formed from the larger Eastern Baltic tribe around 500 AD, and nobody really knows for sure of where exactly they and the rest of the Balts come from.
The whole name has something to do with each of the 9 herbs used representing one of our gods or something
When I was a kid, it was completely normal to call black people "negrai(negroes)" or "negriukai(little negroes)", it's just how everyone called them, my parents, my grandparents, even my middle school teacher, when she wanted us to perform a scene from an old russian cartoon "[Chunga Changa] she told me and some of my classmates that we will be playing the little negroes, so we even did blackface for it, smh
Džon meid his vay tu a tavern trū de dark forest, only tu faind aut dat hy forgot de mony
As a student, you most likely won't have to deal with them (If I, for example, would plan to study in the US, I would concern myself more with the system of education and less about attitude towards rednecks, gun laws and junk food).
The fakeness, forced wholesomeness and compliment sandwiches are bad enough when you're an autistic Eastern European (make a "tactless" comment and they'll rip you apart tho), but they're so deep into Teen Vogue white savior victim slay queen "feminism" bullshit these days it's sickening
I don't think that Ivan IV was deranged.
Geographically
It's pretty common, especially with teens and children
Named after [nationalities/ethnicities and places]
Same in Lithuanian, "provincija", I assume we got it from French
Hope you dont get offended, didnt meant to offend
However, most EU countries *would* become subject to larger global powers.
Soviet/nazi symbols are banned from public, CCCP tshirt would get you in trouble in the same way "holocoust is fake" would get you in trouble in Israel
I remember our history teacher saying Lithuania's economy was comparable to that of Denmark
Putting Estonia and Lithuania in the same bracket with Slovenia is super weird.
Although Lithuania was the bigger country when it formed, the leadership was all polish, and Lithuanian culture, including the language, was seen as untasteful, and everyone sought to speak polish
I mean, why can't we fucking share?
It's one of the most amazing experiences that I had
I was trying to learn some Lithuanian while back, and there were surprisingly lot of common words in the basic dictionary.
The "eco" label tends to double the prices for anything.
Fuck the whole system, TOR and VPNs it is then
Good road infrastructure is far more important.
Have enough savings to live for year and a half without any income
Kakis/Kakas
When discussing history with russian friends, some times we argue till we go home
In all nations and faiths there are quite a lot of young people who don't really give a shit about keeping the traditions of their ancestors.
Very sad to know that even nordic countries have snowless winters
appealing to logic and future
wish i had these mountains here
And basketball is popular here for historical reasons
Leaving lights on: "Is this a church
I thought Haapsalu was your summer fling place.
Not saying it was right (because as you mentioned it affected a lot of innocent people), but Germany's goal was to expand and unify all the German lands (where there were Germans)
Where some of the richest people in the world come to holiday and live
Austrijos - Vengrijos imperija
We've called you *Čekija* for ages, so it's nothing unusual to Lithuanian ears
I'd say we go there at least once per month (when no CoVid, obviously, but even then, the LIT-LAT border is open at the moment and we did go to Latvia in July once)
Its sad that kids often need them, but in major cities, schools are quite full so teachers can't dedicate enough attention to everyone
Eurobeat intensifies
I would not be surprised if resources are being provided to the pro kremlin parties.
Oh it's supposed to be a timeline, I get it now.
That Lithuania most of the time tops the first place by the suicide rate in the whole World, not just Europe, which is extremely sad and depressing
I remember our history teacher saying Lithuania's economy was comparable to that of Denmark
I look for peace, but see i don't attain
Kasa, kasa, kasa and kasa are all different words in lithuanian
Eeeh, not really "Traditional" per say, but Alias is probably the most popular one
But that's what some/lots of Eastern Europeans say
Request to see the reports so far, please
Hey, that's me
Sounds like these came from russians
somehow
Some examples,
Especially that EU has quite a lot to offer (like that VAT thingy that was mentioned) that benefit quite a lot of people and could boost business
All of that were natural processes with both expansion and immigration in PLC.
Happened to my parents once, once to me too
And the longest internal route, Vilnius-Klaipėda (\~400 km) costs 14,50 € full price and just 6,88 € for me
Holy shit this looks ugly
But the majority is right or right-leaning.
Why future, money was always needed, that's why it was created.
Great achievements:
I didn't say machine-gun I said sub-machine gun, which is a bit of misnomer
In Lithuania we had a referendum and the majority of participants voted in favor of dual citizenship, but referendum failed because only 37% of eligible voters turned out for this referendum
Not exactly sure why we didn't have it so bad it here in Lithuania
If Belarus went for closer ties with the West instead of East, only then we would see warmer relations, until then there is no way Belarus and Lithuania will ever have great relationship as neighbouring nations.
Mostly because it would actually increase the problem.
[Here's an example]
I think it’s because of our historical association with Poland and how Poland can be either Central or Eastern European
Our 2012-2016 Prime Minister Butkevičius speaking English that bad that he even replaced English words for similar sounding Lithuanian with idiotic meanings
Fuerteventura is unique for its expansive sandy beaches and perfect waves for surfing in the north of the island.
Sorry, but other places have great cheeses as well
No one has ever hear of Lithuania except at visa offices where Lithuanians are found trying to gain access to the UK or US
Did he just say that he will reinforce old alliances??
I am absolutely NOT okay
Sometimes there's no "Alio", sometimes just "Alio".
It definitely means they know Russian.
Actually no Soviet Block countries were called 'Republic of X'.
He had help from 3 other brain cells.
It's just the most catchy
Poland has something going with the rest of the Visegrád Group but that’s not us
you're summarising the situation in retrospect, we don't know if they were going for this in actuality.
Not necessary
Not as far as I know
Below 0 is when it starts to feel pretty cold
Look out the last King of Poland and Grand duke of Lithuania was Nicholas II
Fall of constantinople is also listed as one of the end points of the middle ages here
Hearts of animals (most popular is chicken)
But here, a new language, and the absence of articles in my native tongue is shining through again
Please research cepelinai and šaltibarščiai
Playing with +20 players at the table with anyone being able to call it with monopoly cards is a risky business
I joined in the conversation and we all talked in English for about 5 minutes, before my friend decided to tell me something in Lithuanian, and then that girl was like "wait
Estonia you won't become Nordic with that.
one thing that Soviet Union got right (or better than in US at the time) was women rights
(and just as extra info: in other languages you will get error if you divide int with float.
I think the internet will meme her photos until she is dead
Thus, even annual increase in TFR will provide only the same or smaller number of children.
Russia
Ovidijus Vyšniauskas made a beautiful song but the judges had the audacity to place him dead last
It'll be a long time until we see full LGBT acceptance here, which is sad
I would report that shit in seconds if I saw my neighbour doing it.
Please no, I have a test on thursday so I cant be distracted :(
In Belarus we come for cheaper alcohol to Ukraine, Lithuania, Poland (for example duty free shops on borders with Lithuania\Poland or tax free paying).
Well
But why would you want something like that in Europe is still beyond me.
Amazing
Taxation for public services (fewer services, more corruption and lower taxation but you get the point)
Some people even cook whole head of a pig
I assume white spots on the roof is not sun damage on paint...
Lottery is a almost always a scam and run by shadiest people
If anything that is an insult to those who actually suffered persecution during wars and occupation etc
Džon meid hiz uei tu a tevern fruh fe dark forest, onlį tu faind aut fat hį forgot fe monei
Kryžių Kalnas "The Hill of crosses" is believed to contain the highest concentration of crosses in the world
2009 - Grybauskaitė won on the first round, she got over 69% of the votes from a list of 7 candidates, so there wasn't even a 1v1 scenario
They think they're the best and don't care about other cities
And later he helped to christianize Lithuania
well, since it's a language map, if there is no other spoken language in Lithuania apart Lithuanian then you don't need extra colouring.
PauldeMiko is cool here, I really like him
That's way off, immigration stats show it should be Poland, UK and Latvia/Lithuania.
Well, you can get [this] 526.74 sq m house for 257k euro.
You can actually see pre-WW2 borders of Germany in Poland
Have you forgotten about what drives on the road?
Buy a gun: in some cases allowed at 18
But if you're planning to move back to Lithuania in a few years it's wisest to get things sorted out beforehand.
Mountains
I'm not Asian, I'm not African, I'm not Arab, I'm not a Turk.
Oookayyy
Poland
in Lithuania of course it's the major news right now, we have a lot of interest to have a pro-european neighbours, also there is this nuclear power plant 50km from Vilnius in belarus that was just launched and with Lukashenko on board it is very much a big concern for us
It will be really difficult for UK to return, and the conditions won't be as nice as they were
We don't consider you our enemies too
Shit map
I've heard about the whole Ingria thing, but that's just a small part of Russia
Was just joking, because people usually name all 3 :)
Thanks, sending love back :) Prague is one of my favorite European cities
But still, when you remember what they mean (like veikals was one of the first words I learned) you don't really have a problem reading it
Baltic paganism
We sound Slavic due to similar sounds consisting in our Language I assume, same rolled R and some other that are surprisingly difficult to notice and get rid off I think
Ah yes, our tech savy but retarded brother Estonia
Feels uncomfortable man
At best it might be just assembled in US, but I even doubt I have that
A lot of Lithuanians were able to speak good polish as well.
We have the exact same holiday "Užgavėnės". We burn a giant doll usually made out of hay to scare the winter and welcome the spring
That looks like Lithuania (Vilnius) except Soviet era building are higher.
Erika slaps hard tho
Lots of people from Portugal, Poland, Lithuania, Russia, various other countries.
we might be speaking about other stuff
It's going to be hell
particularly the baltic states where stag parties have become very popular
It’s just meat, covered by a THICC layer of dough and cooked, when you bite in, all of the meat juices come out
They seem to have no plan whatsoever.
Military bases - continued to be used, heavily modernized
And our fears were confirmed soon enough, when we saw Russia's regression and the backsliding in terms of Democracy, Press Freedom, Freedom of Expression
Happy Independence Day, braliukai
10^12 Trilijonas
My condolences to any of my diesel-driving brothers caught in the crossfire
It eases travelling a lot  – there's no point in having border controls inside of EU
It has made the EU into one economically powerful block, has worked to reduce corruption across the boards (super noticible in Eastern Europe), has brough along Europe wide projects and so on.
A simple building outskirts maintenance might not be agreed upon for such reasons thus creating unmaintained buildings in the long term
In the past, sure
Before Covid I'd estimate my budget for travel was probably in the 60€-80€ range per month
Nop
Part of shit hole that USSR was against our own wishes
Latvia is not scared, it will fight Russia to the last Estonian (or Lithuanian).
Im from the great bunch of kids
Neša, neša vainikaitį.
Although Lithuanians were a minority in their own country, we still view those days of the Grand Dutchy of Lithuania as our golden age
As I had free last evening in Košice (SK), I took a train to Miskolc in Hungary, as I had never been there before, took a 1 h walk in the city and then returned back to the last train to Slovakia as my flight from Košice was in the very early morning
Imo, oceania is an artificial region, like europe, not a continent
Well, everyone who lives in spain, but otherwise you're mistaken
And the only difference i have from people who live in the city itself is that i always have a place to park my car, i drive car instead of public transport
Lithuania jokes about reconquering Latvia, Belarus, Ukraine, Russia and anything else standing between them and the black sea
At least in my experience
A Mexican friend said one doesn't have very tasty food but it's authentic, another place is not authentic but has tasty food (I love its cozy atmosphere), and the third is a hipster pub where I haven't tasted the food.
As much as I agree with your logic, isn't this already a lost cause?
They're not dangerous, but can definitely be rude
If it hadn't been for PLC, it's very possible there would have been no Lithuania or Belarus today.
My accent is basically RP + Estuary English (Not as strong as Adele or anything)
It won't be as sweet as Gubernija but it will usually be a unique taste and freshly made.
Not so long ago a hand cuffed guy managed to steal automatic rifle from police officers and then run away.
Using more auxiliary words, that is not that common, but still fully legit in Lithuanian:
Well I have
How's the casino business btw, I read that the Vladivostok officials want it to be the Vegas of the east.
) I lived in Barcelona for years
But his lineage was Lithuanian and he spoke of Lithuania as his fatherland.
Translations to all the ones that start with "P": Foamer, Firstdrinker, First grader, First brancher
To the American you're all the same Russkies.
They're quite cool
Aww Lithuania so cute :)
It's a super cool idea and it's a good thing to build them, I was even lucky enough to see a highway in Alberta full of these, but what I took away from it, is that building a strech of road long enough, for these to be effective is just too costly for the near future
Estonia (independence recognized in 1920), Latvia (independence recognized in 1921) and Lithuania (last independence declared in 1918, but Lithuania has a longer story) were all declared independent before the birth of my grandparents.
These countries are excluded from my definition of Soviet borders.
Military bases - continued to be used, heavily modernized
~30% of Lithuania was also occupied during interbellum and we count it as free here
You say that, but they just elected a president for themselves in US.
Engineering (mechanical, chemical), machine operation
(Žemaičių suprantu, bet žemaičiuoju tragiškai
Besides fast food restaurants and certain alcohol cocktails, no, not really.
Wasn't used to people being so friendly and open, so uncaring about the minuscule things Lithuanians fuss over
ininkas/ė- someone who is doing something (this case- prays) professionally
) Gendered in Lithuania, so it's mainly girls who learn to cook (while boys learn wood carving and other useless things)
graduated in 2012
Why would they suddenly become anti-EU ?
First job would be take kaliningrad.
Hehe, can't beat us ;_;
Not  a single shot was fired while beeing occupied by ussr
Neither, both of our Presidents join together in marriage and form a royal dynasty
Although I like the entrepreneurial spirit that most of them have.
Impostor/pretender is "apsimetelis".
Meaninglessness is like your mother here.
Also peace talks are like Turkey's EU talks.
I think the PLC flag looks the coolest, just so many features incorporated into one flag
that's how it should be
I don't think it is the case, no
Some Brits say "You 'right
Du siehst sehr schlecht aus
I though listening to shitty russian pop is mandatory thou'!
Sure, it's possible to play the system like that, but not easy.
After the collapse of Soviet Union all people who felt strongly that their real homeland was Russia or Ukraine have left Lithuania in 1991-1998 period.
It hasn't changed for ~2000 years
NI wishes to reunify are at an all time high, Scotland wants independence - soon UK will only consist of England and Wales, lol
Not enough and, unfortunately, Arab conquest has pushed us apart
That's not really true - this guy was "only" sentenced to take care of eldery or disabled people for 6 months
But the artist said it was supposed to make people think about and discuss the purpose and goals of art in public places, whatever that means
Private owned channel
Mostly because their screens don't crack as much (at least from what I know)
Ačiū!
Hell, Lithuanians living near Polish border even go shopping to Poland
Just like those students who move to countries outside of Romania would be making Romania a better place if they stayed
And really, there's better games if I'm playing on a computer
Yeah, we have the same thing here in Lithuania.
So would Coke Zero be exempt from it?
#*Like no one ever was*
Technically only Albania
It has Poland included :D (its a joke guys, please dont get triggered by nationalistic bullshit)
There are no such things in Lithuania to my knowledge.
The rest is waiting as the police can take up to 30 days to issue your permit once you submit all your information
It's pretty common, especially with teens and children
my point is, one is a place the other the official title of a government
But emigration is the cause of faster than usual decline.
Latvia too but they're our brothers so we don't really rival them like that
With the current infrastructure and technology electric isn't always the cleanest option, it's just that it is easier to deal with the pollution of power plants versus various methods of pollution that is caused by individuals such as by driving personal vehicles
That is what I meant
I've heard a saying that Belgium is just one large suburb of Brussels lol
Somehow I like the joke about Australia.
Depends on each person
ah, lithuanian girlfriend (or boyfriend), huh
The country I'm from doesn't change what Russia's long term ambitions may be and what we can do to curtail that aggression.
They were actually quite successful and Venice was once a very mighty naval power
You Estonians outperform pretty much everyone in Eastern Europe.
Money spent on investment such as research research is not taxed.
Also there were lots of crimes, suicides and killings in 90s after USSR felt down because of people starving not only in Lithuania but in many countries where USSR used to rule including Russia..
Those can be more dangerous sometimes
Yeah, that’s fascism
I really appreciate the directness in a lot of cases, but sometimes it might feel a little rude to someone from a more indirect/reserved culture
And there are some countries like Lithuania than are constantly loosing people so that is not good.
Hmmmmmmmmmmm
How then they can be similar if I cant even pick up words from it?
In Lithuania instead of rock we use a well
Germany is [our] Senpai, not Sauna loving Russian killers.
For me at least
As far as I see it, soft brexit (something like a Norway deal) would be just a worse case of being in EU (pay more, can't vote, freedom of movement) and all the hard brexiters will still complain about it (mainly the British press) because nothing actually happened.
It's quite popular
Not defending Soviet takeovers or anything, but that war wasn't about conquering Lithuania or self-determination of the nations but about getting unified with the German communists for a possible pan-European revolution.
and their exclusive games
Data caps haven't really existed for a decade either.
Being a militant atheist, he compared that to Italy and the Vatican :)
You should see buses/trolleybuses in Vilnius, they're so crowded I'm not even joking
Total bs
Polen is rising, but not into space.
Butter makes everything better
And now the Tescos will be extinct in Slovakia as well
Mushrooms: [Lithuanians love mushroom picking] The brown one is the king of all mushrooms Baravykas (Boletus)
Not quite, *achoo* has the clear stress strictly on the second syllable, and *ãčiū* has a long, stressed first syllable
Dude, that's sick
It will be packed, and you wont regret it
But you are correct that it would be very hard to only do renewables (not impossible) so best course of action would be renewables+nuclear with some fossil fuel plants.
We go crazy because of basketball instead
However, im sure here you can never lock your house and nobody will bother to check or rob you (private house at least)
We are forever grateful
They did ask us too to call them Georgija, but it just stresses orgy part way to much that even geography classes would sound dirty.
Lithuanian is one of the oldest indo-european languages
Cursive
Even the Russian ambasador to Lithuania doesn't participate in our independence day event.
Poles in Lithuania are as much Polish as all English speaking Irish and Scots are English.
Also it seems Ukrainian refugees do not count?
Lack of a nuclear alliance allows a nuclear powers to bully non nuclear powers into submission.
*Also keikti makes absolutely no sense, it's not even a swear word, it just says „to swear“*
McCain, Klobuchar, Graham interview in Vinius with Andrius Tapinas
Nah, the only way you'd get beaten is if you said this to a skinhead or smth, otherwise people would just get annoyed and correct you
If you squeeze really hard you get mountains and everything will fit
Who won didn't really bother me.
Not to mention economy of Belarus regions is even worse than that of Russia
Normally I would say something encouraging but at this point I just have to ask how much you really love her
Not all but some
Džon meid his vay tu a tavern trū de dark forest, only tu faind aut dat hy forgot de mony
Speeds are the same
German city
Just trimmed the explanation and moved it slightly to [the very end as a footnote/last sentence] My mistake but either way this is a shift in culture either way
Like what do the buttons do on a car dashboard, thats what I asked my parrents after +3 years of having a licence to drive because I never owned a car and rarely drive
In quite a few post colonial societies, you'd find this thing called "whiteness", and that's about the only thing that actually comes close to a "European" identity
When one talks to the governmental agencies via E-boks, even if you tell them that you have not learnt enough Danish to be able to communicate fluently, they will respond to you in Danish on purpose because those are the rules
Not sure which clubs were with swords but has to be one of the top ones as far as I remember it was some european competition qualification
Used to have a significant Lithuanian minority.
I am in that +-20 year old group, but yeah it even surprises me.
But no, according to Danish linguist [Vilhelm Thomsen] "pirtis"-> "pirtti".
Sad that bad blood started between us.
By any chance could you get a picture of that house?
In the last season he got to drive from Lisbon to Skarsvåg (the northernmost town in Norway) and back, several times
They are Balts like Lithuanians but we formed our state long ago and they got occupied/colonized by Livonian order.
The US, Canada, Poland, the UK, and Lithuania are training the Ukrainian army and at a training center at Yavoriv, near Lviv.
And UK Intelligence
I would apply to Master programs in life sciences, however I am not sure which university is the best if we compare quality of studies and living expenses :/
Oh yeah, I get that, we're all just lazy really
Thanks and stay safe too :)
He also opened Vilnius University in 1579, the first one in Lithuania
Lithuanians see it as two options, first one being leave EU and face a similar fate as Ukraine, or integrate in to the EU as much as possible, to become an inseparable part of it
So they basically work like marketing department to government?
Well, [why not] Sweden is favourite former overlord.
Year zero doesn't exist, so the 1st century spans the years AD 1 to AD 100, inclusive, and so on
with the exception of studies, that suggest that people from places with numbered streets have poorer navigation skills
A court was held but he was justified, because person's right to self defense is above the law forbidding drunken carry and use of weapons
Oh, well thank you
Sign me up as shill as well then, for I agree with them.
The world looks completely different when you are going 15 km/h and your butt starts to hurt halfway and when you devour a can of tuna with some bread as an incredible delicacly because you are hungry as fuck and the last store you saw was 2 hours and 30 km away and you did not pack much normal food.
(Male who prays)
Gambling
Poland has higher wages, so does estonia, our gdp lead is quite meaningless to the people.
Personally I write faster in cursive, but yeah I agree its harder to read cursive
Personally I would suggest just getting rid of Donetsk as a whole, because it will continue to cause problems in future for sure and we will have second Moldova
Might as well force to have a test when leaving the country.
I know it's mostly little englanders there but still it shows how little public support the project has remaining and its future is very much in question.
I rather go to see my old Turkish friends, as they know some kind of secret recipes to make gorgeous, tasty as heaven kebabs
:/ wish the best of luck to Poles, the road ahead might get bumpy for a few decades to come if not the right choices are made
I don't know exactly, but it must be connected to our also abnormal suicide stats too.
I think credit cards are more of an American thing, the Europeans that I've encountered usually use debit, but some Dutch card readers treat all Visas and MasterCards as credit
Classic case of Bootleggers and Baptists.
Irish, Lithuanian and French are my particular favorites...
At least in my experience
The Baltic states with restored independence in 1990 also legally are the same countries that were founded/restored in 1918
The Grand Duchy of Lithuania in the 15th century
We have a literal blood sausages stuffed in animal intestines
Well, it's barely existent
K, dude
Pokemon Go is cancelled
There could be a lot of ways to find out.
I'd rather see the Grand Duchy
Mate, we're gonna kick you in the Jūrmala, so don't mess with us.
Also Bronė, Petronė, Vanda
rip
"Kate valge suo" = "Cat ate dog", in order to get this meaning in Lithuanian I would write "Kate valge suni".
Užgavėnės.
As a fellow lithuanian i can vouch for this as well
The Baltic states accepted less than 1000 refugees each, what the f*ck?
I just remember reading similar news about refugees leaving other EE countries like Poland, Czech Republic, Latvia or now Lithuania, so it's suprising to hear that it's different in Estonia.
So you could just put two prices next to each other - with and without taxes
I believe we ceded too much space to cars here, especially in the city center, some of the parking lots could be converted into public squares and green zones
Sveiks brali
3D satisfaction from this
/u/FellowRedditeer/ account is only spamming the same thing about Finland's conpiracy memes for the last year
Open the paywalled article and copy the headline of the article.
Haven't been there much, but their mall is massive
Their population has greatly reduced over the past decade as they emigrated to Western and Northern Europe
- And what will you do with them
Poor african countries
It's usually just one euro, but still.
poland is the most religious country in europe, more religious than italy, which is where the pope is sitting.
EDIT: Also forgot to mention, a gigabit for ~20€, but come on, who needs that much
From what I understand, the majority of Turks are religious Muslims, something that is dangerous for Europe.
But the comrades from the east came with their 50 year long liberation and forced us into it.
Plus the 18-25 demographic was the only one who truly voted to Remain in a healthy margin.
US bears a much bigger burder of NATO than this infographic would have you believe.
Our tv channels that we have here are not biased, but based on objective facts and not opinions, lies or propaganda and there is plenty of news and articles that are critical to gov on factual basis . And Lithuanian news sites that we have are also mostly the same: reporting factual news, stories and opinions like what experts think on certain subject
You do know what happens to Hunger games athletes right?
You are free to quote me if you run for president.
As someone who visits the Netherlands frequently, I like to rant about this too
Just like how it was when I first moved to the US
Lithuanian from the capital would need to spend additionally more than 8 hours in the bus (which was more before we were accepted to the Schengen area, due to the border controls on the both sides of Latvia), which isn't comfortable.
Kaunas is the most Lithuanian city
Yeah but they filmed in Vilnius, lithuanias capital, which is cool but then you realize that not much changed since the disaster
> Orre = a big bird
Why there is picture of Mannerheim in the background?
Well, tbh Polish in Lithuania are a historical minority and many families we're living there before war and everything, so they do not need to assimilate.
I might add that some of those old houses cannot be demolished because they were build in 18th or 19th century and are considered to have some kind of cultural value.
Just tiny tabletop game stores with family games
Edit: [honorary mention]
Home of the world's first steelworking machine of a non-traditional sexual orientation, Ivan Dulin
But Estonia and Lithuania don't even really play hockey ಠ_ಠ
Feel quite proud of it for some reason
More of a loss to all countries
Cause me and my family have Mezon and we pay 17
"Čėdyti" is a dialectical loanword from the Slavic languages meaning "to save, protect, put aside", and it's appropriate as Virgin-ijus is the Commissioner for the Environment, Oceans and Fisheries
Mid Ulster council plans for street signs in Portuguese, Polish and Lithuanian
Deja/Deje - "unfortunately"
I just wanted to point that to be honest, you're not right either.
Its the same in Lithuanian but it just sound so unatural in other lanuges -_-
I study in the US and people only say it's a cool accent after they find out that I am not Russian lol
Yes
Typical lazy American programming.
Also you're all old and in large packs, like the Chinese
Well, I was viewing the *we* more as a general "Here in eastern europe" and not Lithuania specifically, as the topic was shifted more broadly to refugees generally just leaving countries that they, uhm, *don't like*.
[Poland cannot into orbital view]
I use Lithuanian wiki fairly often
This schism is something that leads to too much tensions
Essentially, yes
kartu - together/bitter
There were no child prostitutes selling their wares around their neglected derelict concrete slabs, between men dying in the streets of alcoholism and krokodyl, a pimp with sun glasses and a adidas was beating a prostitute.
they are not happy with the current state of economics...
(hands some fruit and spice as gift)
Hello
I enjoyed that
* death of Stalin, Khrushchev's regime seems to be somewhat lenient
Ever heard of lihapullakastike?
I also don't really know how different they are, but I think the LSDP may be a little more left-wing than the LSDDP, which is more centre-left
And next morning, on the 25th we unwrap our Christmas gifts that supposedly "Santa or Old Man Christmas in our case" left there under the Christmas tree.
See how well that will go with public.
I'm ashamed
Note that I've never actually heard anyone referring to Belarus as *Gudija* in conversation
Every army is built to fight the nation's enemies.
Bruh
At the end, our former president, Dalia Grybauskaitė talking with Obama, a better example of our accent, or mine at least, but very monotonous and for that reason alone I do my best to make highs and lows in a sentence just to sound like a human instead of robot
Yes, that includes race mixing
Thats what i believe was the case in villages not so long ago
I think the internet will meme her photos until she is dead
Well actually the HoC has been slowing down progress this whole time with regards to Brexit
[European coins flashmob] So changing the coins in the last 100 years in Lithuania!
Gotta love the Kremlin's dog brain propaganda
Will try to look for it in our Statistic departament page
They smell like piss and shit and I honestly can't understand how anyone can enjoy eating them, wouldn't even give those to my enemies.
The history of GDL was a huge part of school program as, well, we were part of GDL.
Compared to the Baltic states, there are a lot of blacks in Czechia (at least in Prague).
No Lithuania everything is going to be alright *hugs*
In fact, there are 2 times more lithuanians than russians
Finnish statistics are more impressive, but yet again, they also learn Swedish
Luck which happens rarely in history
A house is when you have no wall with neighbours
Don't mind them
Coat
Green Nines - anise, vanilla, citrus and coffee
&#x200B;
McDonald's is not a messy food
They sometimes chech check for contraband when you are leaving
Old Prussian language was very closely related to Lithuanian one because both belong to Baltic language branch so it was insanely easy for Old Prussians to assimilated to Lithuanians, even then those Lithuanians would soon find new identity - [Lietuvininkai] who were Protestant Lithuanians and not Roman Catholic Lithuania proper.
kartu - together/bitter
Or is it just a pretty map and that's it.
Well you can travel visa-free to EU states.
My Lithuanian friend told me that most of the Polish in Lithuania are just Polonized Lithuanians.
To them it looked like a legit money transfer.
*ironic*
Milk is a must to refrigerate
Well said, just what I was thinking.
Technically only Albania
We just (yesterday) held our parliamentary elections and the results show the new ruling coalition will include Laisvės Partija - the party that's been advocating for LGBT rights throughout all of its campaign
No no, we actually love Lithuania because we love anyone who is against Russia and suffered because of Russia.
What’s up with Eastern Europe + Baltic states ?
Lithuania here, max speed without any actual limits.
Later we continued drinking
Eating octopuses is not disgusting or scary to me
Lilaest
And now say it to the common man
Most people say "Thank you" in Lithuanian without even knowing it as it sounds just like a sneezing sound "ačiū" - ahchoo
Say, on my way home I want to pick up a few bags of groceries that I don't want to haul to the bus - I grab the nearest car share and drive myself home
Everyone calls Vilnius by saying the i quite hard
However, now that I think of it, its never really played anywhere but sporting matches
Try to guess what veikals mean
Lithuanian: nemįšk prieš vėją - gurkšnį gausi
Greeces economy is recovering for some time now
Courts have ways of dealing with it, it doesn't just mean witnesses have no value
So, you personally
In my own community there are many Polish and Lithuanian people so it wouldn't be uncommon to hear Polish or Lithuanian.
I think it is remains of Great War ending, when nations was fighting for territories inhabited by mixed population.
(If you want to know something, just message me and I'll try my hardest to help )
I live here, it's pretty bland.
Do you want it
I always thought that the Ottomans officially called it Istanbul all along
Like the stolovaya in russia
We had an entire lesson about the dangers of it over at my school.
Having really stupid politicians around its nice to see not everybody is like that
The Irish People deserve self-determination
Definitely Monaco
Vilnius had been Polish, Russian AND Lithuanian
THE MEMEL
In Rome they let you cross the pedestrian crossings
Jūratė and Kastytis would be a great Disney film although it has a sad ending
Just 6 month long autumn
Yes, but I remember the very night when these guys got elected every Romanian here was saying "RIP fight against corruption".
Hence you can't state that this bill was completely out of blue sky.
Lithuanian forest is usually inland, mixed leaf, mostly hilled or flat, which is common everywhere in the world
Tendency is in the right I believe.
There're Belarusians and Ukrainians living in Vilnius working in English-speaking offices.
That hurt and I'm not even Estonian
Lithuanian music or art isn't popular at all outside the country.
The card machines in shops treat that as acting like a credit card
Everyone would agree we're Baltic
So politics might seem to be darker for me than it actually is (and will be more fun in the future because next book on my list is 1984) Good book though
most of the reasons he listed are accurate, Vilnius is called Portugal because baroque is quite common and the term "baroque" comes from the Portuguese "barroco".
Jesus spaghettis if you gonna repeat history make sure it's the good bits and not this
It hasn't changed for ~2000 years
Couple weeks after they started vaccinating again
Official reports say he decided to use all of his vacation days for the millennium early.
So basically we have here high standards for press freedom and i would only say that we have to improve more civil activism to protest and etc
Lithuania has been much better with this to my knowledge.
For that, we needed both Central Powers and the Entente to lose and that's sort of what happened.
We know you exist, we just don't really care that much (but if "proper Russia" goes probing your butt, don't worry, we'll care then).
Lietuvos Respublikos Konstitucija/Constitution of The Lithuanian Republic
When they are politically dead you could start to move on.
You do realize that's what the sanctions are about right?
There could be, but I'm not sure how to search like you said
Being green is absolutely the last thing in their list of goals
They really should update the times, but then again 70km/h saves on fuel.
Well I believe she sounds very right.
Well then we should hire Trump to fix it.
Most people hated it and still do
Yes we are
Iceland because they recognised our independence the first.
I see you are from Romania and as far as I know french is from the same language family as romanian
You're right it's way too hot take that shirt off.
(Totally fine to share with Poland)
Patrick's Day, Vilnia River Vilnius
Leyla, Athena, Cassandra, Mark, Nyx
Kaunas and Vilnius are 1st and 2nd most populious cities in Lithuania, plus they're huge rivals between each other.
We have a lot of local Poles and they are...
The whole point of living in a liberal democracy is freedom, and not being forced by the government to do shit like this
In Lithuania it started snowing in November
They're all aggressive, either jobless or re-selling used cars, finished secondary school at best, they think that all cops are bastards because their licence was taken away for drunk driving
I expected it to have some coverage, but actually there's a lot of it
In my view only snow-white albino people lived there
I'd say, germany is central, but definitely leaning towards western europe
Nida or Klaipėda or Samogitia are worth visiting
This is the funniest thing I saw all day.
No one hates US, most people just don't understand how can you be so clueless/blind on some subjects.
Especially in long exposure photos.
All the seniors I know do tend to be just above 25 year mark
Also celebrities have a habit to hide their illness.
Swedish and danish too, not norwegian.
Latvia – we're brothers
Now we have Gitanas Nauseda, former economic analyst of SEB
Russia is quite large, they can go wherever they please in Russia.
Now many nation have some claim to them and we shouldn't really deny any of them this claim at this point.
Russian government in general is good at disinformation.
Our tv channels that we have here are not biased, but based on objective facts and not opinions, lies or propaganda and there is plenty of news and articles that are critical to gov on factual basis . And Lithuanian news sites that we have are also mostly the same: reporting factual news, stories and opinions like what experts think on certain subject
Well the chances of being raped walking through a park at night are higher than during the day time
To some extent, yes
Nah, the mentality of soviet relics is anti-gay, the mentality of religious nuts who got their freedom from soviets is also anti-gay
You'd be welcome even without speaking the language, I imagine.
Which sounds a bit like Russian/Polish/Slovakian/Croatian/etc
Russia would surely want to connect its boarders.
Mam Napad - CZ I have an Idea, PL I have an ambush
I read a fair bit of smaller (local) American news sites and i've noticed that the recent EU internet privacy law (GDPR) has made more than half of smaller sites completely banned and inaccessible
in Lithuania almost every movie is subtitled, only the childrens movies get dubbed.
Any chance of a link to article?
These operations included active measures involving propaganda, deception and other psychological activities, he said.
There are many museums, but there's a lot of competition to get positions in them, and even in Germany they're not really paying a decent wage
99 years ago, today Council of Lithuania declared Lithuania's independency
Buying bottled water
Estonians, Latvians, and Lithuanians are still mostly described in the Danish public sphere as criminal gangs.
First they bump up the beer tax and now they gonna to tell me how to beat up my kids.
Shit man, I really hated that show as a kid, fast foward some 10 years i realized its pretty good and should not be taken as serious as I took it, plus all these Number One memes made me actually reconsider myself and start loving it, shit I'm so sad right now , the man looked so happy and enjoyed what he did
No jokes in Czechia this time looks like
She was pleasantly surprised that we remembered the dishes and honestly were interested in her country.
We do not live in a patriarchal society
I dont think anywhere in the world is better for me than my own country
Whees the ŚÍ poster
Upon telling telling a waiter where I'm from, he started speaking Polish
To invest they would have to cut their expenses somehow reducing their quality of life and maybe or not get a return when it barely matters anymore
Lithuania's relationship with Poland is ...
Never really
Kind of ironic in a sense, since Latvian and Estonian languages for example are absolutely not similar in anyway what so ever, like it's completely foreign to us and yet they are our ''brothers'' from history and all the major battles our nation has been involved in.
Like people wouldn't call Kaunas provincija
Are the baltics colder than scandinavia
The complicated part about the first stanza is not even really the "Deutschland über alles" / "Germany above everything" part although it does sound strange out of context, but the following "from river Maas to river Memel" part...
And buildings that are close to them in norther side, well lets just say majority of Vilnius citizens would love for those buildings to burn and fill the area with anything else
Add ex-soviet doctors on top and you get a paid free healthcare
I hope the violence finally ends
Any other details you can think of
Even though there are a lot of russians here, the anti-russian sentiment is prominent
[like this
Imagine a family with 4 kids, no car going to Palanga.
Vėdarai is traditional Lithuanian food too.
It's the same shape as on every map.
Mikalojus Konstantinas Čiurlionis (the most renowned Lithuanian painter and composer)
Soviets even spied on their own spies if they were on west side at least one
[Keistuolių teatras - Meilės Nėra] (There is no love)
Was opened at the beginning of this year in Spring I think
They're just too similar for what they mean, and mixing them up is too easy for the consequences it could have
It is most famous for its large sand dunes and colorful traditional fishing villages most famous one being [Nida] it coasts 20€ per car to enter the area, so needless to say it's not the most popular destination even among Lithuanians
Yes, we say 'Čekija' and I never understood the point of using the full name in this context
I am also talking about today's massive immigration, not enough money to buy stuff, not enough jobs and corruption therefore Lithuania's suicide rate is high.
There is always that one guy who talks shit on these kind of posts
USSR won ww2, so Russia is good and not fascist.
There's also nightingales
I'm not sure what they do
Parking front first also
I'd rather see the Grand Duchy
No, it is not the same
You can't live in two countries simultaneously
In Lithuania, we have no coal plants anymore.
So the new Lingua Franca is going to be French!
would be available to all, online, regardless of nationality or citizenship
Whats up with the Irish in last few years.
It was built against the Teutons...by the stonemason of the Teutonic order, hence the very obvious Teutonic Order style you can recognize in all of their castles across modern Poland, Lithuania and the Baltics, from wiki:
I really don’t give a shit about basketball(not even when our team is playing)
Turiu problemų su kasa
You know why anti-semitic propaganda was easily spread through Lithuania in 1941-1944?
Lithuanian language has these incredibly hated word accentuation rules, and VLKK are huge fans of them - they even give fines for people on TV who fail to accentuate words correctly
I'm hardly making plans I'm just stating my opinion on how this could possibly end up playing out.
There were some automatic ones but they were only available for the top of the elite.
Have you considered geography and urbanization rates?
Though I believe the idea should be clear - double standards are applied.
What
You killed me with that :D Never I have thought about that name like this.
Well, we did stop existing in 1795 and its government form was so much more different from modern lithuania.
Danke für den Kommentar
A bit ironic to go supporting the same people now, don't you think?
High suicide rate doesn't stop me from moving to another country, I'm just curious.
That's kind of interesting on its own right.
Would a Trojan horse be outside the realm of possibility ?
Now it's time for Belarus
Estonia and Lithuania - [local variety of garlic bread]
Before wide spread conquest you had pagan tribes that weren’t the best at recording their lives and activities
Going to Sweden in June, what should I buy
I can explain this easily - I got a massive addiction to LoL.
Finally
Because you felt some deep connection with a random dude in Spain?
Do you think you would be better without EU?
I love how you mentioned the edl but not the real issue
I had  a train ride only once in my life :/
Bulgarian Turks are mixture of Bektashis, Alevis and Sunni, yet same goes for all.
Are you from the Ukraine, Latvia, Lithuania or Estonia and very insecure about the future?
Same sound basically
Yeah Russian is more common as second language in city
Vietnam is in portugal
At this point our consumption is already killing the planet so it can't grow all the time
So many hit-or-miss repair services located in apartment block garages.
I live in potato land so I know that this is very accurate
And for the occasion of that photo, he decided to do his best Father Jack [impression.](
They are were Vikings and we were Land Vikings.
I mean, they’re all the same
Not really into polands politics but isn't like that duda guy evil
It's just that there was an other post on this sub, that clasified baltics as central europe, and many people (mostly others, not baltic people) disagreed, and said they think it was northern, so I thought it's a commond thing to think, but I guess not
Kūjis for big hammer sounds kind of cool(ū is oo in doom, j is y in yes, i as i in dim, so something like cooyis)
Slavs, not at all
Oh, seems to not work on Chrome.
Denmark - Danija
It's nice and calm this way
>  Teismas pažymi, kad asmuo turi teise i butinaja ginti
I'm perfectly fine with Poles, I have many of them as good friends, but sometimes when I go through sub-reddits, I see so many "modern Lithuania is just Samogitia"; "modern Lithuania is artificial nation, schizophrenic province of Poland" bs.
Rockstar isn't British
Copenhagen, Denmark
You can also see, that if you're wearing the mask under your nose, you have a small dick
Former Czecho-Slovakian Republic of Czechia
I think it really depends on the city.
TL;DR: Doubt it
So I wouldn't consider it a victory
Many people don't.
Sadly it is something you Kant avoid.
Winter coat
Of course there are plenty of censorship in Europe.
Explains alcohol consumption and suicide rates.
If I don't have a kid, the line ends with me.
Poland had millions of minorities, Jews, Lithuanians, Germans, Ukranians until
Now it is our turn to take matters in our hands.
I'd mostly be upset that Lidl is not interested in country-targeted advertising, but coming from a country where products are covered in Estonian, Lithuanian and Polish texts - I can deal with it.
We'll get through it
Everyone, even a well known person, can loose his citizenship (except the cases I've mentioned in my previous comment).
Also USB-C and USB micro are different
And Russia hasn't stopped attacking European countries for past 700 years.
but Lithuania does seem suspiciously high even then as they don't have too many Russians
One of many examples from Lithuania: [
Poland also paid stupidly high taxes to Vatican to get in their favour.
If it wouldn't be counted since "death of Jesus" it would be called something else
All 65 million of you just need to get off on the same side and start pushing
Good for them leaving, hopefully LT comes to its senses soon ...
Pretty much all of the most famous automatic rifles(AK, AR-15 and various others) are assault rifles
Look at my flair, look at the name, spell out the name, than look at my flair again.
Wow Lithuania looks so nice at summer.
The cost situation has nothing to with the migrant crisis.
Was Flynn the one being recorded or the Russians, which do you think is more likely?
In a regional Europe there would be many Ireland's and Lithuania's.
We also have a good opinion on the dictator that came after him, Antanas Smetona.
Wait is he saying that you can get a rifle without a license in Lithuania.
If you're curious, here's university's page that I've talked about:
Yup, people are still talking about it when they see it in some photo
Africa has [a particular style of flags] with lots of colours resembling the Lithuanian one, notably yellow and green together, that i find aestetically repulsive, bland and boring compared to [Lithuania's historic flag] Where did you see in a talk of flags anything related to people or races?
But how well do they currently poll?
No disputes that I know of, well perhaps Vilnius, but I doubt that even the Poles take that one seriously.
We don't finance it with VAT/income tax/whatever, it's a separate system that gets its revenue from the state-provided insurance premiums and nowhere else; and in cases where somebody really needs it to be free, it's free.
No, never the persons fault for being raped, however precautions can be taken to lower the likelihood of something happening
Both had effect with relationahip with Poland beacause they occupied Vilnius
You can
Is kur esi
I had a rare autoimmune disease a few years back so I couldn't walk (I'm fine now), so I believe I'd be dead then
Edit: I personally don't think these things and in my opinion they are absolutely outrageous
Also, Finno and Ugric are different branches of Finno-Ugric language group
In 1518, she became the second wife of Sigismund I the Old, the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania.
It takes even less time for prejudice.
Latvia and Lithuania don't claim to be Nordic countries.
Yeah, because that has a chance of happening.
Obviously Bing have a lot less search results than Google.
Pretty much no one here believes that the Earth is flat
Good thing I live in Lithuania
I did wonder how they were connected.
German, French, Russian can be quite an asset
Because people chose to
Rarely ever packages are left by the door (private houses), but even left by the door in an open view of anyone who would take interest to look, nobody has even walked in to my house territory
Why do you have this assumption that Latvians are poor?
I wonder what would have happened if Union of Kėdainiai were successful.
It is in same loop permanently
Only Lithuanians aged 30-34, though.
Should explain southeast of the country
Totally related to the topic
I guess Turkey having all the crazy stuff and Greece with Italy being full of migrants makes Spain the most desirable vacation place in the region.
Trust me if we didn't have to deal with Russia's ridiculous antics we wouldn't.
Hey, let's increase the taxes on booze, cigarettes and soft drinks.
There's a theory that Polish/Croatian/Hungarian King and Lithuanian Grand Duke Władysław didn't actually die in the battle of Varna but instead later sailed to America in 1492...
Legend says he earns more than a doctor in Lithuania.
I don't think getting attacked in public or private in Lithuania is likely either, but I've seen the pictures from January 13th, 1991
You're doomed to screw up if you do this
They use NATO with all it's American might.
They might try to use your country as fifth column
Lithuanians were oppressing Poles too, so did Poles on oppressing Lithuanians within their borders.
"The Soviets did nothing wrong, y'all".
This is stunning
* will our country be parliamentary or semi-presidential
I think the closest would be f. I heard Germans often substitue z instead of th
And it's a bit difficult to read too, since people don't really talk like they used to when this book was first written
And Slovak is said to be pretty central in the Slavic language family, so it's about as intelligible for Croats as it is to Russians, not to speak of Polish!
Thus his passport says Valdemar Tomaševski.
Melnas/Mėlynas
Communism in USSR was a dictatorship with another title.
It's a page from a book about rocketry, I believe it introduced the idea of a multi stage rocket.
Plenty of other Europeans as well.
When you get gravel in your shoes
The problem is that the people in charge benefit for not being so.
Tap water for sure, all of it is directly from springs
I lowkey feel ashamed of the Lithuanian-English Accent
They are by and large excellent people and are incredibly more welcoming than I know most Lithuanians would be if so many people stared migrating there on mass from the continent.
Nobody would give a shit if you were born in a hospital in Vilnius or somewhere in deep Alaskan permafrost (ok second one sounds a bit cool), as long as you grew up in here, who cares
Reason why we're happy it's because we use too many antidepressants
As the war gave birth to the soviet union and the nazi party
But the stores were completely empty.
Stories of witches burying cathedrals in sand to form large hills in the landscape
I'm like half "native", so not really.
There in Lithuania, it's service workers who are for working on Sundays.
Seems a bit impractical and uncomfortable to use though.
Just make the knight smaller, move it to a corner and boom
His picture was not published immediately.
I've heard that about Belgium, hehe
It's a super cool idea and it's a good thing to build them, I was even lucky enough to see a highway in Alberta full of these, but what I took away from it, is that building a strech of road long enough, for these to be effective is just too costly for the near future
Sexy butmedling scenes are also included
So it is not unreasonable to expect them to die within next 4 years.
I think Poland is a beautiful country and polish people massively enrich the United Kingdom.
It was my first film in cinema ever
Obviously you're not Slavs but considering you were under Russian occupation and considering the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth I can see how someone makes the argument that there is now some Slavic blood in you.
Every time a republican or a democrat candidate wins - there's a mass hysteria from either side.
Polish are hard working, honest people.
Sorry, but an average Lithuanian doesn't know about Kurds.
Sorry for being a bit out of loop.
Sometimes it even went to -30 but last year it wasnt even snowing idk whats gonna happen this year
I once went for a walk around the island (northern, eastern, southern corners) without a map.
Only when people start taking EU parliament seriously.
Can we switch to Lituania while we're at it?
Also, people who have Lithuanian descendants can apply for a Lithuanian passport and still keep theirs, there are more exceptions like that, when you can have dual citizenship, don't remember all of them thought
Forsai is not used these days at all
However I have indeed lost a tire in a pothole in the glorious town of Lomza.
AHAA in Tartu
Happy Saulėgrįža everyone
For comparison - it took me 5 years to learn completely fluent English, starting from nothing
I've been to ostrava and it was not great
I think you can also put the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth as a golden age too, but Lithuania itself didn't have as much power and authority in those times, there were disagreements in politics, which basically led to The three partitions
EU makes life more comfortable.
While he did start the personal union between the two states, and that was a very big mess, we still think of him as a pretty ok dude who was largely overshadowed by Vytautas
I asked around and my friends have confirmed that women don't share these stories
You enter the receivers parcel terminal address and their e-mail/phone number
It sound like as if she is re doing her English speaking exam again
Moneta(-os) mean specifically coin(-s) in Lithuanians.
And they are kinda one countries political figures so its kinda against united Europe?
Wait, how else do you say Ehre
But somehow today you're not allowed to just pick and choose a new word from some adjective or combination of other "real" words, etc
Secondly, this only applies to women, men usually keep the same surname all through the lifetime.
Even if all european countries did their part, the relocation mechanism would still not work, since all the migrants relocated to EE or SE would just move to Germany/Sweden.
With a population smaller than average European capital they managed to produce a one good athlete worth a medal award
The public is generally conservative/crony socialist (old commies).
Or even better ask them about ww1 and compare results..
Hell, 2000 years ago the Lithuanian language didn't even exist as a distinct entity
Well in Lithuania there is this instance, the houses speaker claiming to be good at English
It was a simplification, Estonia and on most part Lithuania and Poland also fought on Latvian side, plus some Russian Whites.
į - to somewhere
That's how they get you
\- Like they do in the Holy roman empire, Venice and Poland-Lithuania
The only good thing about this is probably that every time they are trying to change or ban something, everyone has a good laugh
And should not even speak about EU expansion when they are leaving.
Just a Disco song, I didn't want to post ᗅᗺᗷᗅ.
I.e. reverse Egypt ?
Couldn't find statistics of death indirectly caused by alcohol :/
The system you use still makes no sense.
No pub
The national standardizing agency, funded by the government.
Vilnius is piece of shit city full of poles, russians and gypsies.
It's just a tourist attraction / reality TV entertainment sort of thing.
Assembly (semi-automated or manual)
Maybe single words from a sentence, but these two languages are pretty different, from listening
Still, that term is closer to John Doe.
ANBO literally means - Antanas(name) want's to be in the air
Maybe clumps of its remnants, but definitely not whole
" or "Blet
There are much, much, much more Poles than Spaniards in the UK.
What they call houses is just an apartment with entrance straight from outside
Iceland vibing
Everything was fine and now the bloody Scots want to leave.."
Make sure to keep strong stance against imperialistic Russia, don't step your foot back, because they moment you do they will put theirs in that place
Yeah, but the problem is, when the Yugslavian refugee crisis was around, Russia was having 2 Chechen wars, several economic disasters, Yeltsin, olygarchisation and more.
close to 50/50
Notable individuals throught the centuries exist, but I can't think of anyone I'd call the "father of the nation"
Easteuro BMW drivers
Curd snack: that red square underneath the cat is a sweet snack made from curd cheese
Damn, welcome to the club, i guess
It mostly depends on the size of the engine, bigger ones brake more
Energy
Wait, so Ukrainians are basically the descendants of Cossacks and Turkic people who lived in the area along with some Poles/Lithuanians?
The new gen kids have no reason to speak Russian if they're from a Lithuanian family, so my parents just switched to Russian since everyone in USSR learned Russian
Funny how most of unfriendly countries are countries that were in their treaty of friendship, aka Warsaw pact
I guess you're right then, we have the same word with the same meaning in lithuanian
In 2050 there will be groups denying fossil fuel damage, like there are antivaxers now
I heard there are pubs/clubs that have tabletop game evenings, some might allow DnD
Yup, people are still talking about it when they see it in some photo
Mostly people do that there too
that could be a reason
Why would you hurt journalist though?
The record was 1 person per year, three years in a row
Self esteem and Ego are both called Ego
There were people in US and UK that were and still is against it.
Hello, my name John, pleasureful to acquaint
Later it turns kut that it was the british that actualy saw the target and it was behind you 300 meters out in thick bushes.
The belarussian president Aleksander Lukashenko (who is a president for arround 20 years) was sitting in his cabinet when sudenly a man came in and reported:
Oy, neighbor, wanna discuss Adomas Mickevičius/Adam Mickiewicz as well
With potencial for some sex ed :)
Yeah, the old ones are basically celebrities constantly giving out interviews form jail, the unjailed ones try to pass of as legit businessmen now, and the new ones are not yet caught and know better than to become household names
No we don't I just wrote colours that I would use if we used folders lmao
After this trip I don't buy into any of stereotypes before I check them myself.
Countryhumans + repost
That's pretty weird since we have our own rich pantheon of gods and myths.
However, if the flight path was around the war zone those lives would be saved
Plenty of reasons to not invest
Same for you my friend
Something that tourists know about..
Even though it defines the capital more than the whole country
Good times, right
Never knew this concert existed
Belarus/Ukraine
Some teachers use Moodle
Look at us, geting all big and mighty, then disappearing, then popping back into existence (in min-sized), then disappearing, then finally reappearing (min-sized+)
As a Lithuanian, I second this.
That's why every year we say [Takk, Ísland
But I'm not emailing the staff to ask about a boardgame group to play in : )
Our education system definitely needs more funding.
I've always though Lithuanians beleived in slavic pantheon
One can read more about this in a migration department's webpage:
Love from Lithuania
Lots of angry keyboard bashing, calling people butthurt and so on.
And lets point out again
That is the whole strategy of Tesla, going down and down until everyone has an EV.
> how this country should be called
Taking even part of it has no real value for Russia
Naivety
But you must remeber that for example Poland-Lithuania was a tolerant country and home for the biggest jewish community in Europe, while in Muscow they were expelled in 15th century.
It's quite popular
(I don't know who has more/better telescopes.)
Children can speak only Russian, but they don't do jobs where they have to communicate
Produpnik - CZ fiancée, PL professional ass
I feel offended when baltic states are not marked
Lithuania has lost like 25% of it's population in the last couple of decades.
Wear Communist and Nazi memorablia
VALVE, WHYYYYYYYYYYYY
We cared, but it's an internal issue, how are otjer countries supposed to do anything about it
Aww, our weird cousin from the north :)
From my rural experience, house hold cat is useless in pest control (other than cats killing stuff for fun).
Poland gets all the credit for beating Teutonic Knights, but without Lithuania and other helping countries they wouldn’t have done that
well Hungary is only 35th on suicide list on other hand Lithuania was first for many years :(
They would still speak to me in Catalan and refuse to speak Spanish
Come to glorious Lithuania instead.
Modern FYROM are just Slavs who pushed out Hellenic (Greeks), not even modern FYROM territory lay's on historical Macedonian Kingdom.
In Lithuania this costs around 15-20 eur
You northerners are weird, you talk differently, drive differently
(Probanly only ok in Russia anyways) and/or any russian propaganda really
Based eastern europe
Do you also use those things in the sauna?
Yeah, that's probably illegal in Europe
> The hip hip a hop, and you don't stop, a rock it
:Dd
Could you imagine that thing at night when no one is around
Well, that's basically all the countries in europe
Sevices got a price hike (haircut from 5,7€ to ~8€, pizza from 5,7€ to ~7,49€) And for wages, well I wasnt working back then, but even in last two years, my wage has doubled (Take into account that I started fresh and now have 2 years of experience)
Basketball without the US, Spain or Serbia
Yeah, but he's less known here
they used the Dock Ellis method
Yeah
More like a decent human being, that doesn't want to fight over bs.
Cars being a status symbol doesn't mean they offer you more freedom than a comprehensive public+private transport system
In this age of information, governments can monitor their subjects easier than ever before and in the coming decade, AI will be sophisticated enough to wade through all internet trafic flagging subjects of interest and automatically calling for a government sancioned hit on the "perpetrator".
Well if you are going to wake up at 7, that would be optimal time to go to sleep.
AHH so the Libyans copied you
Make Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth Again
We could make glorious Baltic Reich, very rich, stronk and blond.
As someone with a very common first name that often cause inconvenience when there's like 4 other girls in the room with the same name, I definitely wish rarer or unique names became more acceptable
They look and sound similar because they're cognates, meaning that they descend from a common source (in this case, Proto-Indo-European [\*dʰéǵʰōm] Since Baltic and Slavic languages probably had a common ancestor in [Proto-Balto-Slavic] these types of cognates are quite frequent
Most of us cannot grasp how can a country so inherently evil, being led by a band of 90s bandits can be thought of as neutral or good by western europeans
But your mother in this analogy is not starving.
I always, thought they're concidered part of the baltic, but I suppose it's subjective.
Being a liberal democracy is a prerequisite, and Turkey has destroyed all the track record it had in that department
I know it back to my great-grandparents, who were born in 1890s.
Yes, those names were very popular and are in top 10 most common Lithuanian male names overall list [source, pdf]
This one is still really surprising to me, knowing how international the country is
probably Ukraine
Most stores list the size in both inches and centimetres.
Smaller roads suck, but still not too bad
If I recall correctly there is also a page or two from section "Good to know" where authors mentioned some items for safe sex (condoms /birth control), but these types of pages are considered "off curriculum" so it's up to teacher to decide to teach or not
Yeah and especially that one of those sovereign, independent and propaganda-free, Russia-friendly countries is North Korea.
The former president is true enemy of the state
Kaunas mainly heavy industry and transportation:
I live in the capital, Vilnius
It looked too "communist" so we changed it
My school doesn’t have it
Ok, we need to climb the ranking
Their plans were very different from practical job they did in Lithuania, they killed only Slavs and Jews.
But he also lived in the west for some time.
Mindaugas - his parents forgot to change the default Lithuanian name after they made their baby.
Thank you for your time writing this and bringing such issues to attention
What's disappointing about that
No matter how distant it might be, that cathedral is one of the greatest and most beautiful buildings in the world, not to mention the amount of history that this building saw
Pretty much every building here has those, unless it's very old and unrenovated
Calling it the “oldest” IE language is a misnomer, its conservatives in these areas cannot be gainsaid, and probably does exceed that of all the other contemporary IE languages (although such things are not easily quantified)
Oh, yeah, Russian media keeps on screaming that January Events were Lithuanian inside job and that Nazi collaborators were behind Lithuanian nationalist movement
The Gediminas Castle
After 4 years of pedaling in London, the transition back to continental urban cycling took a week or two, but the whole time it somehow felt right.
and it should remain that, the political comments in the article I mentioned was from years ago, not the current entry :D
I sometimes feel bad about the sorry state of affairs in my country but then someone from Romania or the balkans reminds me it could be so much worse.
Well the chances of being raped walking through a park at night are higher than during the day time
It really frustrated me that PLC is rarely mentioned in European history but then I guess 'History is written by the victors'.
UK or Norway where a lot of migrants live - probably fine
Lithuanian YouTube is garbage, indeed
Kol mes čia kalbame, aš pranešu apie visą šitą šūdą savo slaptam šnipų tinklui, išsiraizgiusiam po visą Lietuvą, tavo IP jau dabar yra susekta, tai pasiruošk neregėtam pragarui, tu velnio subine.
Rain means you are better off with a van.
Remind me the Free Election
[[1]] In the whole year 2015, only 637 Lithuanians obtained work permit in Belarus[[2]] while 481 Belarussians obtained work permit in Lithuania.[[3]]
I guess Jonas Jonaitis in Greek would be Yonas Yonaitis?
For most Europeans any place that is not Italy/Spain/France/Germany, or their own country, is "a strange place to visit".
Barracks - repurposed for anything imaginable
Džon maid hs vei tu a tavern fru de dark forest onli tu faind out tat hi forgot te moni
Not only poland
You know there is gold stars blue flag here that stand not only for European Union but also for whole European continent.
Besides, you know what I mean
And don't forget the Dutch and Belgium
I am not sure about kindergarten or grades 1-4
Kazlauskas, literally lithuanian version of Kozlowski
Adding more flags would be cool, I mean they could add Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, Austria-Hungary etc.
Yet you dont show discontent, still afraid to say it out loud
We have "aitvaras", which means kite, but it derives from a lithuanian mythological being that goes by the same name
Two young women traveling to pretty remote places.
Just as a reminder, Lithuanians don't like Putin and are worried about Trump's rhetoric.
10^6 Milijonas
Dark side vs light side
That's pretty much it, after all that we move on to the cold war
Is Bialystok not an important city?
" when in reality no one really cares
Workers at a food processing facility near to my hometown were required to speak Lithuanian rather than English, as the cost required to provide them with language classes would have run into the hundreds of thousands.
I actually really want EU to succeed, but if we implement all ideas of the OP and create a country that's goal is world domination and to spread it's ideology to the rest of the world thinking that only we can be right, how are we different from the empires of the past?
But once there was an opportunity I was so used to carry everything in my backpack I just gave up the idea
Its just that different public figures want a proper football stadium, but can't agree how it should be built
I consider it more like a beer snack
I've always seen Serbia as a bully of the Balkans and everyone else as its victims, who don't get along among themselves for some reason.
I fucking wish
I visited one, and told that colleage, "Ich bin heute auf Vulkan gewesen".  He corrected me: "auf einem Vulkan".  Then I realised that in English I would not make that mistake, "I've been on **a** volcano", obviously
They are the norm here in Lithuania too
Finally, Estonia isn't first at something
I don't say that they have no biusness reporting on Germany's news.
Russia
I live in Punskas
"Electricity went out in my house, so domophone doesn't work, therefore I cannot get out"
I would say you WERE Germanized, but got your Czech pride back
Where else
Been living in an ethinically anti-national region for about 15 years in a private house, no fence and not once had my things stolen, even if my grill or bike stood in an open place for a week
The interesting thing is that Christmas (Kalėdos) in lithuania is by some still called "Saulėgrįža", which can be translated as "The return of the sun".
Any logic behind your naming system?
There's another slight hint of politics, it refers to the 2 main islands by their spanish names (but I can't be bothered to look up their english equivalents, or at least I'm assuming that "Soledada" and "Gran Malvėnas" aren't english)
I didn't see other people write it that way around me either
Because they're part of Anti-Western world.
brits were always wack
I think like Turkey thats never going to happen.
as everyone has the right to be disappointed, too, so what are you doing trying to undermine my disappointment
Can Swedes and Norwegians differentiate between each other's accents when speaking English?
The other one was prussia but they were annexed back in the 19th century
The recent firing papers had no explanations.
We also have kaukai which are little dwarves, or creatures that help people taking care of them
Why is that one district west of Panevėžys and south of the hill of crosses called "The Eastern Europe of Lithuania / Mel Gibson's nightmare"?
Nahhh
Oh no
All communist states are like this
I personally never use the Lithuanian wikipedia
Yup, same for all Baltic states
It's just their power is shittier.
Doing exercises near the border is one thing .Crossing with your exercises into other country's air territory is another
Well we do trust the EU more cause our government is shit
They have like breaks where they congregate for a chat and a smoke, dozens of guys dressed exactly the same way, scouting the crowd for easy marks
Book something in the old town of Vilnius, its not expensive
looks like the guy will turn to the dark side soon
My favourite is this one tough [pony] One of the oldest breeds in Europe, can endure lots of [crazy stuff]
Don't be overly protective of minorities to the point that you start censoring news reports about minority crimes, don't show pictures of two small Syrian kids on "We Must Help Refugees" posters when it is widely know that like 90% of the refugees are grown adult men.
Hey hey, it's saying it'll be 22°C in Odense tomorrow (07-16) so I'll be happy to take it over the 15-18° with rain every day :D
LATVIA WASN'T EVEN THE MOST PROSPEROUS OF THE SSR
Norway doesn't let people treat children like garbage
People mostly exclusively refer to Russian government hate
by the will of the citizens of the reborn State of Lithuania, adopts and proclaims this
Duda is hardcore liberal compared to Erdogan
Kölsch, Lithuanian and Potawomi languages are the only ones using the letter "ė".
Bad behavior in sauna and that Lithuania is somehow related to russia is the same here
Well when you walk outside you are litteraly getting freeze-dried.
I've never heard of anyone having AC at home here, but it's used in malls, supermarkets and buses.
One step forward, two hundred steps back
The russian mentality, the language, the folklore are so different, that I think the norse origins were tainted over the 1000 years of slavic influence and I can see why Russians wouldn't like to be called "originally norse". Doesn't change the fact that it's super cool and interesting history
Even to this day they still release new expansions, last one being ISIS DLC.
Why the fuck are we (Lithuanians, also Estonians and Latvians) showed as part of USSR?
i am talking about experts, not russophobics.
* Vytautas
How does Lithuania get 3x-5x more than the rest of the baltics?
Note: most gun owners and enthusiasts military and police personel, former or still active
The LGF (Lietuvos Ginklų Fondas - Lithuanian Weaponry Fund) was closed/reorganized in 2020
Only some Lithuanian Grand Dukes had claimed that they are of Roman descent
Yeah, just not in Europe
there's probably way more tho
I guess I could point out three
Fashion-electronic/Avantgarde: Einius & Beissoul - Kaip tu ir sakei; literally all their songs, but the taste is aquired
[There's a whole whopping number of at least **FOUR** in Lithuania]
2 - du,
I’m Lithuanian
This is why I hate maps like these
who cares
This is done because a lot of Lithuanians like to invest primarily to real estate, so a lot of realtors are now building projects just for them
Where's Katedros Aikštė? Where's the view over Laisvės Alėja
You should remember your history before spouting such nonsense.
but living in Vilnius and after trying hesburger once i do my best to keep out of that place
As a joke, I have written another good friend of us in Lithuania, that it was pretty bad here (it wasn't)
Yeah but I think UK and Sweden just said no and thats it?
Old people care less about being naked.
Everything just sounds wrong in lithuanian
Why would anyone stay in Romania then they can have a higher quality of life working a comparable job in Germany or Ireland?
Translation is shit most of the time and normal sounding things in English sound like some wizard spell in Lithuanian
For example a drunk person might be a bit to loud, but being a bit to loud is not illegal
Picture composed from male athletes has short hair, shocker!
Google translated it as st
Erika slaps hard tho
Not have it have to deal with the Soviet occupation, so the quality of life wasn't set back so far compared to the west.
I live next to several universities and lots of student dorms, so I see Erasmus students quite often.
Poland-Lithuania ;)
I guess you would like North Korean type of border control or what?
Obviously some level of tolerance is necessary, but I sure as hell do not understand how the word racist, homophobe, bigot is thrown around for even the smallest jokes.
Did I missed when Lithuania invaded Israel?
Decades of continuing the same shitty model have done their work.
It's probably just a word from my dialect, but it is a word nontheless
The temperature is arround 5 C° at day time and 0 C° at night
Tell me how you are suffering
When in the medieval times (around 1430) the Duchy was the largest state in Europe reaching from the Baltic sea to the Black sea
We still have random                - 30C for at least a whole month in winter with so much snow you can barely walk or drive somewhere
[You need this card to get discounts in Lithuania.] I would imagine it applies to other countries in Europe too.
I'd support OP being banned from traveling to Europe though.
well Estonia is more neighbors with Finland and we're neighbors with latvia
One, don't really care about them, I'm more of a nature guy
On one hand I am computer savy, but my other skills are lacking, skills that other people would regard as basic information
The Grand Duke of the time slept on the hill and dreamed an Iron wolf that should protect the city
2010-2012 export blockades that caused 8 hour queue at borders of russia & belarus, making 4 hour checks per truck
Stouts, Porters - intense ones
Eggs - yes, milk - most people do, but not my family (seriously, why does my family keep milk in the fucking *basement*?)
I've seen plenty of american racist talking about fighting against white genocide.
Maybe we should also forget Stalin crimes or better, Hitler's, they're dead after all so who cares.
Its cool
Until they realized who occupied them again
> The hippie to the hippie
Some people wont' tell you, some won't shut up bout it
No **POLAND** ^^^^lithuania commonwealth
What about summer time when everyone gets dark tan, can you separate them by looks then?
Most people don't bother with it.
They googled "How to swear in Lithuanian". Google thought he wanted to know what is "to swear" in Lithuanian from that query
Danes follow rules a lot
You couldn't just fire a person and leave him jobless, and if he is giving you too much trouble the only fool-proof way of getting rid of him is giving him a raise, he then becomes some else's problem.
Why would someone want to visit France
Original, pure lithuanian surnames dating back to 1000s A.D. end with -a, e.g. Gedvila, Radvila etc
Spread the cheese, basically one kid would be chosen to either sit or lay down, then everyone jumped up on him to basically spread the cheese, it was a pretty dangerous game now that I think about it
Dodged a bullet
Džon meid his vei tu e tevern fru de dark forest, onli tu faind aut dad hi forgot de moni
Estonia and Latvia had a German upper class for about 700 years, while Lithuania didn't.
Just lock Waldemar Tomaszewski in basement and we're set for second PLC.
They're really cool and have that 80's vibe
Do I really need to start sharing emigration figures
N. M. gindamasis nuo pavojingo kesinimosi neperženge butinosios ginties ribu, todel, remianti BK 28 str
Being from Lithuanian decent, I wish I knew more about my background.
So far we plan to drive to Dusseldorf(to relatives) but its just a preliminary destination which can be changed easily.
Norway
That's illegal in here, unless you are drinking in an establishment that serves alcohol
Courts have ways of dealing with it, it doesn't just mean witnesses have no value
We’re number one or two in per capita alcohol consumption annually too
Would it affect the cultural change, if they returned, not went back, after living a few hundred years in europe
Makes sense if the barcodes match
But then our simulations are so advanced at this point I don't see why it would be a complete flop.
Living in NY now
This is some Blade Runner type shit in the making
It is completely acceptable, to take the remains of restaurant food
"Everyone I disagree with is a shill"
Poles, Russians, Lithuanians, Romanians, even a few Hungarians.
Well, if a dumpling is just dough wrapped around a filling, then our “Kibinai” should be good
We already learned it the hard way by allowing them to have Soviet troops in Lithuania, after which they just straight up annexed us
Do most people in Ukraine speak Ukrainian or Russian
So like "Will knee us". You have to say i a bit softer
Putin (a.k.a Huilo) is a state-scale terrorist
*a little*
Have seen it mentioned here but kvass, such a good and delicious drink
Gigafactory 1 is supposed to double the world production of batteries once it's complete.
While I'm quite disgusted at those posters and the message they entail.
Ah yes
Buying bullets is also registered i think
(I promise it's not a rickroll)
We don't sing it for obvious reasons and I doubt many even remember it, but [this masterpiece exists
Also -
After that day I think very highly of Georgians and I am even planning to visit their's beautiful country some time in the future.
Lithuania:
They are "tutejšiai" or tutejszy, тутэйшыя, which means "native ones".
Poland has my respect for being one of those countries in the EU that didn't go full on left
"Ačiū tau, Islandija / Takk, Island" is a traditional event in my city (For example: [2012] [2014] [2015] We also have [Island street]
The way we view money will need to change if we want to reduce consumption, of course I don't expect it to change
Even though it defines the capital more than the whole country
Dam Russians, first they take our lands then our independence and now this
Not sure what does numbers mean but I think we are winning?
Zīrga gālva
5 minute run to the shops, like 10c is fine
Džiaugiuosi, kad radot namus Lietuvoje
As a Lithuanian I can confirm that the president is much more scarier to fight than any bodyguard
Nah, they just get drunk and then pee everywhere
We were occupied by the germans at the time in 1918.
If undermining the sovereignity of a shitty aggresive dictatorship is nescessary to prevent my or my neighboring country from getting atacked I am completely fine with that.
Now it's been sitting like this for quite a while
I agree with [Gediminas tower] more so defining the capital
I ask because my Grandma was supposed to teach me the language, but sadly suffers from dimentia now, and I'd like to look into that language
Why do you even bother to post on this subbredit if you're eternally against any dialogue with either country, and given your attitude, probably have minor gripes of one kind or another with all the other European nations.
They want to create either a state monopoly or go towards prohibition level of stuff.
It'll be easier to memorize words that you use often and will help learn verb conjugation
[14] The Soviets were impressed with the weapon and immediately set about developing an intermediate caliber fully automatic rifle of their own,[10][11] to replace the PPSh-41 submachine guns and outdated Mosin–Nagant bolt-action rifles that armed most of the Soviet Army
I admit that I don't know too much about Scottish goverment in UK, but I don't believe that they have a current goverment that could easily govern on its own at the moment, a lot of things would have to be negotiated between Scots and UK (or what is left of it) for Scotland to even start negotiating with EU.
I think german accent is easy to understand for other europeans
German army battles 'fake news' of rape reports in Lithuania
* Sovet putsch and emerging of Yeltsin
For example in Lithuania, communist party is banned altogether.
Not anymore
My parents who were born in 1960's told me all their "joys" at that time, so please, stop putting your head in Soviet ass, you're making clown out of yourself.
I like the german term maschinenpistole a lot better, which is descriptive, because a submachine gun is a gun that is capable of shooting pistol caliber bullets in full auto
Stalin or Żeligowski
For example scandinavia, eastern europe, germans, dutch, french, spanish, itallians, greeks, balkans, rus (russia, ukraine, belarus)
To my mind, it should be the opposite - only those who have some profession or can do "valuable" things with their hands will come to the UK from those countries otherwise they would not "survive" there.
The apendix
As a Lithuanian, I find this very funny, thank you
> Tbh as someone who's 18 I don't really understand how someone similar age to me could be so incompetent with computers as people on this thread are describing
Whees the ŚÍ poster
Last year we had a funny marketing campaign [for Lexus in Lithuania] *Fuck exterior.
The Soviets didn't care and either crushed people with tanks/shot at completely unarmed people just to get through
I saw it posted not even an hour after it happened
(or just going to Lithuanian border illegally crossing the border and visiting my grandmother cause she lives right by the border)
Also, the low average class size is indicative of a problem
Holy shit didnt know that
Lithuania bought some units of PzH 2000's recently, and I've seen some pictures of it in action, but I am not sure.
Yes, but as price increase wasn't uniform, people just point out prices that did increase and ignore everything else, also when it comes to local markets over last 2 years it looks almost like a 1 to 1 conversion, what was once 1 litas is often now 1 euro, so while statistics look good (note that super markets in Lithuania were quite strictly pressed to keep their prices and there was and still is lot of control over that) on the ground actual situation is a bit different, hence negativity.
Most people here are paractical and own estate cars or suv
Right of way
Wandering around in weird locations is my favorite sport!
Previous government passed a law that'd allow for freezing unlimited number of embryos, peasants ain't having any of it because "it's life".
Is there a dish or a snack you would recommend me?
Normal
Its a memoirs book about author's time in Nazi concentration camp
Their crime rates are extraordinarily low, certainly lower than anywhere in North America or Western Europe, or Poland, Lithuania, or Estonia.
sky is bright blue, the sun is out
It sounds like I would fit right in.
Dick move Norway
I don't know if its a big order or not (anyone has experience in textile industry?), but it still does employ people, so creates jobs and so on.
And we hate Easter Europe tag given to us, thats why we argue.
Is it really that hard to digest that some countries are free from misbehaviours present in your country?
Milk and pastries
Part of produce expired and had to be disposed
How is the flow of the war even relevant here
I would say the News channel, ( LRT, TV3, LNK ) do cover US often,but mostly if there's important things like: Californian fires and Protests
Preservative (prezervatyvas) means condom in Lithuania
3% compared to ~25% (current day)
The song is literally called "we didn't have a song" and the band is called "Solo Group". It's so good that the first tike I heard it I listened to it five times in a row
The 80% win they keep shouting about had no turnout, only supporters came to actually vote, that referendum is useless.
I have never been to Lithuania, but in 2014 I had the pleasure of visiting Latvia and Estonia.
My conversations in English tend to have quite a few puns, dad jokes
I don't think there is one ultimate dish though
Here are [my proposals] for the "Lithuanian flag nobody asked for contest 2017"
Look, nobility were 10% of our society at the time, many of them were not western slavs, a lot of them were polonized Lithuanians/Belarussians/Ruthenians(Ukrainians) but they being somehow related to Sarmatians was just myth, fashion.
I really dislike our [anthem
(same scenario as brexit, Trump and so on.
Because people think I’m putting the whole blame on the pilots, which I am not
14 deaths and a few hundred severe injuries later, they ended up taking it over
This is likely the reason why most immigrants to our country are russians
I used to work in one, it was indeed fun reading the standards for third-grade pasteurized sludge
"Nature calls me"
Probably you should mention that you can achieve this speed only connected via wire
For our hearts and mental health
Even if it dies it will eventually come back to life.
I know Samogitian (technically a dialect, but also has a collection of people who want it to be classified as a language) and the Samogitian wiki is really oddly political sometimes, for example the entry about the falklands basically used to say that it's rightful argentinian land under British occupation, even uses the Spanish name for the island
General consensus, unwritten rules, maybe life guards and you can jog through that area as long as you run across the coast, again, general consensus, nobody bats an eye about it, maybe a few, exceptions like always
I'm fine with all three nations sharing him
Nu uh
Well
Nah, most people are thinking of the old ones :)
Dunno why this gets any appreciation, as far as stencyled grafittis go this isn't even that impressive
I don't know any Lithuanian ones, but I love the Danish one, where it's legal to hit a Swede with stick if they're waking over ice :D
Never heard that one to be honest
Welp,
It's so heartwarming to see everyone congratulating us \^^
Unfortunately for Russia, Merkel, unlike Putin, does not control what the media says.
appropriate cycling paths (i'm looking at you, the Netherlands or Denmark)
Overall, school lasted about 7 hours from 7:15 to 2:15PM
I am not questioning the Polish language influence over the state but just saying that Polish kingdom != PLC and at the same time Grand Duchy of Lithuania !=PLC.
... 1917
Doesn't have to be responsible to fan the flames.
Better get one of the limited ones for affordable prices.
I've lost interest in basketball a long time ago
I just can't tell the difference between the dark ones
On my trip to canada (which I assume is culturally somewhat similiar to america), I noticed that lots of people there, wear sports clothes on a daily basis, while in general, in europe these clothes are not as frequent
Unfortunately, it is the duty of the voters to take caution to these things.
Also there are a lot of rescrictions for where you can smoke
It's a dark comedy about life in a nazi concentration camp
Czechia isn't really a shortening
Police can't be everywhere and at anytime.
Note that I don't support Putin's actions, just a general comment on politics
They're pretty common
He was from Pakistan but that could mean anything, obviously.
Both Whites and Reds were our enemies.
I'm not saying they will be bought or sold or conquered.
The language that is considered to be a dialect of standart Lithuanian but still is different enough to be called a separate language.
Can't you just be French for a moment and have some rotation around one center point?
Before internet became so accessible kids learned stuff from magazines, now they just Google stuff
My biggest problem with my accent is lack of clarity, I've learnt to speak slower than usual just to sound clearer and not to skip so many words
can you elaborate on this, how Lithuanians see this today?
East Europe has this most probably
000,99 € or 2 000,99 €.
Second grade
Personally I don't really know much about him but would call him Polish Lithuanian just because he was born here aka a Polish from Lithuania
Something simillar with President Brazauskas and Latvians happened in 1990s here
Now both irl and in minecraft ill have to go far away to find pretty landscapes :( Lithuania looks FLAT
There are still strong pagan traditions in here.
What I'm missing in the source article is any statical correlation between lithium levels and suicide rates.
Trump impersonaton could have been done better, but not toooo bad.
Atmostas Baltija
Usually only in a comedic sense
Wouldn't be america if they didn't mess up European names
Can enforce it, but there will still have to be someone working at the time you don't.
Sorry
Ne Vilniuj gyvenu
So Latvian changed more than Lithuanian?
[Tadas Kosciuška] He interests me as a personality.
Why
Studentas
First of all, a Lithuanian dog says "au" (stress on "u").
If that's what Scotland wants then we will fully support you
Since you have to learn 3 languages the whole school years you go
You won't, unless Greece cuts their pensioners' incomes onto same level.
I wonder if it has something to do with the fact that it has Lithuanian flag inside it
They are flatter than that swamp they call a country.
I was under the impression that Lithuanians drink a lot more than at least Finns do.
I'm learing German, and I was was in Poland on a business trip with a German colleage
I don't think sounds are part of the accent, but due to lack of training/learning the other language
Yeah but they filmed in Vilnius, lithuanias capital, which is cool but then you realize that not much changed since the disaster
By the time I came in, she was talking to this tan, kind of southern european/middle eastern looking girl
From french actually, lingua Franca and all that.
Sweden isn't going to start bombing Lithuania if the tanks roll in.
Here in Lithuania, while riding public transportation, there are moments when the bus is completely full and everyone is absolutely silent, it seriously feels uncanny
And USA has managed to avoid that for the past 200 years.
Latvia and Lithuania better increase their spending then.
they only started one, pretty shit record
Der er fantastisk
It's worse in winter, when "zero degrees" means completely different conditions, but it's not obviously apparent which scale it is in, the way it is with summer/indoors temperatures
Also all capitalists are exactly like slave owners"
Women aren't dumber than men
[English] the variety in accents alone is breathtaking
Come you must admit you would like to eat ice cream right now.
Here in Lithuania we usually have the cold version, though.
Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania aren't V4.
What is bizzare is that I never heard in Lithuania "It's like Chinese to me", so I googled, and the only usage of the phrase is in various dictionaries
Lithuania: Kontrolierė - Kūjeliai
looks like it could be from PIE -wer, meaning woodland animal
Well we sort of existed before 1918 so I guess we don't quite count, but I'll tell you anyway.
By eastern Europe I mean the post-communist states (that includes you Eesti)
I would like to see their analysis methodology
I wonder how map would look like with non-govermental debt to gdp ratio.
I'm friends with some real Jesus freaks (spend vacations in monasteries, get mad about "blasphemy" in conversation like) and even they would never say grace outside of a religious holiday.
Did they return
Nobody has enough money to let everyone withdraw/transfer them.
"Pretty good run"
As much as 18% of the state budget is spent on education, but still last November school teachers went on strike over pay reform
I wish we had a program like that here
In fact, the trade went so far, that baltic amber jewlery has been found in the middle east, and middle eastern jewlery has been found in lithuania
Drifters have pretty interesting concept, pretty decent animation and fun action scenes.
This is the first time i hear about this, so I looked up for more info.
Yeah I also knew about this, which is insane.
Why do you think it's just Poles and not Eastern Europeans in general?
Yellow
you means us and Latvians or just us, cuz both are accurate
Contemporary Republic of Lithuania was established not in 1990, but on 16th February, 1918
We need to impose tariffs on the imports of cheap humor from the US.
Apparently, lots of foreigners laugh at our language for using -as as an ending to most masculine words, which I don't really get.
Lithuanian(for obvious reasons), English, Russian, basic level of Japanese and French(trying to improve on this one).
But truth be told, my biggest caffeine intakes are during dark months because I can't get up without light, so I usually: drink 3+ cups of coffee and work with all the lights on
Now gib Suvalki
I think that if you fight (peacefully as long as possible) for what you believe is right and dont cause problem for the others (unlike most protests in US atm), you are a good person
not even a bush
in lithuanian you can also say dėkui.i heard that ačiū could be shortening of atjaučiu(i feel you out, or something like that)
In English
It ends with equality between the third world and the first
They should not be branched together.
Plenty of reasons to not invest
with impact, indexed in respected databases, etc.).
I love Lithuanian music...one of my best friends here in Ireland is from Lithuania, but he isn't interested in folk sadly :(
Even though we have "sz" in our alphabet we write "š" because thats the sound "sz" would make so overall the pronunciation of the name remains the same.
Russians about how they drink alot
It is sad that Russian has rolled into another cycle of authoriatrian rule
Costs about 6 eur per 1 building level required to lift up, delivery itself is free
Has any of you even tried being corrupt MP?
Majority of people living in Šalčininkai region consider themselves to be polish
[Kibinai] i'd say is the most popular food to grab as a quick bite
Interesting to see common history paintings that are not showing battles
Baltic=Nordic
There is one in most countries.
The joke is that these are the most popular names for people born in 2016
Leyla, Athena, Cassandra, Mark, Nyx
Ehm, curious about your username.
[Same here] but it's a dire minority of people, just as in Lithuania.
Ovidijus Vyšniauskas made a beautiful song but the judges had the audacity to place him dead last
> Again, which millionaires are moving to Lithuania
It's just some representors of very local population whose identity is not really that stable.
While language wise we are brothers with Lithuania, culturally we are closer to Estonia.
Americans: Sorry, I only understand guns per eagle reservoirs
can you provide names for uhmmm investigative purposes
thanks :)
Before, it was simply the coat of arms in a red background
Lithuanian civilians fearing Russian attack train for worst
New Orleans
But you said litteraly
I went to high school in the US
Slave Isaura confirms
Also when the american news segment comes, it is short and most often covered last
But there is far more pressure.
But subsidizing fossil fuels is counter intuitive if fossil fuels are cheaper.
TIL
The place is void of business, people often dont like tidying up their land so most houses and their land looks awful (why put effort to make "foreign" land look good
Amazing, I really like it
- Put in prison
Love the illustrations in the manual!
Sweden vs Denmark-Norway, Saxony-Poland-Lithuania, and Russia.
Hague Court: Russia's claims about weapons unearthed from Donbas mines
We have given rights to ethnic minorities for literally HUNDREDS of years, from ethnic Tatars, to Kairaims (who were basically given their own town, land, and titles hundreds of years ago), to Jews, who were given the full rights underMagdeburg laws, and who never had problems with Lithuanians (only Russians in the late 19thC), and some thing that happened as the Nazis came to town and started handing out "status".
Would you say there are Swedish-speakers in Finland who cannot speak Finnish at all
Can't tell if this is a far right or far left troll
Lipka Tatars in former Commonwealth (Poland, Lithuania and Belarus) have a population of 10 - 15 thousands.
Ahhhhh has everyone seen the [King Edward chair] Such an amazing accomplishment
Because clearly Germans are not Mongols
And then the sun goes down and what do we do?
[Cepelinai] I feel like a stereotype.
Mostly because of translations problems I guess.
Before Poland-Lithuania was repeatedly partitioned after fighting [a bunch of debilitating wars against basically all of its eighbors and Sweden] its people had [much greater religious freedom than most of Europe at the time] (which was undergoing frequent wars and genocides over religious differences).
* Re-introduction of military draft
Same as in German
Pretty much the only difference is that you in most cases only lowest officials were elected, and now you pay something like 40% of your income in tax while in the middle ages you paid 10-20%.
- Did you find out why he goes to Birutė? Mhm
Other than that, only two come in mind, the TV tower and Trakai castle (have fun, this one's an actual castle
You can find some forums with last posts dating years back
Also most lithuanian
Fried bread with cheese
One could be Polish and Lithuanian at the same time.
That's when we'll know we've become a tourist destination
Billboards, advertisements - EVERYWHERE
Upon boarding you need to write 3 symbols bus number and show the app to the driver
Oh, I can get behind that in general, but why are forces needed "especially in Germany"?
Honest question - have you ever been to a trial or read witness depositions
And the difference with int and float is how they are stored in binary code)
Given the size difference
Just to add to what you're saying, radiation has not been a big issue for a while there, it's just the contaminated shit laying around everywhere.
Western Russia, west of the Ural mountains where their main cities are is what I consider European Russia.
While Stanisław is the Polish version.
if we'd cut Bulgaria, Romania, Lithuania, Latvia and Slovakia out of the EU we'd actually have pretty much the same disparity US does..
Very diverse
Mom (you could add "or" in here but the sentence doesnt support it) am i your child
I don't know Polish either, but I know some people happen to talk bs.
Oh yes
Why
Whitehorn's Mill, definitely
Man yra malonu susipažinti
Lol, breaking news, illegal stuff gives you lots of money
It's a myth that when they were drawing  Lithuania's map,  Stalin's pipe was lying on what is now the appendix and nobody dared to relocate it, so they drew the map with it
The symbol of Vilnius and the only remaining part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania Castle of Gediminas
When did this start
No, we don't wish bad for you
Probably the last word I expected to see in the Oxford dictionary.
Original - taste of anise, pepper, ginger, muscat
Fun fact about the name Audra - when it's a given name, it changes inflection
I always used the regular line as I got my first biometric ID just half a year ago.
That sort of thing tends to slow everything down.
* ¿Donde están los brics de sangría a un euro
Impostor/pretender is "apsimetelis".
And they make slaves of themselves who're ready to serve the men?
We were, with [this]ław_August_Poniatowski) retard as a King of Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Keep gobbling PiS propaganda lol.
They just started, the main roads got the first treatment obviously.
I would argue that we have the opposite problem
Well Lithuania was and is a shithole so nothing interesting happend here, only drama about the most stupid things in our government
Yeah, maybe you can traverse the country by bike, but what's the point, if you won't see any nature
> The Latvian lat was more expensive than the Euro, so everything seemed more expensive at the start
Surreeaaaal
When we returned to the hotel and turned on the TV, it turned out that the 2016 Bastille day attack occured in Nice at the same time
Maybe the Brits colonised a quarter of the world because they were bad at geography
Passport is a symbol of sovereignity, EU is not a country and EU citizenship is only complimentary to national one
And of course the hilarious story of 80 soldiers that they sent   to the  Austro-Prussian war and were back with 81 lol
What is funniest, this seem to come from rather reputable people, not just total nutcases...
I don't see pizza, gnocchi, spaghetti and penne next to each other all cooked like they're meant to me
The Middle East does though
Petition to rename America to Erica
Do you have any place to download it from, that would make sure it's not compressed down, as I'm guessing that Reddit compresses the pictures
I'd like to search and find out more
To enter the place you need a passport, customs sometimes check for contraband
Your nobles did pursue as much influence as possible.
Front pages on the news, basketball players are giving speeches at public events, they're in ads, the city councils are donating tons of money to the teams, they're like national heroes or some shit
I find one "club" that has opening hours of 3hr once a week with the last post being a year old about them selling off their whole stock
Happy Independence day from Russia
Uhhh, Russia
If it's packaged it's most likely the packaging gas that stinks, not the meat.
I have no clue why everyone's doing that, but still, here you go, Lithuania's second largest city - Kaunas, enjoy!
Ačiū bralukas
If it's alcoholism, I think us Lithuanians are somewhere up there as well
* Free sentence word order, you can make it whatever you want it to be or to emphasise some words
(EU Anthem starts playing in background)
However, im sure here you can never lock your house and nobody will bother to check or rob you (private house at least)
Cat in Latvian, shit in Lithuanian
For example: "Teutonai puola pilį" - "Teutons are attacking the castle".
Speak positively about Soviet Union, Communism or tell that 'Soviets liberated Lithuania'.
In general Lithuanian grammar is way more structured in spelling then english
If you want someone dead, you do it in the most effective way possible.
What is living in a bilingual country like
Oh yes they would
one half cow one half girl, you decide which
(In Lithuanian it's either formal way to talk to a superior or means plural people)
Ayy, nice edge bro, could cut steel beams with it.
From my experience (Lithuanian here), I can easily tell Russian-English accent apart from ours
It is kinda annoying that other people try to project their nationalistic view on others.
It's a great book
But I would say - no, they are not mutually intelligible.
Wow, didn't know they were from Ukraine!
Lithuanians don't really stereotype people, but people from Vilnius are like more entitled
There are like 10000 places in Europe more deserving to be separately marked.
None
If they want to put pro Russian by force, they will have to stay there to enforce, ergo occupation, ergo no buffer
Maybe they will get some electric buses like Palanga
of Lithuania and more generally Baltic tribes
Didn't happen in the last few years, but it might happen again and it might get colder than ever during some future winters
Personally witnessed at least 5 such cases where children from poor alcoholic families made it out to be upper mid class
In general, greeks are the most chill people ive met
Could be used as both I guess
If I drive somewhere from door to door I might not wear extra layers, just jeans, t-shirt, hoodie, scarf and a coat, but it's one of those long warm puffer coats, with feathers inside
I never had a civir conversation with Lithuanian on reddit
We unlike Lithuania also had conscription even before what happened in Ukraine, so that's nothing new here.
A free society is predicated on its ability to reject attempts to reduce freedom.
But I assume this meeting will more be about 2 speed EU and we don't really oppose EU right now to be placed in second tear.
This is fucking crazy
Politicians from Baltics so often scream that Russia could attack at any moment and ruin the countries when the emigration is in final stages of ruining all 3 Baltic state forever.
If they're tall and pale, they're probably germanic, baltic or from the more northern slavic nations
Finland is not real
First in covid
Sounds like these came from russians
Maybe want to try even more exotic alcohol here in the south?
Wouldn't change :(
Functioning of goverment: 5,71 Ayyyy Well done LSDB wank jobs, how on earth did you manage to score even 5 without doing absolutely anything
It is a concept that is connected entirely with the anglosphere here.
So many coffins with engines on the street.
Even AI knows the meaning these days
And maybe a few instances of snow falling and melting instantly
They arent that heavy tho, my country has the same
Recently few people say they want to start killing criminals again, but most of them are undereducated people driven by physical instincts rather than calculated thoughts
As there were lots of militsiya, I thought that I can easily run into a problem, however, nothing terrible happened
Let's use reconstructed Old (baltic) Prussian!
With all due respect I don't think the UK would be able to return even if it wanted to for the foreseeable future
Joining military: 18, may be involuntary
If there are no pipelines people use these gas "containers" (do not know how exactly it is called in english)
Only like 100k people in the world speak it
Apparently idea of milk in bag is crazy for rest of the west world (exept Canada)
I wish they were still there :<
Source: Lithuania
I would even be happy
I'm surprised it's not the muslims or  jews who threw a fit about the pig
We have 10 official counties, most of similar size.
There are many Polish-Lithuanian projects going on and I'm sure as hell that our cooperation won't get any worse, only for better.
He also opened Vilnius University in 1579, the first one in Lithuania
The trade sanctions are on specific goods and services.
A club here seems to exist, but the last post was a year ago about selling their whole stock, so it's not very promising
I celebrated a birthday of my friend who studies in Cambridge, another day I walked \~20 km through London and got soaked by rain in the evening
Well to be fair, from my short one-week visit, Italian women seemed very resistant to aging
What makes you think that there are no ethnic Lithuanians capable of googling it up and making up fake "propaganda" leaflet?
Lithuania is like a peanut in size man
The phrase you're looking for is not insane
&#x200B;
Being able to buy a box of these delicious Pączki for mere cents was a god send
Come to Lithuania
Maldininkas- pray saying, men
For example, take the longest Lithuanian word "Nebeprisikiškiakopūsteliaudavome".
There's a SHITTON of balto-slavic monsters, and not even half of them are in the witcher, although some of them are mentioned
Although I agree with most of what you listed I will note this:
Don't mind them
When it comes to poland I have kind of love-hate relationship with it
Another 10% was Jewish, 65% Polish and the rest was Ruthenian (Slavic).
Really
We have Top-Shop which always advertises it's products on 10 minute long commercials
It's been under construction as long as I remember
Of course, this doesn't work if the topic is a specific cultural, geographical or historical thing, then English wiki is way better
You mean the strangled chicken?
It's good to have an all-wheel drive car, and mine is only 2-wheel (I hope I'm using the right terminology), so I get stuck navigating apartment building parking lots sometimes and have to be pushed
NATO: Russia targeted German army with fake news campaign in Lithuania
I do agree that he (zhir) is a "professional" and has been doing this political show for a long time.
What classes did you attend
Literally as long as helping you benefits me more than not doing anything, I will help you
Lithuania, just like Latvia and Estonia are Eastern European.
Freaking lowlands are higher than us :D
There are interesting rock formations in the Chełmy landscape park, basalt rocks that are just sticking out there in rolling hills, pretty far from any mountains
And what's worse - it's our pricks in Seimas that are lagging behind...
None of these are used anymore except for maybe sometimes Uolektis
Home Alone and Harry Potter are staple movie franchises for Christmas
Kievians probably, but if Rusins?
Foreign media needs to calm down a bit.
Not  a single shot was fired while beeing occupied by ussr
Happy independence day, Lithuania!
Germans and Americans are fat
"N-Not true communism
Šakotis: bottom shelf
Slavs, not at all
Either 2009 and I would become bitcoin billionaire, or 3-5 decades to the future, when Lithuania will be more developed
I understand it doesnt snow in UK and they really have warm winters lately, where its just rain, but cmon
His father served in Imperial Army during WWI, so it wasn't a shocking thing in this area.
"Duok Durniui Kelią" = "Give The Fool His Way"
It sounds super complicated
In all documents abroad my name is changed to local version, removing "ė" and turning it into "e" because...
Try to guess what veikals mean
Olgierd(Algirdas), Witold(Vytautas) and Kiejstut(Kestutis) are all originally Lithuanian names and those three were dukes directly related to each other
Road construction next to Warsaw seems like it will last forever
As a person that lives in poland I'd say beautiful is a long stretch
Rather they're just preparing for the worst like anyone else with sense.
Thank you
The reality is, we simply don't have enough records to assess the amount of collaboration.
Maybe because I am from Aukštaitija and not Žemaitija I really couldn't figure out what your mentioned words mean.
I am calling the doctor
I don't know if that accent in the video is a stereotypical Lithuanian accent, just as an example one of the most prominent features in the Lithuanian language is devoicing (making the last few sounds of  words softer/quieter), this doesn't happen in the video
A hole in the snow to throw garbage
He's a troll and for some reason insane Lithuanian hater, dunno why.
Around Christmas time suddenly conversations in Russian would start popping up I guess as a way to covertly discuss gifts
Unless I read wrong, they stated rather clearly back then that the UK leaving the EU would give them casus belli to redo the referendum instead of it being a "once in a generation" thing.
Europe's Populists Aren't the Threat You Think
Reminds me of [grybauskaite a few years ago]
Depends on where you're from, [I guess.]
Estonia and, to lesser extent Ukraine
When will EU start to respect women?
is an American video game publisher based in New York City
I am Samogitian and spend so much time with Latvians i can unironicaly understand them so good for me lol
Would lay my head down for braliukas
Don't overthink
Without it you couldn't have this nice 16x3 rectangle.
Lithuanian is of course thought because
In lithuania it snowed like 2 years ago alot
Having unpredictable international partners is a personal feeling?
France <3
I want to clarify I don't say baltics are scandinavia, becouse obviously they're not
Absolute majority of cars being bought here have been imported from somewhere in the west.
In European union sense
I'm from the Baltics and the sentence about us didn't annoy me at all
Brother, you are literally the only ones who could give the slightest shit.
For me it was easy, because my cousin lived in Belgium and when he came back we watched tons of english channels and talked, but for lithuanians i think it's challenging
(Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Belarus, northern Russia)
It's cheaper and people like Lidl
I don't think the United States ever recognized the Soviet Union's annexation of Lithuania, Estonia or Latvia.
Well done, proud of my countrymen.
It's usually very safe to assume that any story that came from a guide is bullshit
You used to be able to buy a crapton of things for 20 LTL, enough food for a week.
Usually on friday or sunday (to relax after stressful week or relax before stressful monday)
They ban VEVO on youtube, it's crazy.
Is there any Lithuanian month name that sounds like anything else in Europe
Same sound basically
Lithuania has some seriously stupid so-called "journalists"!
There's a lot more words, that use this format, which compiles a sentence into one word
Old people (and especially old grandmas) genuinely don't give a fuck and they mostly eat a carbohydrate diet (pastas, porridges, potato dishes) which makes them balloon
We don't have those
I hope CDPR release another Witcher game soon, so that people realise what interesting stuff from east european cultures they're missing out on
In lithuanian keikti just means swearing
Ukraine is pretty well loved here
You can choose between courier company and the shop itself
Because Dominykas isn't talking about garlic bread..this is what what he was talking [about]#tbm=isch&q=kepta+duona&imgrc=_ )
Doing things has no connection to your ethnicity
Its native language song, written by band's leader during his school years, with lyrics so deep, moral, sincere and fitting the national narrative that it deserves to be read and sung in schools, have papers written about it
As I said before, you can't undo 20 years of demographic damage with a couple of years of higher fertility.
Fairly certain that christianity was in full swing when the painting was made in Lithuanian society
Turkey
Welcome to the Club :)
If we're talking about toasted sandwhiches, I just stick to cheese and ketchup
Actually he would have four or five(can't remember which) because you can make more than 3 distinct pairs with 3 variables.
The fact that a lot of jewish people, that stemmed from israel, came back to israel after WW2, could also be impactful culturally
"train doesn't wait for those who shit"
" instead of a normal "Hello" and for the first three days of uni I assumed that everyone was just very curious and caring
It's made clear from context :))
This is built into the price of the product when you buy it.
It would eventually make the EU utterly inept at anything and very vulnerable to outside interference.
My earliest memory of them is a basketball court where my dad and I went to shoot fireworks.
They won't even talk about melting it.
My high school Lithuanian language teacher really enjoyed talking about medical things that she had no clue about
And what is real word experience?
I suppose Belarus
It's alternative name for Livonia, I doubt Lithuania is included
Well we banned it because it was uncovered that people who beg are organized by someone.
Be aware that you said that on the internet.
It's either the EU or we go under Russian influence, and I'm pretty sure the EU option gives us more independence than Russia.
There wasn't much difference, considering there were Soviet troops inside all countries and all three were *de facto* independent in most affairs by then.
Its the same in Lithuanian but it just sound so unatural in other lanuges -_-
Which makes it way less energy intensive.
I'm not tall (174cm), I don't like alcohol, I don't like sour cream, I don't like šaltibarščiai
One time, when you'll be wandering in a lithuanian swamp, or around a lake you won't need to think, to recognize it
Is it because all the pessimistic people kill themselves?
We are poor and drink a lot and thats the biggest reasons but still there are countries that have it worse than us.
As always
That means the 21st century is 2001 to 2100, inclusive
I mean no disrespect
People fought and died for their countries only for selfish, entitled people to say that the nation means nothing
Before 20th century
It has a big chance to become a meme at r/Lithuania.
When I think about Canada I don't think about big cities at all.
If I didn't pay as much attention I would definitely be getting worse, because English is SO prevalent
In europe if police shoot someone it's all over the news in US it's like the scrolling text in the bottom that no one reads.
Why would anyone think that living right next door to a volcano is a good idea
I will be traveling with a friend (both male 20y/o).
There was that one time they stole water from neighbors to fight some fire.
There too was a similar case with Ford Pinto in Portugal and Mitsubishi Pajero in Spain, I think.
Yap, I remember our history teacher organised a discussion about the war after we read about it and asked us to discuss between ourselves if it should be considered a victory for Finland or not, and contrast it with the actions of the baltic states at the time
If you lived anywhere neighbouring russia, you would have felt like this decades before 2014
Kremlin boys trying hardest to down vote this.
The only way this can succeed is if Russia has it's own mass protests and instability to not be able to focus outwards
In highways they are OK but cities are each man for himself kinda deal
Europeans being retarded and not siding with Americans who always come out on top as the winners
Just imagine the glory and prestige
as everyone has the right to be disappointed, too, so what are you doing trying to undermine my disappointment
Hey, that's a very similar backstory to the Latvian flag, where Lačplėšis was soaked in blood so hard after a battle that the cloth he was covered in was almost all stained except for the belt.
If it's -20°C and no wind it's not bad, but if it's windy and -13°C I just wanna stay home
Pistols are for self defense mostly.
"Every kid that was sent to a GULAG and starved to death was a Nazi imperialist, who totally deserved it because America did slavery 100 years ago".
It's the national policy or has been national policy at some time in past 60 years of most Isreal's neightboars and is not neccesarally connected Islam as much as nationalistic politics, so no.
The Soviet occupation of Bessarabia, Bukovina, Eastern Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, invasion of Finland or Hungary is "dirty insinuations".
Depends on the one who engages.
I would apply to Master programs in life sciences, however I am not sure which university is the best if we compare quality of studies and living expenses :/
*atsitraukia užtrauktuką*
Be ware
[Marozai] or [Forsai] both of which are just pretty much our equivalent of the Russian gopnik
Its delicious, add some sausages and its perfect.
Ok then I'll pick Korea, never played with them so might be a challenge.
I love it
I'm feeling very generous today.
General consensus, unwritten rules, maybe life guards and you can jog through that area as long as you run across the coast, again, general consensus, nobody bats an eye about it, maybe a few, exceptions like always
In general, Eastern EU doesn't look that bad.
No, it was Chechnya
It's retarded to say *No, you're wrong this is what would happen*
They have right to do so, but it would be nice for them to learn it
*Also keikti makes absolutely no sense, it's not even a swear word, it just says „to swear“*
Chicken Kiev here is super popular in cafeterias, probably can order it in most
Second biggest uni I finished a few years ago didn't have anything of the sort
Surprised our number to be that low.
Below 0 is when it starts to feel pretty cold
And right wing tends to promote nationalism that is bad for EU as a whole (don't mix nationalism with patriotism).
Either way Dutch girls are most definetely not known for being cute here.
that cant be right, it takes about 7 hours to go from riga to vilnius.
He has an oppinion, that in no way infringes on other people's lives, but is contrary to my ideology.
There was a huge difference in Lithuanian borders.
Year 2000 sounds so wrong when you knows there is a lot more of it
This is easily explained: Latvians don't know how to speak properly.
I almost always pay for things with other types of debit cards in Lithuania instead of credit, but I usually have problems whenever I visit the Netherlands with the same cards
Latvians joined Bolshevik revolution before it even happened?
Edit: Great
Netherlands - Olandija
Because they can drone on about human rights and fairness and at the same time order executions without trial.
Countries such as Belgium, Finland, Switzerland, Belarus, etc
I just cannot get over how strange it is to listen to Lithuanian.
Group that with Liberalų sąjūdis' 13 seats and the election winners' TS-LDK 50 seats (both of them said to be pro LBGT), and the new ruling coalition is gonna be the most liberal we've ever had with actual changes very very possible
Strengths:
I saw it posted not even an hour after it happened
Why the fuck should Scotland care that "The UK as a whole" voted 52% to leave?
Well, somehow I imagine a baby of young eco-friendly parents
This picture is making me question if Lithuania is ready for independence.
Likely because you still live in what you call history
Secret airsoft clubs in the baltics, training for aiding russian military in case of an invasion, dismantled slowly by lithuanian military and swats
I used to play in a band in Lithuania, we've traveled around Europe to various orchestra events, including a few in Poland
Google
> our first gay parliament (Tomas Raskevičius)
Probably the problem I had with Saaremaa was that entire three days I was there were non stop rain.
You're a master strategist, truly.
I know because my great grandfather fought in the front while being a farmer (farmers were not to be drafted because they produced food, but in soviet union sheepa fly if leader says so), then was exiled to siberia with 3 children 8-14yo
It would not make sense for Malta or other smaller countries to be part of the EU then.
From one flatland to another
- Well what do you think
Poland, The Czech Republic, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania etc are all catching up to Spain fast and will undoubtedly pass you economically.
We are northern europe, not central
I reckon convergence in that sense is doable in case of some more advanced economies in the bloc.
Crimea is Russian, let's take Lviv/Lwów etc..
Thanks
TLDR He created a company X1 in
I hate words like rural or rare
Lithuanian constitution prohibits foreign military bases, but NATO bases are OK
And note this is just internet form "burner card" type operator, this does not include any call/messaging plan.
Since they were most influential neighbours in middle ages till modern times.
But what I don't understand is how you get such different shortened versions from their original names
Still people need to ask the question if it was worth it, considering the current situation and all the baggage that comes with Putin's rule.
Come on, do something *pokes with a stick* Come on!
What about simple wage growth
Same effect is reached with chipotle, and people pay for that one.
Some Hesburgers have big lines too
They nominate a number of individuals to lead ministries or departments and thus craft policy
Hey we have a native one
I just can't tell the difference between the dark ones
> Malvėnū salas sosided ėš 2 dėdliū salū (Soledada ėr Gran Malvėnas) ė tepuogė da aple 700 salieliu
Happy birthday Lithuania from your Polish friends!!
The Russian courts reversed two convictions in press ban cases in 1902 and 1903, and the setbacks of the Russo-Japanese War in early 1904 brought about a loosened Russian policy towards minorities
We have relative peace, it means NATO is doing it's job.
Tighter gun laws would not solve that.
We and Lithuania believe in long term relationships, we are not the one time thing couple <3
Serbo-Croatian is easy as well, but distinguishing what kind of serbo-Croatian isn't.
In 2010-2013 period her father was paying big money publishing numerous articles (ads) about her low quality music on Lithuanian news sites.
Everyone welcome the 45th Emperor of Rome - Commodus!
Does "jūs" have double meaning
Most discounts are tied to the minimum length of service (usually 2 years)
In my school, a lot of kids chose Russian as their second foreign language, basically to fuck around and do nothing since a lot of them were already Russian speakers and the others were expected to pick it up naturally outside of school.
Broliukai, sesutes (to Latvia)
And to fight that greed he will need all the power and blind loyalty of his countrymen.
Yes, it was a restoration of independence in 1990,
we haven't really stolen anything tho, have we?
I don't know where I learned it, probably reddit
Most good jobs here offer private health insurance
Poland much like Lithuania has a close history with the region
And I think story about Mickiewicz live and poetry are complicated.
Turns out he wasn't in Argentina after all...
When was the last time you saw a Lithuanian option in games?
aw, man, I was just fondly reminiscing the circlejerk where everybody from Austria to Lithuania claim they have the middle.
Historically countries like Lithuania were more linked to Belarus and Poland before Russia annexed them.
I personally find Latvian pretty easy to understand
Then the Grand Dutchy of Lithuania was the largest country in Europe, stretching between the Baltic and the Black seas
Whatever you propose still gets chewed up in the end, like ObamaCare, a good idea that got turned into a trainwreck by the opposition.
Well we've played huge roleplay in holocaust because of the amount of jews that lived in Lithuania,we wanted to end up living with nazis,but instead we were communist country for 50 years and if weren't communist country we would be as rich as finland
EU literally embodies liberalism - open borders, support of each other by funding and loans, common currency, freedom to work where you want, no trade tariffs, etc.
It was a protest for our independence from Soviet Russia
From where you are
But you can have and easy way to check if a word is "usable" and win random arguments thAT HAVE NO SENSE OF PROPER LANGUAGE
Same articles over and over again.
Pretty sure overwhelming majority of people like artworks only if they look nice
The German and Austrian Chancellors are the same as a PM
Since 2000 when Putin was first elected, we understand from the start, the danger Putin will probably pose to Lithuania
To be fair, there were some corruption stories concerning military, that may have influenced people not to support military spending.
Another Baltic here to agree
Baltic states generally hunt for good used equipment deals, as brand new stuff is just too expensive for them.
I think you'll love it
I don't hate Poles
Wikipedia is not a credible source.
Ideally, through a shared vision of the future.
I accept car accidents as a fact of a society that uses vehicles for transportation.
Some experts even say it did better than before 2007-2008 crisis.
After defeating teutons, we accepted the cross
She said its the biggest scientific project atm, and it might create a black hole that will swallow the world
Haute couture means high fashion, as in the textile industry etc.
B-R-A-T-I-S-L-A-V-A. It's like bad version of Czech cities mutilated by communism
It’s a diminutive form for the noun made from the verb “plakti” or “to whip” in english
bad bait Russian troll, maybe put a little bit more effort next time.
And don't forget - flying has no border control
It did improve lives in eastern europe!
I haven't lived in my "hometown" for 15 years now
Hold on, I need to call my cousin, he has insanely large collection of Yu-Gi-Oh cards.
I am sure I will regret asking this, but what's the difference between banana hammock and male G-string?
in my own country though, you'd mostly call someone a "gypsy" if they travel a lot and don't settle down.
In a previous comment you said you're a native english speaker
I kind of disagree about Poland
Post-truth is all about feelings.
But the truth is not in the middle.
Seems like you can't believe anyone could be interested in Macedonia :D
If anything that is an insult to those who actually suffered persecution during wars and occupation etc
The F and H letters were added in written Lithuanian for loanwords.
Recently, ours street, building was happening
I hate people who try to convince that Nazi Germany was worse than Soviet Union in Lithuania.
Calling a plumber to clean the pipes or 2
Here they're mostly poor artists, often with fairly shitty art.
There's a difference between kids shitposting online and the truth of the situation that is recognized and accepted by people who are politically savvy.
The intersection of AuB and AuC may be an empty set.
We just got a new government here in Lithuania and they're talking a lot about "becoming as great as the Scandinavians", including ban on weekend shopping, very limited alcohol access, etc.
How the fuck are the Baltics Central Europe
Births over deaths to sustain population are needed to be at +3.3.
There's still a lot of room for improvement in the EU that has to be done before we can think of burning the bridges for one more time.
In each pot there's a group of people - condemned souls suffering their eternal torment.
DO eat Weisswurst there (served in traditional places before noon), it's probably my favorite German food.
Great picture
Lithuania is wrong
It's one of the most amazing experiences that I had
It's easier to do when you're starting from lower.
Before 20th century
Gosh, America dun goofed this time, fellas
Why do you need 2 beautiful cities?
Middle names are very rare
No way you don't know *gracias* and *grazie*.
Austro-Vengrijos imperija
But sour cream
*roman salute lmao
As for spoken i assume it should be quite easy to understand
Lithuania, for example, has a higher suicide rate than any of those and alcohol issues are not as big as in Russia, Belarus, Finland, etc.
Just in what way will you convince Lithuanian pensioners with their 250-euro income that they need to do it because of solidarity/unity etc?
Erm, no hes not very far, he always shoves this whole russian exceptionalism shtick.
Sweden
Both [Boreal climate] and [Boreal ecosystem] are very different from their *biogeographical region* in terms of terirtory.
We just happened to steal the name and Vilnius from them.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Just like those students who move to countries outside of Romania would be making Romania a better place if they stayed
They're just waiting for a good moment.
Clothes drying on a line, some store selling kitchen appliances, an old warehouse full of some chairs or something.
Even if not plant farming, the romans brought domesticated goats to lithuania, which weren't found there naturally, so animal farming was indeed brought here by various traders, including the ones from rome
It sounds almost unnatural
There's no way this is true in any way
Sounds like something out of Friends
Ah yes the second biggest threat and "unfriendly" nation to Russian Federation is the mighty Republic of Lithuania
I just gave you a source, that it is not.
We would have to defend our regions too and that would be help because we would pull troops from enemy to our borders
Used to be part of Germany for a very long time.
I talked about beheadings due to religious connotation and rights.
Like playing though
We have "time before lent" where we burn an effigy, eat loads of pancakes with curd and watch a fight between porky and the hempen man
Lithuania is not in Scandinavia.
Here is a Lithuanian gun store's page with more info:
Edit: it's actually a hypothetical design with a scale model but it got a lot of attention from the media for it's concept of ending lives
How do you have enough karma to post in /r/Europe ?
I really like that band haha, was a bit popular in Lithuania at some point too
DEJA VU
I actually went looking online for material on how the Estonian, Latvian, and Lithuanian assets frozen as a result of [Executive Order 8484] were handled a while back.
I do think that with current situation the demographic face of the country will change.
And when it happens it’s usually very to the point
It's stupidlly warm this winter
And if you take money that ATM gave you because of a mistake it might lead you to jail time for stealing.
From Proto-Indo-European *wewer-, from *wer-. Baltic cognates include Latvian vāvere, Old Prussian weware and the Samogitian dialect's vuoverie
Dont be misteken by the name
Half of those "unemployed" are working illegally or smuggling goods.
Stalin wanted people to see him as a god, so the other one got in the way.
He meant to say that the so-called "Poles" of Vilnius are neither Poles nor Lithuanians.
Well we've recently had an openly gay couple on a magazine, though idk if that LGBT propaganda,and we have had some small scale parades
Because you live in Netherlands
Tbh the whole country except maybe for the big three cities
It's a blueberries
It's okay though, France will build some to sell you power.
The rest is waiting as the police can take up to 30 days to issue your permit once you submit all your information
Usually it takes a month or two, but only a week of actually doing stuff like attending the class a few times a week, taking the test, going to your doctor, and so on
If your fears do realize, this would be the last betrayal and a sign of forever divided Europe.
I wish they were still there :<
Korea's are in ceasefire since ever.
Overall, school lasted about 7 hours from 7:15 to 2:15PM
It's a pleasant surprise when you don't expect anything.
Stigmatized mental health issues, lack of access to mental healthcare, alcoholism, sexism (boys are often shamed for not being "manly enough"), low wages, poverty, lack of accessibility for disabled folk, homophobia, transphobia, minority marginalization, catholic church and that sweet sweet soviet spirit that still finds ways to poison our ethics and interactions with others
We had Dalia Grybauskaite, she had ways to expose and fire corrupt or pro russian officials
And calling it just Commonwealth is bit misleading cause there were many commonwealths in history (most notable is British) so it should state the country names for clarity
Lithuanians are the best for making Poland Great Again.
\- Like they do in the Holy roman empire, Venice and Poland-Lithuania
• kiškis ( in Russian it sounds the same as a word "guts") - bunny
Sorry, but you don't really have a leg to stand if you want to negotiate a roundabout competition.
Why would you try to be Latvian, they are the least Baltic out of all two Baltics.
Had a great influence on many many things inside and outside of both Poland and Lithuania.
Yes, somewhere in late June I think
So at least in Lithuania issue is domestic violence
England was already unified when Norman conquest happened.
Main foreign languages(apart from English) are German, French, Russian and Polish in some regions.
My friend got 300Mbps for 20€, but he called the customer support and asked if they could make it cheaper
East and West in a nutshell
If the refugees try to go from Lithuania to Germany there is a very low chance they will get there undetected especially since the police will be looking for them.
It's good, I'm not bothered by it
World is too big to be bothered by little things like what phones people buy
It helps
Lithium responsible for serotonin levels, it stabilizes our aggressiveness, impulsive reactions, and thereby protects against suicidal thoughts.
The republic of Lithuania was proclaimed in 1918, wheras the Kingdom of Lithuania was established in the 13th century.
I have heard it many times but never really considered.
fuck knows, yougov and die welt don't explain it.
Just how do you get those names into excistense when they're sooo different from the original xD
His political views suck ass
I knew that the sneaky Japanese were behind Brexit
All of them are really strong and not related to plants or hope (pretty common theme in my country
I love how my fellow countrymates keep giving me shit for saying that our country is progressing for shit
They're all aggressive, either jobless or re-selling used cars, finished secondary school at best, they think that all cops are bastards because their licence was taken away for drunk driving
Lithuanians, no matter their weirdness.
Look at the ethic map of Lithuania after WW1 and you will see why Poland wanted the Vilnius region.
Right
Well then Poland has the best/worst neighbours.
Really shocking
It eases travelling a lot  – there's no point in having border controls inside of EU
Daily greeting if any interaction is going to happen
And that's not even the final form, check out our bros [Lithuania]
Don't see a lot of those around the shops, so you'd be owning a monopoly
Scandinavian languages are similar and they could pick some words, Spaniards +Italians could.
I read a fair bit of smaller (local) American news sites and i've noticed that the recent EU internet privacy law (GDPR) has made more than half of smaller sites completely banned and inaccessible
and if you pay double that you can get 1gbit
That's a lot of accusations there.
Some teachers use Moodle
Yes, just in most (if not all, I just can't confirm that) schools the student is allowed to choose whether they'd like to study religious studies or ethics
Article 1
Don't forget Ė. And we will add Ų and Į near yours Ą and Ę :)
Latvia and Estonia didnt give everyone a citizenship just because **''they hate Russians''**, its more complicated than that.......Latvian constitution for example, does not allow simply ''giving'' citizenship out to everyone who wants it, just because they happen to live here.
It seems like he's travelled half of the world joining every military conflict he could and excelled everywhere.
(Cant put my safety and well being on idiots swayed by populists)
Delivery includes getting the piece into the living space
But the artist said it was supposed to make people think about and discuss the purpose and goals of art in public places, whatever that means
You sound like a trapped mouse crying for help :/ Russia isn't invading foreign countries, it's only protecting it's interrests in other parts of the world.
\- Yeah like that
I want to believe though
Solely based on oil exports
This is why I can't think of a single tourist trap that exists here
They are "stupid" enough to have introduced conscription.
I's a hassle, but it's worth it.
I look for peace, but see i don't attain
Then after that just try and learn the words you use in your daily life
24 degrees today in Vilnius
I'm 100% sure he'll be the first step to improve LGBT issue in our country
Not the first time this has happened either, it happened when thousands of Chechens started leaving Poland for France and Germany after Poland accepted them for example.
From my personal experience: Romeo and Julliet
I can ask them to repeat what they've said like 5 times and still not get it
I imagine I would be terrified, you never know if tanks would roll in an murder you.
No I was talking about the first one and also was wrong.
I'd say if things start heating up towards that date, don't listen to people who tell you not to celebrate prematurely, because you might just miss it entirely
Michael the Archangel is Ruthenian/Ukrainian, and Pahonia ("Pursuer") is Lithuanian.
Fuck Blizzard
It works in whole baltics, youll get a fair price everytime
Klaipėda represent
I was in Crete that is quite far from the capital
In Lithuanian, among other languages, words Olandija and Niderlandai are synonymous and both are used when reffering to the Netherlands, so don't get too angry at foreigners :))
sure, albeit I wan't asking you to change anything.
Broliukai, sesutes (to Latvia)
Latvia has less potatoes than their neighbors.
If he did something that warranted it, sure.
Well it won't make us feel closer to each other because we literally speak English with anyone in Europe.
I can assure you, that their collaboration is far from celebrated in Lithuania and the awareness of it is growing.
I take vitamin D every day
And Unis most often get big part of their funding from the local goverment, with EU agreement to do it governments could enforce universities to obey
It's super good, but franchisers rarely pick Lithuania, so we don't have Starbucks, Burger King, Domino's, etc
But that title, that punchline?
Like I mentioned, many countries gained independence with blood and hard work
Can we replace their government with water
It holds the best Mardi Gras celebration in the country.
It's because people can't afford to not work.
Side note, carrying while below a certain amount of promiles/BAC is still legal but its pretty low
It's super popular because of how much cheaper it is.
He is eating those words while his party crumbles because of that very same "boogeyman".
Suitcase
I don't think *Danija* counts as it's pretty similar and shares the same root with *Denmark*.
Because they know jack shit about it.
Its like reddit asking for my id to prove that I really own this account but up to this point reddit never knew who owned this account
Lithuania had quite a hit, but everyone here weathered it.
The same way palestinians throw rocks at jewish tanks
Can you even call it that
I can't find even a single instance of anyone ever trying to burn a Lithuanian flag.
I always find the colouring of these maps quite strange.
I didn't have a lunch until my final year of school
Any decent person knows that UK will get a worse deal than it has now so the only people who complain about it should tattoo the word idiot on their forehead
Sure, but it's not a certainty
Male:
How people see the police force in different countries
All i know that many of you speak french and are muslim
It was really cute
How far east (and South or North) do you want to go?
So if the most anti-national folk dont bother taking my stuff, nobody else will
We've called you *Čekija* for ages, so it's nothing unusual to Lithuanian ears
We have 4
WELL
I know something of the history of North African Jews and how they're doing now
How often do you use it versus the english language one
Watching those poor Sakartvelians and Ukrainians getting harassed by the revolting bully still feels like that moment most of us have had at least once: stopping crossing the street a split second before a truck roars by
>You look very bad
this was like half a decade ago, you've got the memory of an elephant
Well we will never know whom I would been
I forgot about Visaginas, whoose population mostly speaks russian
Depends
If you want to see more Arabic or African people then Lithuania needs to become as desirable destination to immigrate to as Sweden or Germany.
Maldininkė- pray saying, women
Belarus is a bit boring but Slovakia is beautiful.
If our people have gone to work there, they've mostly retained their homes in Estonia and many have returned.
These were the few times in history when our nation was truly independent - no Poland, no Russia, no Germany
A lot of people mated together to produce more people
I think challenging is different than being overly dismissive of the points.
That's why Christianity has little to do in our politics, it's the reason we're more evolved than the rest of the world.
Its a much more intelligent approach, instead of sending tanks the occupiers now send some funds and dictate the law from their palace in Brussels.
Nah, they just get drunk and then pee everywhere
If lets say civil war happened there, they do have way to much mass destruction weapons, even if they wouldn't use them fighting each other we could not guarantee that some wouldn't end up in bad hands given how prone to corruption are Russians right now.
and all I could think of was this
When he meant housing, he meant state provided housing, AKA concrete flat blocks.
Fuck the whole system, TOR and VPNs it is then
Lithuania: Not free, but 100% state financed for STEM+medicine fields, and about 40% students (with best grades) get free edu in any other fields
Basically every EU country language is considered as one of the official languages in EU
Dalia is the (pagan) lithuanian goddess of fate.
I feel kinda strange when someone says otherwise.
It was posted on reddit like 10 times already
Let's go brothers and sisters
I'm disappointed in my own country
I don't know, but I am pretty sure we can find something better
I also find the letter combination  -ths (months)  impossible to pronounce
The Ussr's parliamant wrote them back:
Now growing up would matter a lot and would depend on a country
Why on earth would you like to go in to another one?
I think this could be attributed to French colonial past.
Going as far as claiming that Lithuanian Grand Duchy successor is Belarus.
Topics that I'm interested in (astronomy and physics) are actually surprisingly good in Lithuanian Wikipedia, so I usually read Lithuanian wiki and if I need more details, then the English one
If we weren't victims of central planing, absolutely rotten political system, we might have lived like Denmark or Finland now.
A model example on how to write a biased article
You clearly haven't seen W4th Street
Whenever I'm in Germany or Italy I feel like I'm spending as much as in Lithuania, but getting better quality food (not everything tho, dairy products comes in mind first).
I will never answer a call while traveling and I find people that do that are weird
I've heard some people call Kaunas ugly
If anyone bothers to learn even the basics in Lithuanian people are happy and impressed
If someone is undecided how to vote and all they keep hearing is how other countries would choose anti-establishment politicians to show their dissatisfaction about the economy, they may be more likely to choose anti-establishment politicians themselves.
good for you, I have to live with 10mb/s since that's the only speed available in my neighbourhood.
I am definitely looking into buying a fan now
Personally I want to see Polan as part of V4 instead and keep Belarussian and Ukrainian areas to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania political bloc in the future, because the ONLY way Belarus and Ukraine would ever become part of EU is through Grand Duchy of Lithuania, because not too many institutions even exist there, both have or potentially could have separatist regions, not really have been considered as part of "true Europe," so is the only way to join the Western world again, which they used to be a part of, even though as "backwater" area, but still as the breadbasket of Europe.
But it's still better than the day
lol but also, people seemed really straightforward and would not beat around the bush if they were trying to hit on you
Our polititians still employ prohibitions and new tax introductions.
Why would you think there's problem
Poles ( ´◡‿ゝ◡`)
Edit: there were a couple of great additions that I missed, so it would be prudent to include them:
But most of them look really bad why would you want more old soviet style buildings?
I think every country likes to make jokes about neighbouring countries
But ditching it and returning to whatever currency you had would be very very expensive and cause a lot of problems for local economy.
I live in the US and have dual citizenship with Spain.
Too less hawkish on China, especially after this August diplomatic incident
It allowed us to grow very fast.
Lock, Stock and two smoking barrels were translated in Lithuania as Bark, Howl or Shoot
Dangerous, but a very clever statement
Or kūjis is a sledge hammer
Many candidates can run in the first round (in 2019 elections there were 9) and if no one gets more than 50% of the votes, the top 2 candidates go into a second round of voting
Put it as plain Latvian and Estonian?
[Holy shit this is so much more retarded than the original]
* First democratic elections after 1926 in 1990 February
Oh I saw article about this in Lithuania
Cash is used for dinner and the like, or when exchanging stuff between people.
Medical degree can't make you give a fuck
Lithuanian comedian Asta Baukutė worships Hitler on live national television broadcast.
I know them, just because I go to Spanish classes and we sometimes play with teacher
Yes, doing ok
Best example would be the French tricolore but Lithuania is another example.
I salute you for the fact that you had 666 at the end there
I can't understand Lithuanian when I hear it, but there are many similar words, and it's possible to understand more when reading it, instead of listening.
Lithuania made a brand new one after the occupation.
cut of one head, two more shall take it's place
If norway would top oildrilling the prices would increase, now oil price is only 50usd per barrel which oil community is not happy about it, they want to be more
Basically Lithuania was the only baltic ethnic group that had a country instead of being conquered.
What's the context
I guess Russia was founded by the Norse, but that's where the major similiarities end as I see it
So why do the Poles in Lithuania want to use non-Lithuanian letters
indas - indian person/a plate, a dish
As it was 22 degrees today in Moldova
I agree
There will always be bad people in society
I learned it from immigrant family members on my mother’s side of the family first
Bruuh
Is mannequin challenge just an normal everyday view of Estonian life?
Economic policies of democrats and repoblicans are practicly identical, mostly they argue about social issues.
>	By the same logic you might just make up your own language
But those are amazing
I personally find Latvian pretty easy to understand
Have a lot in common regarding not wanting to deal with strangers or cracking a fake smile
Well the reason I think about them is they are not too friendly with another NATO member (Greece) and currently are going bat shit crazy with everyone else in EU.
And exactly what do you suggest the EU should do about it
The wars with Poland-Lithuania in 1800s left their mark here
Pls no, I don't want any further declines of my glorious Empire.
Vilnius University for general studies, Kaunas technical university for engineering
I really liked these classes just because of how creative you can get with your projects
In lithuania it's male "maldininkas", or female "maldininkė". It means "praying man", or "praying woman", although it could be translated as "prayer", or "prayress", so person not an object
I don't think any of them know.
Huh, your nick is functionally an answer to a/s/l.
Det er fucking weird lol)
On one of them, only one plant of fern is believed to bloom and the one who picks it will gain supernatural powers
Its just the countries they know in general
Pretty cool that even without our nuclear plant we managed to not fuck up on this.
Guys im dying ovh in lithuania
Show me one law where it says otherwise and I might be willing to agree with you, but the current rhetoric about this patriarchy, power structures and other identity politics nonsense that seems to demonize men just seems pulled straight out of power-hungry, bitter people's asses
Would be a one sided deal, don't you think
I also saw the Chernobyl power plant from the plane
They'll bring a 1L jug with a slice of lemon, grapefruit and some mint leaves, and then charge you for it.
"Where are you from
It is just a letter for upcoming independence day celebration but given Trumps rhetoric during his short reign this was interesting point: "The United States is proud to call Lithuania a friend and Ally.
First map shows Catholics in black, how to know that?
You would just basically befriend everyone who was hanging out in the yard of your apartment block, and there were a lot of kids there
Nerd staff (IT devs, laser geeks, scientists)
Its as if each ethnicity has its own "cliche" features that gives them out
Not realistic
&#x200B;
I'm talking about Lithuania and January events...
There was no option for Israel nor Belarus.
And most elements of the capitalist economic model have been going on form much longer then people give them credit just like the few that I mentioned in my shitpost:
Aweful thing
In last year my class had a window in the schedule, those are not common, but you end up with a free class so do whatever, some went home to eat, others ate at school, sometimes you would spend that time preparing for tests or doing homework
that took guts
Have no idea where else to ask, but is [this] okay
Lacks the True Lithuanians ^^^^^aka ^^^^^Belarusians
The goverment is at least vocally opposing this Nuclear power plant and pushes EU to not buy energy from it.
Well not really
Sweden and Finland are also very reluctant to share information from the Baltic Sea region with the alliance, NATO sources tell aldrimer.no.]
A lot of those books are from the Zenith series, it's science fiction about space travel and all that
And not some nice ads by Coca Cola or Samsung, but signs about key makers, mechanics and the like made with MS Word
I'm certain some nationalistic people will scream "BUT MUH IDENTITY
That it's quite possible to get along.
The first thing that I think of when remembering Riga is the [House of the Blackheads] But maybe it's not common to think of it as a defining building, I just really liked it
The proud captain and his crew disembark and meet the natives
Because I really cant pick up anything from it other than few times she said Latviešu (how do you spell Latvian?) and the last word which was "bey" and only because we have the same word.
Finns, Estonians, Latvians, Lithuanians, Poles, Romanians, Ukrainians, Belarusians all hated Tsarist Russia.
Ukraine
Dude who traveled *+2000km through entire Danube* on kayak:
Well not really
He could have delivered me to the god faster
That Lithuania most of the time tops the first place by the suicide rate in the whole World, not just Europe, which is extremely sad and depressing
Buckethead, the best guitarist in the world, or that one in the photo
It's the potential loss of polish immigration that caused my biggest doubts in the referendum vote.
Pretty much the only difference is that you in most cases only lowest officials were elected, and now you pay something like 40% of your income in tax while in the middle ages you paid 10-20%.
We need another week or so of these temps to hit them well
Baltic states were allies of Germany, not hypothetical but absolutely real ones.
Most people in Poland don't have AC
Same in Lithuanian, "provincija", I assume we got it from French
I think I remember using Austro-Vengrija in school
Putin or someone else from Federal Security Bureau / United Russia.
Just some cheap pisswasser
