I might have a bias though since I'm Slavic
Although sometimes I worry about how well some rural Hungarians who come to my city will speak Serbian because of that reason
We almost hate people who pay taxes, even ourselves, since we have a feeling that money is being used against us
[Dizelaši] \- in fact, their streetwise, urbane aesthetic became so prominent all throughout the 90s that to this very day a lot of men here, conciously or not, still prefer the short-to-bald buzzcut hairstyle and the sportsy-dressing look
I'd stay saying your Christian as a young person is more surprising than saying you're an atheist
Serbia, as a country, didn't exist in 1600, 1700 or 1800
eh, the funny thing is that this small part is actually nearly the same size as Serbia nowadays...
Oh, well, if Serbia disagrees than that's done, Kosovo will give up its independence, dissolve itself, and become an autonomous commune Monty Python-style.
i literally dont know anyone with a xiaomi
I would tell them no Serbia and then the blank stare would come
There are definitely pro-Russians in ZBCG but to say that they are all pro Russian is just silly
Here's the occupation talk
I think there might be shared machines in student dorms or something, since it doesn't make sense to have 1 machine per person
Južni Vetar (South Winds)
We also had to deal with wars, hyperinflations and economic sanctions
Just you have to share first glass with me
Literally the only reason it's said is because Albanians don't speak a Slavic, Greek or Romance language and large percentage being Muslim, so other Balkan people use this to say Albanian is similar to Turkish.
No particular order, and no links, for I'm lazy and on the phone:
Most notably dynasty in the Middle Ages were [Nemanjici] in the Modern era, from 19.
And it's not just me, I don't think there is anyone who understands them
For us here, that price js high (3 euros for marlboro red) but I think for the rest of Europe it is quite cheap, correct me if I’m wrong
some people ask about serbian learning resources now and then in /r/serbia
Beware of cafes in paris monaco they can be VERY expensive.
HOI4
It is Cyrillic handwritten, Latin online for most people
You give that to them, but then they wish to merge with Russia.
Funnily enough, izetbegovic is worse
Turbo folk is a genre based on Serbian folk music.
A lot, there's even 2 sets in my city
I've met people with VERY strong opinions about that
Like this country it’s a real living daily large hunger games but with stupid people
People in the Balkans wishing for another war have obviously never fought in one (nor did I)
I never met someone on real life who has ever heard of the term Great Serbia ("Velika Srbija").
You wont believe the legal nightmare it is for these, specially ownership of the codes they write
Again
Kosovo will never be allowed to join Albania,
I'm interested in how the Bulgarian close to Serbia sounds to you
Nikolic is the president and Vucic is the prime minister.
How do i want to crush Albanians and want no peace?
Macedonian and Bulgarian are represented in the same way but are further apart.
I just read the longer comment, that's so sad
Not everyone's consumed by negativity
The other one is Belarus
The president has all the power
French is seen by some people as pretty and posh contrary to russian and german
People don't generally emigrate if they can stay, and I will try to stay
Here it's a part of life, it's a branch of government
It's believed that most of them are Indian origin.
Pa ovo prvo jer je isti jezik nznzm sto izdvajao, pa desi se da ne razumes neku rec kad ti prica neko iz sandzaka ako si sa severa
Typically they were summarily executed
No, it’s hard to learn, we have  cases, weird accentuation rules etc
Give that little part to Serbia and tell them to agree that Kosovo is independent now and will never be a part of Serbia.
i means and
On a more positive note we have great relations with countries such as Greece and Russia because of WW1
Hate speech is a crime in canada and he is not being tried for it.
Russia- as orthodox, Slavic nation as us and as an ally
Thanks
I don't think they're called Tony Blair, but Tonibler:
Same here
>*Knight there was, and that a worthy man,*
Serbs will have free access to their shrines and historical sites in Kosovo
Being religious is nothing to be ashamed of.
My cousin came back from Germany to our countryside village and  he inherited a big chunk of land
Come to us Serbia, you're not the first country to be smacked around by the US, get over the nationalism and
However my point was about how people outside Serbia perceive Serbia.
i agree it's doable, but i think it's not gonna happen
school trips here often visit Graz
It’s made of fruit, but i barely can taste it, only the alcohol
Have a good time, eat ćevapi and enjoy while you are there.
We are concerned about the current situation, not what it was a long time ago.
There is a slight accent but that's about it.
Basacly she was asleep for 2/3 days
I'm aware of that, but again, it's not controversial since RS is a part of Bosnia, he is being petty for just reposting,sure, but u/Lectarian and others that took the time to organize on Discord and post stuff like this, is the butthurt level im talking about.
They stood with their Serbian neighbors
Well if in 67 it wouldnt end in Austrian-Hungarian compromise, but rather in compromise between Austrians, Hungarians, Slovaks, Czechs, Croats, Serbians and Romanians Empire would have pretty solid chance surviving even loosing in WW1.
That whole train fiasco was humilliating attempt for the ruling party to gather as many votes as possible before the presidential elections.
Jesus Christ, never realized things were that bad across the river...
Serbia is number one world producer/exporter of raspberries
Mitrovica is not large enough so it doesn't fight for its right as a separate country.
Oh yeah
Five candidates: Albania, Macedonia, Montenegro, Iceland and Serbia
In WW1 Serbia's losses were more than 25% of entire population
Although I do not know what sources he uses, I do not know how one measures how smart someone is, as far as I know only intelligence can be actually measured
>There were multiple reasons held by the Serbian government for the expulsions
About Swiss public transport: Couple of years ago I went to Switzerland to see my uncle,aunt and younger brothers
Here they mostly live in slums and poverty and they prefer it that way
The second is just plain evil, and made the hatred between the two nations much much worse
You avoided the question, you still didnt libk the part that says Serbs from Serbia invaded Bosnia.
Some people don't want anything to do with NATO countries because of the '99 bombings (these are just idiotic ultra nationalists)
[doi] , pp
It's extremely uncommon
No, I just believe in free speech, even for people who I personally despise and disagree with on 100% of issues.
[ISBN] [9780521027007] p. 498
In Switzerland you would be the avg guy,in Spain on the richer side and in Serbia you would be set for life with everything you wanted
Stereo Love came out in 2009 and it's nostalgic as fuck for me
I used to work with a bloke from England and in the winter, he would always smoking outside wearing just a dress shirt
Same goes for phone language, windows is in english, watching media in english without the subtitles browsing in english etc
In '90s steel mill my parents worked at lost all of it's foreign market and supliers
Main, Newfoundland, Pensilvania, New York, Washington, Colorado, Texas, Arizona, California, New Mexico, Arkansas, Nebraska, Ohio, Florida, Louisiana, South Carolina, North Carolina, Michigan, Illinois, Oregon, Nebrasca, Connecticut, Delaver, Indiana, Georgia, Virginia, Missouri, Maryland, Idaho, Hawai, Alaska, Alabama, North Dakota, South Dakota(?), Wyoming
Now Serbs claim they are the victims of NATO aggression and claim Milosevic was a misunderstood hero.
so shameful how lot of you are like
That in the real rural areas with literally almost no connection to the rest of the country, the places in these photos are medium/large towns connected with the rest of the country from centuries.
And Remove Kebab meme, of course.
Barem nije mogo da njih zaustavi
ancient Serbian monasteries and villages that are under attack can return to Serbian protection
"Pičkovci" Cuntville
So Serbia is basically like Russia, but with serious opposition?
Even if i submit request for new passport here it takes 30 days.
In Toplica the Albanians were encountered, and we had nothing more important to do but to expel these warlike, but hard-working people from their homes
Put more effort in trolling mate.
How could we ever repay our debt to you
you should avoid /r/askwomen as far as possible
No, Serbia does not have military advantage over Croatia.
If yes, that most likely has to do with it.
In the Netherlands the Dutch people pay the same as EU citizens, but non-EU citizens pay 5 times more.
Pleasure is for I met you
Wasn't it more that the lightly-armed Dutchbat was basically outnumbered and outgunned by Serbian divisions, and basically surrendered the town without fighting in exchange for guarantees from the Serbs that there would be no violence?
Desecrating christian and jewish religious buildings was considered a sin in the Ottoman branch of Islam.
In Serbia it's "you'll become a garbage man" or "clean the streets".
After that go tweet about China having contractions camps and North Korea forcing its citizens to eat dogs
Definitely fake
And geopoltically it made sense for Croatia to join at that time, same with Romania and Bulgaria, who just werent ready, i mean, Romania is still battling corruption today (Doing a good job), it's just a political game when and who can join.
The thing is, you don't really lose your history.
Notably this doesn't require federalization to happen, it's just that federalization is the ultimate step where we would become a province of a foreign power.
The issue is that this is prone to abuse because again who is gonna decide what is or isn't fake news?
did you know that like 55% of BRITISH pakistanis are inbred?
Remember, before the Slavic invasions, Serbia was mainly inhabited by Latin speaking people called Vlahs.
"Hey guys, I have an idea, let's make a business district with a bunch of buildings that all look the same!"
Well we did Central European Politics between 1870 and 1914, and Serbia features quite a lot.
Our winters are pretty mild compared to Sweden or the USA, at least that's my ignorant expectation
Oh god noo this is some article joke I'm to slavic to understand
I don't know about stuff like Saitama and Chiba, it's all Tokyo to me
Yes because till yesterday our supreme leader was bragging how corona is no more in Serbia
I've driven from Novi Sad to Budapest, and the difference is huge in Hungary's favor
here you're called Rusini I think
I have no beef with Turks, I am more like disappointed that it is also becoming an islamic country and Erdogan is very successfully demolishing everything that Kemal Atatürk had built.
Kenjara (shitter) as well
Why is Kosovo googling itself
The land is dotted with beautiful monasteries and inhabited overwhelmingly by Orthodox Serbs.
You couldn’t give us a break, didn’t you
The Ottoman Empire then proceeds to impose a brutal occupation, to discriminate against the Christian subjects and to encourage the colonization of the land by Albanian Muslim converts.
I don't know, I was a child when Serbia and Croatia were fighting, although I think their fight was more of a different nature, one that maybe the Croats didn't want to report to Belgrade for everything, although I may be wrong.
Not only for the balkans but possibly for the whole world
Bulgaria attacking us without a declaration of war in WW1
Slovenský brat rozumie
It worked well, they just had class in their own language and that's about it
I would like milder summers, the rest i like.
Reminds me a lot of my dads vineyard in eastern Serbia which has a field of apple trees beside it
That just goes for conjugations
Not to be nitpicky, but I think Croatian and Serbian are closer than that.
If its a small and diplomatically weak country e.g.
Let us wait until the Eastern European nations catch up in GDP Per Capita, then I reckon we'll probably end up coming back in.
I don't feel like getting banned from another sub today
Greener and More Resilient: Energy Sector Reforms in Serbia for the Benefit of All
Also stop blaming Russia on everything guys.
Yeah, but he actually did some important things in that period of time, while Saint Sava did nothing special except building a couple of monasteries (no disrespect to Sava, he is an important figure for a reason, but I think people idolize him way too much)
So important, with Thalys stopping there.
There are many cheap flights now, so it's fairly easy to reach Niš.
Zavistan/zavidan mean envious
I doubt it's going to happen honestly.
I also heard that chemtrails spray homosexuality on all of us as well
If you get a 60 minute timeout, you can countinue without a ticket
Ah, of course
As a native Slavic speaker I still make strange mistakes when speaking czech: I use naj- instead of nej-, I add "je" to 3rd person singular and "jsou" to 3rd person plural in past tense, I say "jezyk" instead of "jazyk"...
groups
Perhaps they could join the Serbian Union as we're joining the EU and we can hold a referendum of whether or not Kosovo really wants to be independent.
I admit I didn't read the article, so thanks for the explanation :)
I don't know exactly why but he really hates Serbia for some reason.
Most of billboards are filled with commercials or political party advertisement
Seems like we are better at removing kebab than Serbia.
Now I am sure some people were for sepparation, how Montenegro has always had it's own government and Serbia has mostly been hands off
If you're thinking about saying thank you to the guy you replied to, in Serbian its Hvala
I've seen most of Europe, and honestly Serbia is one of, if not the safest country I've ever experienced
They would probably block it anyways.
the number of people who voted?
Same thing is here for legally owned guns
Second, he isn't really loved by the English either.
Plus the music gets so loud that you can hear it from distant parts of the city
Since we're on the subject of self determination does Sandzak have the right to secede?
That's just from top of my head.
I'd be annoyed as fuck if I had to wear shoes indoors as well
I imagine it's because of Android's variety
In Italy the Tuscan language is different to Ligurian which is different to Calabro-Sicilian which is different to Neapolitan etc.
It's obvious there will be drama.
Swedish seems like a good language for rap music
Okay but who holds them accountable?
If I am writing by hand I start first word cyrillic, than on the middle of third word switch to latin and by fifth I am writing english and than end up writing english pronunciations in Cyrillic
Fuck this pretentious German bullshit
["Čoveče ne ljuti se" \(Don't be angry, man\)]
well you might be right on that
All Slavs are Russian and speak it
rat means war
After that, remaining Jews moved to Israel.
A lot of weird stuff happened regarding WikiLeaks in the past few months.
I somehow allways forget that you stayed with Serbia for some time after that.
That's still a cool example of being cultured, so may not be the best one for criticism
Unlike France and USA shootings are rare in Serbia, making this national news.
My grandfather was killed by the partizans for fighting against the Germans with the Chetniks
Previously, he was participant in first world war and in Serbia retreat across Prokletije mountains and Albania which was greatly valued in Serbia, later, he was an officer in Yugoslav army and subsequently general chief of staff of the army
Republic of Serbia is a state of Serbian people and all citizens who live in it, based on the rule of law and social justice, principles of civil democracy, human and minority rights and freedoms, and commitment to European principles and values
Numbers have genders and can be declined through grammatical cases
really, really diverse, and they also have tons of branches and outposts around the world.
Let's see
Civ V: France is probably my favourite, Greece is my least favourite, so there's no real life bias.
Man, you for sure know better of two countries saying the opposite.
Hands down
I'm not sure Serbia would accept the "Former Yugoslav" part, and instead insist on "Serbian".
But that means I can't make my parents go through a security screening and a passport check before coming into my room, and I would really like to...
I've met people with VERY strong opinions about that
For example:
Can we like, get some more buses instead?
You can just google what they bombared in serbia and montenegro
I don't think it really matters what Trump says.
Atleast that is what people do from my experience, so dog doesn't suffer and grief for so long
Even the Sun doesn't venture here.
Thanks for the info, didn't know that in Estonia some people are trying to have normal relations with Russia.
So we get a shitload of refugees, to many
We're pretty vanilla when it comes to pizza.
And of course, in the 90's you have several massacres against Croat (mostly) POWs, you have Srebrenica where several thousand were killed and other smaller massacres against Bosniaks and the murder of thousands coupled with the displacement of more than a million Albanians in the Kosovo War
Serbian PM cuts short Brussels trip after row with Croatia over EU accession
Can confirm
All 20 of them then proceeded to take selfies with us
I hate people here because a lot of them are delusional, but I couldn't be anything really if I wasn't Orthodox
Besides our own stupidity, the main threat to our long-term stability and prosperity is Russia.
• Puca mi kurac - My dick is exploding(firing, crackling)
That's mostly the Serbian half, as well as churches which harbored Serbian paramilitaries during the war.
I browse /r/polandball pretty much every day and a connection between Serbia and the DPRK is something not even them can imagine.
Osaka (cherry blossoms)
THE
Summers are too hot sometimes(30-40+), temperatures in fall and spring are too shifty (shifts from 10 to 30 or 30 to 10 in a day or two) we get hails every year, winters are cold(-15 to 5c), windy, with high humidity (the worst thing during the winter ever) and frequently we get big snow storms that leave us with up to 20cm of snow.
True, if you have some criminal record, even if you have trafic violation you would be less likely to get credit from bank, which make ur life harder and make you second class citizen
Do you even know what are you talking about?
That's right, it's the same language
This way of thinking opens up hundreds of similar scenarios where large groups of people were deported or left and a second "group" replaced them.
Aren't "TRI MORETA" and denying historical invasions of Serbia fundamentally contradictory?
>*(When Yashar Pasha Džinić wanted to raze the Orthodox church in Babin Most (around 1830), Albanians from that village opposed it
("Give me a bottle of sparkling [water]
I took a picture of [this sign] over the weekend.
Gypsys,but in Serbia a lot of people love bulgarians
No, I am from Serbia
When it comes to politics, we are very corrupted
They have their russian fetish that might be influenced by russia if they are accepted.
Down with the EU, bring back the EEC
They still have the "anti imperialist" logic from the cold war , these leftist are pro Assad , pro Russia because these country are against the US.
Beneficial housing, guaranteed state sponsored spots on Serbian universities, benefits regarding points for enrolling to college/highschool, special classes and free books in grade school, additional classes if they are behind and thats just on top of my head.
Regarding violence
I think this "status qvo" will remain for a while simply because both of the sides won't give up on the land
>Yeah, we had a long monarchist tradition
"Oh, they finally filled the holes in this street
It is way more complicated than this.
Nope, just the regular script you use for English, but the Serbian version with some added letters like šđćčž
What would happen if Russia opened up bases in Canada, Mexico and all over the Caribbean.
Serbian Nazi collaborators didn't exist?
They just have to endure their negative thoughts while trying to get by
>Serbian -ović
Vampire is a Serbian word used worldwide
He had the biggest army in the old Serbian Kingdom, so they relied on him
here we only thank someone for holding the door for you at elevator
Yes i am, im asking for clarification
My grandpa owned a pretty valuable revolver, he sold it and bough a new car out of the money
renting a car at the Munich airport and driving to Serbia
Store clerk was pretty cool too
One of my favourite sad songs, by one of my favourite bands.
I still remember when the condom face said without any regret on TV that is not gonna be possible.
Yes, thats why Serbia and Russia were in bad relations until the 90s, and the whole Tito-Stalin split happend, please.
Except maybe Novi Sad, never heard anything about Novi Sad being refered like that
Yep, he was Slobodan's favourite quisling when Montenegro was considered staunch Serbian ally.
Of course Serbia joining is a much longer proces as it hasn't completed all the chapters in the Copenhagen criterias, but Scotland still need a negotiation and every current EU member has the chance to veto Scotland joining.
Anyhow, I find Poland in whole exceptionally lovely
Foreign but it's definitely saddening, it's more of a mark of humanity than anything and in itself it's a great historical and architectural treasure
He just has to finish his masters which is soon now
But you have to pay a lot
And also Serbia as a country might have been connected, but it's not a thing our country did, but one man and his organization
That is accepting the reality and trying to get something more from the situation instead of letting it drag you down
Serbian leadership is certainly to blame for the escalation of the conflict.
But I don't remember if that was the most accepted interpretation or not.
but how's that comparable
Here we even have a 'joke' that goes something along the lines of: "never turn your back on a bulgarian" hah
It’s snowing less and less every year now but around 8 years ago it was a lot more
There was no such thing as a Macedonian language in ancient times at least we have zero evidence for that so far, you just can't claim such a thing when you can't back it up.
then romania with bucharest from Bucharest we'll travel to Hungary and visit BudaPest and other cities, next up is slovakia with Pressburg and the the czech republic with Pilsen and Prague from there north trough the GDR into Poland (Wrozwawe,Warsaw,Danzig Krakow, not in that order, obviously) the Ukraine and Belarus then up the Baltics with a larger stay either somewhere in Poland or the baltic nations, then to sanktpeterburga from there to finland stay a bit in Helsinki, take a ferrie to Sweden visit Uppsala and Stockholm then Norway and Denmark and then Hamurg and finally back to Göttingen
From Bosnia:
'Promaja' doesn't have its verb form here, only 'napraviti promaju' so I guess we just use 'luftirati' as a short version for that
A few decades ago people viewed msm outlets in a much more positive light.
Serbia has around 200 tanks, all very obsolete.
Also I don't think the Baltics need to worry that much.
I hate most Serbian music played at parties weddings and other festivities
I like how you keep admitting that you're wrong and then just invent a new reason why it failed.
When I was younger, first there was " Just take down Milosevic and liberalize ", then it was " Just find and extradite Karadzic and Mladic ", then " we just want normalization between Kosovo and Serbia " and now  its " we want recongnition of Kosovo as independent country ". EU went from respecting UN 1244 resolution to " eh whatevs
Serbia gets €80 million EU grant in non-refundable financing for public administration reform
Maybe some employers tend to hire more men because of the maternity leave, but we can't really know that.
Subsequently the civilians they were protecting were massacred by the Serbians.
Long live the king, motherfuckers!
but, Slovene and Croatian are fairly different.
The revolutionary Serbia [boar flag]
Doesn't have to be threads, comments say enough.
But joining Serbia is out of the question.
Srpska Crnja (Српска Црња) - means Serbian ni*ga
If only
Mostly we like then because they are one of the two superpowers that don't recognise Kosovo)
I'm afraid to say that the smaller nations will probably suffer in the meantime, including my home country, Serbia.
Only difference is that Serbians used to kill the people who wanted independence while Ukrainians silenced them
Headsoccer character
It was during the Ottoman occupation where things got fucky, Serbs being pushed upward and until the liberation and annexation to Serbia from the Ottomans in 1912, [all the massacres recorded were Albanian on Serb]#Ottoman_period)
Montenegro will probably join simultaneously with Serbia.
By doing so, it means that she will supposedly be in charge, and run the house
When I have red the book I came to conclusion that I should have probably use some psychotropic substance for better understanding
War on abortions is pointless just like war on drugs.
Theres a distortion of history happening there with the local albanians claimaing those are old Albanian orthodox churches even though albanians are Muslim and that Kosovo never actually belonged to anyone but albanians citing some old "Illyrian Dardarian Thracian" myths that no one can seem rightfully back.
Zlatan is a Bosnian name, not Swedish.
It's almost like I'm psychic
Wait, Kinder is Italian
Isn't the guy banned like in half of Europe because of his ties with neo nazism lol
>Umm I am pretty sure no one pronounces Scott as "skat
But Malcolm asserts that the cradle of Serbia was Raska, or western Sandzak, and not Kosovo.
is that something like gossip girl?
Its cool that i as a Serb can understand newspapers from Croatian minority in Austria that lives there for last 400,500 years
I don't think I could say there's any country I would never visit.
He apparently found it very inspirational
One time even paramedics were called because people thought that wannabe preacher had some sort of seizure or that he escaped from mental institution
I hope Serbian & Croatian don't count, because if they do, Romania should clearly average above 2...
Who ever denied that
> Sadly I think most finns find it easier to become friends with someone who speaks finnish
I don't count Croatian, Bosniak or Montenegrin because we share the similar language base
It is mostly small/medium companies that co-operate.
I rather be imprisoned for life in a Dutch or Danish prison than 40 years in a Serbian prison.
Škembići are awesome
Funny thing is Serbia even gained population after the war.
Nah a rival has to be on the same level as you
I don't think that's the dumbest, World War 1 would've happened eventually no matter if Gavrilo Princip killed Franz Ferdinand or not
Štokavian is then devided in 3 dialects "rkavian" "ikavian" and "ijekavian". Basically how one would pronounce the old letter "yat". So milk would be mleko, mliko and mlijeko respectively
You make people afraid of war and starting to hate you and that creates a hate circlejerk
Something always bothers her
that's every country ever
Well some parts of modern Croatia were Serbian, like southern Dalmatia, or are of modern Vojvodina was Croatian (although primary Hungarian).
This is because the continuity of an action is described within the verb itself and not by the tens
We visit each other often but we never make it an event
It's pretty much unknown from where they are.
can you tell me what is that between Serbia, Macedonia, Albania and Montenegro
Wahhabis came because there was nobody to stop them.
Very very popular,it usually starts in middle school,yea in middle school
That's very impressive and surprising to hear
When I was in Prague few months ago, people woučd automatically switch to English
I don't mean to sound like I'm provoking but Albania would likely have support from local Kosovars but in the end our military superiority would see it through
I've biked along Neringa last year, it's absolutely gorgeous
I hope to travel to Eastern and Central Europe (Germany, Hungary, Czech, Croatia, Italy, Poland, Slovenia, Serbia) in Summer 2017.
Paris isn't a complete shithole as some media I used to follow made it up to be
In fact, the players that do get insulted are the local ones.
Germany already has a very old population and low birth rate, and there was already many muslims living there prior to the immigration crisis.
University of Dark Arts
Serbia already has MiG-29s, trained pilots, technicians and infrastructure for them, and even with all that, there is no money to buy new ones, let alone switch to something else.
I was in Trebinje for a wedding nice place
Czech and Russian, i'm not sure why, they just sound so pleasing
because people go for the best value for price products.
dude i get that you don't like him, but he is not a narcissist.
Most people do not even know the difference
He frogoten his hat lol
Those are basically foreign words that form a name
But child protection services
In fact, when you say that way death seems calm and peaceful, who wouldn't want to go whistle to crabs
Why is using grah strang
But from then on, it's excepted from them to remember
elephants
They are fucking stupid then
It's our privilege, I criticize my country, not you
Vodka , da comrade leader
I heard it’s really dangerous out there in Syria
I’m curious to know what Serbian politicians you believe are worthy of being supported
It came to the point where I had to tell one girl: "why are you sabotaging my efforts to learn your language
Head, shoulders, stomach, knees
I don't think Serbia wants anything to do with Croatia
God is a Serb, and so are you now.
It is on air since 2012 at it has 1566 episodes
10 dinars can buy you a small chocho bar ( bananica)
Weak for smiling
No, way too foreign and I don't like some of the laws and how it's organised
Well it is a European subreddit, why would you expect us to not celebrate historical events where our ancestors gave their lives to protect our kingdoms?
But the same list was made way way before Serbia and Montenegro, information is information, just accept that you are not the victims, but agressors aswell.
- Zemun - MunZe - city name
I was thinking in a completely wrong direction, like political or ethnic issues
I am stuudying right now, in 1h when I get on pc I will show you all "funny" lethers and how you pronaunce them
-I don't rent (I own a small studio flat, no debt on it)
Regular two lane roads can be converted into 2+1 very easily.
Well, they certainly didn't burn the flag before the movie was released.
A chapter of our book is entitled "The Serbian Question" and covers a lot of the issues in the Balkans.
Glas is voice in Serbian, so there's that
I have actualy.met people from Macedonia..They in fact do lpve Serbia.
Expecting women to contribute equally here is like expecting men to equally contribute to childbirth.
It goes both ways
This way, they at least have an excuse through being two different countries, even if the end goal for some nationalists is for the countries to be united.
Lmao, we have a parody of this song in Serbian:
Here in Serbia if you are not at home the delivery guy is not going to leave the package because you have to sign for it
But Serbia does not have to issue everyone a passport and we do not have to let Serbian citizens into the country for 90 days, if we decide to cancel the agreement between the two countries.
That answers my badly worded question.
i like the award
Therefore, the post-Yugoslavia countries have always been a bit hard to nail down for me (even after all these years).
Also Greece for harbouring nearly all our troops on Corfu in WW1 and for refusing to participate in '99
This will probably be better for citizens of the Unated States, as well as EU; but I am honestly scared for my country that is neither of those
Hungary has the best military, so them.
But I liked kinder lada the most
We have 1 in whole Serbia
Coming to a beach and already expecting a cold ocean (yeah we got told that a lot, I guess it's the first thing everyone notices) but oh well at least it's really hot so I can warm up easily, damn it's windy though I hope it stops
Nobody here hates you much more than they hate any other NATO country
The culture is similar to the rest of Pannonian Basin (Hungary, Serbia) and the people speak a language that is close to standard Serbo-Croatian.
Erdo will have to keep that in check.
The posture and the accent give it away also
Serbia/Kosovo could well serve as the first domino in a series of wars brought about by American isolationism.
Are they
Косово је Србија
Thanks Belarus for supporting us in the hardest of times (1999)
Good luck with that river border with Serbia.
Check into a hotel with an underground parking.
What would happen if none of these options gets more than 2/3 of the vote?
Ћ ћ | Ć ć | Soft CH sound
Was this justified, no of course not and he got arrested for it but Radić as I said also advocated for policies that would give Croatians large amounts of power despite them being a minority
That's rich, I wonder how Bosnian muslims would react if I said something like that.
There is also background check and neighborhood query to get one
Same
It was better than now
It says Macedonian institute of geography.
A lot of it is learning about the Holocaust and the genocide against Serbs in Croatia
Battle of Kosovo 1389 its overly romanticised in our history
It's like hating Germans "because they let Hitler be in charge".
Deutschland	uber alles
I like Cyrillic more but often I have to use Latin a lot when talking with Bosnians or Croatians
Almost none of them went through any racial abuse.
Ako zive sa roditeljima otac slavi, oni je tek preuzimaju nakon sto se ozene i isele (osim onog sto zivi sa njima)
>Kada je u Babinom Mostu, Jašar-paša Džinić hteo (oko 1830) da poruši pravoslavnu crkvu, tome su se usprotivili Albanci iz tog sela
They themselves bombed the shit out of Dubrovnik for example
Isn't northern Mitrovica majority Serbian?
I just call your bullshit when I feel like wasting some time.
I don't have much information about voting dynamics in Serbia.
From my findings it means a knife, dagger, or even a sabre.
It's like saying Britain looks for cultural identity in India and Pakistan because imigrants from over there brought their culture with them.
Russian: 20-32%, same as Bulgarian, some of the words straight up sound like Serbian words but shortened and said fast, probably couldnt hold a conversation
Living with parents doesn't cost anything
Honestly I think it's a great idea to have all Slavic people have one similar thing just so we remember that we were once same people
100 000 subscribers and still growing
У(in), и(and), c(abbreviation of with, normally ca), a(abbreviation of but, normally али)
I understand what you're saying, but decision to proclaim those languages as separate is more political than linguistic
If you look to Kosovo and Albania the govt has very little control, the black market accounts for something like 50% of the economy and law and order are just buzz words there.
Then you can choose in which you want to write in
*Mi daj šufla seleki
Your sister Bosnia looks upon you
I don't know why you people think your enemy is my enemy is a viable path for diplomacy.
On this day we also celebrate the adoption of the first modern Serbian constitution.
- Zemun - MunZe - city name
We mostly drink from tap water, bottled water is only for when you are in the city and thirsty
Albania was guilty for bombing of Serbia and Montenegro in 1999 (I'm Serbian, not Albanian)
Montenegro doesn't have a highway
I'm from one of the smaller countries, so "Hey, we're going to Timisoara (Romania), we will be back by lunch" is not unusual thing to hear
Being aware of the fact, for a start.
My guy Europe's border is the Ural Mountains
He makes up spies, assassination attemps, then tomorrow he goes back to Europe is Serbias future.
If this hadn't happened, we'd end up with Haradinaj x 100 these days.
The teacher had never found it amusing
Main, Newfoundland, Pensilvania, New York, Washington, Colorado, Texas, Arizona, California, New Mexico, Arkansas, Nebraska, Ohio, Florida, Louisiana, South Carolina, North Carolina, Michigan, Illinois, Oregon, Nebrasca, Connecticut, Delaver, Indiana, Georgia, Virginia, Missouri, Maryland, Idaho, Hawai, Alaska, Alabama, North Dakota, South Dakota(?), Wyoming
They awfully remind me of our football hooligans
groups
Characters who speak American southern accent in original sometimes speak some kind of southern dialects or accents in Serbian, because they're often seen as rural or uneducated dialects
They are very comfy and can be easily used for the outdoors.
In Serbian we say "četvrt", which is exactly the same as your "čtvrt". I find it very interesting
Sorry, I'm new to reddit
I'd say Bulgaria and Serbia (especially the south of Serbia up to Nish).
First let us in EU then we can talk about sanctions.
[Serbian one]
I listen to a podcast hosted by three Irishman called 80 days about various countries and territories around the world, and Irish regularly show up all over the globe
A lot of money was offered to vote for sepparation, which is not a conspiracy theory
I don't remember how was the process when Serbia hosted the competition, but it was just a few years after Ukraine's first win, so they were probably optimistic.
H is pronounced as H in hard, hot, hell
It's a great place, it really is.
Serbs living in Bosnia cannot "go back to Serbia" because they're from Bosnia.
ICJ wouldn't have anything against these declarations.
I like how you don't even understand what the post is about yet you cry about it the most
Today, more than 600 years later, the Battle of Kosovo still has a huge impact on political decisions and moral and religious attitudes in Serbia
Srpska Granata (Serbian artillery is led by god).
How much is Alexander a foreign name or Catherine
Overall I see the free movement as something very positive.
Balkan holding it down
* To get child to speak give him goat bell of 1st goat in heard to drink wather from it
And people still wonder why europeans dont like americans
There's the expulsion of the Albanians from Toplica in 1878
His view of Serbs was obvious during his visit in Serbia a couple of years ago (can't precisely recall the year, it was after 2015 though) when he disrespected the flag of the country
Some brown some grey
Thermos or vacuum flask - 1892 by Scottish scientist Sir James Dewar
I think that's mostly the case with Croatians and Serbs
police are feared into being labeled racist, nazi, xphobic etc.
It's not, i said Serbia processes it's war criminals, Kosovo doesn't, you said it was a joke, implying something is funny about not processing war criminals who terrorized people (war victims)
Davos was pretty cool, but holy fuck was it expensive
We won against 3 armies at once in WW1 (after retreat)
Not for a piggy bank or parenting country by people that don't even know it.
For even more protection, the bride should carry a small mirror to frighten demons with their own reflection
God damn autocorrect
You go to a local pub to drink beer with friends, live music is playing for your table, you have nothing to worry about, you are happy that you are in that momeny with those people
Air port taxi mafia, as we call them, are notorious, but they're not so harsh to locals, i think, only to foreigners or our people who live in the west and come to visit, and who forgot how things function here
Stop relying on labels to define your view of the world, there are no friendships in foreign affairs, only interests, and the US has been trampling on Russia's interests for two decades.
People say Montenegro because they're a chapter or few ahead but A) they're using the Euro unilaterally which is actually a big problem B) the most important part is that they've been ruled by the same person for 20 years
I personally can't wait to get out of here, but the situation is better than Greece or Serbia.
There was black market for them where people would be selling them on the streets referring them as Swedish action movies
>As a diplomatic move, that had limited value since the Russians did not make this mobilisation public until 28 July
The village is not in Serbia mate.
I have no intentions to procreate in this kind of environment, so I guess that IQ of this area will be around the room temperature in a few decades.
As a poor bloke from the Balkans...
Are you ever going to stop with the fearmongering
Yea ofc
Bosnian and Montenegrin are mostly just changes in pronunciation.
Not the red poppy, but we wear Natalie's ramonda,  which is an endemic species in Serbia and N. Macedonia
In Serbia it is nessesary to learn serbian, english and/or french/german/russian (really depends on school and region where ur school is but learning russian now is rare, nevertheless, you learn 2 foreign languages guaranteed)
Nice
What the actual fuck is wrong with you people?
That view is just as common in your culture.
:O Gde na istoku
The people are nice, but India as a country is a mess imo, because of bad hygiene, overpopulation problem, too much poverty and crime.
Yeah, that's pretty funny and very true from my experience.
Communists win, liberated, Yugoslavia 2
When it comes to English, I always say Budapest with S. However in my language it would be Budimpešta, which has SH sound instead
i don't think even Croats think that Croatia is innocent
I'm fine with Northern Macedonia or Vardar Macedonia, but they have to change their Macedonia to Southern Macedonia or Axios Macedonia.
Most of the time it's not forever, they do eventually come back home, but there's a lot of cases where they stay as well.
EDIT: Just looked into the source on that one, it would seem it's from the book "Srbi i Albanci kroz vekove" (*Serbs and Albanians Through the Ages*) by Petrit Imami
I don't like this, people these days are so easy in labeling people, a nazi there a libtard here, yeah sure a nazi these days is going to claim that he isn't a nazi but if you call everyone with whom you disagree a nazi than you are probably the nazi
Pikachu surprised face
I don't really know
in Serbia media all croats were described as blood thirsty fascists that want to kill their children...
We need to accept Serbia to EU ASAP
Men like to kiss each other on the mouth when they meet
* if you hick up that meas someone is speaking about you that moment
True, Mahmud II and especially Abdul Mecid started the "Tanzimat" and the Ottoman empire even had a constituation but then everything went backwards after his death because next sultans were either completely incompetent or ultra conservatives.
We see it as negative, especially for social events, even public social events as concerts
It's always much more interesting to read about other countries and I pretty much already know what kinds of answers Serbs/Balkan-dwellers give
I'd do Serbia, Bosnia, Croatia, Slovenia, Czech Republic, and Poland
Really
I have recently taken an interest in some balkan history and I was deeply saddened about
HEY, WATCH WHAT YOU SAY FRIEND.
Serbia wants to annex part of Kosovo using 'Crimea model'
Haven't seen a popup for years.
Mein Gott, even simply carrying the folders was physically tiring because of how much stuff was there
Nah, they were considered Goths.
It all went downhill from there
Is it similar like in Cod black ops lol
But hell, it will happen
This is rarely used today tho
If there is a correct position on Crimea there wouldn't have ever been a dispute
Have you heard of Bosnia
I always assumed iPhone is reach kids shiny toy, to be honest
It's a common joke here that when Serbia finally joins, the EU will dissolve
Probably, but only due to Hungarian **rule** and the monarchy, accompanied by the usual lack of freedoms from that time.
Nouns, verbs, adjectives, even personal names
We do, theres actually no clouds in the sky as I'm typing this
It's a lot of ground to cover in that amount of time.
Dude
Three thousand three hundred thirty three
We say "ptičica" which means "little bird". Some use "sir" influenced by English "cheese".
Names like "svekrva", "tašta" and even "jetrva" are also used without confusion or sounding like a 70yo grandpa
At least Polish politicians, as well as politicians from any EU country (such as Croatia) get to fear emigration.
As much as I know, Hamburg also has a really interesting port area and Frankfurt I don't know much of
San Marino is too small for the map, and Kosovo is part of Serbia.
I can't tell you how corrupt is my country, because you didn't ask that question on the LBOŠ form, and you need to add your birth certificate and citizenship along M24 form
Bosnia was one of the poorest regions of Yugoslavia even before the war.
Map is wrong, nationality that visited Serba the most in 2019 was Chinese (about 150,000 people)
You must have a pretty roomy apartment
Sunni Arabs are the least tolerant people of the Muslim world.
Do the same for Serbia, Bosnia, Albania, Montenegro, Moldova, Ukraine or Macedonia...
So when kids study that in school, they accept it, because they see their teachers as the authoritative sources of knowledge
They are keeping their 600b dollars military budget just so they could project power around the world.
It's a common joke here that when Serbia finally joins, the EU will dissolve
There would be many injured if not dead as well.
>The oldest son takes over his father's slava when he dies, but until then he doesn't have one even if he has his own family
The mosquitoes seem to be retreating slowly
Russia, from underdogs to the biggest country on earth
But if someone was non-European ethnically I don't think they'd ever be accepted as "real Serbs", no matter how many generations their family had been there.
Later that day, all the neighboring homes come together at the local church and we put all the oaks into the flames
I don't really agree with that.
Gvozden spawns as a 40-50 year old geezer with old man strength.
What's the point of exposing to an occupation expenditures while rapidly gaining wrath in Western media?
Same in Serbia
It was natural and built into me because all those imported press and materials
Really nothing *that* special
The older kid that shows you porn on his phone on your street
Curious as to why
Wtf is even happening there, I will never know
In Serbian we have somthing similar
Russia has nowhere near the economic muscle to be anything more than a sidepiece when compared to China.
Please stop writing
Pretty much the same like in Croatian
Not being able to properly manage all of the refugees surging in isn't our fault; but we did far better than many EU states.
Most of the world just sat by when Yankees bombed them.
Yesterday Serbia, today Lithuania, tomorrow
Oh, just wait another 20-30 years
They completely fucked Bosnia and parts of Croatia by doing nothing.
In a Serbian wedding, the bride fights bad luck by hiding garlic in her bosom
He also became president only by the fact that people were so fed up with Boris Tadic they could've chosen anyone.
This makes more sense in the US, where you practically have a red scare, but it also makes sense in Europe, as it is evident by just reading this thread.
Polish: 30% at best, it's much different from Serbian with all those long words that sound pretty hard to say
Pretty common in informal speech is to throw in a word or two from time to time, although nobody talks in full sentences
I mean hey, NATO troops tolerated Serbian ethnic cleansing of Muslims, so I don't know why they'd care about a silly logo.
Aww that's a shame :(
I haven't actually - care to fill me in?
Also, there are people asking for money for medicine
If Bujanovac doesn't end up a part of Kosovo then Preševo is basically going to be some awkward little exclave.
The only reason i want to be in the EU is so we get actually included in these maps
) reeds, bristle the crosspiece with a worshiper
Who thought that this will resonate well with the people?
But it's not simply whether people recognize it.
i do agree with you, and i agree it's skewed a lot by various factors, I'm not saying it's **precise** i'm saying it's decent approximation for most of the countries.
Met quite a few Kasandras, haha
Good one
When it comes to a Serbian wedding processional, the Barjaktar will lead the way for the wedding party by featuring a banner with an apple on top of it, along with being adorned in towels, rosemary, and flowers
Bro it's ok
also, communism in Ex-Yu seemed to be far better than the one behind the iron curtain based on the stores from both sides.
Russian doesn't have a standard latin script
Serbian lords were allies of Albanians and Ottomans in these times so it's not weird you had mixed marriages between high class people
I opened the post to write the same comment when i saw yours
Yeah, I just remembered some pictures that I've seen of Krakow, the old part of town is beautiful
When was the last time US invaded?
> Good life was forced on Germany
Up to 1000000 Serbs already lives in the EU, and many of them still have a family in Serbia.
On the first one: maybe, but we're not close to that.
As if Brits ever felt close to anyone.
poljsko ó je bliže češkom ů, oba se čitaju /u:/ a nastala su od /o:/
Was can't Serbian companies sell their products in Croatia?
Umm
Also we have no bargaining chips with EU either, why would they ever let us join
- Like an elephant in a glass store
The whole Union should be ashamed of itself
Black Carbon
We should become friends real quick
Milošević didn't really care about Slovenia since there was no significant Serb minority there.
Alphaville also, and ofcourse Nena
Can you recommend some
Lake Zaovine on mount Tara, and artificial lake Djerdap located on Danube close to Romanian border.
After all Serbia was a aggressor in 1991.
Serbian army is crappy by comparison to large countries.
So instead of minced paprika, people tend to say Aleva paprika for every minced paprika they see
Jesus wth
Also, I don't know for BiH, but last year in Sandzak they dressed in uniforms like those wore by Handschar troops, so you can't say it isn't celebrated among Muslims.
But damn it I can't remember the last time we had a snowy Christmas
Which Gold medal did Serbia defend in Rio?
As per not wanting to downgrade, the way it works in Serbia (which is by no means a model example, being a poor country) is that all employers are obliged to contribute to public healthcare through taxes, but the good employers on top of that often offer the private health insurance to their employees
Shorties hittin me with eyewinks as I buy drinks
There are of course dozen from the 90’s, one of the most famous is  the murder of the journalist Slavko Ćuruvija who got killled in 1999, but until 2019, no one was charged for the murder
France throughout history up until relatively recently was a big ally of Serbia and in WW1 they even saved our troops in Albania and transported them to Greece
I speak French too and it's a billion times harder to learn than English, imo
As you said it sounded so much like Spanish
Someone should have informed the Serbian president.
KoSoVo
And so for the last ten years, I have been convinced that the destruction of the Soviet myth was essential if we wanted a revival of the socialist movement
If Germany at any point would have told Vienna to chill the fuck off there would be no war unless you think Habsburgs would dare to wage war against Russia and Serbia alone.
That answers your question on why we use the Byzantine or Serbian cross.
Is it
Hold mandatory evening economics lessons?
That oak is brought to the home
Maybe I'll just have to go to Serbia...
r/MapPorn
Why do liberals defend muslims and their crazy religious practices, yet they hate christians with a passion?
Zavistan/zavidan mean envious
Peščanik
And other muslims too, but yeah it started as an meme for ottomans.
75 guns per 100 people in serbia seems bullshit.
Watched Disney cartoons in English, listened to British music, watched American series, read British and American literature
Taxi
I thought all of us slavs had this feature
Both really, could be argued that Slovenia is Balkan based on history and culture beside geographic position
Then on uni, I went full latin, because of chemistry, and now I’m almost always use latin
The dominant religion or the language of the elites would be such obvious differences.
Macedonians are getting shit from Greek, Bulgarians, Serbians and Albanians.
BUT Uncle is called these ONLY IF he is a brother of either parents
I know cyrilics, i don't even aknowledge which alphabet is when i read, but i am having big problems when i need to write especialy cursive which is required in some situations, for example when you need to write the statement in the bank during signing promissory note
bulgarians, greeks and romanians are (before the downvotes come) IN MY EXPERIENCE a bit darker than the rest of the balkans.
well Kosovo gov still hasn't total control of the north Kosovo where is mainly populated by Serbians, and the train travels from Belgrade to North Mitrovica which is located in the north of Kosovo, so i dont think that Kosovos government has the power to stop it.
Serbia has military exercises with both NATO and Russia - 206 with US and NATO but only 17 with Russia in 2016.
Slovene: about 30-40%, I can understand basic sentences, but in general, not intelligible
The bank or visa always call me within 10 minutes of it being locked however to confirm that I was using the card then it's immediately unblocked and stays that way until I do one of the above again or unless I explicitly ask to tone down the warning for a given period of time.
National authorities must step in.
well i mean, you did say they love their fries
I really don't understand why the two things should be treated differently
freedom and self determination
Haven't seen him since like summer but anyway.
Gore - up/forests/mountains
If an Italian came here and saw what we add on pizzas,he/she would commit suicide
We are fasting 40 days before the day
Albania is a poor wasteland, with some historical sites and some beaches to help her stand financially, struggling to compete against her little sister, Kososo, who is modernizing faster than her.
I do -- and I studied history in an American Uni.
It really do be like that sometime
Spain is more reticent to recognizing Kosovo's independence than Serbia.
Honestly I think it's a great idea to have all Slavic people have one similar thing just so we remember that we were once same people
Is that Ed Miliband
Names like Lav, Mia, Vanja (this one is unisex) are just repulsive to me
Who's to say that another region (like Vojvodina) won't get any ideas in the future?
Visited both (albeit for 2 days each) and can honestly, sincerely, truthfully say that Budapest is far prettier, in my opinion.
But real untranslatable things are our curse words
Serbian cyrillic is an abomination anyway - it has all those ligature letters but not even a yat'(ѣ)?
At least you are now "free" of srbocetniks, and we are "free" of ustasa
Er, Romania is part of the EU, since 2007 so you will have no issue crossing the border (unless you exit the EU into Serbia, which might be a different story).
Nobody wants to be spammed with “Montenegro is Belorussia” anymore
In conclusion I may not be the best example, but I could say with considerable certainty (also knowing some of my colleagues renting situations) that **majority cannot save more than 100~150€/m, and a lot of people saves nothing
For entire former Yugoslavia (filmed in Serbia)
&#x200B;
And we enevy you because we see how you are handling your government and we wish we could do the same
Yeah, it sounds more lord of the rings than the actual job
If situation changes, I don't know if anybody at all would help Greece apart from some odd Serbian volunteers.
*Idu dva momka i devojka, jedan je muva, drugi je pčela.*
Two of the three constituent peoples - Serbs and Croats - feel trapped in Bosnia and would happily join Serbia and Croatia respectively.
Yes , i bet they think that every european nation is as developed or more than Norway
Yes, you can chose between your religion class (my school had Orthodox and Catholic aswell as Greek Catholic teachers but this depends on the region as south Serbia has also muslim teachers) and civil studies
I'm in my early thirties now, no one of my friends lives with parents anymore
Croatia - We can't admit we are very similar to each other and that's our main problem
Takva nam je sudbina,šta ćeš.
Hell even Serbian that has the read as you write rule and still honor people's wishes.
Serbia is in a weird position where it tries to please both sides.
As a programmer, i kind like the background and text style,colour.
No, I wouldn’t say so
I understand Serbian more or less.
Just for the record I am a history student and that is one of the main reasons why I am frustrated by this kind of application and manipulation of history.
But these are not religious customs.
Damn, the way some of you people see Serbia and then say we are blinded by propaganda lmao
You complain about people accusing Croatia of being a fascists state, while your president is holding a flag of [Independent State of Croatia]
Name and surname only
Hope the net contributors are happy funding another poor eastern european nation.
" Is the best defence there is in ex Yu countries, as long as it's a bad thing
Any "no accent" dialect must be a concensus one.
Also "andrija and andjelka" it seems.
Then what was the point of your post?
Actualy Napoleon was really harmful to our national liberation at the time
I like Cyrillic more but often I have to use Latin a lot when talking with Bosnians or Croatians
People laughing at salty Serbians is not a violation of your free speech.
But people did google translate and taken screenshoot of discussion.
Not to mention only Serbia and Montenegro are remotely close to joining, and thats like 7,6m people, which certainly won't destabilize the EU, but will stabilize the Balkans with the big three being in the EU( Slovenia,Croatia,Serbia)
Other notable ones are made of apricot, william pear and quince
So it's pretty similar to [sarma] ).
Because this is the spot where the airport shuttle drops you off, it is also the first view of Edinbruh I witnessed
T in Serbian cyrllic is literally from Chernobyl
It pisses me off so much
He's Serbian so he's hardcore and people fear him so much they want him dead #justserbianthings
And so on and so on
But, objectively speaking there would not be anything wrong with it.
Serbia doesn't have T-55s in service or reserve anymore.
I don't agree, comparing Crimea and the Baltics is not correct, historically, geopolitically and ethnically speaking.
Do you identify as a Serb on the census though
A gold medal is a gold medal, no matter in which discipline.
He got fined and lectured by a policemen for doing that
gritty in some parts, but there are so many wonderful things to see, such an interesting city
Shes an endangered species then
Map men map men map map map men men
yes, we tend to be quite tall and strong built, but your figures are a bit high.
Similarly we have "šatrovački" and it also reverse the order of syllables
While serbian people had 13 precent in kosovo and were constantly murdered churches were burned down
If you think a WW3 has no possibilities of starting if a war breaks out between Kosovo and Serbia you are pretty dumb.
I looked some stuff up and Laza Kostić fits the criteria + he was also involved in translating Shakespeare.
Well I never heard of Greek language, is that a thing
Might I add:
Ajvar on everything
Democracy is on a pretty low level
People know our country exist because of the train.
Just my personal favorite
Which kinda proves that the goal was ethnic cleansing.
I don't notice people mess up grammar and spelling more often, but I do notice more people using anglicisms, both existing ones and non-existing ones
Whatever man, its stupid to identify someone by country that is long dead.
you got a loicence for that opinion
And if someone present criticizes our own country, don't agree and don't join in
don't get me wrong, the city is nice and all if all that you look for is spending money and clubbing, but except for that, there is nothing special about it
And since our standard of living drastically decreased during the wars in the '90s.
By the way, it makes more sense to say that Chakavian, Kajkavian and Shtokavian are separate languages than to say that Serbian and Croatian are.
It is good to remember not only the muslim Bosnians who lost their lives, but also to know that there where many ethnic Serbian families that wanted nothing to do with the war that where killed anyways in the crossfire and retaliation
Well, for Serbian part of Bosnia (Republic of Srpska) you are right but for Bosniak part, you would be supprised how much it is influenced (before all) financialy, ideologically and culturally.
It's not so strong here because most of the older people remember communism and Tito with fondness
I doubt it spread from Macedonia to everywhere in Europe.
Plus they would probably make them sign some unfavorable deal concerning Kosovo, and that's like the deal breaker.
We aren't culturally as similar as other EX-YU countries (obviously), but we didn't have any conflicts historically and I don't think we will in the near future
Just look at all those terrorist attacks that happened in Eastern Europe ONLY last year.
I guess more people own their houses here than in West Europe or the US, so they would probably get them anyway after their parents' died
Moldova and Ukraine have even lower chances because they have endless problems that can't be solved in the near future (the russian army on their territories, separatist regions, a lot of poverty and corruption, Ukraine has an active conflict going on, Moldova has a pro-russian president and an important part of the political class that are pro-russian and want to sabotage any western path , etc).
I agree with you on that, but I don't see how this has to do with Podgorica
Do you find the language difficult
Yeah, I wouldn't think a second about it
Why isn't Serbia in any of these
Head, shoulders, stomach, knees
Serbia is neither EU friendly nor progressive, and would be a Russian mole in EU while being a Balkan bully as well.
Not punish the ordinary people to increase the internal tension in the EU even more?
Lol
Slučajno is a word in Serbian, but the meaning is more like accidental
Don't mention Kosovo
It's [*Hawkeye*] probably
5 times more
Avala tower, Golubac, Kalemegdan and a few other forts and the most disturbing one, Ćele kula
Za je za zabavni žur (Za is for the fun party)
Austro-Ugarska
No but we definitely should
Thus the First Serbian Uprising was defeated in no small part because of Napoleon
This is an important question and it deserves some data collection
The west needs to stop antagonizing Russia.
We've had it easier after WW and yet only thing we were able to do was to fuck up a country that if remained whole, today could rival some of the richest EU countries
Imagine using a word never when discussing politics lol
Even serbian diplomats and citizien are facepalming themselves because of the stupid thing he did and his lie.
It's celebrated only religiously beacuse we celebrate new year with presents and such
Turkey for Ottoman Empire, no idea why it still is a grievance now
most of the immigrants from Serbia are Romani families with Serbian passports who have been driven out of Kosovo by the Albanians, and have left Serbia due to poverty or persecution.
Serbia annexed Macedonia, Kosovo doesnt exist yet again, Bosnia and Montenegro somehow managed to join NATO meanwhile.
That’s why zoomers don’t question religion
General Jovan Belimarkovic opposed the deportation and offered his resignation to the government over this issue and journalist Manojlo Đjorđjević also condemned these policies and argued that Serbia should have pursued a policy of peaceful reconciliation towards the Albanians
I didnt mean that type of big
Imagine the bordergore if Rep Srpska joins Serbia
Joined/annexed, isto sranje, drugo pakovanje, Austria also joined with Germany.
Whilst you might have a problems with the content in other B92 articles, this article is pretty much straight to the point and factual...
0/10
(or at least that's the opinion I have of myself)
If Princip did not killed Ferdinand d'Este and Ferdinad become the Emperor, he would have never started such war.
I literally don't know anyone that ever ate raw meat
Italy was incensed and demanded that the UK & France make good on their promise, but instead they gave Italy the only unoccupied spot on the eastern Med: coastal Turkey between Smyrna and Alexandretta.
As an argument against their claim, Thessalia and Epyrus were kingdoms too, greek democracy never existed in those nations yet people never had any doubts whether they were Greek or not.
Most of us don't classify it as a country lol
How did it happen then
Do you think this is some form of punishment?
Hopefully more to come when covid stuff ends
If you're still with that guy, and he ever asks if you have something sweet (to eat), say: "Evo, ja sam slatka". That's a classic comeback for that situation, means "Here, I'm cute
Hah, looks like no one seems to agree with you.
&#x200B;
croatian people didn't commit any war crimes in srpska krajina, srbe na vrbe
Good in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
It's difficult to reconcile such a large difference in capability.
Also often cheese goes along with it
It has a beautiful name, it's in the Balkans, was part of Yugoslavia and, after it disappeared, was united with Serbia for a few years.
Serbia: DPR commander 'Givi' honoured with giant mural in Novi Sad
That Serbia started WW1 and wars on Balkans in the '90s
That sounds insane to me, a relationship between family shouldn't be that between a landlord and the one inhabiting the house
Oh so you're one of those guys who believes allegations at face value without evidence?
Fuck you those weapons came from Turkey
There is still no sign of Serbia language :/
can't even begin to look for the actual movies but usually when there is a "Serbian" in an American film, it is a brute, a terrorist or something like that, speaks Russian or gibberish, and has a name that no one who knows anything about Serbia would deem Serbian
How easy or quick was the process?
The Slovene equivalent of chavs (we call them čefurji - certain thuggish characters, children of ex-Yu immigrants) don't do that, either.
Not Trump, not Putin, your liberal government
For once, Chechia and Slovakia are the honorary Balkans and not Portugal
Serbia shouldn't join because the EU is moving towards an increased political, economical and military integration, a path which is not convergent with Serbia's self professed goals.
If you are good enough to be able to think in English, it sometimes feels like  there is a sub-personality that speaks for you
elephants
Maybe I was misinformed that there is discrimination
It changed before Kosovo became part of independent Serbia.
Not only that, but they were also liberating the upper class of their property and/or lives
The battle of Kosovo was a stalemate, and I'd say the battle of Maritsa hit us harder
Albania, Armenia, Czech Republic, Germany, Liechtenstein, Moldova, Montenegro, Poland, Romania, Russia, Serbia.
Spanish was very easy, about a J.K Rowling book
I don't think we have rich people here
They tend to be very rude
Aba du hosts ned tau, du host dei schiaches Gfriss aufmochn miasn, und jetzt zoist, du Saubua.
How much is Alexander a foreign name or Catherine
There's this for Teran and Piran!
TLDR: Everyone was wearing shoes made of fur with the hairy part inside to keep warm, while the Romanians inverted so the fur was outside to ease navigating the snowy mountains
Is it similar like in Cod black ops lol
a spy
Does everyone get the day of work?
- Nightlife is great , most places work until the early morning , and the atmosphere in clubs and partys is great
Then let it be an official requirement, instead of tippy-toeing around.
About the government, I heard that there's corruption problem too.
Sure, I'll get back to you with more info as soon as I get off the phone with the president.
And we also learn as much about the war in our country
They ousted/murdered the members of the Obrenović dynasty and brought the Karađorđević dynasty on the throne in order to achieve the dream of Greater Serbia(which included the territories of Austria-Hungary).
Im glad the WW trilogy is coming to an end
No, Serbia does not have military advantage over Croatia.
In English and some other languages, the word nationality is sometimes used to refer to an ethnic group (a group of people who share a common ethnic identity, language, culture, descent, history, and so forth).
There is no way you can compare the two
it is drinkable in prishtina but it tastes very hard
'At one point someone is going to say that they have to take their parrot out for a walk
May help a lot other people too.
Pretty much the same like in Croatian
In Artsakh, Azerbaijan launched undiscriminated military campaign against Armenian populous with open help of Turkey, I would say even alongside Turkey
The person in the example isn't from Serbia, but that is irrelevant to the point.
I think i've seen it at a pizzeria but I didn't know what it was
Thessaloniki was lovely
well Hungarians do have a longer history of Vojvodina inhabitance but it's not continual
That's how you improve your Serbian though, by reading, isn't it?
For the life of me I can't figure it out, but you'll find a bunch of people with these smart ideas
Heard of breaking Yugoslavia
It says there's no results found
It'd be the EU taking a hardline stance if a border was set up and free movement removed.
If games that have no voice acting I'd try in Serbian
Turkey is definitely not in the EU, same as Serbia, Bosnia, Macedonia and so on.
So, during a zoom call to a client in the UK, the lady asked if we have mosquitoes in Serbia
When I speak Dutch I get mistaken for German pretty often, and when speaking Greek I've been mistaken for so many nationalities; Italian, Spanish, Serbian, Portuguese, you name it, people just can't recognise the language.
Check it out if you get a chance
Or was any neighbour in its radius been threatend?
Btw
There are still areas in Serbia which are majority Albanian like the Presevo valley.
The meaning doesn't change, only its appearance.
100 dinars can buy you burek or a sandwich
It's clear that you have no clue what you are talking about, but I will bite
It's probably a troll post, reflecting the US spread flag in Narva post a few hours back,where people stated the marines were provoking Russians, so this dude posted this in an sarcastic manner.
Store clerk was pretty cool too
We get absolutely nothing
Yet, we are at lover half of murder scale even tho you all consider us murderous bloodthirsty maniacs
Serbian politicians actually said this:
Lol serbia god 2 places on that list
They got bombed by them, their country was divided because of them, and the only country that defends them is Russia.
Most of the world are sad they weren't lucky enough to be born there
Umm
What news do they serve you in Ukraine about Serbs
Make sure to use the next possible opportunity, you won't be disappointed
Part from Novi Sad to Belgrade is almost done, from Subotica to Novi Sad it's still just a plan
Yeah same here, kids being 14-15 and drinking like its end of the world
No one likes our government here anyway
Jesus so many Romanians in one thread talking about electricity
We just learned to ignore borders.
End of WW2 up to 70's - maybe early 80's in Yugoslavia
Can't you have a strong economy without the skyscrapers
In the 1990s these calls turn into a terrorist campaign fueled by money from the drug trade and weapons smuggled from Albania by KLA terrorist sympathizers.
Sarajevo - Sara is an ox (the capital city of Bosnia)
Franz Ferdinand had all the necessary reforms lined up and ready, just was waiting for the old man to croak; but then the damn Serbian nationalists came and fucked everything up
One apple after the meal, lowers the risk of colorectal carcinoma significantly.
A kdo byl Jiří?
I think this is the first winter since measurments began without snow
They had a bulgarian friend too.
Almost impossible
Google tells me both are possible, I was taught draft is correct
edit2: As the guy from Slovenia said in the comment, they don't fit into most of those descriptions and i agree
>*And* ***there where*** *he had ridden (no man* ***fairer (more beautiful)****)*
Yeah sorry but no way are the Baltic countries central European
It is of great importance for both serbs (historically) and albanians (politically), but I think enough sh*t happened in the last 30 years and both of the sides aren't keen on battling anymore (atleast not as a war)
quince rakija -> dunjevaca
Could it have been done without massively bombing civilian targets
Also our cuisine isn't great
Funny how it has no overlaping meanings
I have a feeling it depends a bit on your social circle or generation
French
Go into 3 pu**ies of a mother
A jos nije ni April dosao
And the people didn't help those in Prekaz.
Ustaše had sought the advancement of an ethnically “pure” Croatia, collaborating with the Nazis in the persecution and killing of minority ethnic groups
If your surname is a little 'weird' and/or doesn't end in -ić, chances are you're from Vojvodina, the northern part of Serbia
These 4, plus english, Arabic and Mandarin cover more then a half of world's population
I mean, they have absolutely no reason to trust Americans or NATO, they only brought bad things for them.
How do you do, fellow 3rd worlder?
Nobody disputes the fact that certain individuals from the Serbian government and the military are responsible for abhorrent crimes.
USA helped Kosovo separate from Serbia but its rare to meet an American that knows Kosovo exists.
He stayed only for a couple of months before he decided to return to Greece.
Austrougarska
Yes i agree, but hes albanian, he should mind hes own business, because Mladic and Karadzic are being persecuted for their crimes.
Seka Aleksic
I might be wrong, but I believe that is why Erdogan is being praised in the eastern and central parts of Turkey.
Which is kinda weird because Spanish is not a popular language for studying here, it'd be better if they changed it to English instead
Twice awarded Hero of the Soviet Union, International Air & Space Hall of Famer
It's gorgeous country
Because at the end of the day there is a difference to be made between the content in itself and the motivation behind submitting it.
Sorry for being jerks and idiots
Are we just naming artists or can i add some more?
So Slovene being my 1st language with Serbian and English my second, I am B1 certified in French and am learning Russian now
There are aoooo many better photos of him
Smallish city with amazing events and awesome atmosphere.
It is
Naravno, u Vojvodini imaš i drugih naroda sa prezimenima sa takvim završecima, ali Makedonaca def ne baš mnogo)
I'm proud of my Serbian heritage and my Croatian motherland.
Because it's shitty weather, otherwise the city actually looks very nice.
5 times more than someone who is a bench warmer for a Spanish club which is probably spectated by a thousand people when playing home
I'm still hoping to actually move to Greece and run a small B&B on one of the Ionian islands
I don't get our climate
My hand broke from face palming at Trudeau bragging about equality in a gender segregated mosque.
Not sure if this will appear in the apposite location, but there were some comments here suggesting a media climate of national paranoia in Serbia.
Do as we say,not as we do lol
I live in an old "commieblock", and basically next to my block there is a whole block of new buildings being built currently
Serbia is number one world producer/exporter of raspberries
My parents are Bosnian Serbs and they feel 100% Serbian
Even by official Serbian census data that is factually wrong.
A "greater Germany" was supported by some Austrians but most of them opposed it because a completely separate austrian identity has already been developed at the time and they generally loved their emperor and didn't want to just bow down and subjugate themselves to the Hohenzollerns.
Singular: хвала ти
I mean is there a tendency to start spelling easier the language
So you're basically Canadian
This is mostly just deporting other Europeans back to Serbia and Kosovo.
No nut november on the first and on the second
I change flats frequently so I can always live near things I need to visit frequently (Currently: girlfriend, job and gym), and use the city transport only when going out of that area to see friends or events
Schools in Ireland are predominantly Catholic and prioritize Catholic students over students of other denominations.
Croatian flag, historically begins with white or red field (white field-1495).
Croats and Muslims will have to decide how they gonna split the rest.
So by living with in it with illyrian blood, we got the same claim, difference is we conquered it.
Wait, isn't Serbian independance mostly an effect of Austrian warmongering and Serbian nationalism?
While Albanian war criminals get political offices, thats just sad.
Well no, because Scotland is "Škotska" (shcot-skah) in Serbian, and likewise Scottish people are "škoti"
My point is that Russia deserved to host the tournament and they hosted it amazingly, they have a lot of football fans and their league is always ranked either sixth or seventh in the rankings
It's much easier to live in the black and white world.
Macedonian
I was there twice, I've never seen a person eating and walking, except occasional tourists (and even that was rare)
Crackpot
Like our Vodja and the whole SNS, horrible people, trust me, it's true.
It should be, but Serbia fucked up to much during the break up of Yugoslavia for most to support it, except for Spin and a few others scared of secessionist movements.
Provence is lovely from what I've seen of it, I liked the smaller cities but not the bigger ones, or the most famous ones.
Kids are very sensitive at that age.
And with their salaries they could afford to go on vacations to Greece, Spain, Malta, Tunissia, Italy, Germany, France
Vladimir Lazarevic who was a convicted war criminal after the war in Yugoslavia is considered a national hero in Serbia.
Congrats to you as well, Halep did a good job :D
Just don't spend the night in your car on the side of the road.
I see he is the brand there, like in Wien he is everywhere
Why does everyone seem to dislike Serbia?
From 630/780 (depends who you ask) until 1459 (important note although in early period we were mostly independent and kinda doing our own thing, we were as well briefly occupied or annexed by Byzantines or Bulgarians for some short periods, this as well includes all Serb inhabited states like Raška, Duklja, Travunija and Paganija)
No one made them enter the Chinese market
Thank you Montenegro for centuries of being bros, and particularly for Battle of Mojkovac
Everybody should try a good makovnjaca, it kicks ass
You're just waiting for a chance to backstab us.
Chartreuse is fantastic
Ty man, in serbian you dont have spelling like in english or franch (one leather one sound, no "silent" leathers in words, imagine if all words you pronounce like hit)
Låt oss krossa dom
Nema loseg vremena, samo nepropisnog oblacenja
Even before that Bosnian Kings were warring with Serbian empire/kingdom over territory
This is all a 4 year process
And now all the other dialects are inside these 3 groups
That tends to happen when someone saves your life, also staunch hatred of Russia, because Serbia is Russia's little baby as you can see on the pic
Here in Serbia in most parts its ok to drink it and we do,but in some parts water isn't drinkable, but i personaly drink tap water
We also have Aleksa which is also a male name but might not be perceived as such anymore (thx Amazon)
Izgubljen kao kuče u liftu - Lost (confused) like a dog in the elevator
Erm, Serbia wasn't a part of Austro-Hungarian Empire.
And how do you know I'm Slavic??
Most popular songs:
Baba daruje hranu (paprikas, probably :-)
Are strategic raw materials scarce in Serbia and abundant in Kosovo?
That's called white priviledge.
We have [something similar] to the building in the op
Of course all would be within the boundaries of the rules.
I do live in Serbia, and I do know about the political situation here fairly well.
>*Truth and honour, freedom and courtesy
The better the life standard the earlier they leave home
We all like turbofolk music
When did Serbia actually invade Bosnia im curious?
Serbia holds the bizarre idea that it can decide when nations can and cannot be created.
Please have some understanding, we have presidential elections in April and polls suggest current president is in the gutter.
If you can't fight it, legalize it.
Lmao the same crap can be said about Serbia 😂
lol why would any Serb be killed in Kosovo
Not my native, but the croatian wikipedia is the only one calling Nikola Tesla a croat
And they certainly weren't accurate in that regard.
what is that between bosnia and greece
It reads a bit stuttery, but it's completely correct
Srpska anymore since they're not allowed due to the Dayton Agreement.
These people are not what i'd call well-dressed
Why should Serbians leave Srpska?
That is true, but in practice Ekavian is taught in schools and all media is in Ekavian
Republika Srpska was formed as part of the Dayton Agreements, which, afaik were never broken.
According to Ottoman sources, Serbian forces also destroyed mosques in Leskovac, Prokuplje, and Vranje
It's nice and all, but it doesn't look nearly this good in person
Hahahahahah, can't wait to see this
Vaccines are mandatory in Serbia aswell
You didn't packed them to leave, they left because they were afraid of you, not without reason.
Also their support is also amazing
Don't expect the public to have an informed opinion about the issue -- I can guarantee you that most people will only think in terms of how it affects their life in the short-term.
Legalized
She's from the south of Serbia...
Meaning most don't care, some like him (boomers) and some don't. Even Nazi collaborator Milan Nedić is contraversial because yes he helped the Germans exterminate Serbias Jews but then again he saved and sheltered Serbs from the NDH and Nazies
We can get the gist of Slovaks and Czechs if they speak slower and Polish is a bit harder for me personally
Also you can hear some rumblings about Vojvodina independence or joining Hungary, but those are mostly ignored
I'm not sure about that but I know that we Serbs take pride in having domestic monarchies ruling over us during the period where having germanic monarchy was  the trend in Europe
Kosovo is independent and free state that is free from Serbian oppression and threat of extermination.
In every single thread a Balkan country is mentioned some Serbian dude will come out of their hole and try to make it about them or play the victim card.
[For those who need proof of Serbian black people]
How can you even make these kind of claims?
Why is Vucic hated
Bitch got slain by Miloš Obilić.
Don't even care if they sound pretentious or wildly outdated
Interesting
It's just plain complicated and stuck in a stalemate
Pollution
I think the current math is that it will have to be 5 if PVV is to be excluded.
I guess the reason for the aggressive campaign against Serbia was to stop the fighting once and for all.
Croats be like: Serbian, Bosnian, Montenegrin
Could you please point out to what part of that comment was inspired by a propaganda?
Just remembered another train journey from Budapest I really enjoyed, to Belgrade, Serbia.
We are religous through out whole life
We can see with our own eyes how the conflict in Armenia is unraveling and we could all red about Turkeys army in Syria, no need for you to interpret it for me
-On my first job (relevant trainee civil eng
If I'm not mistaken Diners is fairly popular (not too much actually, but at least a known quantity) in Austria and Serbia (due to a cooperation agreement with the local DinaCard scheme).
&#x200B;
I kinda understand why the country is generally pro Russian they are kinda like a mini Russia.
Drz'te se, hrvati
Austro-Ugarska
Not to forget about Sara Kolak, the youngest woman to win in the Javelin at the summer olympics.
Dunno
Lmao, we have a parody of this song in Serbian:
Where the father in-law puts an apple on the highest tree in the bride’s yard, where the groom then has to then shoot it
Pisana forma je donekle i razumljiva (pogotovu danskog i norveskog) jer je danski krenuo prvi spelling standardizaciju i ostali su pratili.
Her father n law just moved back there to retire.
It can be "Sestrić" if it's your sister's son, or "Bratić" if it's your brother's son
U-Excitement(Узбуђење)
It seems as if this had went either way you'd again spin it into something anti-Serbia.
Yeah, Tesla was a prototype of mad scientist
They were obvusly sided with Serbia.
I see broken laws all over the place, yet still there's a certain group of countries taking moral high ground, while in fact they're even lower in the gutter.
"Štokavian", "kajkavian" and "čakavian". The difference between them is the way people say the word "what". Basically "what is this" can be said as "šta je ovo", "kaj je ovo" or "ča je ovo". Kajkavian and čakavian are only present in Croatia
Fuck em
000e yearly salary
Well, spot on for you to knowing Varg faith.
Why is no one mentioning whats happening in Montenegro right now
Yes, economically we are a shit hole, and our government is full of criminals, but you know what?
There isn't a single road with a limit of 130km/h
Having worked with the Japanese for the past 5 years, this doesn't surprise me at all
It's illegal under every possible law, 2
Bosnia for Yugo wars, again don't know but the first step is retards over here stopping denying Srebernica
And we are the ones who got illegally bombed by NATO with many innocent people dying and our economy being destroyed and a former part of our country breaking away
There will be other who will step in his place, but the action will not be forgoten
They fought on the side of the Austrians and many of them were also expelled and migrated to Vojvodina after the Great Turkish War, particularly Catholic Albanians who moved to Srem and were Croatized
Edit: since i read some comments i figured out this wasnt about phone keyboards
Well, they wouldn't if it wasn't for Serbia threatening with war for a propaganda train they themselves sendt towards Kosovo.....
US said that albanian people on kosovo were terorists year before agression on Serbia and Montenegro
Drago mi je što mogu da učestvujem u ovoj diskusiji
Edit for clarification: by bilingual, I meant that they're able to communicate in English without a huge problem, not that they're absolutely flawless in speaking it
If you are affraid of that then you are delusional, we do not have that kind of power lol.
I dont like her but I would vote for because I am sick of current EU, and Macron won't bring almost any change
You have no idea what you talking about
It's featured in all the touristy magnets
slonova - five, six
We basically don't eat any animal product, be it meat, fat, milk, eggs
Well, you should define big
Are you denying that NATO is the biggest possible threat Serbia faces?
Serbs also luve u
Serbia will be joining the EU soon and they're twice as poor as you.
And I said quite a few *thank you* to van driver who drove me to my doorstep when I was returning to SRB.
don't you have smoki, plazma, jafa, eurokrem?
Rane is also one of greatest movies in the last 20 years
I am one of those learning German and I don't.
Not the most shining point of our history to put it mildly.
Referendum day at first it was told Milo lost and I remember my whole school cheering, to have our dreams crushed later
Yeah, it sounds more lord of the rings than the actual job
While I haven't experienced Eastern Europe that much, I've been to a few countries like Poland, Serbia and Croatia.
Even in LIDL
OK, i get it, i heard about this Croatian theories, Pavelic would be proud...
It would be really nice if I was wrong, but I'm not
I am really, really not sure if they are trying to put so much hatred onto themselves to get obliterated by a white, christian man, once again
We don't really smile much (unless there's a good reason for it)
I guess i just never got the memo
Mobile version of Diablo was released to appease the Chinese market because people go crazy for mobile games there
So is the myth
I'm an atheist and I'm not a nationalist, I guess
that's some really stupid sentiment.
The Albanians were not on good terms with the Ottoman Empire at the time
> češkko
At least until we meet each other in Germany as gastarbeiter
This would just make things worsts and add more noise.
We do
Too bad this doesn't exist in Serbia
In my school there are four years of studying
45; sometimes never
Gastarbaiters working aborad in the West for a couple of months or so and coming back home and acting like they're Elon Musk all of a sudden just because they spent a season carrying boxes in some random German factory
Oh we have fake cycling lanes
3 different words being used in Serbia.
I guess every geopolitical analyst in the world is fed by Russian and Chinese propaganda
I think the Turks only held onto it like a century.
It is still a question of debate among historians.
[Presidential election 2015-14] the incumbent president failed to win a second term and was defeated by only 32.509 votes.
p. 162
weird, because I think that for germans.
Yeah, yeah that's it
Vaccines are mandatory in Serbia aswell
There is a difference between generations, but it's really not on anyone's minds that much
Bosnia of course
Djokovic won Wimbledon
How do people abroad see the problem with clear lense, when their usual rhetoric is how Serbia should separate itself further from the West and align itself with Russia and the East which is doing drastically worse economically?
The outcome would be that Yugoslavia would stick together and change some economic policies
Great of course
I don't know about other countries, but in the US, Serbia is not normally on the news, and I'm extremely dubious that the typical American has any awareness of or like or dislike of Serbia.
I would add my birth town Brus,  translated to Bra
The more you squirm the more Balkan you look, my brother
I've met my fair share of overly tactile people and I always hope my facial expression alone would be enough to make them stop, but there were times when I had to be explicit.
And Vucic completelly removed Russian news services from Serbia yet the relations are still good
Russia is back into the proxy wars mentality.
If it wasn't for the title I would put my bet on those scenes being from Republika Srpska.
In general, I match the script to its "environment", as it should be done
I can usually differentiate people from Bosnia and sometimes from Croatia
I would say you are the first who doing that.
Getting N Kosovo for Serbia is more than they had yesterday.
There are so many things you could criticize Trump yet you and the MSM decide to push this half baked conspiracy theory down our throat.
We also learn about other major cultures, and spend some time with them, like Mongolian empire or Huns among others
Glad to see someone actually doing research into this topic.
Personally,I don't think our countries have something particular in common rather than..orthodoxy ?
I find him really charismatic, and i love his voice, but i understand he's somehow controversial
Serbia and all the other republics of Yugoslavia had their own separate constitutions.
For example, the love affair with 1980s Yugoslav rock.
>*(When Yashar Pasha Džinić wanted to raze the Orthodox church in Babin Most (around 1830), Albanians from that village opposed it
Albanians at the time were not allowed in the Serb Military anymore.
* sad šajkača noises *
edit: typo
Well, at least Serbia has a very pro-EU government now and want to speed the process as much as possible.
Maybe Croatians in Bosnia form it themselves, who knows what will happen in 5,10,15 years?
Ok some may, but they're rare
no, that's classic liberalism, just like it says
If you read the comments on Serbian news sites (and particulary the one linked in OP) you will see that nobody is buying this shit over here.
Well try asking the land about its nationality
BiH, Albania and Macedonia need 10+ years of hard work easily and they are yet to start (even if BiH officially applied).
Yeah, but it's not as disastrous as people say it is
It's a way of drawing the attention from the main problem yes.
Well it is Christmas Eve in Serbia, so yes we do celebrate
Accepted but you what I've realised is that heavily criticising religions is seen as rather rude
(Original - šatrovački - literal - slang)
He wanted transform the Empire not destroy.
As I'm alerady planing a half-europe-bicycle-tripthat's quite easy, we'd start in southern lower saxony, cross the border to the Netherlands and visit some cities (Amersfoort,Utrecht...), then we'll cross the southern border to belgium and somehow have to try to get Antwerp and Brussels and than back to the coast, then cross to France( Lille, Reims, Paris) have a two weekish break in Paris, then travel trough the Val'de'Loire, at the bay of Biskaya we'll head south throug Euskadi travel the northern spanish coast till we reach La Coruna, then turn south and visit Porto and then Lisbon, from there we'll head to Madrid, take a one weekish break,next stops are Valencia and then Catalonia with Barcelona, up next is Andora-la-vella then the southern coast of France with Monaco, then we'll hit Italy follow the coast of the Thyrenian sea to the mouth of the Tiber-river, up the Tiiber catch rome and the vatican, then take a plane to Pantelleria, and after that Malta, when we are back we'll go up the boot again to switzerland then go east to liechtenstein, then Austria, we'll stay a week in Vienna, then down agian to Verona and the Lago di Garda (and somehow catch San Marino) then east towards Slovenia visit Ljublanja after that we'll take on the Balcans (somehow) visit relatives of friends in Bosnia, Serbia, Macedonia...
In that order
Fact: Serbia was the only country pro-unity.
Note though that those are minimal atm
Eating something without it would feel like I haven't eaten at all
It's older than the universe
You could argue it works in china
Question for croatians:
We reached a 10th of a milion subscribers
FYI, only slivowitz is collored by oak barrels
Austrian prince decides to parade in newly annexed bosnia on the **biggest** serbian holiday and gets shot by a nationalist.
They say,,Wages are up by 3% this month"while they're same or lower than last few months
There are strong historical ties, that is true, but that doesn't mean that we actually support what  they are doing nor that we are preparing to go to war
He a little confused but he got the spirit
I'm a dual German/American citizen living in Chicago and have lived in a neighborhood with a ton of European immigrants and Mexicans.
I like it but I'd like to experience living in another country aswell
Exoskeleton(Kinda)
If you want to bring politics and their national character into this, not getting along with Europeans is sort of the most European thing ever
Yes a bit because it is so so so complicated and has no rules at all
Maan have you been anywhere outside of your first world echo chamber
Serb citizens require a passport to enter the EU.
The only reason the Radicals got as much support as they did in the last elections is because Seselj got released from the trials.
In Hungary, Győr-Moson-Sopron County (west) is different than Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County (north-east).
You are not my long lost friend
Serbia from 1878-1921
That's exactly the same thing in Serbia....Pro-Russian president, and a vocal minority (7-14% of voters) so i ask you again, how are we different?
There were only questions
Sadly that's just the way things are in the Balkans.
I've only ever read one strip with him in a collection of comics of sorts.
Ancient Belgrade
Always loved Turul, awesome creature.
How can you ahow 1900's data with 2020 regional borders
The pro-EU coalition is pro-Russian
However, if you help me out with some fat envelope, which I'm in need, I may be able to answer that question on Tuesday
These are indeed nice historical photos, at the same time let us remember that people in the pictures were dressed with folk clothes on purpose.
so if Serbia joins EU, me as a citizen from Kosovo will also benefit from it?
No shit Sherlock
This
Speaking like that is supposed to be cool
In /r/Serbia Tesla always looks what other Serbs do.
We do, theres actually no clouds in the sky as I'm typing this
Names like Lav, Mia, Vanja (this one is unisex) are just repulsive to me
Would read it out as Dee-ya-wat-rio.
Tako se resava musolinija
I doubt you'll going to see it, if at all
[we have something similar, they're coated peanuts though]
Maybe I was misinformed that there is discrimination
Could you tell me or point me to some sources
\> does nothing to integrate them because human rights lol
Serbians don't live in Bosnia, Serbs do.
The IT sector is becoming the main thing here and the market is in high demand for programmers
Honestly, better to be a centrist in power pushed by right/left to do something, and prevent them coming to power, than to have right or left in power.
Eyes, ears, honey-sweet mouth
8th most populous city in Ukraine.
I think it's the same in Serbia
If this thread doesn't fall under agenda pushing then I don't know what is...
Like you I'm below average height, around 179cm and it's 182-183cm standard here
Hiding beauty:
you're welcome
What an understatement for Serbia
The police caught the guys, but the cauldron was smashed and sold as used copper for scrap metal
What I meant is that people here are ultra partisan and even if you criticize the Eu or its policies in a constractive, non-offensive way, you will still get mass downvoted.
Firstly, it varies wildly by candidate members.
Yes, I just didn't want to overextend my post but you are abs.
[Another imposing image of the castle walls from ground-level]
After that go to your neighbor's house say hello to them, then bring back your car (test to see if it works again) and then enter the neighbor's house
Yup, but still, over 90% of people who got Hungarian passports are ethnic Hungarians (I have no official sauce but read in newspapers).
You actually don't have it anymore, at least not since 1977.
According to this map, Montenegro has conquered Kosovo.
I would say we have even higher number of unregister weapons, since there is a tradition to keep your armament from wars, since every few decades someone decides its a good idea to wage a war or invade us
He walked out from a Soviet congress and basically said fuck off to Stalin.
They are Albanians
You mean Hong Kong
Every farmer I've met has some gear like that standing by.
You're wrong mate Aleksandar Vučić himself had a meeting with the tectonic plates
The biggest problem though is that 8mm is not very common and parts for it are available but not abundant.
Then later "WHAT
Small and medium pharma companies do very little adverstising.
Meanwhile holding Sweden's flag (because you probably left Serbia and emigrated to Sweden) to seem honest.
C'mon, do you even try to use common sence?
Similarly we can find a lot of car industries across Europe
Nothing else comes to mind, majority of places I remember are by associating them with an object or a person
Better do sanctions on whoever was behind these wars.
But, if I had to chose just one, I'd definitely go with Libushe for sure, the mythical founder and first queen of Prague, since I'm partially Czech myself
I've been three times and loved the people Its one of the few European countries that hasn't been touched by tourism outside of Belgrade.
Most villages are dying and people living in flats and what not
If he has the "Cyprus" flair I'm gonna bet Greek
Not necessarily normal, but considering their work ethic and the increasing number of NEETs that the older generations frown on, it makes perfect sense
>Serbia wrapped around Macedonia and bordered Greece in the west
As a Community fan im familiar with that feeling of "will they do next season or won't they"
A lot of Serbia's historical legacy/heritage is based in Kosovo, so to Serbs, losing Kosovo would be like losing a part of their history/identity.
This would leave me right near Morocco, not too sure if I will continue on to other parts of northern Africa after.
Serbia in 67 was still under Ottoman occupation while Romanian principality was a vassal state of Ottoman Empire too.
You seriously want to have Serbia, Croatia and Slovenia in the same union?
There wasn't lol
Most of our Orthodox customs are originally pagan, even the Christmas ones - paljenje badnjaka etc
Plus I'm fairly certain, being next to a third world country and all, that we'll end up sending them aid in some way.
It's just a joke i always watched stuff like pro7 and very often i heard people complain about the weather even if it was winter or summer
Protected with a mirror:
women going to the doctor instead of causing stillbirth or worse.
Living with parents doesn't cost anything
I'm glad it's doing better
We had enough wars for no reason already
We killed all of them
Does it have to be modern or not
"Heroin is moved through Balkan NATO states, Trump is right" - Adriatic Institue President says
Germany and Europe in general can only take so many people and I haven't even mentioned how incompatible our cultures and laws are compared to the majority of countries these migrants come from.
Bolded is what I changed and am not that certain about
They would reach to Atlantic if there wasn't Normandy landings, plus, allying with West wasn't of any particular help to them (they got jeeps and food, sure) but all the fighting had to be done by the Red Army itself.
No idea, but i fail to see why would straght men watch it.
I said, calling everyone that disagrees with you a nazi makes you a nazi
Besides Serbian and it's sister languages (Croatian, Bosnian and montenigran), regional official are Hungarian, Slovak, Ruthenian and albanian, and on local level Romanian, Czech, German, Bulgarian, Romani
Yea, there is a few ruins, also the capital Belgrade is a roman city, along with Nis, Sremska Mitrovica, Zemun ...
You would be surprised how many words we have in common
I see that in the end the money did it's things
Anyway I feel like I can deal with it, but if have to speak english for more than one day it kind of becomes stressful for me
Because we are stuck in the past with the way of thinking.
I still don't know the language that well to catch stuff like that, I can only see that he has a lot of views on youtube
Hope something comes out of it
Probably the things we did in Bosnia and Kosovo, those are darkest stains on our history
And it surprised me, the way the unit can work even at -20, it's mindblowing that you actually make the winter even colder so you can get warm :)
Chinese, not so much either way.
I even ate poppy noodles in kindergarten
You think I want this shit
Been there skiing,i didn’t like it
KLA was designated as a terrorist organisation by even the US and it's chief members are the figureheads of the country) and criminals
False, they invested a lot in the country, but they don't own it in any way.
We know where are the big ones (by area and popularity) like TX, NY, CA
Most people (not all) still love and listen to ex-Yu music and movies made at the time the country existed
There's Basque County, or some with the weight of Texa's independentism (Balearic Islands and Valencia, which seek somewhat that some people call *Catalan Countries*, Galicia and Andalucia).
Other than that there's touristic Channels that post videos about many stuff
Last year, there were like 2 days of snow in January I think which was like 2 inches and that’s about it
And just pretty much everyone is smoking
Wow, Ireland is much lower than I expected.
Maybe the Yugoslav one, but more contraversial than anything
So i live car drive away from most, and a plane ride from some
That would be the wisest thing to do if it was like any other piece of land, however, Kosovo has a big importance to Serbian heritage and history, so the smartest thing would be to give them semi-autonomy, they have their own police force and stuff like that, but are our territory and answer to the president, and if need be (for example they start abusing it) we can move in our police
I wish the Slovenes didn’t leave, I wish the Croats didn’t leave the congress  and the party
General Protić during the war, and after him, was the chief proponent of the policy of the eviction of Muslims, including Albanians, from Serbia
Are we you
100 dinars - 1
ethnicities definitely existed back then.
Pihtije, čvarci, krvavica, jagnjeće sarme
Imagine being able to trust your own goverment lmao couldnt imagine that
I've forgetten about Monica Seles.
Romanians sure have a blast when visiting Pula, Croatia
We all know what's going to happen if Serbia tries to move a military into Kosovo.
Sindjelic is one of the top 5 badasses of Serbian history in my book, even his alleged last words are epic.
We say no to soviets, almost go to war, then Stalin dies, then Soviets invade hungary, we almost go to war, then Soviets invade Czechoslovakia, almost to war
Unsurprisingly the majority in Kosovo chose to seek independence.
They only considered EU countries it seems, I guess it should have been "European Union" rather than "Europe" in the title.
I'm also interested in Dusseldorf and its modern architecture
(I started learning French in 1990, mais j’ai oublié quelques chose
Albanian-majority Preševo and Bujanovac don't either have a right to split away from Serbia and join Kosovo.
Ah yes, the biggest problem eastern Europe has ever had is Covid, bruh if we continue like this we gonna become "North Korea the sequel️"
So you would equally include in your national pantheon and history and label as "Macedonians" rivaling Bulgarian, Serb and Greek bands who fought *against* eachother and there was almost [a mini-war] between them with each side wanting to create an independent Macedonia by itself, which would then join either Greece, Bulgaria or Serbia?
I seriously doubt that Serbia is planning on invading anyone so that's a reasonable attitude to have.
Every German that makes a DNA test will see that he has ancestors coming from Sweden, Italy, Spain, Britain and everything in between.
Eh, Serbia is weird in that, it gets extremely warm in summer (up to 40C, sometimes it can go over) and unbelievably cold in winter (down to -20) TLDR; Serbs need a big wardrobe.
Yeah, other slavs too
To me, water makes much more sense as a fundamental right than things like protection from discrimination and education.
i know of one more "circle party" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Call of heroes: pompolic wars
Kite = Dicks
They are responsible for millions of lives lost in the last two decades alone
Serbian Cyrillic:
Here it is taught quite a bit
Turkey is much closer to EU membership than Serbia, Ukraine and others.
Yeah, Svetlana but stress on the first syllable.
why would they have to invade Serbia?
ah, i always misinterpret that one.
There are rumors that Belgrade has massive undergrounds
Serbia and Montenegro,Serbia and Bosnia
In Belgrade as well and its the same for me
Yeah and he wasn't really that big of a nationalist like Kossuth so at the time he was viewed as a political outcast.
" But then, I had to stop the thing, and I didn't know how so I just fell over humiliating myself
Well at least we know how he has money to smoke regurarly
There is still no sign of Serbia language :/
I've never encountered this, I'll be in the look out next time I go see a film
You guys are seriously delusional.
Bread is ~0
We had them in Serbia too, we also had uskoci which were like hajduci but instead of going backt to a forest to hide from the Turks they would retreat to a neighbouring country and wait a little before striking again
Like gimme a break
Which one
Joker sucked, while we're at it
Average wage in town i am is 200 Euros so it's more than half of average monthly wage
I can't tell you how corrupt is my country, because you didn't ask that question on the LBOŠ form, and you need to add your birth certificate and citizenship along M24 form
The courts are independent but only in theory
Not liking russia is alright but being delusional about it isnt
Idk really, last i remember theyre a small south kosovo province that wants seperation
Now it usually snows only few times per winter and it melts pretty fast
Although sometimes I worry about how well some rural Hungarians who come to my city will speak Serbian because of that reason
First print, then cursive
when Israeli rockets are not falling.
Once we have all of them, we just drive into each country, overthrow the dictator, then go do that to the next one
I suspect that Vucic and many around him are pro-west for the most part, they just aren't very vocal about it because they have to keep up appearances, especially regarding Kosovo.
They ‘predu’. Mačka prede= A cat purrs
Plus ya can do many stuff and work in many areas with this like social services, notary (the lad that that puts in the stamp to guarantee the validity of a document like yer will or legalise some shit)
You can see that it was all targeted and did for money
They're pretty much impossible for youth to shoplift.
That's where you're wrong, kiddo
This symbol was pretty common in hungary which kikinda was part of back then
[This] says ours is 40%. Also we aren't in the EU
Hooligans of the local team are also known by being racist to black players of the opposing team, so they painted the whole nation as racist.
>Functional country, functional public institutions, functional local politicians, fighting corruption, educated fellow countryman
I've been to Shkodra and it didn't look that poor to me
I've given their articles about balkan numerous chances by reading them and i've regretted it every time.
Geographically, "European Turkey," a small region around Istanbul, is located in the Balkans.
I don't want that, thus I am in favor of the current system where the member states have the ability to decide individually what is and isn't good for them by vetoing or not vetoing a decision.
It's top three interesting things are the tower, the cathedral, and then the Subway nearby
That took an unexpected twist, I would like to know NATO reaction about being pushed away from these countries.
It's very tied to your title, bloodline and who your ancestors were.
And they would not be fixed by endlessly devaluating the lira.
Making it simple, they took all of their food and didn't give a flying fuck about the people who lived there.
Also, NATO was the one who put an end to it.
A lot of presidents have issued executive orders to limit certain migrants from entering the country.
Wtf Germans, firstly r/me_irl now Spain
Less than he expected, though, and 13% of votes is underwhelming if you consider that his was until very recently the leading party in the polls.
Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Serbia, Montenegro, Austria, Hungary, Italy, Switzerland, Czech republic, Poland, Liechtenstein, Belgium, Netherlands, Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Norway.
Also, the opinion that people from Albania are all somehow criminally affiliated backwards hillsmen
poljsko ó je bliže češkom ů, oba se čitaju /u:/ a nastala su od /o:/
East Germans have a very different outlook of immigrants that in the West.
Serbia, Greece, North Macedonia and Montenegro
Serbia, Albania, Bosnia, Scotland, Wales, ...
Every bloody holiday thousands of Greek tourists go to Belgrade and every summer we welcome thousands of Serbian tourists.
We have internet
Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka, Hiroshima, Kobe, Nagoya, Nagasaki, Niigata, Aomori, Sendai, Sapporo, Hakodate, Kumamoto, Fukuoka
do I actually need to write anything here
Hungarians and Serbians generally have good relations.
I was treated quite badly by Serbian government, it came to the point where I had to stay away form my house and neighborhood because regular and military police would show up at my door virtually every day.
Same old,same old
Ukrainan: 10-15%, sounds like a harder version of Russian, it's kinda strong and fast, it sounds like a mix between Polish and Russian
Because this all seriously sounds like Putin (or Erdogan-lite), and yet Serbia is at least theoretically trying to get into EU, which doesn't compute if the sitting government has a visible dictatorship over the freedom of speech.
No doubt about it, but while Serbia at least tries to maintain some sort of nominal neutrality between NATO/RU, Belarus is a straight up Russian satellite.
(I was talking about the Serbian one)
I've been living in Ireland for years now, so that might be why I prefer chilly weather
If people were just open minded and honest about their hate we would have no problems at all.
The ONLY slavic countries are Poland, Russia, Serbia and Czechia.
I'd consider my city (capital Belgrade) a very safe place to walk
Hungary - nah, we're cool
i find myself violently disagreeing with the premise of life - two party system, capitalist life is shit, and people run to reddit to defend musk and other poor millionaires
Everything outside Belgrade is Provincija or Unutrašnjost
I never understood people who will hate you because you come from a certain country
Belgrade used to have 'posh' accent but nowadays we speak kind of bland and unaccented serbian.
Croats or Bosnians using our words would sound pretty weird
Do you really think we're waging war
Its the moment I realized
Go to school at 7:30am
" "Oh it's my dick
Go attack Serbia and Greece and leave your rear undefended!
It's flourishing in the Netherlands for example because they made it legal so I have to disagree with you (unless by your definition the Netherlands is a failed state).
5 - 2 out of ~6
Seselj was openly advocate of gay rights even at the height of 90s. They had a lot of openly gay speakers at their rallies
Googled but I'm not sure if I get it, like an air conditioning unit but used only for heating
'U pički materini' which translates to 'In a mother's pussy'.
Verbal support that is
Dear Austrian: Don't worry, we've learned not to back you up when you have a quarrel with Serbia.
Very informative answer
Romania is double the size of Serbia tho, i wouldn't call it a small nation.
Serbians will choose their next president on April 2
Serbia will not sent troops or police to north kosovo, it's all play for internal politics purposes as seen many times before.
yeah
I'm not saying just in the 90s.
Being there after seeing it in history books is an experience in it's own
Well, Serbia doesn't "try" claiming Rep.
Average wage in Bosnia is 805 dollars per month and in Albania 452 dollars per month so both have lower wage than Serbia
I don't care if they are our enemy
But we'll see
My physics teacher was awesome tho.
Combine that with cheap alcohol, food, drugs, cigarettes and prostitutes, and you can live a really good life if you don't have any big ambitions.
Serbian church in Montenegro is like 400 years older than Montenegro itself
I don't think any issues in the 90s. Besides of course you wouldn't because you're not as strong as you used to be
Shit Milo is saying is ignoring history and making out Montenegro what it is not
This suits more for Americans
Serbia really is abnormally good.
It tells me that discriminant analysis is used but doesn't really elaborate as to how exactly they do that and with what data (the data pages are also 404.) It's still very interesting and I appreciate you sharing, please don't take this too critically.
I checked some half year ago serbian ministry of edication site, but didn t see this.
Tired of Serbians playing the victim all the time, shit is getting old yo.
I mean, I don't disagree with that, but that's a different thing.
The residential buildings were in that similar style, only smaller and in worse shape.
they retaliated against their own cultural heritage.
Luckily, my family has a tradition of interesting names, so, it wouldn't be entirely far-fetched for us when you think about it
Though I'm not going to reveal my last name, I have been told my family got the name by killing Turks.
oh well thank god we changed that lol.
We all said yeah, we do
Nobody deserves this
Шта ти није јасно?
Well that and half the country would riot against it
Basically the same here, with certain exceptions.
I think Vucic (current Serbian president) is up there, but probably Milosevic (he probably isn't most hated, but most controversial for sure)
But there are some places who I can't even understand if they talk like they normally do
But why does everyone know about this song seriously?
Just came to say the same thing, Marseilles is not worth all that time, if any on this trip.
Do nothing the rest of the day
yeah, just be a nazi ally
Watch out, if the far-right wins in Austria the wave will rise even higher.
He needed to die
u/savevideo
That is exactly what the OP is protesting, and what i explained is wrong, generalizations are wrong in any case.
In my wedding in the US, we had to wear Serbian flags and the church had Serbian flags all over.
Bosnia, Montenegro,turkey
Oči, uši, usta medena
Go = Naked
Oppressed Serbian minority, you say?
As far as regular people overall I didn't have a problems.
Anyway, I was born and spent most of my childhood in Montenegro
They're the same type of people you know would do the same to humans if they could.
Serbia would never ever abandon Russia and puck the west instead.
The Europeans likewise caused or escalated certain conflicts that wouldn't have existed if they didn't act, but you won't hear people talk about them positively these days
It was ingrained so well, that there were constant conflicts between Orthodox and Monophysites.
Good one
You are refering to us as if we made those decisions
The ship was sunk and restored three times and now it's been purchased by the Serbian army and will be restored again.
Albania, Serbia or Montenegro will be next.
Besides Novi Sad which is famous for Exit music festival Belgrade is really popular with "splavovi" (rafts on Danube which have 2 floors and fancy atmosphere [some splav images] and it is in top ratings for partying capitals, [lonely planet gave it no1] For foreigners prices are really cheap compared to what they are used to, we are super invested in partying as it can last up to 5 am and then afterparty is also an option
I've experienced the same in Portugal and Serbia.
Idk why but I read Pizza Hut the first time,even though nearest pizza hut for me is in Moscow
Imamo ga u ćirilici ali zamenjuje slovo 'u'.
In Serbia it's probably [Pljeskavica]
Recording Appears To Tie Serbian Nationalist To Crimea Seizure
The dude was just a Yugoslav - not a Serb - nationalist, he was dreaming of a Yugoslavia, not a Greater Serbia, plus, the starting of the war is debatable.
Art 1
You should really visit official UN website with list of countris and their borders
Serbia Accuses Kosovo of Planning Attack on Train
All I remember is the chicken scene.
Serbia has no veto power in BiH, what are you even talking about?
This is very poorly written and also has useless information
It's never justification, I just hate seeing one party in the area being vilified when they're all equally shitty throughout history
For me Polish sounds like a German trying to speak Russian while having a stroke
Where is it
9mil lad
Dont worry, serbia has friendly ~~concentation camp~~ hospitals
Yeah, over there it's just Russians waiting to kidnap you
It would hurt them much more and they'd have little benefit from invading any Baltic country.
What I was referring to was version in Greek at the time of his coronation: "Basileus and autokratōr of Serbia and of Romania". To be more precise it ment "of Roman lands" instead "of Romans".
Where did you got that from
I don't believe Serbia should politically align itself with the EU, and doing so because of money is prostitution.
It's usually performed when there is a host and guest role involved, such as family dinner, arrival of someone or birthdays, weddings and funerals
You can really notice that when you go to villages
That we are like the world's biggest exporter of raspberries or something
Ever dtowe thrue Hungary
Let alone the last century or the last 500 years.
Today Serbia celebrates its Statehood Day, honoring the beginning of the First Serbian Uprising in 1804 against the occupation of the county by the Ottoman Empire
I mean they didn't score twice as many goals for nothing
We sing happy birthday in a completely different tune than anyone else
10 dinars can buy you a small chocho bar ( bananica)
Cartulary books in Kosovo from 14th century tells very different story.
Actually Bulgaria, Serbia and Greece liberated all of the territories that were under the Ottoman rule, and that includes the Albania.
No, it's Yugoslav period chocolate and milk spread
All the movies and TV Shows are original with subtitles (which I love, btw - I don't want some random lame voice actors to ruin an amazing show for me - this way you can still get some jokes that would be lost in translation otherwise)
I didn't say anything bad about Bulgarian cousine, but comparing with the world-class Greek kitchen is just absurd.
The same thing happened with Bulgarians and Slavs
I am pointing that your story is already in the link I posted in my comment, and that you calling me to stop with the "propaganda" only shows that you didn't even looked the article.
Well technically so does the Black Sea.
Milosevic outright murdered his most known critic, Stambolic
Ah yes, the party that got 2% of the vote in the presidential election
Serbs will never give it away
I think even the biggest open border supporters can admit that Sweden has huge problems with assimilating the migrants that have come into the country in the recent years.
So between 1814 and 1939/40 there were no wars that Norway was involved in (AFAIK the break-up with Sweden was peaceful?).
If we really want to be precise the picture of Tesla on r/serbia is there from years, not even when the sub has been graphical changed the picture was removed/changed.
Dacic repeated that Serbia had a firm, steady relationship with Russia and that Serbia’s first address in case of a crisis was Moscow, not America.
Well other Slavic languages have the next one too, but other European languages don't have this feature
Moust of d pipl  (at list d madžorati of pipl i nou) spik a veri broken veržon of d lenguidž.
Odd reading the statement "if Europe could only unite" while Serbia threatens Kosovo.
I only said they would interfere with each other if there were more than 7 classes in a day
Yes, i know, and thats freaking awesome, good work guys :D
No mosquitoes
One of the coolest things about Serbia..
The fact you don't agree with the facts says that you only can't deal with reality.
Jevrej = Serbism and Serbian language.
Well except for pretty much the whole XX century.
Џ џ | Č č |Like J in just
i mean, the only difference between the two is the wealth, it seems
So, while Ceca ruled on Pink, Karleusa ruled on BK and they both set the standards of what's popular and profitable
Oh really i didn't know that, here in eastern Serbia there is a lot of Vlachs/Romanians and we always lived good with them and marriages between Serbs and Vlachs are pretty normal
Just did, had it sorted by Top so it was somewhere way below
The man who braged to Hitler that he made Belgrade jude frei.
If you aren't, then Macedonian, Bulgarian or Russian
When i was like 10 yo, i was convinced Portugal and The Netherlands are neighbor countries, and I absolutely have no idea why I thought that
The Albanians expelled from these regions moved over the new border to Kosovo, where the Ottoman authorities forced the Serb population out of the border region and settled the refugees there
Why would it become home for Crimean tatars?
If other person told you specifically to be on time, you should do it
As from my experience with traveling through BiH - true, wherever you are
Both of these are ruins of 2 castles that probably collapsed or something
People came from the east, and then they came (or were brought from) the west.
I was thinking more about the people rather than the governments
Remains of the original fort can be seen on the Belgrade fortress as well as numerous of marble statues and structures
Здраво, како си? Means hello, how are you in Serbian
Nobody in our country squats unless it's someone in the middle of the woods defecating.
Lada niva 4x4 eas one of the most popular cars here
They celebrate it daily in Serbia right?
He turned russia from shit to one of the strongest countries
Wake up whenever
Belgrade is to Serbia what Paris is to France, people like to act smug and like they are better than the rest of the country (especially if their family comes from Belgrade)
A villa overlooking the Danube River and Fruska gora mountain with a swimming pool and huge garden
Sombody said we need a ministry *for* corruption
We also have this custom of three kisses for acquaintances and distant family members, but not with close family
We just ask that you have understanding about the worry regarding the monasteries
Can't get any more Serbian than that.
Also because if they wouldn't have done that now, they would have never catched up with Tesla once their factory in Berlin is completed
He had the biggest army in the old Serbian Kingdom, so they relied on him
I really like it and would like to learn it
Would they consider themselves Croatian or Bosnian more than Serbian?
Once the wedding reception begins, the bride will ask all of the single ladies “Do you want me to pull your nose
Fourteen of them remain in custody, including some who have fought for pro-Russia rebels in eastern Ukraine.
Wait a moment, you are really trying to justify Ante Pavelić?
If you guys just rolled by it and went after whole Slavonia we would be fucked.
Let's call them terrorists instead.
So many countryballs that are not countries whats up with that
I know :( I guess for them it will be more of the same plus this resurgence of show-off religious crap
Some Europeans have already experienced that, don't generalize that much
Obviously this isn't just for hospitals, but it was an example
they're more like, say, English and Russian
You can use present tense to talk literally about any point in time, either past or future
If they are accepted with Borders excluding Kosovo that implicitly requires Serbia to recognise Kosovo Independence.
Serbia and Turkey have similar timeline for joining the EU...
It was a big loss for Serbia as both Germans and Jews were educated, way more educated than the average Serb.
According to a decent number of countries actually.
Don't really know what you are talking about
Slavonia: The poorest and easternmost region of Croatia.
• You also completely neglected to mention that Croatians got exactly what they wanted in the end in the form of Banovina of Croatia but that wasn't enough for them
It's honestly irritating to be bombarded by all this ''boomer, millennial, zoomer'' stuff recently, over internet
When I first saw a god damn map.
will be a huge dent to the "pRoUd tO bE euRoPeaN" crowd, other than that, I kinda expected it
Also i noticed they speak a little bit faster, while we speak a bit slower.
Il y a quelques semaines quand la rivière Dunav a gelé - et cette chose est très rare.
So either read it or dont comment.
This happened on both sides, it really is awful
Russian invasion of Ukraine is the result of NATO completely surrounding it I think that's pretty obvious
I think they could have made a base in any country around Serbia with enough money or strong-arm tactics.
But nvm that, i agree with your sentiment.
Gore gore gore gore
Ostali isto je slave ali u svojim kucama
Yugoslavia got nearly intact Bosnia and Herzegovina with Montenegro and quite rich Croatia and Slovenia where was majority of Yugoslavian industry (not destroyed by war), really war torn was only Serbia.
you may say whatever you want about communistic block infrastructure, but it's very good functioning for business
Also Serbia and Russia are not some kind of "brothers." Big misconception.
In my opinion, salary is not that significant factor because knowing the market here & if we calculate only **entry level** engineering positions (IT excluded), that small difference wouldn't considerably (non)contribute to savings
In elementary school, there were 6 classes in each grade, and we have 8 grades of el
I like it here in Serbia, I know a lot of people are moaning about our country being underdeveloped, but in my opinion I think that in the past 5 years, we've come far
Similar to other languages, it's thought to have been created by criminals as a way to not be understood by the police
I guess it fits the narrative where Serbs are evil and all others are saints.
It was so random and bizzare
I can't say I'm as well- traveled as I'd like to be, not yet, but this is the most enchanting building I've had the pleasure of seeing so far.
I could say similar things about Western Europe
As long as UNSC 1244 resolution is in effect, it cannot be an independent country.
I can't say I've been their fan for long or that I play too many games, but this was a pure disaster:
Move to Belgrade aka Serbian propaganda moves fast as well
The Europeans likewise caused or escalated certain conflicts that wouldn't have existed if they didn't act, but you won't hear people talk about them positively these days
I wouldn't have ever thought
Tito
Serbia declared independance first
Here it's free as long as they don't catch you
We were basically in charge of the while Balkans, Bulgaria was the only other Balkan country which had even close to our power
I was just wondering because I know that there's a lot of variation on the Croatian dialects but I guess it's not that pronounced around Serbia and in Montenegro.
Also, even if its Serbian imperialism to Croatia and Bosnia as you claim ,that makes Ethnic cleansing on Serbs in Kosovo okay?
It's near Zajecar and it's fairly preserved too
" -Nooo he supports the X party, you can't like him
Dont be fooled by all of this
Many Kosovar families are now practically "selling" their sons to go to Jihad for not-too-significant amounts of money, since local economy is non-existent.
Ask America to sell you weapons
But two months ago there was a huge outrage with state owned Postal service because packages from AliExpress were stolen by its employees
If it's only one hour on Air Serbia then save the $75.
Malcolm, Noel (1998)
especially dark if you know the context.
I didn't even know this was a thing
You misspelled
Sini jarko sunce sa Kosova
Brussels is not a foreign entity, it's *us*.
It's mostly praying to God that he leads our country and people, but it's pretty nice song on my opinion
Pros :
I can't even explain hov aids the todays mainstream music scene in Serbia is
I think you are mixing things up.
haha
I don't get it
But if they could choose between living in Russia or Germany, they'd choose Germany.
oh and don't argue with the "what about serbia stronk, remove kebab, what about war with bosnia"
I can not imagine how it must feel for the surviving relatives of those victims.
Perhaps only for the Calanques.
They tend to be not quite nice with Hungarians though...
Serbian is way different than ours, it has cases, some words are completely different, some are the opposite, grammar is not the same....
There's not just an ethnic Serbian presence in Bosnia.
I doubt they would risk provoking the Serbian minority in Kosovo to stop the train.
Belgrade and Novi Sad mostly, NS specifically because of Exit Music Festival
They refused to stop bombing Yugoslavia until Yugoslav government signed [Kumanovo Agreement]
Thank you for respecting and remembering our common history and maintaining the friendship
but how's that comparable
It was before 1054 when Great Schism separated the Church into Western (Latin) and Eastern branch.
I very much doubt that, given that you're a Croatian and I don't really see many Croatians in Serbia.
My thoughts exactly
I don't know about that movie, but it's a reference to the fall of Srebrenica in the 90s.
Weak for smiling
So 2 alphabets, 7 cases, 14 tenses, 4 accents, and some leftover grammar from proto-slavic aside
Well no, because Scotland is "Škotska" (shcot-skah) in Serbian, and likewise Scottish people are "škoti"
Listen to the locals talk as much as possible
There are barely any Jews in the Netherlands.
Still it's the only one saying he's croatian too.
French has a similar *-ie* though in words like Saxonie, Albanie, Hongrie, etc.
i don't typically remember names from here, but i do remember yours, as a flaming serb hater lol
Ally
Halkbank opened in Serbia in 2015, so it obviously gave a [positive] signal to potential Turkish investors...
There will be foreigners, Soros, Brussels, anything but the dictator
Look up bulgarian new years' even monsters.
It's just that my impression of Greece and Greeks, from my visits there and from online discussions and from geopolitics, contradicts your depiction quite a bit.
Accents in Serbia are alive and well.
Glasovna promena L u O. L prelazi u O kad se nadje na kraju sloga, "vol" je postalo "voo" i onda se desilo sažimanje vokala pa su 2 O postala 1
Tacno kako si reku
Vučić is a modern day dictator, the only difference is that he is EUs puppy, so neither EU nor NATO care much because he is a loyal hoe
I’m sick of all the stuff happening on Kosovo
Ljubljana has a pretty good social scene, check Metelkova (collection of concert venues, bars and galleries in an old military facility), Orto bar (lots of rock concerts) or just wander by the river with a bag of beers and look for company.
Did you even read this article?
Uhhh, NATO started several wars since WW2, are you one of those people that still think US and NATO fight for "freedom and democracy" and not to plunder third world countries
Then there are a bunch of other tiny minorities everywhere.
Until recently, these same people would be the ones defending Slobodan Milošević, but I see fascists try to co-opt him more often than before
Yea, we can't buy guns in Dis
Do you mean those locks on bridges?
For example if you happened to be a handsome groom, then your wife's mother is called "Tašta". But if you are a beautiful bride, then your husband's mother is called "Svekrva". Mother-in-law is just way too lazy imo
The same thing as Serbian,but with 10-30 different words and same letters
Indeed but you asked 'did we ever had a problem' :D not if you currently have a problem
So 2 alphabets, 7 cases, 14 tenses, 4 accents, and some leftover grammar from proto-slavic aside
Uncle can either be "Stric" (from father's side) or "Ujak" (from mother's side)
Macedonia
It's just plain complicated and stuck in a stalemate
Nothing can be done until a new, smarter generation of politicians rises to power in the region.
I've never heard of something like this happening before.
Yet his warm relations with EU/NATO preclude Serbian people from giving him a proper support, because he looks like a spineless puppy, as he is
Iiiiiii don't know man, we love you as a people, but as a country weeeelll I mean
It's the most recognisable building that's in the city
Just because someone us overweight doesn't mean they're not strong
In my experience with working with Italians, you are neither.
The only person I've seen having a gun is my dad which was working as a cop, but I never seen someone other that working as a cop.
Referendum results just showed what regular people think, now officials have to make formal moves.
Haven't been much in the countryside, but I really don't find Serbian or Hungarian cities to be easier to get by in compared to Romanian ones.
Because geography itself was inspired and incentivized by the glory and splendor of the magnificent USA
Why
The only people that come to mind are exactly why we shouldn't answer this one
> Bigger amount of vegetarians and vegans, also from a young age
And I know I chose it on purpose
Now that I think about it, it's a role of the dice really.
It is indeed weird - English would be much better
Young people here don't think much differently than their parents, while my parent's generation had a huge problem with their parents about stuff like rock music, weed, parties, discos, dating, etc
"Кнез Милан се у то време налазио у Нишу, окружен својим официрима. Посебно је био близак са генералом Костом Протићем и у конзулским круговима у Београду се сматрало да је владар под његовим утицајем. Генерал Протић је током рата, а и после њега, био главни заговорник политике исељавања муслимана, па и Албанаца, из Србије. Његове ставове делио је и већи део виших официра српске војске. Кнез Милан је током рата био сагласан са протеривањем Албанаца. \[Prince Milan at that time was located in Niš, surrounded by his officers
time your flight from calgary starts + hours your flight lasts + 8 hours = the time you arrive in germany.
Some are darker than others
Hostels costs usually something between 8 to 14€/night, often in including breakfast and sometimes even dinner (as in the "hostel mostel" in Sofia, Bulgaria, for example).
Here in Balkan there is whole group of "pruve we are original inhabitants" historians
During the Battle for kosovo in 1389, Emperor Lazar and his Vassals were fighting the Ottomans and Vuk was also there
She's not
After the last month elections, Serbia is one of two countries in Europe with no opposition in the parliament
You can tell it isn't Ireland because there is blue in the sky.
Europe's eastern border is the Ural mountains and always has been
Well, these guys did it, I think.
You were talking about Vukovar
Yeah that's a common thought people have unfortunately that everything a president does should look and feel "presidential".
We should trust Serbia to stay peaceful for eternity and not exterminate us in another round after what has happened?
I think because of Exit festival, Petrovaradin fortress is more famous to foreigners
If the country is struggling, EBU should offer to help.
I dont know how Serbia still see's Russia as an Brother.
Just imagine what's going through his head at that moment
Allowing Serbia in before Kosovo, Albania and Bosnia would be a fundamental mistake.
There isn't anything left of Yugoslavia
Exactly, but the point is that there IS a problem and it is very irresponsible to just laugh it off and pretend there is no problem and everything is fine.
I wonder how she feels about having to treat this man as an equal...
But their societies and their governments tend to point to a direction.
We met the "quote" thing even before it was agreed upon.
PERKELEEEEE
You don't think Yugoslavia's government is at fault?
There are various interviews where he states this, the most informative one being an episode of Cirilica with Vanja Bulic, where Maric straight out told him (Bulic) he ruined the cultural standards by allowing turbo folk to be played on national television, after which Bulic hurriedly left the studio
As it should be
I remember my father used to watch concerts on Pink TV when i was a kid.
Bulgaria and Serbia never branded themselvs as an empire.
We fought not only for ourselves, but for our brothers in the neighbouring countries.
Do you feel like Serbian monasteries that are over half a millennia old are your cultural heritage?
It's very hard to meet a swede randomly on the street, but as soon as you have some sort of a "connection" things change rapidly.
We buy the same beers we usually do
Female: 32
Not a separate country, just the second region of Serbia (Banat).
You should
you can always use something like trytreats.com or order from some other balkan online shop
who cares, they're in macedonia and they're a minority, and albanian is recognized as a minority language.
Communism doesn't discriminate on the basis of your skin color, or nationality
So is the myth
Even worse if they are *decepticons* who forged deal of overtaking earth with Serbia, Belarus and Rus as our earthly overlords.
It's chaotic and a pain to live in, but exciting as hell
Russia for helping save our ass in WW1, and for trying to help us in '99
People here don’t even know that atheists exist
God Bless America
7th January
Montenegro is quite stable for the region.
If Cyprus can get in so can Serbia.
Barcelona, London, Venice or Rome, Athens, St Petersburg or Moscow
If my memory serves, they're mostly in Lebanon and Cyprus with single digit number sprinkled around Africa.
Bulgaria for back stabbing in second Balkan war and WW1, again don't know why this is still an issue it was a long time ago
It's beautiful :o
Oh, thanks for elaborating
Serbia is an official candidate, which opened and closed several chapters, Kosovo is a possible candidate in the future, again which will never happen, Spain, Greece,Slovakia Romania and Cyprus will always veto it, and so will Serbia.
And VODKA
[Yeah, kinda like when children from Vojvodina in Serbia watched cartoons dubbed in Croatian and then their parents complained that their kids were speaking Croatian] XD
A lot of them claim to be Italians, but are, lets say, a bit more southern
Random would be nasumično/насумично/ nasumichno
Hope I helped, see you in beautiful Serbia
Palestine can become Israel only with referendum, like it happened with Crimea.
Yeah he simplified the writing so the people can learn to read more easily
ABOUT
Some of our girls probably dumped him
100 dinars can buy you burek or a sandwich
Roma in Kosovo: The justice that never came
Plus, they're constantly anti-Serbian.
But thinking biggest mistery is, why the fuck is his cousin roman
I started learning printed letters in kindergarten and cursive in 1st or 2nd grade I think
Quit putting words in my mouth and embarrassing yourself
I've already said I don't justify it that way.
(German highways are free, in Croatia and Serbia toll is collected on the roads)
They're not new countries at all
While I'd be really glad to see Erdogan's pissed off face as often as possible, this would be a clear violation of his free speech rights.
There's a lot we have in common when it comes to food so obviously some food exchanging happened over all those years.
The only way we'll get Kosovo back is if all Albanians decide to move
That is respectable and everything but still for nothing
Varoš is also in Serbian, but kinda archaic and I don't hear it's used
It sounds
Different lines will come up in different discussions, depending on the country people will highlight.
people from that region fighting for their rights
I'm not saying anyone is treated differently based on their profession, or that anyone has higher rights.
Half of the whole country supports the protests, having in mind that protests erupted in other cities as well
Albania, Montenegro, Macedonia, Serbia, Kosovo, Romania and Bulgaria.
Regarding the last thing, about the detergents, wasn't there a woman from Czech Republic a couple of years ago that was fighting for a law to get companies to export the same, western europe quality of stuff to eastern europe, and I THINK she specifically mentioned Poland
he's gonna touch it just because.
This is one of the odder situations like this.
We must also admit, that the only reason we do that, is because we feel threatened by Russia.
Nonexistent, dont remember seeing any cycling infrastructure
If I was Vucic, I'd pay for tourism to Baltic republics and Finland, just so that everyone gets to their mind with who we are supposed to be in union with
they are supporting a "every country on its own" policy that cannot work in the future.
Comparing to english spelling writing/ spelling in french is a piece of cake
Granted there is always random asshole or two, that will hurl an insult, but I can honestly say that I never got in to situation where I was afraid for my safety just because I'm Albanian.
Grecce with Thessaloniki and Athens then we'll turn towards Istanbul and if they are somewhat less dicktatorrish we'll have a one -week stay the next country would be Bulgaria with Sofia etc...
Yeah but we're not talking what if locations switched place, only if people did
It’s not expensive, but it’s hard to get there a bit, and then u see literally nothing
Serbia won't go under economic suicide, we recognise Crimea as Ukrainian and thats plenty, theres no need for us to lose much more money for Russia to lose pennies.
In a Serbian wedding, the bride fights bad luck by hiding garlic in her bosom
Free speech is free speech people, even if you disagree with them.
So, it’s not about guns
So they're the same everywhere...
Not like that will ever change with Bosnia existing in its current form
Sike no one learns Serbian
This lasted until they started living there (because of the trains stopping due to our country saying no to assisting Serbia and Greece in violating European border laws).
If you don't get the reference, our current President (Vucic" wrote a book called "Gay fart Tony Blair" after the '99 bombings
Stay safe brüder, I have family in the area, this hurts my soul
However, in the near future I think our goverments will match each other as well as people do (also depends on which person do people elect as a president)
\[6\] Sharing the faith of Ottoman authorities allowed northern Albanians to become allies and equals in the imperial system and gain security against neighbouring Orthodox Slavs
Right now it's dangerous to lay all the cards on the table, Serbia doesn't want to annoy Russia.
Big yikes from me
But, if I had to chose just one, I'd definitely go with Libushe for sure, the mythical founder and first queen of Prague, since I'm partially Czech myself
This sounds very superficial
Trump's inauguration, a train painted in the colours of the Serbian flag – featuring the slogan "Kosovo is Serbia" in 21 languages – departed Belgrade toward Mitrovica.
Hell it took me 5 years of investments just to fully renovate entire appartment
There are a lot of taverns, bakeries and "ćevabdžinice", so you can get drunk and full for a small amount of money.
Liked:
This guy is clearly a mad lad, what a legend
I have never been in Serbia tbh.
&#x200B;
Sadly, everyone remembers the war starting with Austria-Hungary attacking Serbia, but we generally don't learn or talk about what happens there afterwards.
It's a way of life here
Imagine defending the US on these blatant war crimes and escalations
Thank you Russia for helping us in the fight for independece from the Ottomans, joining  WWI after Austro-Hungaria declared war, not recognizing Kosovo as a state
Unlike Bulgaria and Romania who technically border Russia via sea and could have fallen into the Russian sphere of influence that simply doesn't matter for Serbia considering right now we're surrounded by NATO and EU members anyways
don't know a lot of 'em, but i'd pick Krystal Boyd aka Anjelica as my fav.
There's nothing good about forcing your children into your own ideas and opinions about politics.
That's not my point, i never said that didn't happen, but why do you accuse Serbs on downvoting?
Serbia is kicked out of ENQA im 2019
I replied to that, please follow the conversation.
Yet we are still figuring out why are we in the ex-Yu/Balkans in the mess that we are
well i assume you know about the riots.
We have a small river flotilla for laying and removing mines and a couple of icebreakers we lend to Serbia every winter.
Love others, but don't let them take over and dictate their rules in your country
It was one of the longest wars in history.
Currently Trepca is managed through Kosovo Privatization Agency, in a process deemed legal since UNMIK times.Serbian state owes exactly zero % of Trepca and any other Kosovo property.
Medieval Serbia is the same thing as modern one, disclamating it means disclaiming everything that happened prior to Turkish invasion.
There might not be a war again in Kosovo
It's built probably by the gypsies who live abroad and return to their fancy houses in holidays I think.
They're both in the north European continent, so why not?
This is exactly what the Ottomans exploited in our timeline
We have few of thouse č = ch
It's a shame when people spew crap like that, since 5g really is dangerous - for our wallets
They literally tried that and failed.
They were so tolerant that local warlord could sleep with your wife if he wanted to on the night after wedding and Turks could come and take your child so that you can never see it again.
[The Name of Mary Church] better known as the cathedral by locals even though it's not an actual cathedral
Not saying repiblika srpska's independence independence would be a good thing, in fact im against it.
Russian
The list is done by memory, but I think I nailed it (but anyone, feel free to correct me)
So yeah, it was awful and tragic decision, I remember that day - MPs were beaten by the people inside the very Parliament and Boris was evacuated to the Ilinden army base but still, it is better than the second option really.
God Bless America
Serbia just stole kebab removal skills from you guys, it all makes sense now.
There is big difference between wanting more autonomy or independence in a diplomatic way with a civil war way.
And only then are they declined
I don't think Assange is going anywhere.
Over 90% of the people use latin more.
I know serbian language and bulgarian language is different but they had told me they understood each other in a conversation enough to get the idea of the conversation and respond logical.
Why did they let them in their own country in the first place?
The Ottoman Empire, although suffering heavy casualties and losing its Sultan in the battle, managed to defeat and conquer Serbia
Do you really in your languages learn it together "hvala lijepa", I mean we to say "hvala lepo" but if somebody would ask me how to say Thank you I would just say "hvala". Lijepa/Lepo means nice(ly) or beautiful(ly)
The other being almost all of the same peoples + Hungarians + Romanians + Germans + Slovaks + Czechs + Ukranians + Poles on top of it
Can confirm
I through that it's the same in every country, but I'm really wrong
DJB is a fairly new political party, for example, which shows that creating a party is possible.
And only numbers up to 4 can be declined
Is that being discussed in the public?
Croatia only blocked one chapter, we opened other ones.
It's featured in all the touristy magnets
Careful, sweetie, facts, information, videos and the fact that even the Croatian military told Serbs in specific areas to "stay in their country Croatia" are available to general public, but seems like some were too paranoid and some were too GUILTY.
They didn't get annexed, the Montenegrin parliament made a decison to unite the country with Serbia.
And start spreading their fake history books in schools.
Pita, it could be rolled or laminated with filo for pita, and then we have burek, made with filo for burek
True, Poland was a Soviet satellite, but your country was ruled by your own people, as every republic was (except for the Russian one i suppose, which was ruled by a Georgian bandit who hated them, inflicting a world of suffering post-WW2)
All of them are very very old
A first person survival horor game that I see quite a few YouTubers covering
Serbia is pro eu 55% but only for economic reasons they still love Russia over there.
I would definitely be able to hold a conversation comfortably
At one time Serbia sent a song to the Eurovision which has a line "na ivici nerava", and I completely couldn't figure out what that meant until I went to google translate.
dIvErSity Is OuR sTrEnGtH
Slovakia and Romania have pretty major towns which are majority Hungarian, but there are some in Ukraine and Serbia too.
They don't really have a choice being surrounded by EU countries, but I don't believe Serbia is going join Nato.
I really have this impression that British public discourse is about *wanting* the EU to fail, especially since the Brexit vote.
You just have them in your house somewhere and never really use them.
what a shame
Go to prison
And became a judge of the dead, together with his brothers.
Certainly will be interesting if Serbia joins the EU.
Serbia had and still has a stupid nationalistic thinking...
Petty rhetoric aside, Serbia is doing the exact same thing as Croatia: trying to revitalize an obsolete military at least to some extent.
It's the first thing I do when I enter my house
[8][9][10][11]
Sure they got Kosovo, but thats more because US & NATO Politics
carrying it around the street with a suspicious look on his face and he was like
can you tell me what is that between Serbia, Macedonia, Albania and Montenegro
I'm unfamiliar with the effects of severe Serbian trauma.
4th is hard and Scottish is easy
Cant see this properly, im color blind
So it may not be popular, but not totally obscure there, either.
How the fuck are you worse than us
but when non liberal candidate wins, OMFG why did you vote, you are fascist and so on
Serbia: Two Suspects Detained In Alleged Montenegro Coup Attempt
>A) not an issue
Working hours were 6-16 and there were no state control neither labor inspection
you asked why is it misleading i answered why.
Fuck US
then is the US Flying simulator 2015?
girls doing embroidery
Serbia could change their constitution to greatly advantage them, but when Slovenia tried to do the same, they were stopped.
Now, concidering growing poppy, from what I'we heard, you need to register with the police if you are planning to grow it, and when harvest comes you have to surrender all poppy shells to them, to be disposed of
Well that and half the country would riot against it
As a result, the GDP per capita of Bosnia and other metrics is significantly worse than that of its neighbors.
So please stop baiting and bashing.
All parties are pro-EU, except SRS and Dveri.
Its just differnet for most of the names
Subotica - Little Saturday
In Serbia the smokes like a dragon - duva kao zmaj is used for Weed :D
That myth is made by business owners so employees wouldn't find out that the owner is underpaying some of them
Kosovo don't want to be part of Serbia and want to be part of Albania, that was the reason Kosovo was created.
I wasn't even talking about Romania or Romanians at all, I'm not sure what the point of this is
Also supporting us during 1999 bombardment and refusal to participate in it
I wonder what will happen with Belgrade Waterfront once the ruling party loses the elections!
Edit: Yeah **disregard** everything I said there
Probably 626
It can be past or present
Every time they make me smile on how they would react driving in Montenegro.
I grew up reading old SF magazines from Croatia (Sirius was probably best in Europe in that time), and Star Trek reruns on your national TV
Seriously, the greatest historical mistake of us Serbs is the fact that we did not depose the monarchy before the 20th century
If this didn’t happen, Serbian army would easily won the battle and would kick Ottomans from the Europe, preventing their campaign in the Middle ages
I got used to ait ais est e, etc
I fucked up
How does any of that have anything to do with socialism (worker's ownership of the means of production)?
Once again, you can fight evil on your wedding day by featuring a Zarac
These are just some basics of the problems.
Yeah, regular welfare is not unlimited and unconditional.
2% unliterate
18 years since start of NATO bombing
Stunning Old Photos of Yugoslavia from the 1920s
Not in Serbia, it's adjusted to our phonology.
Unlesse groom is bad at shooting, becuse first few shot every one is hypped then with each miss it get more silent and boring, and when its silent and boring it becomes aqwured
[Tell that the Prime Minister of Serbia.]
We also don't learn about our own countries history (well obviously we do) but how it fits into a whole European narrative
And cross only at official border crossings.
A few days ago was actually the 22 year anniversary of NATO agression against Yugoslavia
Paris isn't as bad as I expected
I see it as disgusting, and hate it, but many others don't really care and non-smokers mostly let smokrr friends smoke in their house which is stupid
I'm just saying in the beginning the Serbs who began separatist movements did have good justification for it, but the execution was horrible
We have a sham here
+50 experience for the next level.
The thing is we don't really change much when it comes to TV shows/movies
anything that comes to mind, i want to see how pricy are you ;D
I'm originally from Belgrade, it can get pretty damn hot there over the summer (high 30's and even 40+ at times)
From 1944 to 1990's, German destiny was in American and Soviet hands, and the outcome was not influenced one bit by German people
For that 40% (including Serbia of course) this would be considered an act of war towards Serbia (plus our country is governed by a bunch of assholes who want to stay in power)
Our hooligans are the worst shitheads to ever exist, ruining our country just for their stupidities.
Albanian Muslims are not comparable in any way to Middle-East and North-African Muslims.
And Montenegro said there were two Russian nationals among those arrested in Montenegro.
Ye, I hope we make this tensions into an rivalry banter in the future, we don't need to fight, especially since we have to work out our economies, industries and politics
Yeah the pasulj instead of grah thing is kind of a meme at this point everyone will know what you mean if you say either one
Correction: its been 9 years since Kosovo was stolen from Serbia.
Know as "buggery" here in Ireland, and I assume the same term is used in the British Isles.
I never understand why neighbors bring up the greater Albania as something dangerous when chances that something like that happening are basically zero.
Although it's not shown, I can pretty much confirm we are probably around the same percent as Romania.
The same however can be said about how some Croatians support or supported certain politicians that were heavily responsible for the deaths of many people and where many people were forced to leave their homes in the 90s. I am talking about Franjo Tudman and politicians like him
Also the recent diplomatic issues between Croatia and Slovenia, as well as Montenegro and Kosovo...
Yes especially with Croatia for WW2
Szekely Land
Granny Smith and golden delicious, and I don't know the names of the other ones
It would all either be occupied by Russia, Germany, or the US
Counterpoint: Belgrade is in no way boring
The difference between kosovsko-resavski and šumadijsko-vojvođanski is that kr would use less grammatical cases and would have stronger ekavian accent (šv: zdraviji, kr: zdravej, translation: healthier, notice e instead of i)
Otherwise, it would be like eg comparing the GDP of Serbia to the GDP of Yugoslavia: a comparison that doesn't have any usefulness.
Well, actually is NATO that started it by placing long range missiles pointed towards Russia in their eastern European countries as "defence measure".
Definitely the Netherlands
All they had to do was create Community of Serbian opstinas and they did nothing, even put taxes on goods from Serbia and BiH
You think you won't get taken advantage of ?
It's not like it's the only example of one people living in 2 different Countries.
(I think some Americans do actually think that Eastern Europe is like that)
and pretty much any other animal than has enough posion to kill 20 people.
Usually similar to gopniks they are poorly dressed very rude people
I'm happy that no one, not even Serbia's press believes his little story about ''albanian terorrist bombs etc.''
sladoled - sweet ice (ice cream)
My personal second pick would be Serbia for high firearms-per-capita and historically conservative Christian views.
I'd say most of them, apart from the Slovenia/Slovakia/Serbia, Andorra/Moldova, Netherlands/Luxembourg, which share main colors but not a RGB single property or the coat of arms.
First thing fuck off, saying things like " Serbs support Mladic" is so not true and clear that you have never been here
• Serbians were the most populous ethnic group by a huge difference
I am not even an ethnic Serb, but I must say it is a priceless cultural treasure
[**Merry Christmas from Serbia [1:30]**]
I am not saying that Serbia is a Trojan horse of Europe.
Nikolic is the president of Serbia, not the prime minister.
Croatia and Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
I'm indifferent of what your government does, but they should at least man up and admit its them that fuck up the relations between the two countries instead of always blaming it on us through their controlled media (and even the public statements).
Do you have a source
\- We're freaking tall
Šta ima
dude, she's trying to imply the society treats them as if they are
I simply loosely quoted the Wikipedia article.
I am not saying that Russians aren't agressive, I am saying that both parties are aggressive, both powers have to stop being militant to each other, only then can be peace and only then can NATO be "obsolete".
Skyhook for Serbia
There are factors that make the UDI valid.
I don't think this is a big taboo for us, except for war veterans obviously, and sometime they give their two cents as well
Is "chivalry" and French loanword or a Latin one?
southern serbia is snowed up as fuck.
Goldman Sachs is one of the shadiest corporations in the world.
Latin; almost always- Cyrillic only on government documents
Here I was thinking Serbia started the war by controlling the Yugoslav army and not granting the Slovenians, Croats and Bosnians independence.
Depends, some parties have places where parents can sit and chat other times they just drop off the kid
When did they invade us in the first place?
Even those bench warmers who never get to see the field earn 5
Ultimately they gave it to Ukraine but people were never happy about it.
Most of the people like the customs or observe them because it's proper or because it's something that their parents taught them to do
I think because they should be independent first.
They're just hurting themselves - there's a reason Ireland put the effort into staying on good terms with Northern Ireland.
Oh wait, I forgot, Serbia lost to the USA.
It seems to me you are misrepresenting everything.
My friend moved to Shanghai with her husband and son and when they went to Disneyland recently, so many Chinese visitors wanted a photo with her son
Add suspicious privatisation involved high ranking politicians, diplomats and people in the army to that
There is one about famous singer cheating her footballer husband with another, younger footballer
The way I learned 99% English and the reason I can do an English test 100% intuitively is because of video games and youtube
Serbia from 1878-1921
Population may be up but living space is ever-shrinking.
If the current situation stays - sleeping keg of powder.
once you go competitive you never come back
I'd be annoyed as fuck if I had to wear shoes indoors as well
I laughed my ass of many times while watching that show, and the movie that followed it :D But i doubt the humor translates well into English?
Although it is possible he is a Croatian Serb as you said.
Not even worth to talk about this, there is no way Serbia will attack Kosovo
how many people have died over this stupidity...
Digitron for Calculator (Digitron was actually a company that produced calculators in Yugoslavia)
What UK citizens will be facing from me is most certainly "deliberate hostility" if they try to pay me in pounds again.
I mean the solidarity of random strangers is really strong
The ominous implication was that Albanians, as non-Slavs, were not even capable of assimilation
A long, hard road still lay ahead to that blessed day.
There are currently tens of thousands of employees like these, and nobody wants to fire them because they and their families are loyal voters of the ruling party.
I’m afraid to mention Balkan wars lol
And only then are they declined
Neutral good is my favorite one, I ate it once.
I'm a dual German American citizen and voted for Trump.
Favourite heroes by a long shot <3
You compare Serbia to Turkey only because of one train, which admittedly was really stupid, but how is that comparable to orchestrating a coup in Turkey, firing all the opposition and imprisoning people?
Yes this is amazing
Montenegro: every kind of natural beauty packed up in that small country.
Dear god now there is a 3rd
Side-note: isn't Šešelj the only one giving the appearance of caring?
Does this include independence war casualties for turkey too?
We don't need the government nor social media sites telling us what is and isn't fake news, especially that the mainstream media is also involved in spreading it.
One of the first civilisations was in Serbia (located in lepinski Vir)
Also, UCK started the armed insurgency, did you expect Serbia not to reply with force?
No one knows how pro eu serbians are, and no one will know until the referendum, so please don't spin that shit here.
And chancelor Palpatine is evil
Kosovo is an independent state.
Drive to Edirne (TR) in one way.
If you use this term to refer to Russia it can be used for literally any country in history
When have you heard that one before?
Sorry to inform you that your opinion couldn't be further from the actual truth
Not all EU members recognize Kosovo.
I'm glad to hear it
it's not racism, she simply isn't pretty enough and that's what people are raving about.
Yes, we use "jutro" for area measurment of arable land
Most american movies where someone is speaking "serbian" : half of the time it's btoken russian, and other half is just random sound (I'm guessing how Americans hear it
All European nations should be allowed.
Anyone can edit the pages, but more prominent articles are usually kept under watch by the moderation team.
Slovenia, Croatia, Macedonia and Bosnia declared independence of Yugoslavia, it is only natural all the equipment went to Serbia-Montenegro because they were what was left of it.
maybe someone older can chime in, but romania, bulgaria and hungary were definitely worse off than yugoslavia.
Yep, and Croatia is a member of the European union.
Still, the parent's view of the USA is beyond childish.
Once all this covid crap is over, I hope to visit Bretagne, it seems like such a lovely region
The initial sparks of the first Balkan War in 1912 were ignited by the Albanian uprising between 1908 and 1910, which had the aim of opposing the Young Turk policies of consolidation of the Ottoman Empire.[59] Following the eventual weakening of the Ottoman Empire in the Balkans, Serbia, Greece, and Bulgaria declared war, seizing the remaining Ottoman territory in Europe.
Her icon was damaged by the Turks by scratching out the eyes, a typical method of icon defacing
It happens all the time, don’t worry, we look alike, but their heads are larger
As it should be
Congratulations to free and independent Kosovo.
It's a lot easier for Croat, who wasn't exposed to kajkavian, to understand standard Serbian than Kajkavian dialect.
I sometimes use them, but that is because a Spanish friend introduced them to me, but otherwise I wouldn't have known about them
I don't think Serbia cares this time around.
Unless your leadership suffers severe mental retardation, than it ain't going to happen.
Err, you should read again what I wrote.
It's always a pretty big story with loads of police and stuff.
I totally get it, but as you see now Albanians want to push for Preshevo and Medvedja to join Kosovo, just because we let Kosovo leave without much struggle.
Fun fact: Giuseppe Garibaldi, who with his *Mille* (thousand) unified Italy, was actually a slaver in South America before being given the role to unify Italy by Savoia's.
Little Russia doing Russian things
Czy nie
Vilhelm is also correct
> Anti-Antifa is usually used to describe activities the most extremist far-right groups in Germany are engaged in
Huddersfield
Then we moved like 30 minutes bus drive away and I went with my parents during 2nd grade (8yo) but only because maybe I would lost myself in the city
Happy cake day
Wait, so iPhone is more popular in the US fhan Samsung Galaxy Note, for example
In Serbian translation of Asterix in Corsica, they used Montenegrin speech for the Corsicans.
Yeah, having no homeland cam be abitch.
1 RSD - you can't really buy anything
I used this kind of heating myself, and my electricity bill surprised me in a happy sense, but we don't get too far below zero
Don't get me wrong
Germans deserve it for complaining about winter tbh
Kosovo is different because it is fighting to be its own country and is much larger than 2-3 districts.
Really depends
After the nineties, arguably the worst period in our modern history, he was someone that was clearly alligned with the West, a kind of a novelty here at the time, since politicians were either pro-Russian nationalists, or still living in the delusion that we can walk the fine line between the East and West like we were still as relevant as Yugoslavia once was.
It's because accepting Kosovo's independence undermines Serbia's territorial integrity.
Yea racists and sexual harassment didn't exist before Trump at all.
Is this the place where Kirikou ran irl
We usually like to say that we are a criminal clan masquerading as a country
Well, you did get that nice "Ibrahim Rugova Highway", so there's that.
Nah, we got fucked over in Yugoslavia (not even counting the wars), everyone hates each other, especially in Bosnia where it's a three way struggle
And half of serbs on reddit are self centered "political experts" incapable of self criticism.
Oh, that is really heartbreaking
The exception is the guide dog for blind people
Private healthcare here is fancy schmancy - appointments without long waits and sparkly well equipped hospitals, unlike public ones which are understaffed due to the MDs leaving to Germany, long waits, and poor conditions
From UK to Latvia, 30 yearolds with a dead bedroom
Maybe the United States or Albania if things get heated
> niewiasta
I actually asked my buddy /u/metalo-strugar this question recently!
>**Article 1: Republic of Serbia**
I'll add Žalár národov to my Slovak phrase list
or Portugal because of Olivença.
Prague, Budapest, Belgrade, Dubrovnik, Palermo
They were in power before and nothing was different
Especially with someone who is from country that caused 2 world wars.
How DO I build a hydralisk
For Kosovo, serb - populated parts are controlled by state, while others (mainly albanian - populated Kosovo parts) are not
but most of the time, they behave.
We, Serbia, have a problem with Roma too, and as u/photosierra said, they come from Northern india or Pakistan, not us, we just give them free stuff, yet they still complain, yet do nothing for the benefit of society, except steal or collect junk.
That said, dnd and tabletop games are really popular in Serbia (or in big cities, I don't know about the rest), is it really not like that in Cro
There are constant news about it to this day
"oh no you won't"s were all over the place in the 90s, and then look what happened.
Yes, if the pay is the same as working 5 days a week
If you are fluent, you can understand no problem, but if you struggle with Serbian, you will have troubles understanding anyone, from Belgrade to Podgorica(Montenegrin capital).
Shit
We also need to acknowledge the difficult possibility of a physical Border reappearing across the island of Ireland.
"Oh you're from Siberia
Lepa Brena and Ceca are very famous.
These are safe countries, but we're not seeing people from Serbia or Bosnia seeking asylum here in the hundreds.
Presmesno mi sto se svi posvadjase
Republic of Serbia is a state of Serbian people and all citizens who live in it, based on the rule of law and social justice, principles of civil democracy, human and minority rights and freedoms, and commitment to European principles and values.
Same here, I know a Gypsy family who named their children Armando, Valentino, Izabel and Rolencija
It doesn't have a bad name unlike in some other countries
While any other culture that has little to no impact on us (all people, or just Serbs) are only mentioned and we don't go too deep into them
No Vatican Lo-Fi girl
With enough money to bribe, everything is possible.
He also had a post about Croatia joing the EU and referred to Croatia as "we".
[Relevant, North Korean Soldier in comparison to South Korean and American Soldier]
What about Mist
[Hvis lyset tar oss]
So everyone seeking asylum gets the same treatment.
Is this like personal attack or something
If I try fast then it's a no go but slowly I can
It is not russian "per se", I think the founder is from Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan or a similar country.
Also don't forget Bosnia had a recent war which is the reason for the discord between the people, Belgium on the other hand doesn't even have a war to blame that on lol
And everyone who disagrees with a Serb is a Croat.
that map is incorrect for serbia.
but look at the mountains, perfect mordor square
Yea searched it up seems the general opinion is he's Serbian so I'll leave it at that lul.
Macedonia
If it is Russia their might be one or two independent countries,  others none
The fucking Borgia destroyed all of it.
Croatians weren't satisfied with what they had and wanted to be on equal footing as Serbs by territory even though they were in a minority
Well, you should stand with your Muslim brethren.
Ze je za zelenu algu na dnu mora
I don't think I've encountered a shared washing machine in my life
A little long post:
There's a word on the street that Serbia is the Trojan horse of Europe.
Thankfully, everythibg can be written easily
It's an internet meme in which kebab represents muslims, more specifically ottomans which serbs fought for over 4-5 centuries.
We often joke about how Yugoslavia will reunite inside Germany
Just like you can choose Bretagne, Rousillon or Cote'd Azur and can 'say French', he can do the same under a Crimean flag.
And make the Algerians pay for it!
Bulgaria as well
But evading neighbours is mind blowing
Yeah, and Trump's wife is Slovenian.
5000 muslimana naspram barem 300k Srba, meh, ne želim ni da komentarišem ovaj argument.
It's a real shame that you've constantly been lied to.
TIL: The "Serbian National Party" exists.
Now that I re-read it, it could sound like it
Catalan was about a swimmer
Although, Kruševac was the capital city at one point in Serbian history, and it's located in Central Serbia, but I don't know if a 60k population city would work well as a capital
It doesn't make sense to link non-interconnected groups together like that but when you really dislike a group (Muslims in this case), then you think like that.
I googled a bit more and find out that at first state was surprised that people could use that exploit (you know since the languages are the same), then had a hard time finding people that fulfill the criteria (you need to be a resident of one of 3 cities/municipalities in need of "translators" or live close enough, to have university degree - hard to find in rural areas in SW Serbia, (basic) knowledge of law and procedures - which narrowed search even more, and speak Bosniak ).
pretty hilarious considering how many times serbia, britain, russia and turkey get bashed here but nobody makes whine threads over it
Do I actually need to write anything,or does everyone already know
That is exactly how racism works.
Know what I will just do it
Albanians only got majority a very short time ago and only appeared there in the 14th century and until the 1800s Serbs outnumbered them more than 10 to 1
Serbia should join the EU as an equal member, and not as another country asking for handouts.
Aethalometer
Boris Tadic, former Serbian president has suggested something akin to a partitioning deal...
lmao it was only a joke, but this is next level
&#x200B;
Does anybody in the Vatican really consider themselves a country?
Inexplicably most of the Russians I know here in the States love Putin.
So, anyone who came, let's say, 7 years ago (or later) can stay.
> In my opinion, nothing has contributed so much to the corruption of the original idea of socialism as the belief that Russia is a socialist country and that every act of its rulers must be excused, if not imitated
finland, poland and israel were never really countries up until recently.
I wouldn't say so for Serbia
The Middle East is a land of xenophobia and tribalism.
I like the people
Whenever a heavier rain falls, the city is flooded
Playing video games, tinkering with broken electronics, watching cartoons and TV shows, building LEGO structures, playing basketball
90% letters are  same but Y and Z are swaped
Thank you for assisting us in liberating our country in WWII, and not overdoing your welcome
A single show of unity wouldn't have given the Balkans enough time to significantly change in a way that would stop the Turks
Conspirators lived in Serbia, Serbia didn't cooperate (well, Austria required some stuff they knew Serbia would not agree to), so yeah.
>The last execution was in 1959 and the last death sentence was given in 1980
with what are you taking these photos?
I try to describe the ordinary Greek citizen.
A lot of people joke about it because it's a stereotype.
I don't really know
The Dutch colonel Karremans was leading the UN troops defending the Bosnian enclave, but they were outmatched and support from other UN or NATO forces dried up, so they basically had to surrender to Mladic.
It is a big country with great stadiums and everything was organized great, it was 2018 for goodness sake, the cold war is long over
They just bring him a piece of paper, tell him it's something important and he signs it.
Thank you
Bosnia and Herzegovina - This is the one I'm most worried about
Every classroom has the picture of him
Or take 2 famous athletes and combine it ffs
Very tall
The evidence actually didn't point out for that to happen.
Do people in your country go to nightclubs in order to meet someone, or just to get drunk?
You aren't Ukraine, you have stable, well-functioning governments and while you are small, you are far from defenseless.
Budimpešta [Будимпешта]
Considering hungary (and a few other countries) disagrees with the EU, maybe they feel like turks could push their weight a bit, if they were to join.
After they declare independence, it is their choice what to do with their country – they can vote to join Serbia
And even that opposition is made up from people who are like president
From it, we also have "kara" which means dick
while they were doing it in serbia, i've never heard of it and i've never heard of anyone that actually did the tests either.
The coast, that's where half of Serbia goes to vacation at least
Congrats to you as well, Halep did a good job :D
>**Article 1: Republic of Serbia**
We kiss three times when we meet with new or known people here
Another remainder that Romania is a true friend :)
Sakupljač perja ( I Even Met Happy Gypsies)
Nope, no antisemitism in my country.
I don't understand the Old English at all, maybe I could guess a word or two
It's like a google search away
There will be more people working to achieve the same result.
Luxembourg, Netherlands and Ireland are the tax havens in Europe, yet if you take raw rate (which also seem to be messed up in this map) you get misleading info that NL and Lux pay more tax than most of European countries.
But two months ago there was a huge outrage with state owned Postal service because packages from AliExpress were stolen by its employees
I refuse to believe these people come from a war ravaged country...
I am surprised how high Serbia actually is to be honest
Croatia: Hrvatska
I'm not sure how much culture is shared throughout that region but /u/Theban_Prince said in Greece they have two versions.
Some letters can have more than one sound;
Germany or Netherlands
That's all that comes to mind
Screw you, guys, were rowing home
Besides your obvious bias, why would it be?
Klaus, Freya, Ragnar and Baldur sound really cool and powerful
As a Serbian
Pa ovo prvo jer je isti jezik nznzm sto izdvajao, pa desi se da ne razumes neku rec kad ti prica neko iz sandzaka ako si sa severa
Synchronization is a work of the devil
>That's true but can it be done
I think we can learn from Afghanistan and Iraq to draw the conclusion for ourselves.
Serbian and Croatian aren't the same languages....
We first learn printed than cursive
This is different though, on March 15th Hungarians celebrate their uprising against a feudal, absolute monarchy while Romanians celebrate the dissolution of a country.
It's nice to be in touch with your roots
Well, mostly I am Serbian, but I've got ancestors from Croatia (great-grandmother), and from Bulgaria (great-grandfather)
When I was on a skiing trip to Malyovitsa, I was playing pool (billiards) in the hotel and wanted to buy another round
but world thinks
Yet another reason why we should cross the Kosovo bridge only when we get to it, not now
Some of the people still remember the times when we were ahead
Also often cheese goes along with it
Yes i am, im asking for clarification
“It is well known what Davor Šuker stands for,” he said, referring to himself in third person, as he often does
Not saying everyone needs to know of it, but its hard to spend at least some time on the web and not to hear of her
They may not necessarily be the exactly same construction and materials
how the fuck did you come up with that lmao
They are
We'll you'd have to be a state to get a choice, as long as it's a disputed region, Serbian choice is Kosovo's choice.
Do you have any examples of Serbian dialects?
>What's the general opinion in serbia regarding EU vs kosovo
Well those have to be translated nonetheless
Croatian Serbs are totes a thing and both Serbian and Croatian nationalists should feel proud to have him.
I am sad they forgot the Serbians.
They should start by shutting off Russia Today in European cable networks and deporting all of their employees.
Zadovoljstvo je sto sam te upoznao
Yugoslavia, a mistake we repeated twice
I have problems when I find some information online, it can be pretty hard to translate technical terms to serbian
I am speaking for Serbia here and I'd say the quality of Serbian music is much, much trashier than in other countries atm
(what about the sarajevo guy/gal
It's considered to be a weird person if you don't have or don't use Facebook in some parts.
Everyone else in Serbia is hating on Belgrade and people there
The only thing Ukraine can do is to wait.
2 languages with only 4-5 million joint speakers comprising a single "language family" with slavic languages, spoken by over 300 million people never made sense to me either.
You were implying Serbia knocked off Byzantine one.
The one and only bride:
It sometimes drives our women crazy because they're just as beautiful, but they lack that ["forbidden love" factor] :D
What's wrong with the post, honestly?
No homo
So I guess it's "open racism" now if you protect your borders from illegal immigrants.
"-I don't know, man, change the word order
FM Dacic doesn't think Trump will "return Kosovo to Serbia"
Sranje, da, u pravu si, lapsus.
Then let the people vote on that and end of story.
Belarus is right now practically invaded by outsourcing software companies, like many countries in "other" Europe (Moldova, Macedonia, Serbia...).
Or you are just a troll probably.
Fine print, because many people probably don't know this: the European Court of Human Rights, even though it is located in Strasbourg just across the river from the European Parliament (which is the parliament of the EU), is *not* an institution of the EU, it goes with the Council of Europe, a larger international organization (e.g., Norway, Iceland, Switzerland, Serbia, Turkey, Ukraine and Russia are members of the CoE), even though the EU shares (viz., borrowed) the same flag and anthem as the CoE.
> Я есть хлеб
I don't buy Serbia and Bosnia not being on this list, at least higher than Slovenia...
What about the Russian monarchs, would sound foreign but some more than others
Sadly, most of our renewable energy (63%) comes from biomass.
Oh you are from Siberia
well blame english for not pronouncing the J as everyone else
football, basketball and volleyball
Well it doesn't have any rules
"Hey, you like government paid-healthcare as opposed to a private one?
All of the ones you listed are Catholic.
Yeah and my point is that it is ridiculous to shift the blame for German flawed system on other countries, which are not even denying cooperation, they only happen to have some opportunistic citizens.
He should bring apple with coins inside of it
Yeah, because that makes a fucking ton of sense...
So say you're a fashion designer, you can choose between a lot of cities like Milan, Paris or London
Change the word into a diminutive, because the kids are little "versions of him" (Jovanović, Kovačević)
Country checks out
This historical process has happened in more or less every country at one point.
) I'm not sure that real grown up people living in reality would judge another person for *eating*. It even makes more sense that you won't cook for yourself, so you would go out to eat
Also, I don't speak but I can understand Slovenian, Macedonian, Bulgarian and other slavic languages if they are spoken slowly.
I think it sounds really nice
In my experience all Croats can speak Serbian, Bosnian and Montenegrin as well as their own language ;-)
So Belgium is very into homosex?
Kvisling, that's also the term here in Serbia meaning a traitor/collaborator with the enemy.
I'm sure they feel the same thing about Kosovo, we feel about Abkhazia, Crimea, novorossia.
In the Balkans one must make a distinction between folk music (which is generally often region-specific and often a real cultural heritage) and modern folk-pop nonsense that is a cheap copy with drum machines, synthesizers and autotune,
Serbia doesnt need to come to terms with it.
Besides Slovenes and North Macedonains we speak the same language
As a dual German/American citizen, I can see where these stereo types might play into peoples stereotypes.
Greece for sure
Haha not since the middle ages
Oh and browned flour
Well they were the biggest, like everyone knows who Hitler was, or who Putin is
Speaking from experience of my older family members they lived way better lives than they and most of my generation live today
It was more popular some 20-30 years ago, now it's somewhat a rare sight
Your pop dance music has a lot of listeners here
The Yugoslavian education system has bombarded every young mind with anti-fascist ideologies.
Well, it can also be from Croatian smugglers or from Bosnians in Neum.
Yep
Boli me uvo - my ear hurts
because pretty much everyone here drinks, so they're looking at their ass first
How do they do numbers from 70 upwards then?
>Stalin actually had a mental breakdown for a few months after the invasion, he did not issue any orders which led to chaos at the front and only sped up the German advance
[A hotel where you can sleep with Hitler]
Well yeah, hundreds of innocent people died because some American got a hard on for bombing Balkans.
We offer many things as city has traditional taverns or kafana, already mentioned splavovi for rnb and popular global hits, rave/edm scene, rock, indie, you name it
Those names i listed were just the closest to it
Belgrade, Serbia here
Probably Saint Sava in Serbia, he is Jesus Christ of Serbian history in terms of popularity and idolization
Debates are abolished, we have a prime minister running for president (No he didn't resign).
We know the US has some of the most lax free speech laws.
If this happens you'll have Macedonia nearly splitt in half also.
Bulgarian: 20-35%, people speak very fast so it's hard to understand but I could understand if they spoke with very basic words and sentences
"That 70s Show" was broadcast here ten years ago and i watched it eventually.
It's 2016 and I agree with what u/h2ppyme wrote, this is year is full of surprises.
It wasn't really on the Germans.
Ye i like them both a lot too :D
No no, I was probably unclear, I think the expulsions of 1878 were orders of high-ranking officials, and were relatively unknown at the time as they still mostly are today
Just one
NOT
Yes, if China wouldn’t squeeze us by the balls
However, if they speak slowly, I might be able to understand around 60 or 70%. I'd really have to make an effort to speak those languages
Boli me kurac - my dick hurts
Patrolling the Croatian boarder almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter
The probably range from 7€-40€. Normal wage is around 400€-500€.
I mean, to be clear: I'm not for retaliation in any shape or form, especially not to collective labeling of a group of any kind (national, religious etc
That and Neda Ukraden meme, which is hilarious
We imported someone from Serbia.
I support sanctions regarding Crimea, but we shouldn't demonize Russia instantly when we get the chance.
They are mostly old (40-80yrs old)
Serbians agree (and sometimes exaggerate with this principle).
That man is also the one who was a captain on a ship recently found to have been transporting drugs
Edit: To the users that are replying to my comment with "hold on, that may not be what it looks like", or "that is not a Nazi thing but a Roman salute". You are literally embarrassing your self and justifying a Nazi
I would go full raming speed here
>After the fall of communism the transition to free-market was brutal not even regarding the fact of systemic corruption
Of course I think you should get vaccinated but for things that you can just naturally overcome isn't necessary and pretty sure they don't force you on those
Same for Serbia
I just nodded and smiled
Despite some voices of dissent, the Serbian regime 'encouraged' about 71,000 Muslims, including 49,000 Albanians, 'to leave'. The regime then gradually settled Serbs and Montenegrins in these territories
I walk up to the girl that works there and ask her for more coins and she looks me dead in the eyes and shakes her head, without saying a word
their reasoning is mostly dumb.
I'm sure the reverse feels not much better.
An interesting perspective, thanks
truly a tragic ending to a once glorious empire.
What that potato n meat dumpling in cream looking thing?
But there are more examples similar to Kosovo.
I watched a show on Viasat History that covered strange historic laws, and the host tested out them by both handling salmon suspiciously, even asking the police whether they knew about the law (they didn't), and by walking into the Parliament in a suit of armour
And noone is held accountable nor has been brought to justice for it
you could probably feed us for at least 2 years with the reprint savings!
These things  are two clicks away from you
The remaining countries with larger problems are Serbia, Kosovo and Macedonia.
For example c is always c no matter what comes after (unlike Spanish ce and ca)
No, I don't think I do
*Košmar*("nightmare") is From french, *cauchemar*.
Er, unless I am mistaken, the Bosnian genocide was directly supported (and encouraged) by the Serbian government at the time?
It is very high bar to be doing better than country who lost 25% population in ww1, close to 18% in WW2, country that was under international sanctions for years before getting bombed by NATO, had part of its territory occupied by it, and its unable to progress towards its EU path cause of Kosovo issue
Because that's how they are taught
We had Kosovo and Macedonia, now we have neither.
Ps geografska blizina nema veze sa tim sto su nam jezici isti, već to sto su se jezici tek skoro odvojili, iliti do skoro su bili deo istog pra - juznoslovenskog jezika
They were in power before and nothing was different
I live in belgrade and it was -14 this morning
The old car manufacturers were working on prototypes and ideas for electric cars from years, but when Tesla was progressing so fast with the construction of the factory in China and with the numbers of Model 3s being sold in the US, the old manufacturers had to wake up fast, that is why in the last year and a half they pushed so hard for a wide range of electric cars to be available by the end of 2020 and 2021
It only had some locations filmed in Croatia.
He is a blonde and blue eyed kid, pretty tall for his age and he was treated like a movie star
I lived with three host families, and have many friends who're exchange students
I've heard that I'm of Jewish descent, but I found, I knew of my ancestors in Zagorje from around 350 years ago, and I said, maybe it would be good to have some of that, I guess I would be richer, I might not have become a Communist.
In my country its mediocre
Good thing you have the map too.
The awkward moment you are so butthurt you actually have to organize on Discord to make controversial threads, classy as always Bosniaks.
Just get everyone in there
poland is more eastern than macedonia, yet you see it fitting to call macedonia eastern, but not for others to call poland eastern?
The next morning I went to the hospital and had an electro conversion.
Prijatno
It seems like a polar opposite of Denmark; anti-west/EU, pro-Russia, not a very gay-tolerant population, things like that.
still, it has 2x more details than today's flags
It's neither ideological nor useless
only the Balkans are allowed to do that
A beautiful place with lots of nature?
And from Vranje till Greek border is fala or blagodaram
Acts of homosexuality or bestiality were covered under one law in many countries.
fucking antifa are as bad as nazis themselves
- croatian politicians are even worse than ours
But back to antiantifaschist in the Balkans there are a lot of nationalist who describe right wing politicians of other ethnic group or other country as fascist or nationalist why present themselves as antifaschist or antinationalist even though using the same rhetoric as them .
I would use seljaci instead of seljani, but we get the point
And noone is held accountable nor has been brought to justice for it
Now there are courts, judges, legal mayors, legal policemen, all paid by Kosovo which is a sign of things starting to get better, but things are going downhill fast, because serbs are demanding the creation of Association of Serb Municipalities as agreed by Kosovo and Serbia, but due to Kosovos government power strugles in parliament with both serbians and albanians parties and also the constitutional court ruling that there are some of the points in the association agreement unconstitutional, there are major things on hold.
No that will never happened because Serbia doesn't care at all about the serbs in Kosovo but they care about all that good coal that's under the Kosovo soil.
Kids backpacks are extremely heavy so it would be much better
I once said thanks to a taxi driver who drove me from Belgrade to my town in the middle of the night for much lower fare than usual, it was really polite of him.
Yugoslav Army managed to shoot down a stealth aircraft with cold war technology.
This guy was ex-minister of information back in 90's.
Nobody uses that
I live in Sirmium which was the capital of it for a period
Even if they are all bad (and I personally think they're not), then for sure some are less bad than the others?
And who is ordering police to "silence" him?
Czech, Slovak: 35-40%, sounds like Serbian, but simplified to the level I cannot understand it anymore
People who can't read English and are limited to stuff typed in their native language are missing out a lot.
[ISBN] [9780521027007] , pp
too late for us :) Support for him is growing every day, and we all hope that we will have fictional character for president like US.
Niš - a bit poorer than BG and NS, historically important for both Serbia and the Byzantine Empire
Lockers were introduced to my primary school in Belgrade around 2013 and we were supposed to have two sets of books, one for school and one for home so our backpack is light
>If you are asking who did yugoslavia commit genocide on as a serb (judging from your user flair) then there are problems
The ustashe killed 300-330 000 Serbs as well as tens of thousands of Jews and other nationalities too.
Then we should bill the Serbian government for all expenses they cost us.
Cyrillic is preferred in schools and the official/government-issued documents
Even some Serbian people can't speak Serbian right
If it was for u/h2ppyme Estonia should build a 1km tall wall on their borders with Russia and on the whole length of it write a huge "FUCK YOU RUSSIA".
One of the opposition leaders even got our courts to rule in his favor and concluded over 2700 (25%) voting places had major irregularities
How dare you, Serbia has the best rakija(and kompletlepinja)
The most of yugoslavias losses which was well over a million were serbs.
Sanctions didn't brought Milosevic down, but him stealing the elections two times.
I'm serbian but I have to pick Athens
Despite some voices of dissent, the Serbian regime 'encouraged' about 71,000 Muslims, including 49,000 Albanians, 'to leave'. The regime then gradually settled Serbs and Montenegrins in these territories
No rules, sorry
I would still have been born in Serbia *cries*
But we have two different filo dish
Yeah right, I absolutely have no idea of what I'm talking about:
Serbian- originally it was your father's name then Vic on the end, when this stopped you kept the last name as your father so if you were the child of the first generation after it stopped it would be your grandfather's name then Vic, next generation your great grandfathers and its continued like that until now
I like to use "kafanski filozof", meaning something like "bar philosopher".
It's not official in documents, but if a woman has her maiden name, - eva is usually added at the end
Cedevita rocks, but I've never tried Pipi, don't think we have it in stores
Thanks and is there a name for it?
Great, nothing wrong with that /s
It sounds ridiculous because we are the same ethnicities but there are subtle difference in the heigh and hair colors
It's not official in documents, but if a woman has her maiden name, - eva is usually added at the end
lol serbian movie actually had 99% of auditorium aboard.
Both Bogdan and Božidar are used.
He was a leader in '96, i dont think he is in politics now.
Oh look Serbia shows again how our politics are retarded.
Since the sample isn't even 0.1% of the adult population of Serbia, the error margin could be almost 10%.
They didn't get anywhere
Ours too
I think people don't get the main dilemma here.
My friend made a joke "He who digs a hole beneath someone is physical worker"(Ko pod drugim jamu kopa fizicki je radnik)
6 m? 1 year
that's because Russia was already at war with A-H at that point
Well at least we know how he has money to smoke regurarly
I know it can sound a bit odd, but, on the second thought: all leaders are pushing for EU agenda and majority of leaders enjoy EU support.
[greetings] neighbour
That's why you "don't call people to Slava". On Slavas there is always a lot of friends and family
Why not switch to Arles as your base, and the Camargue instead?
Yeah, and if those kids would act civilized and not like complete retards, it would be somewhat bearable.
at least, as far as i know, ex-yu communist buildings were far better quality than those from across the curtain.
Latin 90% of the time
Also, technically since this country didn't exist in that time period, it's not a part of its history.
I don't claim to know your languages better than you.
Cons: Immigrants, Corruption,(un)safety,a war can break out any moment,cancer(nato uranium '99),the most annoying famous people and ,,Gasers",the most incompetent politicians(reply for explanation),a stubborn minister of education trying to ruin it
We used to say "pec" when I was younger.
I rented a car and easily drive through Bosnia & Herzegovina, Serbia, etc.
It's celebrated only religiously beacuse we celebrate new year with presents and such
I am not alarmed by the prospect of the disentanglement of populations, nor even by these large transferences, which are more possible in modern conditions than they ever were before
Brides are absolutely not allowed to see other brides on their wedding day
On the other hand, my cousin who lives in Sweden told me people there don't even blow dry their hair in winter and they just go out with wet hair after a swim or a bath, without freezing to death or having even a minor cold
My friend i made Plopy
US is one of the worst countries in the world on many levels, it needs to be dealt with or this falling empire is gonna take the whole world down with it
Well, the division of Serbia in 1720-1740 helped to permanently undercut the Ottoman influence.
From these two sentences I assume Belarusian is lexically closer to Ukrainisn then it is to Russian
Or it could just be bored teenagers, either way it's interesting
Welcome to the land of ice basketball.
Prior to 1878, the Serbs comprised not more than one half of the population of Nis, the largest city in the region; by 1884 the Serbian share rose to 80 per cent
That was a genocide (Oluja, if you are that dumb), not your where you pull bodies from all over Bosnia every year to increase number.
The ensuing five horrible centuries under the Ottoman rule and the Kosovo Legend, the main Serbian nation-building myth, are probably the most important elements of the Serbian national identity
Our current president exchanged a sandwich and 1000 dinars for a vote
I mean there's 700+ million people and over 40 countries, it always depends on the country lol
Look a Kashmir north of India that's also blue despite being disputed.
And there were no marriages between Serbs and Muslims.
Well that's just fucking brilliant
IIRC it worked when Macedonia/Serbia closed borders (at least, the Balkan flow was stemmed even before the agreement with Turkey).
If you as a tourist come to us for directions, we'll try our best to help you
Ahahahah umirem
That's it I'm calling in the Russian botnet
Like, I know they are left wing but they are also very traditionalist minded, no?
Ok some may, but they're rare
>Maybe i'm mistaken but i feel like older people are mostly against the EU since they still look at russia
While I think that Serbia was treated unfairly in the past, it's not relevant anymore.
France needs someone that doesn't just bow down to what Germany and Brusseles are saying but also one who also doesn't have "tea parties" with the Kremlin.
**They can stick their 85-page form up their arses.**”
But that is just for me
Well, it's useful if you want Hungarian passeport, but that's only for Vojvodina
Slovenian
After all, *every* country in the region that's in the EU has border problems.
You win Serbia, this is too much stupid even for me.
he didnt really, did he
\[3\]
Yeah sorry but no way are the Baltic countries central European
Young people here don't think much differently than their parents, while my parent's generation had a huge problem with their parents about stuff like rock music, weed, parties, discos, dating, etc
Congrats for your grandfather, now read the title-you're in the wrong thread
Number of people that smoke and that smoking is allowed indoors, in restaurants and cafes
This is seen as both best period and himself as most important historical figure, but sadly he died young and unexpectedly so his son inherited him and ruined the kingdom and also earned the title of Uroš the Weak
etc
Everyone wants something that "belongs" to them, and you just can't give everything to everyone
Wait wait did the betyárs have their kind of paprikash
Stop with "peace and cosmopolitanism" bullshit already, it is selfdestructive
>and actually committed genocide
First of all,i'm not a nationalist, second Serbia is in Europe and in the process of joining EU,which im 100% for.
Same for Serbia
Fortunately, all who took part in the insurgency were pardoned, if I remember correctly.
For example, "prizrensko-timočki", "slavonski ekavski", "kosovsko-resavski" and "šumadijsko-vojvođanski" all belog inside ekavian
Jesus wth
we're in good relations with mne, hun, bul, rom, mkd
put means road
We need to move on from this
&#x200B;
This is so sad its funny
you can ship stuff from germany too?
It technically existed until 2003
Not treat him like a second class citizen because his skin contains more melanin?
I'm not saying that they were all evil, as I mentioned they implemented a lot of important reforms and modernized the Ottoman empire but then national supremacy took their minds.
And I know a lot of people
No, it doesn't come from Chinese.
One can give plenty of examples for pretty much every position in the world.
Or you just simply lack historical knowledge about Europe which is a more likely possibility.
Yea, the average wage is a bit higher in Bosnia.
I've lived in Sarajevo during the war, so yeah, I know very well what means peace.
Edit: To the users that are replying to my comment with "hold on, that may not be what it looks like", or "that is not a Nazi thing but a Roman salute". You are literally embarrassing your self and justifying a Nazi
Nobody should have to go through this
it's not white at all
Спремни или не, крећем!
This will probably be better for citizens of the Unated States, as well as EU; but I am honestly scared for my country that is neither of those
That this is what gets attention
I'm originally from Belgrade, it can get pretty damn hot there over the summer (high 30's and even 40+ at times)
Russia, it started when they helped us in fighting for independence against the Ottomans
Same with Serbia to an extent
North Mitrovica is actually inside Kosovo borders.The only reason that Serbia is asking for it is because it is mostly populated by Serbs.
In Pljevlja, I know many Serbs who would get fired or ostracized if they didn't officially identify as "Montenegrin."
I got reminded and instantly got suicidal thoughts
What if I tell you that I like Kraš chocolate?
Very common for people in threads about Serbia and Russia.
Nobody I know calls Bosniaks "Turks".
Not all the time but a they do commonly.
Serbia never killed Hungarians that I'm aware of...
Greece is our biggest ally along with Russia, but I was talking about neighbours (countries we share a border with), my gyros brother
If you don't have some extra Archdukes left we are fine ಠ_ಠ
*Serbian Foreign Minister Ivica Dacic has told Beta in an interview that his country will play "a constructive role in solving problems in the region."*
In Serbia everyone uses it, and it can be spelled like OK/Ok (most common), okay, okej or oke
You're crazy, I mean, the only reason I understand written Serbian is because it sounds like half Ukrainian, half archaic Russian.
He doesn't even write those messages.
Tamo Daleko
Wemma daumit fertig san wast a nemma wo obn und untn is.
I mostly travel by train which is not too expensive (around 20€ between to cities in the east of Europe).
Well at least the innocent guy wasn't charged.
Especially what the article calls the Dayton Generation.
Then again, ive had similar experience with the french and spanish too
Implying the Ukranian situation is a one-sided situation of conflict between Russia and the Ukraine.
ITT: Certain Serbian redditors having problems with freedom and self determination.
Right and right before that they were massacring Serbs as part of the Ottoman army, so it is like he said, a back and forth
Scorn, it's supposed to be published soon
Here in Austria even some immigrants eg from Serbia vote for the far right party.
which then also collapsed due to the Kosovar independence crisis
I'd say Montenegro is fairly Central African, maybe a little bit of Western African because you're tall
Elementary (1st -8 th grade) school touches very little, if at all on literature during foreign language classes, highschool does more in that respect, but I've never been tasked with learning a poem in English or French (those are the ones I've studied in school) by heart.
Even when they are 8 years old
How popular/loved is Malenczuk in Poland really
I've tried both, super bock is slightly better, but the best beer I had in Portugal was Coruja
He basically wanted to strip the biggest church in Montenegro of their property, and not any other religious institution - only the Serbian Church, which basically founded - and led Montenegro in it's inception, centuries ago
Point of my comment is, you bash Serbia for calling Russia it's brother (Serbs generaly don't only hardcore nationalists and westerners) , yet you willingly served under the biggest scum mankind has ever spawned.
Rant over
BE in school, but most of my exposure was in AE.
A foreigner in /r/serbia asked how to separate trash while in Serbia
*I've seen enough internet to know where this is going*
Haide opa
Its amazing
As long as Serbia completes all chapters and the EU says you are ready I will be cool with it.
Bah, those pesky Poles again messing with our plans!
Belgrade itself wasn't a center of Serbian power until the 18th century.
Yep, Hague is quite relevant court.
Climate change is definitely real
[The Bridge on the Drina - Ivo Andric] A Nobel prize winner.
NATO could easily attack us because of Kosovo or Bosnia
sladoled - sweet ice (ice cream)
We call it Češka which is basically Czechia
Well they seem to be fine with the people in power since they are not revolting nor protesting.
Dunno man, I kinda feel like it's missing something in the centre, you know?
I support splitting it, the small northern part with Serb majority should be returned to Serbia, in exchange of full independence support (not annexation by Albania).
Supper old one witch is not in use like past 1300ish years but its part of culture now
Not related to the question or your comment, I just want to ask how is programming in Russia (education for it and as a job)
It's a shame we can't find a balance.
Zemljak
"Seeing the Albanians through Serbian eyes: The Inventors of the Tradition of Intolerance and their Critics, 1804–1939". *European History Quarterly*. **35** (3): 465–492
*I've seen enough internet to know where this is going*
You would be surprised how many words we have in common
A part (several parts, actually) of Serbia/Yugoslavia wanted to secede because it had a majority different population from Serbia and did not want to "live together" with Serbia any longer.
The EU doesnt have to force us into it, it could just ignore us.
I see nobody mentioned Italian comics, Bonelli and EsseGesse.
As if 1991 hasn't shown that already.
I was a kid when she was rising star so I don't remember too much details, but she was always extrevagant and her outfits were somewhat strange.
A large majority of them are hard working and honest people
Always
(But open to be proved wrong if anyone has data or a convincing argument.)
because Serb are just looking for excuse how to preform genocide again on this poor people
It was better than now
This took a dark turn
All Slavs are Russian and speak it
The state took care of everything (education, industry, medical care), the country was large, rich and respected
have all done it, yet it is morally incorrect and racist when French (western, white?) try to change the false lies of globalisation that have been put on them the last 90 years?
Bernard Montgomery
At least you are now "free" of srbocetniks, and we are "free" of ustasa
Keep in my mind my childhood was heavily influenced by English, from watching cartoons and movies, speaking to online friends who spoke English as their native language, to reading articles in English
He said Rad, not Red Star (Crvena Zvezda)
*Croatian Bosnian Montenegrin*
If Crimea which was only part of Ukraine for one generation, then how can Kosovo not be Serbian?
And I think she took some yoghurt and chocolate from Nestle as example
Hopefully Montenegro and Albania would be the next group of countries, followed by Serbia, Bosnia and Kosovo.
I live in Australia and literally every house has at least 2 barbeques
I guess Serbia doesn't have the money either :/
But still he is regarded because of that as the biggest traitor of Serbia
My point was that Czech *upír* or Russian *упырь* are not loanwords from Serbian.
Not even our own translation of monkey (which would be majmun/мајмун), but a quite literal translation
Don't get me wrong
Britanci tkao izgovaraju, mada kod nas se gotovo nikada ne prevodi tako
Nope its not her time
Sveti Sava
His presidency has been mostly non eventful and boring.
Athens is a bit
Oj junaštva svijetlo zoro
It just pandering to their nationalism.
[Cathedral of the Assumption of Mary] in Kragujevac
Yes
I first saw Basque as a written text, and when I searched on youtube and actually heard the language it sounded completly different than I expected
I’m pretty sure most Eastern European countries have fairly cheap food
Also AH did have universal citizenship check on the right side:
Serbia returned the territory it took as a part of a political deal.
I love the place honestly
Well yes, you are right of course that we are seen as a threat by our neighbors (not all of them however, only Croatia and Kosovo) but I think that when compared that the last war we were in was in the 90s, we aren't close to whatever Russia is doing in Ukraine, or Turkey is doing with their freefall into dictatorship.
Look at r/Albania and how they treat and shitpost about Serbs, then have a look at r/Serbia.
Why was OK for them to want to be independent of Turkey but not grant independence to Kosovars?
It makes little sense for song from Bosnia to be the Serbian national anthem.
godine \[Albanian incursions into Serbia 1879\]" (PDF)
and ANDDDD
Serbs have based their "support" for Trump on fake news fabricated by the Serbian media (literally made up interviews) and his alleged ties to Russia (Serbia aims to be the puppet state of Russia), while ignoring the fact that the USA plan their foreign policies decades ahead and have over 360 bases in Kosovo.
I don't think I personally have a choice in this matter.
what about a F-16 to start things right
Of course, there might be some words I wouldn't understand due to a regional/country dialect
Why do they hate Vatican lol
it's a legacy of metabolism slowing down as you age and therefore making them gain weight easier.
I walk around my neighbourhood and all I hear is this music comming from the bars.
You should have seen Yugoslavia during communism.
socially: Don't create draft, older people will act as if you invited death itself
Rizle, rolling paper brand, we call every rolling paper rizle now
No it isn't. What kind of advice is "you'll live in an apartment worse than a prison cell but you will meet wonderful people
&#x200B;
Probably socialist Yugoslavia, we had good living standards, and were respected by the rest of the world
I mean sure, Serbs cooperate with NATO, but don't necessarily see it as a peaceful organization.
Compare how more xenophobic the average person from the Baltics is compared to a Turk and you get your answer
I'm a Hungarian minority born in Serbia, and my parents, grand parents and great grand parents were also all born here
they made a pact with Italy in exchange for its entry in the war.
She also says mayo goes on pizza and it's tasty.
So I can easily say that we don't become religious all of a sudden
" "Oh it's my dick
Idk which picture are you refering to.
There's the expulsion of the Turks (i.e Sunni Muslims) in the early 19th century, culminating with the Čukur česma incident in 1862 (by which time there wasn't really a presence of civilian Turks in Serbia)
Far low % of Serbs to generalize on whole population
I had a great time, would love to go again
Great of course
From mine experience it's usually Swedes who are secluded
I'm sorry but that looks more like six gorillion protestors
Shampoos, laundry detergents, dishwashing detergents, toothpastes.
That is indeed very interesting, i had no idea it was that important to you, i mean it is to us (there was considerable hype around Zeman and his criticizing of the Kosovo debacle), so i just thought our media overblew it lol
There are also several cities that were further built by Romans, most notably the capital, Belgrade, or Singidunum as it was called back then
Serbia, outside its modern souther borders, is a flat pancake.
Absolute piece of shit
Cipiripi is hands down a good chocolate.
Furthermore, every dialect group is divided by local accents (there are 9 sub-dialects in total, 6 of them in Serbia, and 3 spoken by Serbian people in Bosnia, Dalmatia and Slavonia)
Public transport from Switzerland
There's this up and coming game that's getting a lot of traction, called Scorn
We went to Venice in highschool too
Spoken, can't distinguish it from Russian.
The difference is Kosovo is much larger than Mitrovica.
Thieves stole their cauldron from rakija still
Around 8th century, similar with Croatia
Stalin's brother in law, Alexander Svanidze (Александр Сванидзе) ? He was Georgian though
I guess it would be Hungarians, stressing the first syllable.
It doesn't mean we have beef with them, but it certainly doesn't improve our relations
Who ever denied that
Wasn't he in the Serbian Pirate Party or something like that?
Edit: some more clips:
t. balkanite
Really
Oh, we also eat almost all entrails of an animal, my favorite is the brain of the fier baked pig
I think there is a bigger chance of civil war happening in BiH than international one, but as for Kosovo it could be very bloody and probably all big players would "pick sides" (f.e. US would probably support Kosovo and Russia would support Serbia)
I am saying this as a person of mixed Serbian, Croatian and Hungarian descent and I do not think Subotica should join Hungary or sth like that, but I think that an approach of more equal representation for all ethnic groups in the city would be better
Finally someone leaves us alone.
Likewise another one got a contract in his 3rd year by Nvidia
I wanted to exclude brackets but i was afraid it is to much
More and more young people are starting to do this here and this is excellent bc a lot go aboard and get better deals
Lol serbia god 2 places on that list
I truly believe we are all the same, so we should act like it.
I guess it depends where you draw the lines for the geographical grouping.
Agreed, Sofia was probably the most bland Capital I've ever been to
I thought that the Kosovo-Serbia border was a really weird suggestion.
[Serbian one]
Also what cunts, our language is fine thank you very much
You have both quotes in these two videos
I've sent two requests for my language to be a paet of Duolingo's courses, and two applications for working on it
Hungarian is taught in some schools in the North or kids get paid to learn it in some schools as an elective.
Unless albanians do some really bad shit.
Interesting
It's nice to have neighbors like yourself, I can always rely on you for fresh news about my country.
A really cool spoon though
From neutral perspective, Austrians feel much more hot headed and much more proud about their nation, heritage history etc
Just to be sure, the upside down russian flag is the flag of Serbians in Bosnia right?
In Serbia ita 'отаџбина' (otadžbina) literally means home land
I've visited Serbia several times now and the family and friends of my wife just seem like it's hopeless.
We have singers who built their careers on songs like that, their whole albums are offensive, and they are quite popular
PM: Serbia wants best possible relations with Kazakhstan - -
(Serbians and others living in Slovenia)
That seems about right for me too
In retrospect, Szechenyi was a much better statesman but at the time his policies weren't favoured by the people.
Ugh I hope that severity will change someday soon
One year after we became a state of our own, we had a debut on Eurovision with the current name (before: Serbia and Montenegro, after: Serbia) and we won
Halina (Polish) or Persephone (Greek) for a girl
A very few members did, the leader of the Black hand, the organization that planned out the assassination was a general, not even a member of the parliament.
Do I actually need to write anything,or does everyone already know
scandinavian people are the most "21 century people" i've met.
Spent a bit of time in Vienna so it isnt new, but still cracks me up
And the Queen consort was the Hungarian countess **Géraldine Margit Virginia Olga Mária Apponyi de Nagy-Appony** (6 August 1915, Budapest, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary – 22 October 2002, Tirana, Republic of Albania)
Top comment says it's called Olivier salad.
Everyone in my country says the opposite
I live in an old "commieblock", and basically next to my block there is a whole block of new buildings being built currently
The Bosniaks are the most populous ethnic group in the country.
And Serbs have suffered at the hands of Albanians.
Aww, thanks bro : 3
Virtually a country like Moldova has no chance of ever hosting a contest.
It's indeed a very similar language to ours, one notable difference I caught is that it has many English words, while Serbian doesn't and instead has a lot of Turkish words (since we were ruled by them for 5 centuries)
Nedić was somewhat respected and was part of chief of staff, while Ljotić was nobody
Of course songs in English are very popular in Bulgaria because America's entertainment industry is popular worldwide.
No, there is a problem and I think deep down even the swedish green party supporter can see that the immigration and assimilation program of Sweden is questionable at best.
>assholes
Of course not all sources can be trusted.
A very, very significant number of kids over the last 10-15 years have ended up in German or Austrian universities, and they never returned.
Since most farmers use camo jackets/pants when working the fields.
Your parents sisters share the noun though - tetka.
that were not Serbians but [Sorbs]
Meanwhile, the KLA does its best to ethnically cleanse Kosovo of the remaining Serbs and Albanians proceed to [desecrate our ancient churches] Even today Serbs cannot go back to their old villages or visit their churches.
But coming from Serbia I can appreciate the sweet irony.
While this is true, the China of today is nothing in comparison to what it was 40 years ago.
[pretty widespread here]
Maybe tourism will even increase, due to people wanting to visit before y'all bugger off from the EU.
Nobody accents more or less, simply every word inherently has an accent.
Names like "svekrva", "tašta" and even "jetrva" are also used without confusion or sounding like a 70yo grandpa
There's nothing wrong with the way they used commas
You could say the same about Montenegro
The whole 'Croatian person really hates Serbian people' I can understand (if not condone), but what's your beef with Ukraine?
XVIII century Petrovaradin fortress, Serbia
Lack of healthcare, lack of regulations when it comes to basic things (tap water isnt drinkable in many places), proto-fascism, bad education, drinking age, gun laws, circumcision
Mi tu*
I was there twice, I've never seen a person eating and walking, except occasional tourists (and even that was rare)
Austrougarska
Well the primary religion in Serbia is orthodoxy but there are several orthodox countries out there, it's just kinda weird that they're using a Byzantine emblem since Serbian history has nothing to do with the Byzantines
the quality of life in yugoslavia prior to the fall of the iron curtain was much higher than in most (if not all) of those nations, mainly due to the fact that the country was a lot more open and not nearly as totalitarian.
Another fun fact is that the average income you see here is way higher, so in Serbia it's actually somewhere around 300€. It's similar in other countries next to us, most people earn around a 100€ less than this
*Former Yugoslav Socialist Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija* Why isn't that a mouthful.
How are the Baltic states Central Europe
I see RT is getting the most criticism here.
Wtf Germans, firstly r/me_irl now Spain
Thermos or vacuum flask - 1892 by Scottish scientist Sir James Dewar
I'd say that there is a lot of variations of same names across Slavic nations
Question, are the money and debts shared in your vision of such an organisation?
It's been going on for a while now, hopefully he will get sacked soon, but hopefully even better the whole ruling party will get sacked in the upcoming elections (not likely but one can hope and dream).
But to be honest with you, I probably couldn't tell Bosnia apart from other nearby countries.
) use it as well
Altho I think these are not the same thing
[These] are the evil Serbian chocolates that the Croatian president distributed to children, alongside her photo
liberalism, multiculturalism and globalisation has FAILED
Even though we still have no evidence of Kremlin-backed hackers actually doing anything.
And this is before domestic meat industry was collapsed and replaced with importing meat from other countries.
He then created his own party which failed to win any seats in the parliament, it will be remembered mostly for this tragic [campaign ad] and the parodies of it: [Allahu Akbar] [Hail Satan] [Metal] [Long Live Greater Serbia]
Interesting so the Croatian gouverment is essentially (allegedly) being protectionistic against Serbia out of spite?
Semi-prominent football hooligan & ultra culture, especially Belgrade & Zagreb
In that case it is justified to call them who they really are, although personally I still wouldn't have kicked them out.
Not 3 minutes in the Car my uncle took 2 huge assault rifle ammunition out of his pocket (one bigger than the other) and was talking with him how he has a serbian friend (I think it was near Nis) were he gets good quality ammo for cheap price and was telling him some thinks about it, I dont know.
But your opinion is irelevant anyway
This is my first time hearing Belarusian
Would you consider Russia a threat to Finland
I mean why would we shoot ourselves in the foot over nothing?
I can't be 100% sure, but one of the urban legends I heard was that during the '70 first pornographic movies and magazines from west started appearing in ex YU
It's a very complicated thing
I think it quickly acquired a cult, If not giant, following
Shifts are changed weekly, so one week you go to school in the morning, and other week at noon, then again in the morning
There's also a huge mall in the city for all shopping needs
See, of it was just the world wars much less would hate you, but then you backed up the '99 bombings
When the Turkish nationalists rose up and declared war on all the Entente powers in the area, the Italians were the first to turn tail, relinquishing their claims over the region in question, and even selling arms to the nascent republic.
Novi Sad is a city of 300k people and I feel completely safe at all times
While his comment was incorrect (there was no particular incident last night) he is not wrong in saying that Sweden has problems with middle eastern and north African migrants.
How do people see the current government
How the fuck are you worse than us
It's good that our whole country was bombed including hospitals, marketplaces, suburbs and even primary schools with inhumane cluster bombs
paying that money to drive for like an hour  is not worth it
After Milosevic fell in 2000, everything seemed to be going much, much better.
Ah yes, same-sex marriage, the only thing that matters when determining if country is civilised or not
Well im 17 and looks like i got another 14 years .
Republic of Serbia is a state of Serbian people and all the citizens that live in it, based on the law and social justice, principles of civil democracy, human minority  rights and freedoms and commitment to European principles and values
Hah, you guys are amateurs when it comes to eastern-europeanism
Waffle
First the Croatian guy with Croats not being Nazis, now you with Sweden not being immigration heaven.
So I can easily say that we don't become religious all of a sudden
Like, yeah, some things are different, but it's still masculine gender, no
Point is that our good mathmaticians are good even compared to other countries'.
little little saturday -> mala subotica
Šuker, who by then had been elected as chief of the country’s footballing federation, saw fit to appoint him as a coach for the national team
Thanks for sharing that history, I wasn't aware of it.
*u + second part + za + first part + nje*
Also, they're throwing the Minister of Justice under the bus, like these corrupt governments always do, even though this was the prime minister's bill all along.
Disputes like Kosovo are discussed mostly on the internet anyway.
actually, he didn't have the balls to suggest it, he merely hinted at the idea.
Yeah, all right m8, keep comparing Putin with Hitler.
I dont think it will escalate into ww3
It also hurts Serbia's territorial integrity.
Everyone knows about it, even the EU knows about it but they turn a blind eye which is annoying as hell.
Probably the past tense, in Bulgarian - I've heard people complain of that.
The more you squirm the more Balkan you look, my brother
Americans are notorious for jerking it on the veterans and people who "served".
Official title was changed from time to time, and different names were used by different people
Every letter has it's own sound
Would you be in favor of Republika Srpska joining Serbia if Serbia agrees Kosovo to join Albania?
But as far as i've read into the Partisan movement, Chetnik movement (this thread really sparked my interest), they fought them rather effectively for such a small and nonorganized force.
" ; p.470
Belgrade is one of the oldest cities in Europe, with excavations confirming that the settlements continuously existed here for at least 7000 years
oh my bad, i somehow interpreted 20s to be 20th **s**entury even though i know it's spelled century.
In Serbia it's probably [Pljeskavica]
Not all the details but most of the stuff
Vegans are very rare here which doesn't come off as surprising because we're traditionally a very carnivorous country.
Usually in towns who are student centers.
Yeah I mean even the military tried to establish a more secular government and I also get it that Aegan Turkey is much more secular and open minded.
[CiteSeerX] [10
(altho Njegoš is also a name nowdays)
Quit putting words in my mouth and embarrassing yourself
Edit: Typo
It was our way to showing middle finger to EU, liberal elite and media.
At least in Serbia, we don't have excess doctors or teachers, but various assistants and other made up positions.
I would place European identity on 5th place, First i am half Serb half Vlach, second i am from Timočka Krajina region, third i am Balkan dude, fourth i identity as a Slav(even if i am half Vlach), and then finally i would identity as European
We also eat a lot of dumplings (plum is more common than apricot though), and I assume that we got that during Austria-Hungary occupation of Vojvodina which is north region of Serbia
UN resolution on Kosovo states that it's a part of Serbia, so not sure about them joining anything soon.
And even today we have witnessed a person really believing that Russia will invade an EU or NATO country.
To be fair it serves as you healthcare card and other things but basically it's the only thing you have
[Try 17 years ago, in 1999] The Invasion of Dagestan, Russia by the Chechen militants, which led to the Second Chechen War.
This can vary considering ones lifestyle, saving strategies & discipline and location & number of roommates (ie overall price for renting)
With the amount of wind and empty space here, we ought to run the whole country with wind farms.
Ofc we should
"The Serbs" nice generalisation...
Its pretty shitty to live here, but do come during the summer.
My son plays Minecraft on Xbox live with his cousins in Serbian and the cousins always put Russian flags on the buildings they create.
Based on what I noticed, adults had no trouble finishing their food but kids did and the parents would wrap up their kid's food and take it home with them
They, for some strange reason seems to have subpar beer, but not to worry
We teach german, french, russian or spanish as 2nd foreign language.
Oh and the people are *Holanđani*.
here are a couple of fun ones: Lycosa singoriensis, which is [this guy] found in Vojvodina (apparently harmless, just looks scary af), and we also get some types of [black widows]
Who Will Run the House:
You are living in delusion if you genuinely think that this is in any way possible.
It's just easier to sit on your ass and complain about Belgrade than actually do something.
Majority was Serbs 200 years ago.
Serbia had that right in 1918
Racy videos and pictures that she was sending to her lover were all around the gossip print and the internet
Everyone loves Romania
They even gave Belgrad to Suleiman the Magnificent, because they are more scared Hungarians than Osman Empire
The people seem to have similar sensibilities and the cities, but mostly small towns, feel strangely familiar
• Serbia won WW1 I don't think it was expected for them to give up power to those that fought on the opposite side like Croatians
Always
They are not killing innocent Macedonians.
My grandfather was killed by the partizans for fighting against the Germans with the Chetniks
Yet, despite all this, you all keep working, and for that we all are thankful for this
Attempting to sit in two chairs always slapped Serbia in the face.
etc
I said his nationality was Austro - Hungarian.
What more 'self-determination' do you need?
accusing us of murdering 8000 people in Bosnia
The Russians really dont understand that in the end they have nothing to offer.
It also depends on what definition do we use for the word 'genocide' because it has changed through the years.
Means: Up there the mountains burn worse
Џон мејд хиз веј ту а таверн тру д дарк форест, онли ту фајнд аут дат хи форгот д мани.
Additionally, event if that is all free money it is not even close to amount Serbia lost and is losing on the actions of EU
Yep
In Europe and in Turkey, we are witnesses of increasing number of attack on Armenians
Please stop writing
(Probably that we will take more refugees) and many other examples
Those close ties which Serbia harbors with Russia?
Thank you Montenegro for being the most badass country to exist
how will these countries cope?
When the Empire fell they tried to sieze land
[@Lullindo ] page :)
I never said I agree with Trump in this regard.
What does genocide even have to do with this?
They are gifting us with garbage, but it seems generous to simpletons, so that's going to be shown as a great thing in our censored media...
wow what a load of crap lmao
• [Gračanica Monastery] a beautiful Byzantine influenced Monastery, sadly in danger
Also got offered Tshirts with Kosovo is Serbia lol got called an Orthodox brother, brother Serb and that stuff, and thats not just an isolated incident, in every place i went,even in Athens.
Only for it to collapse 25 years later, we were doing better as a Kingdom or Great Principality or even a Despotate
And since packages weren’t received by those who paid for them, they complained to AliExpress and got their money back, but that left sellers without money and the goods
One of the opposition leaders even got our courts to rule in his favor and concluded over 2700 (25%) voting places had major irregularities
Srebrenica took 8000, but it's proclaimed as genocide.
My guy Europe's border is the Ural Mountains
In 1909, Serbian intellectual Jovan Hadži-Vasiljević explained that the major motivation for the 1878 deportation was also to 'create a pure Serbian nation state' by 'cleansing' the land of the non-Christians, as 'the great Serbian poet Njegoš argued'. Hadži-Vasiljević was here interpreting Njegoš rather loosely, as Njegoš work focused on the Slavonic Muslims and not on Albanian Muslims
Pot calling the kettle black...
First railway air brake
Anything to keep shareholders happy...
Your flair is the flag of the European Union ...
Oh we all heard that one
> Even night clubs had these insane queues where you sometimes had to wait between 15-90 (!) minutes to get in
If you bought a chair for a similar price from a local company the chair parts would be most likely plastic
In public transport, never refuse to give your seat to old ladies, pregnant women, women with kid(s), invalids (i mean this is a general thing, i hope
Hope our French brothers are doing okey and give justice to those savages,dont care if some see it as a racist thing or whatever murder and even beheading from what I read is an act of savagery
Yugoslavia never went full retard with planned economy the way Soviet Union did, so by the late 80s it was indeed doing significantly better than the rest of the so-called Eastern Bloc, but not the West, however the gap was still smaller then than it is now (in Serbia at least).
i (and), a (conjunction for two actions that are not same or related), u (in), o (about), k (towards), s (with)
Hungary: Mađarska
Come home, my mountain Serb brother
I have never seen one in Serbia
You can come by with English in the capital, but outside it's very difficult.
However, more often they just "attempt" suicide in order to attract the attention of their parents, like cutting themselves or taking random pills.
500e/yr or ~6500e monthly
I would say
Well
Only political orientations here are selfishness and greed
university of ljubljana has far better results on the Shanghai list though.
I'm not Polish so I can't say what feels more 'domestic' to you, but Warsaw had a distinct eastern/middle Europe feel to it, and cities like Gdansk obviously feel and look much more like western/northern Europe
The Latin script
Eat lunch
well you don't have to put those 3, and pljeskavica can be eaten in a normal bun, it sometimes is here, but most people prefer it in somun.
The propagandistic intensity of the Serbian news jumps out of the screen.
I would say there are very few, considering that they are taught that their religion is literal fact.
People here love to help each other
Zavisan (without the t) means addicted or dependent
They kinda attacked the country and since Serbia was not that powerful it was easy to kill off so many people.
Italy for pizzas and some Balkans for Pljeskavica.
It's a little known fact that the war in Bosnia was actually caused when Serbs and Croats invaded to capture the giraffes for themselves.
If you like to learn more of Russian history i can recommend you watch this mini series:
Oh, so you're one of *those* people who actually believe that....
I don't think I've ever met a person who can't ride it
we have it too and i gathered courage to try it only when i was 19 haha
EDIT: And for your edit, why would /r/europe hate him for it
They only trapped one Balkan country
You still have checks and balances even if Donald is ripping everything apart
If I try fast then it's a no go but slowly I can
>  or chocolate-coated almonds being the typical Easter treat
Do you enjoy telecommunications and phones?
At this point they don't even hide that this sub-reddit is a huge circle-jerk.
Interesting
Well his father kinda doomed whole Balkans so that was the only thing he could do and save some of his dignity
What about the Russian monarchs, would sound foreign but some more than others
After the Chinese, of course
Yeah, I'm gonna be honest here, I won't cry about Pavelić killing Serbians who suppressed Croats in Yugoslavia...
EDIT: you guys made me chuckle
Is Ukraine's fight for Crimea useless and ideological
And what could possibly happen without borders, except the massive influx of various terrorist groups that can now roam around the world and cause chaos
I mean we were at one point in history the same country and I still don't understand them one bit.
You've been to Bosnia, but you could check out Albania, Serbia, Montenegro, Macedonia.
Honestly kinda surprised for Kosovo there
Black Hand Assassination Hit Squad
Didn't stop US and EU to support them once they realized that they are the only pro-EU options.
Why do they have a picture of famous American inventor Nick Thompson?
"Is Serbia a dictatorship or do people chose their representatives?
We went ahead and made that our official name, you know, since it wasn't like, already taken by other people and places or anything.
They're funny tourists in general, always in groups and snapping pictures of everything
Based on what had happened in other Balkan countries, specifically ex-yugoslavia's, the whole world knew we couldn't let Serbia do any more damage.
Same here, but switch *v* with *u*, *z* is *iz*, and *u* means *in*.
Jel si razumeo foru
In Serbia some people call Italians "žabari" what means frog eaters
Albanians are all over Kosovo
It's doable, but is it worth missing Serbia and Montenegro for?
I think that's the only reasonable solution and it should happen ASAP.
Edit: But hey, come visit us
it's sad tbh
I doubt people know the difference.
Just more pathetic Serbian propaganda and lies, you even disapproved your statement yourself by the provided link.
Instead of the tossing of the garter, the groom will cast an apple that has coins embedded in it over the bride’s head to all of the single gentlemen
Russia's Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev went to Serbia a day after that and held closed meetings with the president and other tops
he was invited by Iraqi government
Hah, you guys are amateurs when it comes to eastern-europeanism
So yeah, id worry less about Germany, and more about USA,Russia and Turkey.
After the war, Croatia clearly "said" that they don't want to do anything with us in the future, we did the same and we just kept the distance since then
The country of six republics, five nationalities, four languages, three religions and two alphabets wasn't gonna survive without dictator.
Yeah, but that's not what Serbia did, that's what one Bosnian Serb did
The trojan horse part usually comes then talks start about Serbia joining EU.
Never did i have a video load up faster
I just can't stand them so i wouldn't even bother working there, maybe as a last resort
So if we have Markovićeva, that means Marković is her surname, while if she's called Markovićka, that means Marković is her married name
Being from the northern part of Serbia (Vojvodina), can confirm I can swear in Hungarian, Slovak and Ruthenian, as well as in Serbian
Republika Srpska PM Željka Cvijanović and Serbian FM Ivica Dačić met U.S.
Kosovo is not a member of UN and most likely will never become one.
But the worst for me is “Cipela” (“shoe”) where the guy sings about his shoe going round the world
Croatia is almost purely inhabited by the Croats nowadays, compared to before-the-war era, where you had at least 30% of the Serbian population).
could stand out better
We use it the same way here
Obviously a slang term but commonly used to refer to something far away
The author, as many have pointed out is a Croat.
You are never getting Kosovo back, that is just how it is
You can not kill kebab retroactively
We love Americans, tho
Good try, but no
Comparing Yugoslavia to Austro-Hungary is dumb
You are recognising a part of our country and you bombed us
Otherwise why would Serbia (Russia's undeniable ally) deport Russian citizens for plotting terrorist acts in Montenegro and publicly state they were taking part in a coup?
Pale old communists everywhere
The war was started by Albanian separatists.
I didn't know my country is into Star craft (Serbia)
Here's a joke about pretending to speak Hungarian for you OP:
Unfortunately, they were hit quite hard by the '08 crisis and so they haven't made much progress since then.
There are also "s" (with) and "k" (/), but they are just shorter versions of "sa" and "ka".
Montenegro - People of the two are very close and hostile towards each other (mostly), but our goverments are not in good shapes lately and montenegrin politicians intend to make their own orthodox church, which is obviously not a good sign for our people there
Just imagine that you are a 1 year old and you are learning your native language
I grew up in Western Romania, and the much of the shit you see in these pictures was happening here as well, not to mention almost everyone was involved in smuggling during the embargo on Serbia, most of the filthy rich people in Caras-Severin county became filthy rich during that period.
I like those
As long as you don't touch Serbian yogurt, we're cool.
I wouldn't say it's equal to France, but it is evident that it is better off than most eastern countries.
Ugh I hope that severity will change someday soon
badly, but not as badly as hitler
Lol, good one
residency isn't that "important" here.
There were a lot of Spanish soap operas every single day on almost every channel
In Serbo-Croatian, *hvala* can also mean *praise*, although it's a bit archaic
Yeah, btw we will also eventually need Serbia for that, you know, to add the Remove Kebab ingredient.
I know but you don't have to get instantly as red as your flag.
They didn't choose to leave but they didn't choose to be part of Croatia either
Bullshit, people were screaming at the same thing with China and India 20 years ago, turns out that every country that gets to a certain level of development (exactly like China and India) stops making 5/6 children for every family, and do 1 or 2 at max.
The [Serbian Despotate] that succeeded it is sometimes romanticised as a Renaissance state
Yeah, I have a feeling Belgium and Serbia would disagree about it being glorious...
Some people do have the superiority complex, unfortunately
From necklaces to bracelets, the bride has an array of lovely details to choose from for her bridal beauty
I don't like either
If we use the strict definition then yes it can be considered as such, if we apply the 'relaxed' definition then no, not really.
Let's hope for another couple of millenia of peacetime between us.
> What kind of bargaining chip did Slovenia have
\[1\]\[5\] In Northern Albania, conflict with Slavs emerged as an additional factor toward conversion to Islam
etc
tell that to the serbs in the north
So, Albania/"Kosovo", only solution I see is a one country two systems type approach on Kosovo (like Hong Kong), or us re annexing Kosovo
Yeah
Nobody cares at all
Top eleven: football manager
Serbs and macedonians are most definitely the same people and serbs and greeks are similarly religious.
Sci-fi - i like the stuff that centers on space exploration, first contact or survival of the earth.
At the latest elections for the governing parties I saw a party named "none of the above choices", and some people would go ahead and choose that, thinking they voted for nobody
Yes but Croatia and Serbia are two of the most religious countries in Europe
Very good, actually the best neighbors
Is there anything similar in Serbian history?
From there you could connect Sofia, to Kulata / Greek border, and probably to Plovdiv and Turkish border aswell
We don't like anything that comes from the US government
For me, personally it's
Oh, definitely
I read somewhere that Serbia is the least racist country in Europe
Moved 2000km from Belgrade, Serbia to Paris
Pros:Weather,cheap,not too many people, education, nightlife,fast internet connection,5G rolled out in 2019 in Subotica and Belgrade,memes,there are no vegans running up to you and annoying you
If by em you mean Albanians, I don't mind them, just hate a few specific ones (which if I talk about people assume I hate all Albanians and am faking and then I get banned)
So it's a necessity to include those to have anything called "national" to be meaningful
Actually both
They built a slave empire that raided Ukraine and Russia and was feared by all Slavs up to Poland for a long time.
Serbian Cinderella:
Except you can't run into youngsters everywhere, especially if you go to some civil service, or even a bakery or supermarket.
What about Albania, Macedonia, Montenegro?
While the FSK needs to become a proper army
As others have said, you are more likely to be laughed at for being American rather than being brown skinned.
Due to its cultural ties to Hungary, historically, it was always more Central European in culture, religion, language, government and architecture
Is it true
Savage
Danish is super difficult, but also kind of likable in a way, from my persepective
European Parliament vice prez is already demanding EU to pressure Serbia into dropping charges, so much for that...
Terrorists are responsible for terrorism.
In my family only my dad smokes now
(Whom
I'm in 8th grade in Serbia so it's typically like this without isolation:
Check Google Classroom if there are any tasks we need to do
One is an ally, the other is - to say the least - a hostile government for the time being.
Now when that bites them in the ass, they seek understanding and compassion from their customers who have nothing to do with that market
With each country having it's own standard as well.
Didn’t you guys have had one spelling till 1989 and another afterwards
Albania
Kids backpacks are extremely heavy so it would be much better
There are also mandatory benefits, like health and pension plans, but those are state-governed, so they're nothing special
Whether this was fair or not depends on who you ask, but geopolitics is not always fair.
everything south of danube was always serbian.
Formidable job
I don't think it's even at all
Dont worry, serbia has friendly ~~concentation camp~~ hospitals
Buying of the Bride:
It's just 2 new negotiation chapters being opened.
It's fun nonsense though, and it really works in Serbian
EU is bending over backwards to Serbia, trying to move it away from Putin's sphere of influence.
You couldve explained in what way is monrachy good, so yours wasnt very insightful either
Umm
Football fans can be normal, but the bad football fans are called the hooligans.
That's pretty much the only thing they have left, for some reason.
I just love Polish "plażing" as a word, it's such a mood
Little Russia doing Russian things
My school had a Hungarian class (I'm from Vojvodina) and Serbian classes
I don't think I've encountered a shared washing machine in my life
I know but it's something like that.
Now, don't spin my words and say that I'm justifying Russia's actions, I'm merely explaining them to you.
What will make someone love you will really trigger someone else
territory lines can be agreed upon and with some population exchange you could achieve it.
There is a food company called "Aleva", and it was the first producer of minced paprika here
So important that we won't say grand grand grand grandfather, but instead "Askurđel". Infact we can go up to 16 generations backwards and still have unique names for them
You do realize that Serbia is atleast 30 years away from fulfilling the requirements from joining the EU
Whats funny is that a week later that she blocked Serbias accession process to the EU just to appear to be "tough on Serbia", was hilarious.
THE
Romania is Epic
One example is Serbia, where a lot of Kosovo Albanians who have Serbian passport but don't want to live in shit hole that is Kosovo, travel with normal tourist visa to Germany and then apply for asylum.
When did we invade Serbia, Romania, Belarus, France, Belgium, Finland?
Even if that was legally true (which it is not, according to everybody but the Soviets), why would you need to point it out?
vast majority of russian people like putin
then make the starting position the East Berlin
Plenty of big proud Serbs who post on this subreddit live abroad.
We have internet
But the thing that confuses me is that I saw some Greeks and Russians writing in Latin
Talking sanity is forbiden here
When you say your all I can see is a person, a guy who brought down a great concept and a great economical power, because of people like you we have to work in some fucking lands all over the world, just because of guys like you, however you might be, Bosnian/Croatian/Serbian...so on, you were the firs ones who gave up on us all really, you taught you might be getting freedom, liberty but what did you really get.
Serbia is a puppet brought in place for one single reason: increasing the russian sphere of influence while destabilizing the EU.
Serbia to Get 8 MiG-29, 2 Buk Missile Systems as Gift From Belarus
Pretty sure he said that on average women are less intelligent but smarter/wiser than men
I never sad we shouldn't be proud of who we are
she then asked if we feel them biting us at all, or are we just used to it, as we are natives
I don't know, really
I went on Kosovo actually
Serious question, Do Serbian politicians actually do anything productive for Serbian people other than falsely promising them the return of Kosova?
Monument to an unknown hero on Kalemegdan fortress or Petrovaradin Fortress
I was on Corfu this summer, the city and the whole island is beyond beautiful
Nevertheless, he felt connected to Croatia.
Maybe in satirical way, but in reality we don't.
You totally fail to account for the cost of living in Serbia vs Netherlands.
however they are not close enough to be fused in one language.
University of Dark Arts
No, it’s New Year’s tradition
On the other hand šv has system of 4 different accents
It's almost like they want him to succeed.
Food is pretty cheap compared to Western European countries
Pronunciation is manageable if you learn the sounds of characters because we have a phonetic system
Cleetus, Skeeter, Duck
I change flats frequently so I can always live near things I need to visit frequently (Currently: girlfriend, job and gym), and use the city transport only when going out of that area to see friends or events
Bruh
Serbia stands with you
You are lucky I'm to fat to run after you because that food would be mine!
Romania has 2 friends
Maybe im the only one thinking this and i may be wrong , but Russia to me seems like my state (Albania) when we were in dictatorship .
Doesn't necessarily have to have an O. For example  a common surname is  Milošević (I know there was one major famous idiot with it as a last name)
"Štokavian", "kajkavian" and "čakavian". The difference between them is the way people say the word "what". Basically "what is this" can be said as "šta je ovo", "kaj je ovo" or "ča je ovo". Kajkavian and čakavian are only present in Croatia
Wait - Serbian and Croatian aren't distinct languages?
Although most of the time I refer to the regional branches and call them by their autocephalous names, like Russian Orthodox, Serbian Orthodox, etc., depending on the church.
People don't go just for beaches when they tourist in Balkans.
It literally felt exactly like a commie block in my city but the whole city is like that and extremely hot in the summer
After all, you guys brought the kebab to the Balkans.
>If you are asking who did yugoslavia commit genocide on as a serb (judging from your user flair) then there are problems
But I would count 1( serbo-croatian) or two Serbian and Croatian language but I think it is more appropriate to wait for answer from Bosnians and Montenegrins ( did I wrote that one right idk)
Perhaps it's because I'm from a particular minority in Vojvodina that would make me Serbian but not actually Serb that I typically mark that difference.
Why not introduce sanctions in that field as well?
Спремни или не, крећем!
My school had a Hungarian class (I'm from Vojvodina) and Serbian classes
Estrenar: To use something for the first time, launch a project, premiere a movie, etc.
Bosnia and Serbia will kick things off while the Croats roll their eyes, but ending up getting involved anyway out of habit.
I'll link the article if I can manage to find it.
Since I started using English excessively, going back to my mother tongue feels like stepping from a simple one plus two to incomprehensible equations that solves problems of gravity and mass at superluminal speeds
In Serbia we also eat poppy seeds, and they are espetially popular in the north of the country (the region which has a lot of indluence from central Europe)
How not to use paratroopers ft
Where r u from
It's either that or the "BUT THEY DID IT TOO" card.
"Serbs did it
If you don't agree with the article,please, state otherwise, until then, reap profits from the illegal trafficking.
Well, not really a single poem/national epic
The YNLA was the most effective anti-fascist movement in Europe, they controlled land in Yugoslavia while the Nazis had pretty much the whole of mainland Europe.
Croatia, BH, Macedonia, And Serbia all have ethnic tensions.
Don't forget the Albanian uprising in Podujevo,Bujanovac and Medevedja that Serbia quelled in 2001.
If NATO haven't gone Yugoslavia on Serbia, Serbia might still be this ultra weird semi criminal state isolated from rest of the Europe.
Saint Sava
Electricity(My Croat brothers might disagree with me but well)(Also all of the other Tesla's inventions)
I believe SANU (The Serbian Science and Arts Academy) is in charge of that, however, in my opinion they're incompetent twats.
Bombing is not something a friendly power does to you.
That's what our historians say.
thank god were not in the eu
Quantinum Discord
Sorry for confusing English in advance, will post source when I figure out how to look for it
I was forced one time to use iMac Air for few months, and it was a real torture, so limited so closed ecosystem, like made only for surfing the internet and social networks - piece of crap put in shiny box
I love it when someone speaks one of those
Reddit For Sale: How We Bought The Top Spot For $200 - xpost from r/videos
We eat a lot of bread
Don't know what part you live in, but here in Dublin we call "soccer" football.
Yeah, probably thats the reason you're getting downvoted.
He's contraversial there's no unified opinion
:P Sorry if i came across as agitated hah
Just a few weeks ago our president visited a war commemoration event in Dubrovnik where she distributed Serbian chocolates to the children.
Baka Prase’s endtrack on Voyage
Serbia signed Brussels agreement and did everything required of her
You just really hate the US, so you decided to went your anger here for no reason didn't you?
Je me sens très bien aussi, merci beaucoup.
No Vatican Lo-Fi girl
City of Smederevo was mentioned first in 1019 and its fortress got built in 1480s.
Torun is always in my heart, if a Serbian girl can chime in here :)
The ICTY conducted a separate investigation from the RDC, thus the numbers we posted are different.
I'm going to Jump
You'll have more luck funding it on IRC (#bookz).
It is a joke by Vucic and Seselj
Crusader Kings 2: Havent played it much, I've played with Ireland, Castille and Francia
It's dissapointingly called "Carinski rat" (Tarrif war) in Serbian
They recently lost ethnic Serb regions in Bosnia and Montenegro, and they didn't heal from that pain before losing Kosovo.
You can still withdraw money with your Serbian credit card, a knife.
There also used to be a "homekeeping" (domaćinstvo) class, but it got canceled nation-wide during the early '90s.
No but on the bright side during this period the UK has no say in future European affairs
Serbia is one now to
you're spamming "BiH is a beautiful country" and acting as if Republika Srpska doesn't exist, even though it's very real and pretty close to being a different country.
Serbia should do what if feels like is necessary if its people are threatened.
So as long as Serbia has a claim on it and it doesn't relinquish that claim it's fine.
that's already been proposed by many.
There are few drunken beggars but they keep to themselves
Also, your map makes us very small :(
They released him later, so thats probably what is going to happen now too.
I think the rise of social media, especially with the dominant websites being primarily in English (reddit, tumblr, insta, 9gag, deviantart, youtube…) has definitely contributed to that
They look ridiculous most of the times and they aren't taken seriously by the general population anyway
Oh - o
Serbians and Croatians have different names mostly, I'm not surprised it's a thing in Croatia although some here say it's a thing in Serbia too although I've never heard of anyone with that name
There is also widely spread grape rakija - lozovača and komovica, but I think that Serbian made grape rakija are subpar to those made in Montenegro
It won't be a world war(hopefully)
Thank you, Greece, you are our greatest ally
Then call it Bohemia and be done with it.
This hawkish view is very counterproductive and frankly quite dangerous for world peace.
Insulation and isolation
They were mostly corporate banks from this list...
Fuck this pretentious German bullshit
4) I've seen too many maps with Serbia having, what, a gun for every third person, which is idiotic
I have not yet visited all the European countries, but for the countries I've visited these three can all compete for number one: Scotland, Serbia, Slovenia.
> Šuker’s support of the defender Josip Simunić has also generated outrage
I'm in the UK and I do consider Turkey European, and know a few Turks.
"i" (and), "a" (but/while), "o" (about), "u" (in) are the ones I can think of now
Bulgaria
The fact that the worst atrocity was perpetrated by a native doesn't make the acts of muslim terrorists any less horrible.
Little dictator Vucic has the biggest support coming from EU officials and leaders, unfortunatelly.
Yeah, I think the same
yeah, just be a nazi ally
Netherlands stoners stealing land from the sea
Extremist is writing in a train "Kosovo is Serbia" and then blaming Kosovo.
Hello r/europe i would just like to present to you the potential new president of Serbia.
I mean, I don't like the Ottomans as much as the next Balkanite, but it was pretty "great" for a while.
those youtube commenters made sure we know it
This isn't just about happy cooperation, this is Brusseles bullying other member states to do their bidding.
I think that, on the other side, people in Russia are being afraid of western, NATO, liberal propaganda as well.
Nemanja, Stefan, Dushan, Urosh, Lazar, Alexander, Petar, Mihailo, Milosh, Nikola, those are the first that came to mind
Understood most of it
Wait, so iPhone is more popular in the US fhan Samsung Galaxy Note, for example
Yes, I would like to order some sarcasm to be delivered to u/sol1000, thanks.
[Hvis lyset tar oss]
N-Unforgetable fun(Незаборавна забава)
It's a really big part of our cuisine
But couldn't Kosovo be divided between Albania and Serbia peacefully?
But Serbian leadership is on a whole different level.
It's complicated
Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Countries are far far richer than most countries and i wouldn't move there in 2 lifetimes
Hard to say
I'm pretty sure Croatian chocolate is much better than Serbian chocolate for kids >_>
We do beat them in average height
Me too
Hahah, yeah I might have exeggarated it, but what I meant was there's no young people there
European social democrats historically identified as socialists and the parties today still identify as democratic socialist in their party constitutions and talk about overcoming capitalism
Ask your parents what the popularity of hijabs was during Tito and what's it like now.
If you believe what our politicians say, very important
I don't even care if what you're saying is true as I consider myself an Albanian instead of Kosovar, but if you go far back everyone has been ethnically cleansed and moved to another territory, this argument is dumb because the solution is "let Serbia genocide Kosovo and then repopulate it".
There's the expulsion of the Albanians from Toplica in 1878
And most of the EU gets its gas from Russia.
Rye could be grown in abundance and Humulus lupulus grow of it’s own without any special care, so with some knowledge, you’ll be good to go in a season
He never said anything about any terror attack in the clip.
little saturday -> subotica
Yes, of course
You do know that NATO is a defensive pact, and that Kosovo is not a member of NATO?
For example, Ceca is a nickname for Svetlana
It's the elixir of youth and it tastes like happiness
I think every nation uses that for someone lol
"Vukojebina" ¿a place were wolves fuck
Jealosy = Ljubomora (could rougly translate to Love nightmare)
Now accent is pretty hard for non-native speakers
I'd probably vote for FDP if I was a German citizen.
I am idiot zavidan is envy
Croziflette for life
I still don't know the language that well to catch stuff like that, I can only see that he has a lot of views on youtube
Of course, every atrocity has its roots which aren't impossible to understand, quite the contrary, it's absolutely necessary
tbh the garbage content are the news articles as well.
And what about ["A ty myla"] and "[Gei sokoly] those are among my favorite ukrainian songs
In poor, not so well, but the alternative would have only been worse (for the people)
In Serbia Yugoslavia and Tito
There are places where the industry is lacking the workforce and there are places where the workforce is in abundance, so now instead of both regions suffering it balances itself out.
I'm regularly seeing elementary school kids smoking cigarettes in the park, instead of playing there.
Lobbying is a real thing in the EU for a while now, but people turned a blind eye to it
The war pn the Eastern front was of an entirely different nature than in the Western front.
The government doesn't represent the population.
Where are your shitty facades, roadsides infested with weeds, roads infested with semi-patched holes, a single stray dog that somehow strayed from its pack of stray dogs
Got em
Why are these even distinct languages
Britanci tkao izgovaraju, mada kod nas se gotovo nikada ne prevodi tako
If someone speaks a dialect that doesn't have all the cases, then he's "uneducated".
Wallachian people are usually Serbs with Romanian origin and they're using both serbian and romanian language
They don't make them like they used to
I mean the Balkans are pretty shit anyway, adding you guys can't really make anything worse than it already is
In what world is he not Croatian just because his parents were Serbian?
a spy
Montenegrin and Serbian are the same
No one here is willing to lay their lives for such  idea
As you get further away from Western Europe (UK and France) chances of terrorist attacks and/or rape grow EXPONENTIALLY.
Austro-Ugarska
I am impressed with how much effort you guys put into these things...
The point of my comment is if a certain people in Serbia have the right to self determination.
Probably "electing" Tito and the establishment of communist socialism in Yugoslavia
Well, it's a very long way from Russia to Serbia with all the other countries in between.
Also, you can go to Italy by boat
6 m? 1 year
First we were a kingdom before Ottoman occupation, when we freed ourselves we became a kingdom again, then Yugoslav kingdom, then WW2 happened, the leaders would rig elections, have full media control etc, when Yugoslavia fell apart we thought we would have democracy again, nope same things as what happened in Yugoslavia are still happening
This is all personal anecdote but still having friends there and visiting often sentiment is still the same
A 1990s non-existent city in the Federal Republic of The European Union located somewhere around the Adriatic, due to the formation of a unified European state the cultures are all messed up with 50% of the people being Italians while the rest are a mixture of Tourists, corrupt government officials and various European and non-European migrants which together make up this Free city
Is Kosovo not our territory
Do you have an obsession with Serbia?
Yeah that's why i love when Croatian girls speak
Actually we don't have beef with them
I like you ppl from US
I don't see how posting proof counts as making fun though
Although its one redeeming factor (that I noticed at least) is a cool nerdy shop in front of the train station where I bought a Jango Fett action figure
anything that comes to mind, i want to see how pricy are you ;D
a 'nie' je otprilike ně
Why on earth would Patrushev go to Serbia personally
Trst je naš (joke)
Also if they're against Islam then they're against Syria as a whole then it seems haha
Yeah they would send people, but the question clearly mentions an invasion
You can check for more info online, there are *plenty* of sources.
How can you possibly discriminate against someone if you can't even readily identify them??
I've heard some from the south say that "we are the same people" but even they are fine with Macedonia's independence.
Drz'te se, hrvati
We should completely believe what they said
[This] says ours is 40%. Also we aren't in the EU
>"give me 100000 croats and I'll conquer the world"
Not everyone recognizes it as ''independent'' though.
Hahahahah" cue my head hitting the desk
Most likely Niš or Novi Sad, while I personally prefer Niš, I think Novi Sad would fit better as a capital as it's a little bigger
I'm from village with barely any population and i only had 8  classmates in primary school thats how bad it is
Serbia was the reason for every single war in the region except the conflict between Macedonia and Albania.
Lobbying is a real thing in the EU for a while now, but people turned a blind eye to it
I mean, that's exactly what you're doing.
I m literally supporting verdicts of international courts
Lol it's impossible to win isn't it?
This is a problem because the same method isn't applied on left-leaning media outlets.
I play rugby myself, it's a great and fun sport, too bad people mix it up with american football
Montenegrin politicians and people were supportive
Civil servants in Russia sometimes mistake their flag for Serbia.
Polish: 30% at best, it's much different from Serbian with all those long words that sound pretty hard to say
I imagine it's because of Android's variety
i don't like it when people demean the Balkans
People living in the far eastern parts of Serbia speak way faster than in the north
Well he was an intelligent ruler, gotta give him credit for that
Usually it's told in advance I think
Yeah, you guys have too much freedom in Turkey.
After the centralisation of Kosovo and Vojvodina, Serbia's power grew to a point that it could bully the other republics around.
Colubara oxen, now believed extinct breed from northern Serbian regions
You are slavs, not the descendants of the Macedonians.
That's how this thing works, you don't have people thinking about a problem, you have a process where they will certainly fail to do anything
Never, all the options in my country are moderate right wing or extreme right wing
If your child isn't Catholic, it goes to the bottom of the waiting list.
Sada kada razmislim mislim da sam bio pogresio, slava se uglavnom uzima kada otac umre mada i ne mora
Nope, either he didn't explain it properly or i was wrong, can't be both.
Serbia declined to sign the Treaty of Rambouillet, then NATO attacked to prevent Serbia from committing more human rights abuses and crimes against Kosovo Albanians.
Our Sandra Perkovic is the first woman in olympic history who defended her gold medal in the discus throw.
The recent trend of creating neologisms in Croatian is living proof of that.
UHU for glue stick
I took my South African boyfriend to Belgrade last year and he couldn't believe it
Today it is mostly seen as marginal issue.
And in Denmark the IDs have no picture
I've gotten the same impression with Slovenian.
Not sure how that Serbia and Herzegovina makes me feel.
Montenegro: Crna Gora
It exists
Had the exact same thought
For example the NSU or Blood and Honour type networks are/were involved there
Yeah but him dieing started it
Not necessarily normal, but considering their work ethic and the increasing number of NEETs that the older generations frown on, it makes perfect sense
Neither of them are nicknames for Aleksandar
If it wasn't for us and Greeks, you'd still be under Turks so be grateful.
>We were a fairly solid democracy, especially by the standards of the times, under the Karađorđević
I thought German was the most studied language in Croatia.
I don't think any other chocolate brand comes close
Ђ ђ |Đ đ  |like Ј in jukebox (little softer)
or more like a little statistical body and sample.
It's actually pretty similar here we like to drink coffee and do nothing as well
You're probably better off getting a grippen
the obligatory "voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir
I'm glad that the logical conclusions of your thinking never came to fruition.
It's not just "their decision sucked".
More countries are on our side not recognizing Kosovo
Subotica - Little Saturday
You are intentionally being obtuse
I thought that everyone learns Serbian,as we here learn English and German/French/Russian
Once you do get the gun, you have to pay ridiculous taxes just for owning it, which most people cannot afford
Nope, Serbian tricolor with the 'square' eagle
And (at least in my school) nobody knows the cursive for Latin after 4th grade, and everyone freaks out when we have to write something in it
Kite = Dicks
A they give us cheap Russian accents and B it's almost always putting us in a bad light
If Austria-Hungry did not have the blank cheque from Germany, its likely they would not have declared war on Serbia given the Russians beat them 50 years earlier in the Austrian Civil War.
that looks like that Russian company who made these trains didn't know the latin alphabet and decided to improvise.
It was a nazi puppet state that committed horrible attrocities to jews, serbs, romanis and Orthodox followers in general.
Also Vojko V
We had Kosovo, and they had their way and are independent
Thank you, France, for your help in liberating and feeding our people during WWI
Montenegro
Here's a giant fuck you to the Karađorđević and Obrenović dynasties and all of their enablers
And then they build huge golden monuments to taunt Serbians.
I am an atheist
I tried some Croatian/Serbian foods as well, they were more tasty, at least to me.
I still think saving money somewhere else can also be painful.
yeah
Like, declare independence from Kosovo, then, they can decide to join Serbia if they wish.
I didn't generalise people here, I was just wondering if people take off their shoes or not
Serbia really has no problems except the Kosovo thing.
Christmas, New Year, 3 birthdays, skiing
All our racist energy is directed at Albanians
Bosnian and Albanian circlejerk nationalists, downvoting everything that has to do with Serbia
The crown prince is William as far as I know.
It's not just an accent, they are quite different.
Your country is the biggest threat to peace and stability in the Balkans.
Support to our neighbors from Serbia
I think we have discovered the best way of running things, legalised crime is the way to go
Why are you dragging the Us government into this show?
I think it helps criminals to flee from one country to another, oh but no showing your passport.
eh all slavic languages have that, i think.
That's an insane achievement only a few people who ever lived would be capable of !
Recieving a receipt in greece is kind of rare, while in serbia i get receipts even in the village stores
My grandpa owned a pretty valuable revolver, he sold it and bough a new car out of the money
According to my country's law it is
I don't know how that works for them but in their company I make a conscious decision not to talk about religion
Wooden shoes
This did not happen, so Germany declared Russia the war, not the other way around.
The reason Serbia lost there was because when the last Nemanjic died, Serbia was greatly weakened as now it was near impossible to unite all the knezes
Meaning we have 30 different voices and 30 respective graphemes, without exceptions
I am not a chetnik nor do i support them, i just don't like Ustashe and history revisionism.
One of the causes of WW1 is considered the killing of Franz Ferdinand by the Serbian nationalist Gavriel Princip.
Same for Aunt
Nevertheless, we do better for ourselves if we can get on with it - not forget, but get on with life as it is dealt to us.
My bet for the next is Serbia and Montenegro, or at least Montenegro, before 2022.
Verbs aren’t easy i still go to nouvel observateur to look up the conjugation of some irregular verbs
Bulgaria
Russia as a fellow Slavic country, probably the closest one through that
Only case if that ever happens is if the EU does something about it.
Slovenes, Croats and Serbs joined willingly and it was quite a pooular move back then
This is what happens when after the war you get people in government that are supporters of Ustaše.
The ruling party has even used firewood as a means of bribing people for votes.
Personally the biggest change for the better in Serbia was canceling the visa requirements from EU countries for Serbian citizens.
Such a bastion of hope which has the highest per capita members joining ISIS and which like Albania, barely funcitions.
Definately depends where
Wow Irish sounds like what Elves speak in the witcher universe
Come Serbia, let the force flow through you.
There have been times when a waiter would approach the table I'm sitting at and be all like "HI MY LOVELIES, HOW ARE WE TODAY, WE GOOD, HOW CAN I MAKE THINGS BETTER FOR YOU TODAY" and after staring at him in shock for a few seconds I was seriously considering pouring a glass of water over him just to snap him out of it.
I'm guessing the building owner hired someone to do this, wouldn't really call it street art.
You say Russia has to make sure it is reintegrated.
Food is pretty cheap compared to Western European countries
Do you people not get that
Ako da, probaj sa mlečnom čokoladom & lešnikom.
Oh, so your government is quite conservative on this issue to say the least.
Because this is how you get the Queen imposing absolute monarchy and ending Brexit
Good question, my Serbian friend.
WikiLeaks recently published a series of tweets regarding "Vault 7", you can read [this very interesting theory]
Not quite a board game, but almost
I mean, it's not caricature of Asian men, but  could be associated with Hong Kong protest at best if you streach it, as far as I understood
Support to our neighbors from Serbia
Thst is the first time I've ver heard thst rumor and I've lived here for 25 years
(Wiem ze po polsku jest smierc
Imagine being put in a meat processing machine
As Vokri said, Serbia filed a lawsuit which has legal strength.
I've also heard that Bulgarian soldiers in Afghanistan listened to Roki Vulovic and other war songs from the 90s to boost their morale.
'dream borders' is a meaningless phrase, almost every Euro country has irredentism and Turkey has their dreams too.
I hate the summer colours, too.
As a Serb living in Ireland, I can confirm there are too many Croats here.
Alexander the Great was North Macedonian
Also don't forget Bosnia had a recent war which is the reason for the discord between the people, Belgium on the other hand doesn't even have a war to blame that on lol
Yes, they are about as "distinct" as British English and American English.
We all chill out and don't give a shit about views of others.
As I understand from people in Serbia, many Roma children drop out of school before completing it.
I feel you mate, I know how it feels 100%
Totally, i speak in somewhat mixed accent (non-rhotic though, because those American r's twist my tongue if i speak fast) which tends to lean more on British or American side depending on the context and current influence
this describes the balkans as whole very well lmao
Comparing Serbia's rule over Kosovo with Ottoman rule of the Balkans is pretty humiliating, first to yourself foremost, and then to everyone else who reads your post.
Greetings from Serbia
For Kosovo, serb - populated parts are controlled by state, while others (mainly albanian - populated Kosovo parts) are not
An Apple for the Men:
London, again
Serbia will not get Kosovo back, the nationalists who keep on whining about it are as pathetic as the Turkish nationalists who think all of the Balkans is Turkey.
Large numbers of Catholics\[2\] and Serbs\[3\] fled north where many "died, some of hunger, others of disease" around [Budapest] After the flight of Serbs, the Pasha of Ipek (Albanian Peja, Serbian Pec) forced Catholic Albanians in the North to move to the now depopulated plains of Southern Serbia, and forced them to convert to Islam there
Yeah, then why NATO built the bases on the first place?
If Srpska wants to join Serbia, let them join.
your list includes some wars from 1500-s...
This cannot be forgotten ever, but this game of who did what to who, and when, needs to stop
If you'd try to interview now, the situation should be better.
I hope it makes you feel better to know it was bought in Hungary!
People mock you for wearing a seatbelt sometimes and, yeah, they will ask if you don't trust them.
They are the direct descendants of the Eastern Roman Empire
It was staged
So 11 I guess
As a personal example, my parents were born just after WW2
Firstly, even if it could be said about my country, does it suddenly make my argument invalid?
The Zarac will be dressed in a wreath of peppers and hold a whip that will divert evil eyes from the happy couple
...Kosovo was part of Serbia before WWI, not Albania
of even carcinogenic [substances in them].
Nobody knows anything about it except that there used to be a significantly different version of Basque but nobody knows where Basque comes from, what languages are related to Basque or something like that.
He won
You will also need a separate visa for Serbia.
Kosovo and Metohija* Serbia has every right to arrest Hashim Thaci, Ramush Haradinaj and other war criminals like them.
Not problematic to find either, if you know the people
A matter of opinion,Poland and Hungary didn't show signs of authoritarianism when they joined yet look at where they ended up,no reason to trust Serbia who doesn't even pretend to like the EU or it's values.
Bc all of us are beautiful, I swear I went to some of those countries and I couldn't find any ugly person
I don't see Macedonia or Albania to join any time soon.
> But fair enough, didn't know much about the Montenegrin part, was just assuming they were full of it as well
We already are controlled by other countries to much, joining the EU will let EU countries control us even more
Europe's eastern border is the Ural mountains and always has been
i mean, the only difference between the two is the wealth, it seems
Owl mocked the Tit ,  Smh
But with a new meaning, so it counts.
N1 je prenosio na svu sreću
Probably Saint Sava in Serbia, he is Jesus Christ of Serbian history in terms of popularity and idolization
Perhaps not, but that doesn't mean Kosovo should be freely let go.
They got their independence from the West, they never had Russian influence in their country, EU did not require from Slovenia to trade its territory for membership
Thats why NATO bombed our military industry.
And this is something you notice, we are getting more homeless people and nuts people in the street
) reeds, bristle the crosspiece with a worshiper
Oh who gives a damn, lets drink!
Ruled a communist state, have minorities in the neighbouring countries they vow to protect, are the same religion, Neighbouring countries are scared they'll attack, land disputes (kosovo Crimea).
So obviously the muslim population of that country is going to be backwards, but not necessarily because of their religion, but because of their country's sociological values.
These days the smell would be smog due to pollution
NATO got involved like they did a few years earlier when Serbia tried to ethnically cleanse Bosnia.
Someone different finally got elected in Banja Luka, I haven't heard of his policies and stance though
I mean, if 55-60% speak another language, isn't that most people being bilingual
Or let's say, they feel threatened under Estonia and want their own country.
It was very frustrating
Official Serbian language is made upon šumadijsko-vojvođanski and istočno-hercegovački
I constantly hear the march of Russian soldiers under my window.
So it's shit
I remember my friend during our school trip btought a flag with him and thought it would be cool to take a pic with it in front of Hitlers home
Not sure, but my tribe was the one of the more troublesome to Ottomans, not paying taxes and stuff, so there was a lot of clashes
Oh absolutely, I'll get on the phone with the president right away!
Bruh I've seen the word for the first time yesterday and now this
45; sometimes never
Mile Kitic - Kilo dole Kilo gore
China doesn't necessarily need the EU together though for it to trade.
You are all speaking as if Greece and Italy were economic paradises before the euro.
The flower is known for being able to be revived by watering it when it becomes completely dry, therefore having a nickname "phoenix flower". That trait symbolises the Serbian Army in WW1 perfectly
Ж ж | Ž ž |like SU in Pleasure (like JE in je m'appelle)
People usually equate those things
I didn't realize they had that many volunteers to make up the NHS.
Looks like nothing fits your agenda, so I will just leave this thread.
I thought all of us slavs had this feature
It's not awkward tho
Not Romania, neither Bulgaria, nor Macedonia, Hungary.
But we don't use "Ugarska" for Hungary anymore, it's Mađarska
In Croatia and other Slavic nations old word is "secan", which literally means "cut".
Yeah good luck being Russian/Turk/Serbian/pseudo-conservative on this sub.
Wow, interesting
Its best encapsulated by these words: "Earthly is a small empire, while heavenly is for ever".
That is if someone said Arkansas, we would know that it is a state, but not much more about it
Umm here come the Balkans
This may be the worse country in Europe when it comes to smoking
Anyway f*k you Milo for destroying the country I loved, for ruining the friendships I made and trying to keep me away from my family there
Well his father kinda doomed whole Balkans so that was the only thing he could do and save some of his dignity
The ruling dynasty was thrown out and murdered and a new pro Russian, authoritarian dysnasty came to power.
Odakle si
It's for general education, we call it "gimnazija".
Thank you Greece and Romania for always being good friends to us especially Greece and as well thanks to Greece for amazing cuisine and giving Europe and world civilisation and many great minds
Protected with a mirror:
I mean, I see you are saying it in spite of the fact that most of the sales of alcohol and tobacco are legal and taxed sales
We *had* to use that thing for every little insignificant thing
Once the wedding reception begins, the bride will ask all of the single ladies “Do you want me to pull your nose
The company itself provides the laptops, phones, drinks, and taxi cards to drive around free of charge
It has the deepest canyon in Europe.
That’s a combination of two languages
Pretty often, paratroopers and engineers reside in my town.
> My own parents used to let me sleep outside all the time in winter, even in -25C. Now I seldom get sick and am rather resistant to cold (-15c to -20c is still t-shirt weather to me)
They gather 50-100 people from one country, put them on the plane with armed guards and fly them back.
It is currently the only European state that is repelling Muslim oppression.
They have a bit of that greek/mediterranean look and i can often discern them.
Yes
I miss biking, and yearn for better public transport planning
Note that the colours represent etymological relations among the translations of the word “year” and do not necessarily correspond to language families.
That's no moon
It's not an American food, but it was influenced by pizza.
Interesantno
No, because it's better to have a nation with less cultures or just only one, because a nation with too many cultures can get messy and things would not get along and ideas would get diverse.
So when a woman has 2 surnames, for example Marija Markovićeva Jovanovićka, that would mean Marković is her surname, and Jovanović is her married name
Oh gosh of course latin, if I could I would just snap those people that type like this: Бил Гејтс (Bill Gates)
BTW there's a little line in Serbia, I'm not sure if that's supposed to be there
Hiroshima (nuke)
Not sure how does that change what Ive said but ok
The average wage is around 350€ , and a decent , nothing special 1
Same here, I know a Gypsy family who named their children Armando, Valentino, Izabel and Rolencija
Naisus aka modern Niš among them
Not sure about flags that arent appreciated
Szekely Land
Ш ш  | Š š | like SH in shock
Why does that piss this sub off so much?
Serbia is not a country anymore ..cause it's heart Kosovo belongs to a foreigner.
(Edit: Subway as in the fast food chain)
What is the general opinion about the 1999 bombing in Romania
This was the closest I could do  I'd love it if you could provide a better example
I've been a drinker my whole life, but now I'm losing my tolerance :( If I could I'd drink milk all the time
I stay silent until the other person speaks, then I respond
Obviously, the small % of nationalists do, but they are irrelevant and don't hold any power.
Ouais, mais les gens qui disent ça sont seulement trop paresseux, ou très aveugles à voir comment belle langue le français est.
Unlike these three, Croatia generally isn't seen as a brother country
A game where you are Grand Prince of Rascia Stefan Nemanja trying to unite divided Serbian states into one to fight against Byzantines, Bulgarians and Hungarians
In Croatian they also say for instance časnik for officer (like a military one) but we say oficir
And the court only stated there was not enough evidence that Milosevic had a master plan for the ethnic cleansing an entire Serbian state.
For me it's much more impressive than Putin only saying a couple of words in Serbian during his visit even though there were more people present and Serbian is somewhat similar to Russian
Quand j'ai eu parti ma maison ce matin, j'ai porté mon manteau et cette chose a été une grave erreur.
I get what you are saying, but I doubt he identifies as a yugo in 2017.
Italy and France have their own capitals, but I'd say Germany is a definite Capital of automotive industry
How often is the irish language used?
Is it because you live in the Eiffel Tower
russia, china, usa under trump
Serbs and Romanians are generally very friendly so i don't see us as frenemies
As much as i don't agree with Kosovo being a state, objectively, it's a fugly monument, dude ,just look at it.
Here, turkish coffee, Nescafé and espresso based coffes are by far most popular.
Like in Czech, Slovak, Russian, Serbian, Macedonian, Bulgarian and Croatian Záchod = toilet, in Polish,Ukrainian, Slovenian, Belarusian Zachod = West.
Eastern Roman empire
Oh we have those douches east of the river too
Ahhhh, nothing warms my heart as our Serbian "brothers".
Why are you running away from discussion then
Not sure if that is a good source to learn Serbian(i've only seen it dubbed) but it's a pretty good movie.
SNS simply because there is no otber candidate.
I'm dreaming about studying software engineering at TU Wien but ain't gonna happen.
Bridal Wreath:
For countries with whom Germany and EU have signed papers, deportation goes more or less smooth.
this is the case of muslim doing bad things to muslim
"The 'cleansing' of Toplica and Kosanica would have long-term negative effects on Serbian-Albanian relations
[Cipela]
What was purpose lol
B-but mama Merkel said we can...
Honestly in Serbian it would be impossible to have spelling bee, because every word is written exactly how it is spoken
You sir just lied
Our first emperor who ruled at that time conquered large part of ERE lands in the Balkans before he was proclaimed emperor, so when time of coronation came official title that he adopted was "Emperor and autocrat of Serbs and Romans". Not a claim to the Roman Empire per se, though not far from it
That makes a whole lot more sense than the standard French.
*1  class is 45 minutes long, little break is 5 minutes, big break is 20 minutes
Peace
Stupidly incorrect
3) Officially it's illegal, but it has the "blind eye" status
It's not the amount of population but the difficulty of reaching decisions when anyone can veto stuff.
I'd be willing to wager they were possibly even unknown by the average Serb (as they are today, from my experience)
Such a beautiful architecture and nice building colors.
Another religion here, other religion there and again another religion there...
Yea, we can't buy guns in Dis
nothing like Croatian and Serbian where you really gotta look for the differences with a magnifying glass.
copyright is a pain as you can tell let alone lines of code
We have the highest amount of register gun per capita in Europe, with 39,1 guns per 100 people, while the US have 120
) I'm not sure that real grown up people living in reality would judge another person for *eating*. It even makes more sense that you won't cook for yourself, so you would go out to eat
I'm a bit drunk and haven't really had a chance to speak English in quite a while so my point might not be getting acroos, but what I meant is that Russia deserved to host it as much as England or Portugal and Spain for example
My wifes family is Serbian and they love Trump and his love for Russia.
I don't think so, the history of Dubrovnik and Ragusa are completely different.
Their policies are the ones that I most agree with and they seem like nice guys.
Night before the battle of Maritza, Serbian army had a feast, got drunk and fell asleep
The person is then offered non fasting food, and he should take the first bite
Yeah, fuck the guy who forced the hystorical car producers to switch to electric, am I right
We saw how that panned out in Srebrenica.
\> West abandons religion
Thanks Russia for supporting us in the UN
Wasn't Poland also an asshole when they burned down Moscow
Eating that cake will not make you a Christian, and not eating it will not make you an atheist.
We use the Digitron brand name instead of the word calculator, because it has become the most famous company that produced calculators in Yugoslavia
I would agree with that, but I think after all the discrimination the Albanians faced from the Serbs they didn't see any option but to secede.
3) Officially it's illegal, but it has the "blind eye" status
Do you think the French and English would co-operate after the Hundred Year War?
So if we have Markovićeva, that means Marković is her surname, while if she's called Markovićka, that means Marković is her married name
Shame
Maybe for you but for me its my home and i will never recognize it not even my kids not even my grand kids and so on
It might not be that obvious in Europe but in the United States the mainstream media is spreading fake news and outright lies like like Stalin's propaganda machine.
[ISBN] [9780521027007] , pp
The bridal wreath allows the bride to stand out, protects her from evil entities, and also symbolizes fertility
Outside of Novi Sad (capital of the province), there isn't really anything interesting to see.
Also canceling mandatory military service for every male citizen.
i think this is still done here
Those who recognized it did because they are western aligned, those who didn't have their own reasoning.
When Resoulution 1244 was signed by Kosovo and Serbs, it stated that the UN mission to Kosovo will determine the political future of Kosovo,but Kosovo will enjoy full beenfits of autonomy, while staying under Serbia.
we have pubs here too, they're cool.
We've learned our lesson
Blue Passports
[Serbia wedding guests 'down plane' - BBC]
I wish we did the same in Serbia.
But the joke's on them, Belgrade is nothing else than a microcosm of the whole Serbia, so they're hating on their own behavior
Ok so why is Serbia green and Albania orange?
I didn't realise that RS is a part of Serbia already.
Yeah, we use them but not poppies
Terrorist*
That seems kind of back-handed...
It was very frustrating
Any of the bloody battles we've hand against far stronger enemies in which thousands marched into their death to fight for Serbia's independence.
Yay
Yes in Venice, 5 day long in Italy
All the bad rep my country gets, you would think they would send somebody who can actually speaks English
They betrayed us
Seems we'll be having a cold one.
If you find yourself asking this kind of question you should move somewhere civilized
If you look nation by their gov, then Americans, French and British people are sick people since their gov killed so many innocent people
Serbia might just impound it, not realising the implication of having accepted it in the first place!
They fought very hard against the Austrian empire.
1900: Belgrade
I funded a month of study earlier in the year and I would love to do another month this summer if I could find the funding.
Missing a Croatian sentence: "Za slavu unije"
Greece and Balkan countries (we pretty much share the same cuisine).
The paper questionnaire in the plane has been abolished, at least I didn't get it when I traveled there in 2014.
Altho CE cartoons led some crazed lunatics to commit terror attacks, now they have supporter and encourager in a leader of one of the biggest and greatest muslim country
visibaba - hanging old lady (snowdrop)
On twitter the assassin is being praised as a hero by Arabs and Syrians.
They reclaimed half of Donbass not by international law or what is rightfully theirs but by their tanks blasting the living shit out of russian separatists.
Rakija- people love it, but for me personally it tastes awful
When groom come to take bride (from her house) he need first to shoot of apple with gun (usuly apple its on tall tree or house)
Is this a one of mourning days in Serbia?
Only way of the Serbian politicians to move the publics attention away from the horribly run government and the corruption in the state.
In USA for a short-term summer working program, the warmest people towards me was serbians.
To bre
Sombor - Catfish Pine tree
4 on Richter scale, VII-VIII on Mercalli scale), over €100mil in damage
During my 17-ish years here, it happend about 20-30 times
Edit: After checking Saint Savas Cathedral is the fourth largest Orthodox Church so far, but it's still an important piece of architecture and one of the biggest churches
If majority of people are for united Bosnia, great, then at least everyone will know whats the will of the people.
I wish more countries did it like this.
Happy Sretenje my Serbian bros!
For once, Chechia and Slovakia are the honorary Balkans and not Portugal
Catalan was about a swimmer
Bulgarian is the mother of all slavic languages??
However when I translate his name in English it gives me Laurence which is different from Lawrence.
If you squint hard enough it looks like one of [these]
Ahem
Honestly not that bad, if you create a nice bubble and don't let any politics in
France throughout history up until relatively recently was a big ally of Serbia and in WW1 they even saved our troops in Albania and transported them to Greece
Once again, you can fight evil on your wedding day by featuring a Zarac
• Turkish occupation for centuries (this is the time we usually focus on the rest of Europe and we skip a couple of hundred years)
We should be transfered somewhere in the Pacific
I was really shocked when I saw how much teens have iPhones in the US (I was an exchange student)
Just knowing that media has the power to make you believe something that is false should make you take everything with a pinch of salt
Not Serbian as related to Serbia, the country.
How I see from other answers, I believe it's just bad luck
Daily dose of how all around were **nazi** and USSR were the only **good guys** propaganda.
Basically, the entire society is investing in education of the new generations.
RemindMe
Whenever there's a football match involving any of the former yugoslavic countries, many sons and daughters of immigrants from former Yugoslavia come out of their respective districts and fight each other.
Kosovo and Metohija
But like I would maybe say that some of the interesting facts about Belgrade is that in its long history (3rd century BC) there were 115 recorded battles over it and it was razed to the ground 44 times
Dude, i think he was joking, chill.
Where does he claim the dynasty as Serbian?
Statistically speaking, most people that converge to *those* types of videos and leave *those* comments are either physically 12 year old (meaning they are literally 12 year old turdballs) or they are mentally 12 year old.
and hate the guts of Serbians and Romanians
Serbs are more similar to Bosniaks and Bosnian Croats
no one mentioned it here but I think Serbs and Russian have good relations.
maybe historically and religiously (eastern-orthodox having the largest share in both countries).
It was a terrible diplomatic document that should never have been presented in that form."
a lot of people's life goal is to go and live there for fuck's sake
(they even sound similar to me).
yup i saw no Serbia, or any prior states.
Jagodić, Miloš (2004)
Since i also speak Italian you can imagine level of confusion
I hate stereotype that we are war endorsing genocidal maniacs
I've straight up recited the old socialist Yugoslavia anthem and other old socialist phrases, several tongue twisters, and even quoted Jules Verne in French just to screw with people
Its just differnet for most of the names
People speak from experience and almost anyone who has meet gypsies either has themselves had a bad experience or knows someone who has
Prosle godine je bio kandidat na lokalnim izborima u jednom gradu, njegov pokret je dobio oko 20%.
Some people havent visited greece
North Macedonia - country that we are mostly cool with from EX-YU ones (along with Slovenia) and they have their own stuff going with Albania and Bulgaria
And that 1918 narrative is a big shame to everyone who actually believes in that bunch of horseshit
The Serbian flag was made by somebody sitting upside-down?
In later centuries the ruling circles were largely staffed with graduates of the youth levy from the Balkans meaning men of Albanian or Serbian but not Turkish origin were dominant.
sure, they keep using it like it's a good thing, but i expect that written on a cemetary gate
Same for Serbia
[Here they are, on another picture for the wedding
Your knowledge of history is lacking.
Not to mention the winters are getting warmer, before it would go as low as -20 celsius during winter, last year there were just a few days where temperatures were a bit lower than 0, it was mostly around 3 or 5 celsius
Do you think he will abdicate though?
Fly to Ljubljana (or Athens, the other way around), take bus to Zagreb/Sofia, take bus to Sofia/Zagreb, take bus to Athens/Ljubljana.
the thing I hate about EU leadership: they play both sides of the field.
We could have done much more, and if we had better government, maybe Kosovo wouldn't have declared independence.
Its far more than US ever did in case of, for example, My Lai massacre, which should be ruled as genocide if Srebrenica was one
I like most countries I visited (not Austria though, sorry).
Never heard of it before and I'm surprised since it looks like a very pretty city, other than that I've noticed I don't know many other spanish cities either, gotta work on that
could've been done with yugoslavia too, yet countries left one by one
Ah well, that's no surprise then
We are all хлеб on this blessed day
He have been brainwashed or he is trying to do the same to us, and push anti-Russian propaganda.
They would say anything that is in their interest
Sometimes I have a feeling that "Balkan" is jusy politically correct way to say "Serbia". Like "Balkan is bad and agressive and poor".
The cause was well known (the Austrian declaration of war on Serbia).
Montenegro needs to either get on the euro standard which it won't or drop the euro for it's own currency
Lol, of course Albania and Serbia would still border each other :p
" Is the best defence there is in ex Yu countries, as long as it's a bad thing
I've even heard that Croatian TV used to put subtitles on Serbian movies.
What
For me is "Na Drini ćuprija" ("The bridge on Drina")  by Ivo Andrić
I am most excited about the Erdogan ones.
I can go on for days, but this is basically in a nutshell
Can’t they just accept it already that Montenegro went their own way
[Ajde Jano] - 18-19 century Serbia (although I prefer Nigel Kennedy and Kroke Band interpretation, this one is more "natural".
I felt so awkward and was just thinking „what the hell is going on?".
Btw
And after you're addicted it both relaxes you and your addiction
Tito
I think that people from Baltics generally don't know or don't care about stuff happening on Balkans.
I can see how it can be misleading though.
Absolute piece of shit
Lol same here
I only said they would interfere with each other if there were more than 7 classes in a day
Also lol why doesn't my country have data?
So we have no ties with the Nemanjic state
I like how he stated a few comments above that only Serbians call him an Albanian, guess this proves him wrong.
I felt as if I returned to a home I never knew
I don't see a better deal than that for either side at the moment.
They haven't been that great with other christians either but with Serbs it was a bloodbath.
And once Kosovo will be claimed by largest regional military power and protected by no one, it will be relevant.
How can people starve in a country like Bosnia or Serbia?
Whether you were joking or not, i wanted to clarify that both sides are at fault for the things that happened in the past.
Melody stolen from Germany/Austria
I always assumed iPhone is reach kids shiny toy, to be honest
Kosovo actually offers them the same rights as all other communities that live here.The fact that they are poor isnt related to them being minority,as you mentioned above everywhere in Europe except Moldovia is better than living in Kosovo.Now im curious to know what other balkan countries offer them,starting from Serbia.
A little long post:
This won't happen in Serbia anytime soon
All of our trains are completely silent because most of them are not functional or, if they are, they cannot go faster than 50 km/h, so you really do not need a quiet coach
Of course NATO countries support the US against Assad
I know a few more names but I think they are districts of Tokyo, also is Himeji a city as well
8% literate, 14% mostly literate, 53
The tower of Serbian skulls built by the Turks in the city of Nis, Serbia.
I'm always astonished by and angry at the greed companies display, and Blizzard perfectly displayed that
Yep
he didnt really, did he
I thought you were speaking about Serbia :D
We use it the same way here
Thank you Montenegro for centuries of being bros, and particularly for Battle of Mojkovac
We have a hymn dedicated to him that the children sing  in school on the Saint Sava day (27th january)
However, in the near future I think our goverments will match each other as well as people do (also depends on which person do people elect as a president)
Well just because they don't talk about it or they don't teach them at school it doesn't mean it did not happen.
Cons :
Also Stephen the tall and Djuradj Brankovic they were pretty important to 15th century Balance history
Serbia didn't choose anything, same way as Germany did not
In Slovene language it's diminutive form of "disfigured", as in ugly.
The only reason why the endings stayed is because feminine nouns can't decline if they don't end with "a"*
Or even better - the exit festival
could stand out better
in serbia we saz Češka (way better then cuechia)
That is the small rectangular shape next to serbia that is touching the sea
I mean they are not doing so badly when you look at the region
Czech and Russian, i'm not sure why, they just sound so pleasing
So eventually they got to it, not like expected but hey...
In Chicago, you can always go to Stroger Hospital (formally cook county hospital) you do not have insurance and they are required to treat you.
First of all, it was very dirty, less impressive than I thought it would be and way too dangerous for me to enjoy my trip there
You should fix it
Of course, Serbs living in the map which shows Serbia at the time continued their statehood traditions with Kotromanić dinasty.
Also Pisa
And, if srpska declaring independence is against bosnia's constitution, bosnia's vote for independence from yugoslavia was also against yugoslavia's constitution.
We're pretty good in growing thieves and assholes here
Serb
What about the people who were already there?
Serbia really has no problems except the Kosovo thing.
Might come in handy next time I'm there
Even when we conquered each other we had respect for the opposing side
Wikipedia is fine
Where's the "e"?
We in Kosovo appreciate this more than what we had to endure during Serbia's control.
I used to romanticize France, learn french, watch french movies and listen to french music
Government of Kosovo overreacted with sending 200 special police officers.
Serbian deputies are unwilling to vote major bills such as demarcation with Montenegro until their association is formed, the government cannot do it withou them because every opposition deputy is against.
Doesn't matter, you are one of us
This gets used extensively in Belgrade
Macedonian albanian are arming themselves.
In yyeeaarrss not a single snow flake
It's a pretty big 4 bedroom house so there's space
Poland had a feudal anarchy for more than 200 years.
If you find yourself asking this kind of question you should move somewhere civilized
You bring up valid points and I agree with majority of them, especially painting party voters part.
it is drinkable in prishtina but it tastes very hard
also to be more precise - hvala is just thanks it can be used in most situations.
The Chetniks massacred thousands of Bosniaks particularly in Sandžak, the Partisans interned the German minority in Vojvodina in concentration camps before sending them all to Germany similarly to what happened in Czechia
Dont know how you can trust someone who wants war in your country, so he can profit.
Romanians sure have a blast when visiting Pula, Croatia
I think the Serbian adaptation of the cartoon is absolutely spot on in all regards
You guys also made it easier to learn Serbian, since they stole a lot of words from German.
'At one point someone is going to say that they have to take their parrot out for a walk
My house has been robbed by them twice and my hatred is becoming stronger towards them.
Ehh, its not [bad] (shorter version), but i prefer this [one] over it
Better electricity and I think phones
With enough time it all boils town to military prowess and magnitude of deeds.
I live in Australia and literally every house has at least 2 barbeques
As far as I know, the network of alliances and pacts between the states of Europe was not fully known to each other.
Not really both women and homosexuals have faced historical oppression and that oppression doesn't just stop because of change in the laws.
During these centuries many Muslim refugees, called Muhacir, settled in Turkey.
He should change "Serbian victims" to Yugoslavs.
Nothing spectacular came from it though, next emperor (his son) was also the last
I know some patriots and literature fans who use Cyrillic online and I know some people who use exclusively Latin but for the most part people use Cyrillic when writing and Latin when typing
1 dinar: literally nothing
i've been online since i can remember, but now the anglosphere is becoming very difficult for me, especially the us part
I love pihtije/hladetina
Really
And that only has accelerated lately.
I'm in France for several months and even in Savoie they thank the driver more often than not
Well that's where it came from.
Does anybody give a fuck about Serbia besides Serbia?
Germany should first investigate these people to make sure they are not gulenists before granting them asylum.
The US military was somewhere around the size of Romania's military, but we'll be damned if WWI didn't help them get a foot in the door of the big boy room.
There are so many criminals to clean out of the Balkans
LOL koji kralj taj lik hahah
In Serbia he's viewed positively as he's known to have given support to us during our revolution against the Ottomans
(Edit: koliko znam, takve nastavke imaju samo Srbi iz Vojvodine
Finally a map of Europe I actually wanted to see
\> the religious immigrants assert their actual tangible moral authority
And how big is the Albanian navy even?
I wish Germany became aggressive with Federal EU plans and started campaigning their ideas around Europe
I've seen worse too, like what's currently going on in Russia, particularly around Dugin.
A lot of friendships were forcefully broken up that day
Although its one redeeming factor (that I noticed at least) is a cool nerdy shop in front of the train station where I bought a Jango Fett action figure
And befor you say, no, there is no continuity between Nemanjić dynasty and modern ones
Serbia isn't joining anything until they stop being a Russian doormat.
Wow, I actually understood most of it
If*cked your mother for this
And because all of that being a patriot in Croatia=ustasha, at least Serbs look at it that way..
Guess that's because of the Bosnian War?
Random would be nasumično/насумично/ nasumichno
Absolutely
Oh yeah, essays in Serbian
There are numerous reasons why this is a very bad idea.
In fact, all those countries have embassies in Serbia and diplomatic relationships.
Looks like a painting
You do know that Serbian Despotate was conquered only in 1459 right
Sorry, my mistake, I didn't translate it well but I was thinking of kingdom of Hungary
girls doing embroidery
They manage to master consonants to some level, but the vowels are the problem I think
Jebem li ti sunce žarko
I mean yes, what else would 2 elderly woman talk about?
If you think Russia would want a solution to the Kosovo conflict you are mistaken.
Too bad for Latin America, I guess they didn't deserve any better.
I remember watching a documentary on rape in South Africa and I think the statistic was that roughly 50% of women are raped in their lifetime
You fire 2 rockets and get 35 years, or you can genocide quater of a milion people and get released.
because that would imply somebody else is doing bad things to them
Of course "Sestričina" or "Bratičina" if they are their daughters
Plus Wilhelm II gave AH a carte blanche, meaning he let them to start war with Serbia.
Also Croatia is Southeast Europe
Even if all those people and their descendants were around today, there would still be a huge majority.
Have a good day, mate
Also ITT: people thinking that downvote button is disagree button
We consider Lidl good, but that's because of the prices, not quality, for that we go to the local markets
If they ever wanted to have snowy Kings Landing nows the chance
i (and), o (about), u (in), s (with)
Why lol
The day that he got ousted was a great day for the region.
The southern city states didn't really consider them Greeks, but they did that mostly out of arrogance.
But I agree with you that the corruption is probably the worst thing here, the whole leading party is just disgusting and I can't wait for the upcoming elections to get rid of them hopefully.
There is Wallachian language spoken by people in Eastern Serbia and it's similar to Romanian
I mean, there's good and bad apples everywhere, in every shape, way or form, sure, but even jokingly branding an entire nation of people, just looking to work abroad and make their own lives easier something negative and looking down on them by sheer default of being is really pushing my buttons quite hard
Aerial view of Manasija, a 15th-century fortress-monastery located near Despotovac, Serbia
We have Matica srpska originally founded in Hungary (outside of Serbia) but it's now located in Novi Sad (the 2nd biggest city in Serbia)
As someone has already recommended, just make as much noise as you can on social media, maybe contact some news agencies or popular social media figures, youtubers and such.
Yea look at the first thing i wrote
Easy to say, but any move against the corrupt government is "a move against democracy" and will come under scrutiny unless the government does something insanely stupid like the one in Romania did.
just a guess but isn't the primary religion in Serbia the serbian orthodox church?
It took the Serbian army only 18 days to breach the Thessaloniki front in 1918
What country is the one north of Serbia?
and a few others lol
But it's okay if he actually had something to say, he just says stuff thats bait, or asks baity questions.
I love it i was everywhere:budva,herceg novi,tivat,ulcinj
\[1\] Retaliation for attitudes held toward [Christians within the Ottoman state] was also used as a motive
That's the only explanation I can think of.
We have never been a proper democracy
Yeah about that pan-slavic country idea
The first one is outside and can be climbed on, and children like playing on it
That's why I think we have a continuum, we as a people have just formed various states throughout history
When groom come to take bride (from her house) he need first to shoot of apple with gun (usuly apple its on tall tree or house)
Usually Russia
Actually, it works the other way around.
Serbia is basically Russia without nukes lol.
Someone's got to keep Serbia in Czech.
We use quite a bit of these aswell
Cause Serbia has good relations with all of its neighbours
>We profited off helping the NATO campaign in Serbia for a fast track to the EU and NATO, supported by the British
Russian votes in the UN align with Serbian interests as well, for example on Kosovo.
I'd say my country (Slovenia) is a nice mix of both approaches, but I'd be hard pressed to single one country out.
It's definetely the most tragic event for the Ukrainian people.
I don't feel like getting banned from another sub today
If not for agree/disagree, i have seen a lot of people commenting what you did, but nobody offers the explanation of *what* they are for, just what they are not for.
For both Cyrillic and Latin
If that demonstration in front of the embassy is attack he organised, than he didn't know to organise one, because other than cosmetic damage to embassy, there was nothing else
Well since Albania and Kosovo are basically Ottoman, and ISIS breeding grounds, guess Serbia is next 😕
Also, disputedly, Petrocić-Njegoš dynasty
Numismatistical, ventriliquistish, Ghastists
Unlike these three, Croatia generally isn't seen as a brother country
Kosovo isn't even recognized by the EU as a whole, 5 countries still recognize Kosovo as part of Serbia.
We call The Netherlands Holandija (which means Holland literally) and UK Engleska (England literally)
It used to be called the same in serbia too, i think, but just like how most of the languages started using latin names so did we.
Or you know, your opinion isn't the only legitimate one and other opinions than your own can be nested in other people's minds.
And the Queen consort was the Hungarian countess **Géraldine Margit Virginia Olga Mária Apponyi de Nagy-Appony** (6 August 1915, Budapest, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary – 22 October 2002, Tirana, Republic of Albania)
I never even mentioned Romania I was just taking about gypsies
Mustve been changed recently then.
Since Trump has been elected, more than usual
That contradicts your earlier statement.
Have lived here for 10 years although I lived in Russia for 3 and Austria for 2 earlier
We like you, and not just because you're pumping money over here :D
Like, would someone called Đorđe be requiered to change his name spelling to Ďorďe upon naturalization
I miss biking, and yearn for better public transport planning
Jaffa cream is where is at
When the Nemanjic dynasty was in charge
What are all the Dutch doing in Serbia?
Serbia's priority was always pro-Yugoslavia, something that bit us in the ass in the end.
It is foolish to say that Germany is an "unwilling victim" of Wahhabi terrorism and cannot be blamed for anything, as German Air Force took an active role in bombing of Yugoslavia in order to pressure Milošević to withdraw from Kosovo.
There are a ton of examples of covers of Greek and Serbians songs with the same melody, but with Bulgarian lyrics.
Head, shoulders, stomach, knees
It's popping")
The guy fucking hates Serbia for some reason, just ignore him.
They were the remnants of Milosevic criminal regime.
the us would kick baltic countries out before turkey so there's no discussion here really
Well, it still exists, unlike some i can name, we don't need to make stuff up to be relevant.
Studying aviation
I read tomatoes instead of tornadoes and was soo confused
It's a double edged sword though
I don't know about stuff like Saitama and Chiba, it's all Tokyo to me
Yeah, unfortunately I never visited Bucharest, but I imagine the two are very similar
It's actually common to invite a person once when you first meet them because they can't know when is your Slava
For some reason, I found it hard to believe it's an actual word
Yeah basically, I figured it's not a staple in the north anyways
Trst je naš (joke)
My first normal computer was in like 2009 and my family uses it to this day :P
If you're a man going out with woman, never ask to split the bill, it's expected that you pay, not just on a first date
I think this is changing with films like Montevideo coming out and the current President Aleksandar Vučić trying to whitewash the fascist leaning Prime Minister Milan Stojadinović.
I really fail to see how you got that from anything that I said.
It's just another metropolitan city
In fact this would work very well for solving most of the disputes in the world.
I’m an early riser, but with this summer time schedule, I feel like the day is passing more quickly and I never have enough time
We here haven't closed anything
all of civilisation started and migrated out of Africa.
EUROPE, WAKE UP
Looks like a painting
I never knew what it means or heard someone use ćuprija
I have another one, would you like Greenland to be independent
Basically for here in Serbia its:
The_Donald was created because basically every single subreddit became a safespace for Hillary.
6 working 20+ year old airplanes that need to be refitted.
Doesn't Russia have their own version of reddit though
We're not in the EU, and it doesn't bother us one bit.
Stay away from da voodoo mon
We also have Vampires in eastern Serbia
While everything US does is great, good, sometimes ugly or bad-but never evil.
Unlikely that they fix it any time soon.
You left out some important details, like that chocolates were given on the aniversary of Serbia's attack on Dubrovnik and that croatian president is sponsoring a campaign "Buy croatian [products]" ("Kupujmo hrvatsko") and when later asked why did she gave serbian chocolate to children she said she was not aware of it and that she always promotes croatian products (as a president should, duh) and that mistake like this will not happen again.
So the SMS Leitha will not be the only remaining Austro-Hungarian warship.
It's actually more important
Kids would go door to door and sing a song or a poem and then people would give them candy for it
Yep
Serbia opens two more chapters in EU accession talks
That we are racists
Serbians, Bosnians, Croatians, and Montenegrins can all understand each other with no problem.
when Lindemann sings, I suddenly start thinking German is the best language in the world hahaha
Niš - a bit poorer than BG and NS, historically important for both Serbia and the Byzantine Empire
But the same thing was done by Kosovo and you guys acknowledge it as a sovereign state.
Russia offers Serbia warplanes as Balkan state looks east
This is why I said Serbian-Speaking-Serbian-Orthodox.
I think my Czech improved after that
But you implied we teach kids the concept of Greater Serbia, a concept i did not know about until i got into last year of highschool, and from you guessed it, reddit.
Spreman ili ne, dolazim
It can be Southern Europe as well, but very few think of Serbia as Southern Europe as it shares a lot more culture with Eastern Europe, unlike Estonia, if compared to Northern Europe.
Even devout muslims in Europe drink a lot
I was actually surprised that the history of OP of the other submission doesn't look Serbian at all.
On route, if going by car/bus/train you can stop in Vienna, Novi Sad, Zlatibor mountin, Sarajevo, Reggio Calabria
here you can do it for any reason i think
I am not sure how many foreigners come to our mountains Kopaonik and Zlatibor but they're very famous tourist spots among Serbs
And when it gets dirty you dont see it.
Jankovic and Jeremic have the votes from the educated, the people who are tired of the current regime, the young people, and the intelligentsia.
You confuse what we see as fearmongering and scapegoating as love for Putin.
If someonr invites me to come over at 8pm they get unpleasantly surprised if I come before 8:30 and are like "dude
Italy
You feel much closer to them when you are surrounded by complete foreigners.
I think Cyrillic is in great danger now, and in my opinion we should write on the most beautiful alphabet more
What do you think of the spelling on[this instagram page] ? Are younger generations starting to spell simpler
Serbia and Greece set up high council; Athens firm on Kosovo
We can rephrase it as "a majority of Serbians do not wish"
still it won't because they'll choose whichever is the best for them and i don't think portugal is.
and unfortunately, probably some turbo-folk shit like this [trash] the '90s.
You are free to join us, but you must know that we call you Holland here.
It was a pretty city but what I saw and experienced was far from what I've seen in the movies and various photos and posts
Nigga I own the 2003 model, it's tight.
Uh, absolutely none of things ppl mentioned exist here.
Knowing English is a norm
The pay is really good too
Guess because our healthcare and social programs are going to shit
Considering that the MiG 29 is a pain in the ass to maintain, this might just be Belarus dumping the hot potatoes to Serbia.
On = He
The little prince graffiti (x-post /r/serbia)
This test was online and people had to sign up for it, so I think it was mostly done by young people who were confident enough of their English skills to take the test.
That mistake has many names, just like the devil: State SHS, Kingdom SHS, Kingdom of Yugoslavia, FNRY, SFRY
According to [Wikipedia] the population changed like this:
Only difference between ijekavian Serbian and ekavian Serbian is this little IJE "addon".
[Here's] the original
Well the problem is it's too late to take it back now, Kosovo got it's independence for better or for worse.
People in this comment section expect this singular picture to capture every details of a wedding
The comments under these are not really laid-back.
BALKANS
Austro-Ugarska
The French one was about a city(maybe region) of an area of France
Umm here come the Balkans
US Gov't Officials inquire about "Polish Invasion of Belarus"
Mine is Russian
Of course it doesn't look better than Romania.
Kenjara (shitter) as well
Can you recommend some
a ima i u big pici par interesantnih stvari
When ot melts, it drains DOWN
That we smoke alot, i think that we are the country with the most smokers in Europe
Црна Гора/Crna Gora (cyrillic text could be interesting to the cyrillic using /r/europe visitors).
Agressive rethoric is still not a threat.
Wait until you hear the salaries of the Spanish SECOND league minimum salary - 77
Spain bro calm down
It is a widest point of Danube river.
SpongeBob is probably the only piece of media ever where I prefer the dub to original
If they don’t want to ask Russia
8% mostly literate, 51% unliterate
If you are a guest, the host has to constantly cater to you and watch over you when you eat, to either ask you if everything's good or if you need any more food or drink
We can also be friendly with neighbors too as long as their aren't dicks about it.
Can you please write it in English.
This meaning of nationality is not defined by political borders or passport ownership and includes nations that lack an independent state (such as the Scots, Welsh, English, Basques, Kurds, Kabyles, Tamils, Hmong, Inuit, Māori and Sikhs).
There's a difference between a child waving a Catalonia flag, and an independent Catalonia flag.
But as you said despite that the city felt like a dream
Nothing strange about most of these names are common except a few like Zavida, Prosigoj that stand out a bit
So the word could have long rising accent (gláva), long falling (sûnce), short rising (vòda), or short falling (pesma), plus just long accent that only occurs after the base 4 accents (jùnāk)
Cases are doubleing every day,but our government doesn't seem to give a shit
Bosnia and Herzegovina - This is the one I'm most worried about
There were also reprisals against Serbian citizens because of their partisan guerrilla warfare, and many others died fleeing the country.
Yea same for me,but we learned more about atrocities committed by nazis and ustase
Test is done on a computer and there is 41 question, you got to have above 85 percent to pass, I had 93.
S nase tacke gledista jeste, jer smo navikli na nesto drugo
You just spent WW1 selling explosives and cocaine to both side
Working hours were 6-16 and there were no state control neither labor inspection
Someone picked my pocket for the equivalent of 5 cents one time
that one is pretty bad
We had a lot of historical beef, but now we are good
as Hungarian born and raised in Serbia and currently living in Sweden where I move to be with a Pakistani guy, the answers is unequivocally: NO.
You can't that's the problem, I'll get you a stoole to stand on tho
Same with fruštuk, we know it means breakfast, but no one really uses it
We're taught the same as everyone, his military prowess, strategic expertise, worldchanging achievements and eventual blunder.
There's a whole culture of making and drinking coffee in the morning and ESPECIALLY when you have guests...
Why would Serbia sanction Russia and hurt its own already weak economy at this point?
But central AC is rare, only newer bussines buildings have it, you can see window units everywhere
It is a boring and some questions are quite hard to memorise (some just needed to be memorised by heart, like length of bus needed to have lights on top) yet nessecary part.
Aljoša is a name in Serbian though for instance
Why do you guys have so many accent marks?
It's not
I know Croatian, Bosnian, Serbian and English.
That would be 12 years of my history education in one longer reddit comment
Yea same for me,but we learned more about atrocities committed by nazis and ustase
We managed to free ourselves from the Ottomans
You've had such a hard time in WWII and after that with the soviets yet still you've manged to build great economy and some really cool skyscrapers
And of course, people are even more fundamentalist and fanatical in regards to religion." - What makes you think people voted for this government because they are fanatical religious extremists?
The card gets blocked in certain places, i.e.
Serbia is never changing, stone hard country...
Dont ask
I just happen to know that Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian, Montenegrin...
It's naive to think that we can simply stop wars and hate.
Oh that's really interesting
Same, it's important to stay in groups in Florence so they bother you less
For the black people the thing is very different and they are not the same as them.
1919/1940-Yugo 1
[Serbian version
By far the green ones
4 dollars per liter so not so good
At that time, we were allied with the Russians in our fight against the Ottomans in the First Serbian Uprising
I think it's the trumpet which I hate the sound of
As long as we understand each other it's no problem
I've never even seen Croat nationalists say that, can you please elaborate?
"Why are you pretending to be English
Thank you, France, for your help in liberating and feeding our people during WWI
The amount of money depends on the program, the country of origin and the age of the children.
A minimum wage intern that steals Germanys money when no one is looking
I just pointed out that thanks to the stupidity of the Croatian Ministry of Defence (I assume they are responsible for this stunt), the Russian government can now fan the nationalist sentiments of neighbouring Serbia.
No one made them sell out their company to shitty shareholders
Of course it varies, there isn't a single country where all people take them off or don't. I also had no idea this was asked here before
They are actually really friendly towards Serbs probably because we speak very similar language
Become **a bush** that way you aren't a stingy annoying tourist, you are something new, something weird
That and mumble rap/trap or whatever it's called
Аустро-Угарска
Will it taste the same if I tell you its owned by Serbian Nectar?
I never thought about even if it is actually pretty obvious.
I think people who like Berlin might not like Potsdam
I know, I'm saying I knew what it meant before reading this text
What kind of idea is that
Risk, Monopoly
I don't have pro Russian views, I support sanctions against Russia that are related to Crimea but stop portraying the Kremlin as some kind of evil mustache-twirling scheming villain.
Yeah he simplified the writing so the people can learn to read more easily
I imagine the opposite to be the case near Serbian border (or generally in areas where Serbs are a majority/which are considered ethnically Serbian).
Are there any grants available for an eu citizen (uk) wanting to learn Serbian in belgrade?
Putting Estonia and Lithuania in the same bracket with Slovenia is super weird
I wouldn't be annoyed if Americans visit us, as long as they are hospitable and don't go "MURICA IS BEST WE LIBERATED YOU IN 1999".
those are the cheapest ones lol
Two terrorists attacks in one day.
Yea, I think Serbia would be a good starting place.
Seems more like Norwegian and Swedish to me, they are separate languages because they are separate countries, even though the mutual intelligibility can be pretty high.
I don't see how you can do that when there are tons of Serbian forces fucking around your country
Seems like Serbia might get its shit together.
Afterwards they were conquered.
Baka Prase’s endtrack on Voyage
Serbs in Bosnia didn't want to leave Yugoslavia.
My opinion of sweden is almost entirely based on rural Jamtland though.
Not saying what happend was right,but, terrorists cant roam free.
I like the no nonsense attitude of swedish people there and I find once you get a social connection it's really easy to just roll with it and meet more people.
We say Češka and it sounds ok, but in english it’s terrible
The teacher had never found it amusing
However, I'd have everything start an hour earlier (fuck it maybe 2h) thus in effect having summer time as well
Yes, it's quite insane, the amounts.
Greece for sure
We wear a badge on a black-green ribbon around 11th November
Have you ever seen the discussions under a Balkan related post?
I guess all I heard on TV was the standard.
The rebel that in cooperation with nazis killed 100 000 muslims in eastern Bosnia and 50 000 croats.
In Serbia people hate Biden like the devil
As and American, I walked around a lot by myself in Mladenovac and talked with as many people as possible.
And many,many more retarded things I've heard about my country
So in this case, its best to listen to EE diplomats of countries who have good relations with Serbia about how to approach this problem.
Za je za zabavni žur
you should really stop replying, you're embarrassing yourself
We are taught in schools to hate each other and think the other side is the agressor, which is not true
I opened the post to write the same comment when i saw yours
Italy minds it's own business most of the time and so should Serbia.
They're not there to impress guys or meet them.
BiH is a potential powder keg but that is another story for another day.
Ketchup & sour cream
What
This happened ten years ago, but that was a good cauldron
Architecture mostly, culture, order, mentality.
Here masters". Also I suppose she first meant to say мы независимы (which means we are independent in Russian) but then corrected herself and switched to the Belarusian word for independent
Happy independence day, our basketball archenemies
12% of popular support, or something?
It's literally in the text you copied and pasted, did you even bother reading it?
Well there are three countries that share a similar language to ours, many says those are the dialects of the same language
I can't explain why though, it's just the way they sound.
His approval rate is average, and those who dont approve of him wouldnt go that far to assassinate him.
Låt oss krossa dom
Serbia is better at Basketball and Waterpolo (but just barely) and we are better at Football (tbh the only one that matters) and handball.
Na Wiktionary imaš stranicu Razlikovni rječnik hrvatskog jezika i srpskog jezika na kojoj su napisane samo neke riječi koje se razlikuju.
Macedonians are protesting it because Zaev, in his bid for power made a deal with the devil, he agreed to the Tirana platform so he can form a majority even tho the ruling party got the popular vote (note,Tirana platform because Albanian parties in FYROM are openly controlled by Edi Rama of Albania) the platform requires many controversial things ljke: suing Serbia and Montenegro for Genocide, changing the Symbol,Anthem and Flag of the country, and most controversially, making Albanian an equal language to Macedonian.
Medicine; I mean you can pretty much guess why but our medicine faculty is decent and our doctors are capable, even so a lot get offers from the germans and such to come there and work
My bro is doing his masters in this and man the contract he got is
Serbia's history is very similar (in some aspects) to that of Hungary and this created people with a very similar mentality.
This the store for one brand, "Podravka".
It's the most fucked up thing because it was a giant stab in the back against our closest ally organized by a power-hungry delusional centralistic monarchy ran by depraved men
Oh, yes
Croatia, Bosnia, Albania and America
Depends on what ya mean by Supreme court
Nice, these are much better, you should have posted these here on /r/europe.
Idk man, compared to all the cities around it, Duisburg does seem kinda bland and unkempt
I want him to just continue having fun at other candidates' expense.
(Na srpskom: “baNka” i “Nikola” su različiti glasovi za N, banka je nazalno; ali i dalje imamo ono što amer nema)
By closing its borders to Russian troops that can be dislocated in Serbia.
I am sorry but Alexander the Great was Greek, the ancient Macedonians spoke greek and their shared the same culture with the greek city states.
North Pole or South Pole and Gender - Пол, Pol
Facts are hurting that much, do they?
This kind of confuses me, why is UK so attractive to them?
I think the Americans, known as the most gullible nation with most power in the world, are gonna eat this propaganda of Soleimani being a "terrorist" and that will cause a new instability in the region as soon Iranians return the favor of killing a high US representative
They manage to master consonants to some level, but the vowels are the problem I think
That frame where Clinton pats on a shoulder Vučić made me cringe.
So, feelings are conflicted
Plus, please take note that, according to the UN, the Baltic countries are officially Northern European, not Eastern.
Am I more Serbian than Weird Al?
We fight in sports now a days and so far Serbia seems to be winning.
But it's Zoom
Serbs actually wanted Yugoslavia, so you cant just blame them for the collapse.
Inside the EU we do not have the same geopolitical games that Serbia, Georgia, Azerbaijan or Armenia have to play, and it's slowly been getting better.
From Bulgarian songs I prefer [Moma se s roda proshtava] but this one is also great
Digitron for Calculator (Digitron was actually a company that produced calculators in Yugoslavia)
Luckily for me, she never was either, although many wives are.
Obv havent been to Belgrade, theres a bakery like every 100m
So, notion to foreigners landing at Nikola Tesla Airport in Belgrade - call ''car-go'' service that is something like Serbian uber
Alcohol is OBJECTIVELY more dangerous than cigarettes, but hey everyone here likes a sip of beer/wine so yeah
It would at least make the people shut up.
Local Greek magnates like the Bithynian Mihal (Michael) Pasha played leading roles immediately after the foundation of the Emirate by Osman.
It was a joke about how Banat has certain ties with Serbia/ex-Yugoslavia that the rest of the country doesn't have.
Lets hear you then
What's the point of them invading Belarus, Baltic states?
Serbia is a known Russian ally and hosts Russian troops on their national day.
> instead of joining the union that you know would improve your life quality and bring a lot of improvements
Until it is recognized by the UN Kosovo should be Serbian and Crimea should be Ukrainian.
The point is that Kosovo is de facto independent.
Well then maybe they should have thought about it before covering it with all that bullshit.
Though there WERE problems with Bosnian refugees here, probably because of a high relative number to our population and having a lot of migrants from Serbia as well, their culture is stil a lot closer than the middle eastern culture.
The Turkish and the Serbian girl are spot on, not enough sampling from my side to evaluate the rest.
Bulgarians frequently come to the area along the border (Stara Planina, Sokobanja spa, Pirot, Bosilegrad, Dimitrovgrad, Rtanj mountain)
Bulgarians don't hate Serbia for like more than 100 years
They can literally put our capital in rifle range without us being able to protest because it's part of Serbia.
We love you
(I think some Americans do actually think that Eastern Europe is like that)
Trust me, saying "Kosovo is Serbia" and celebrating a Republica Srpska day is the most anti-balkan thing you can do.
After the last month elections, Serbia is one of two countries in Europe with no opposition in the parliament
Or maybe they're allowed to do that because of intel.
Interests beat ideals, unfortunately
I'm not sure why but all annoying kids are named Siniša.
Early in the morning everyone goes to church
1945/2006Yugo 2
Eh, if they would be a normal state with alright people in power that would be possible.
We use the Digitron brand name instead of the word calculator, because it has become the most famous company that produced calculators in Yugoslavia
Ali baba and the 40 thieves just got a whole new meaning.
Just like Croatia is West Serbia
If an Italian came here and saw what we add on pizzas,he/she would commit suicide
Roki Vulovic
Yeah, I see a lot of that now here in kids who are maybe 16-20 years old, and I hope the young young kids somehow avoid the generation of shit and idiocy
The Serbian government didn't know about it.
At least for the period of time needed to exit the recession?
Huawei and Xiaomi I agree with, but Lenovo churns out some really cheap shit.
Thank you, I'll bring you some homemade rakija.
Btw this is what Trump said at the time:
I'd say people admire Dušan the Mighty's kingdom the most as he created [Dušan's Code] with some pretty advanced law institutes, also he conquered many Byzantine cities and created autonomous Orthodox patriarchate so he could proclaim himself tsar
especially if you're pointing at a person
Oh common, Bratislava is the cosiest city ever
Or an American who lived/lives in Serbia and/or Italy
Not everyone, AFAIK Serbia and Romania have had good relations for many decades.
North of Europe doesn't  have AC, we on south started having them 20 years ago
that only comes every day for 10 minutes to give her injections.
Only one
then why do you ask why people like russian culture?
That is worse than Serbia are you sure that this is the average salary in Romania
They are pro-EU in the name only.
Serbia's Vucic: West Balkans Need Clear EU Message
When i made the comment, the thread was 50% upvoted, afaik that means 50% of people downvoted it.
"Ko se nije sakrio, magarac je bio" - The one that didn't hide is a donkey
From neutral perspective, Austrians feel much more hot headed and much more proud about their nation, heritage history etc
I hoped something like this would happen over here in Serbia when we had our protests
We mostly use the same names but spell them differently
Only ever met him
well that's more understandable
It's good that our whole country was bombed including hospitals, marketplaces, suburbs and even primary schools with inhumane cluster bombs
People in Belgrade and rest of towns didnt play part and did not support it, hell high % didnt even know
Germany has a very small number of skyscrapers considering the country's size, yet its economy is the best in europe and one of the best in the world
Actually reading history makes you more nationalistic and pushes you to the right.You start taking pride in the good things that have happened to your country and start thinking what if the bad things haven't happened.I'll give you an example with my country,someone who has a degree in history and has studied the Second Balkan and WW1, will be prejudiced against Serbs and some people will be outright hostile.While a lot of the dumb people that got pushed to finishing highschool and haven't read a book in 3 and the only thing they know about Serbs is chalga(pop-folk invented in Serbia,the most popular music for dumb people in Bulgaria) will outright love them.Hell a lot of the people claiming Trump will start ww3 didn't have an idea what is a No Fly Zone and that it would 100% force the USA in a war with Russia if enforced.
The probably range from 7€-40€. Normal wage is around 400€-500€.
Really good people besides Greeks our only true friends, interesting fact they are only country that we border that we've never been to war with
Danish decision bodes well for Serbia
Rich has nothing to do with it
I also suspect it will be downvoted by plenty of Serbs, but what can you do.
It’s not that hard believe me, it’s easier than fucking english
Mala Subotica
Congratulations are in order
What remains of modern Croatia is ceded to the Italy along with Slovenia, which could probably be divided between Italy and Austria
CNN is feeding you fake news
So, while nobody discriminates me, I feel caught in the middle in a sorta *"neither here, nor there"* situation - on a personal note, also not helped by the fact that I have a half sibling from a parent's previous marriage (to a Serbian) who has a Serbian name and surname and identifies as such despite of his mixed parentage, who really isn't the closest with us and mainly hangs out with other Serbians and while I respect his choice, it also makes me feel even more internally alienated and adds to the weight of the impression that something I can't quite point my finger at is amiss in this whole story
It's not because of that, those Serbs were always there, but Tito didn't give a shit about ethnic compositions when he was drawing the borders of Yugoslav republics, which is what we have today
There is such thing as context.
After Serbia starts putting these people in jail for fraudulent claims, they might stop coming to steal from us.
For me, "rural" comes to mind first.
Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me
the villains layer:
So why you didn't declared independence then
I got used to ait ais est e, etc
Well the vibe is *completely* different
I think that is just a human way
lol i had no idea about the bulgarian part.
If by chance we'd join the Union and benefits from that would start to show, I think people would be more appreciative of the EU and less Russian oriented but I still believe Serbs will always support Russians as a people
Then, as if that's not enough, then they declare that my wife is Jewish or Serbian.
It's also the reason why I pick up smoking again whenever I go visit my family
Austria be like: Am I a joke to you
I saw that
Montenegrins love Serbs, half of fucking Montenegro lives in damn Belgrade, Slovenians don't hate and don't love Serbians, they're just about the business, Greeks and Macedonians love Serbs,Hungarians and Bulgarians are so-so, Romanians and Serbians have always had a positive opinion of one another.
only 1
Bridal Wreath:
Serbia and Montenegro
Is Serbia a dictatorship or do people chose their representatives?
Not sure if the UK people care much now that we are leaving, but I suspect a majority of people in other EU countries are probably against a Serbian accession.
But real untranslatable things are our curse words
Unfortunately I don't have Hungarian or Croatian ancestry, so I'm stuck here with idiots who keep voting for Vučić.
Aha, the Balkan wars of the 90s where about Serbia protecting itself from terrorist threats?
Seselj burn down Croatian flag in front of TV and hundreds of people.
Kind of scared
Stop trying to paint your own fringe opinion as reality, it's making you look like a schizophrenic.
When it comes to Polish, Slovak, Czech and Russian, I can understand certain words and simple phrases but I wouldn't be able to converse
I'd definitely Google them but wouldn't bring it up if it wasn't worrying
At least until we meet each other in Germany as gastarbeiter
Well, it isn't another country to begin with.
This reminds me of that train Serbia wanted to send to Kosovo, except, you know, the other way round.
They count us as friends yet
Brate - Tebra
Why should we support the wishes of kosovars but not the crimeans?
How does the average Albanian see the time where he lead the country
Another fun fact is that the average income you see here is way higher, so in Serbia it's actually somewhere around 300€. It's similar in other countries next to us, most people earn around a 100€ less than this
visibaba - hanging old lady (snowdrop)
Bosnia
So hey, maybe the Serbian government should have stopped when they got a warning from NATO?
The biggest one currently is about Marijuana plantation that was under the protection of current government official
However if some countries would like to change a color of their flag, I'd consider another Slavic Congress to discuss some other way to represent symbolism of Slavic roots (tho I don't think it's ever going to happen)
I did not really like our Epic Poetry when i was younger but only recently i realized how beautiful, poetic and badass it is
bonus points if its your own dog
In Belgrade we had snow for a day but it melted instantly when touching the ground
Serbia also buy [european armament]
I really like the look of Transylvania/more mountainous forests/cool medieval towns and villages.
Big countries are above the law
I still have hope everything will go well.
Lmao everything is in English
Genesis rising: the universal crusade
We learn about NDH and how thay commited genocide,and we learn that yugoslavia was also in civil war between ustase chetniks and partizans
• [The Name of Mary Church] not impressive per say but it's my favourite church in my city and I'm always in awe of it
Guess it's time to post this again:
Same rAlt as switch for spetial characters
The EU considers that garbage renewable yet it releases more carbon emissions than coal, and somehow hydroelectric power isn't renewable?
So yeah, you got thugs and lowlives in about any country imaginable, and to claim that Serbia is somehow special in this regard is just plain ignorance.
Pikachu surprised face
And some people will even sell their vote for some cash.
If Serbia were to recognize Kosovo as independent, unlikely I know, wouldn't there be very little to stop a merger of Albania and Kosovo?
I understand fuck all of pure Ukrainian.
Austria
It's not decades away, it just stands no chance at all in this current form.
Capitals, however, are different story
I live in Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, first established over 2000 years ago.
In our tales Vuk Branković betray Kneza(idk translation of Knez) Lazara but he did not betray him
There’s a (disputed) region that’s the subject of more than enough political memes that comes to mind
World War 1 is, contrary to Western European states, also seen as just and glorious
The same thing as Serbian,but with 10-30 different words and same letters
Our best neighbours, orthodox brothers
Here you go mate
West Bulgaria
And Vucic completelly removed Russian news services from Serbia yet the relations are still good
I have a Serbian friend who is very nationalistic and a huge fan of panslavism and keeps acting all like "yes we are both slavs we're the best" and stuff, I generally don't give a damn.
Oh god noo this is some article joke I'm to slavic to understand
Well it doesn't have any rules
Actually, it is even better to be 15 minutes late so you don't create pressure on others to be on time
An older gent thanked Putin for what they've done for lil Serbians.
I wouldn't like to see us invest any further into biomass, as I would assume it will probably lose this "renewable" status eventually, and honestly we don't need more pollution...
Trust me, if there was a war involving Serbia, the public opinion would massively shift like everywhere.
What about Mist
Citizens of Serbia are Serbians, whether or not they're **Serbs** (nationality).
This is the easiest way to describe it, I don't know if you'll understand completely, but I hope you get it
So it's shit
Video was fabricated of serbians killing albanians which a finland forensics said they were fake
In no geographical way is Poland in the east
Whatever makes you feel special kiddo
If you're still with that guy, and he ever asks if you have something sweet (to eat), say: "Evo, ja sam slatka". That's a classic comeback for that situation, means "Here, I'm cute
Likewise another one got a contract in his 3rd year by Nvidia
I was refering to the scenario if there was a war in Kosovo they would send people in
I think rabbit is common if you have a hunter in your family
I have heard that they are heavily pro-Russian but I genuinely never read nor watched anything they post.
Nowadays, you go to nearby shop and just buy a piece of it
nisi čuo za picu za goveđom salatom?
Didn't Serbian cavalry march in Split and Zagreb
For example a professor is being ostracized for refusing to use 'gender neutral pronouns'.
I find him really charismatic, and i love his voice, but i understand he's somehow controversial
You bastards and your blasted shipyards gave us this carrier, it's your revenge for what we have done to you...
i also realized it is kinda cool later in life that I can switch alphabets with no effort
If money is the only priority, then whoring yourself out is an option.
By the same standards you want NATO troops in Syria, Yemen, Libya and a lot of other places?
I'd say Bendegúz. Also sounds kinda funny
The winner gets to decide which is which.
Her career and public image exploded after that
The courts still can countrol the president
Even bigger disgrace is military action that was taken by UN.
Are you afraid people might treat you differently or something else
I wanted to exclude brackets but i was afraid it is to much
), because of school days,  and words tend to be absolutely random mix of American and British ones (sometimes i say sidewalk and sometimes pavement, apartment or flat, elevator or lift
Nobody uses that
Everything is done in person, and it must be signed
From necklaces to bracelets, the bride has an array of lovely details to choose from for her bridal beauty
Besides my city, there's Gamzigrad and other places intended for preserving these ruins
They along with Poland and Slovakia had ["Kosovo is Serbia" protests] though.
It's great to see that countries still want to join the eu.
A policeman is required to go through 1-year training, after which they usually get a job in their local prefecture.
Hitler
Because this is the spot where the airport shuttle drops you off, it is also the first view of Edinbruh I witnessed
Those damn sedliaci are ruining Bratislava
He was returning home from really bad day at eork, and decided to stop and get something to eat
yea i've read it, but i don't understand what that subreddit has to do with anything, and what is that deal about top thread?
On the contrary, the USA interference made Serbian merceneries even more psychopatic and the albanian mercenaries even more encoured by the support to continue the rape/killing.
(being a Serbian myself has nothing to do with it)
I think this "status qvo" will remain for a while simply because both of the sides won't give up on the land
It's kinda easy to visit a lot of countries in a short amount of time, especially by car but because everything is kinda close, I never had a chance to travel by plane
Why are you bringing Srebrenica up now
And, to play the other side, there was a ethno-centric branch in the hungarian revolution that minimalized other nationalities and put them in conflict with Serbian Vojvodina.
In the last couple of years bakeries becomes desperate, so we have now burek with kulen, burek with eurokrem, burek with apples and cinamon
then you'd need to change estonian topography too.
Here's the occupation talk
When i was like 10 yo, i was convinced Portugal and The Netherlands are neighbor countries, and I absolutely have no idea why I thought that
Just my 2 cents
Israel doesn't recognize independence of Kosovo because the reasons that you would recognize Kosovo independence mean you should also recognize Palestine independence.
here we have to take a first aid course, then we have 40 classes of theory about various traffic related shit, then we have to pass the theory test with at least 90%, afterwards we have 20 hours of practical driving classes with your instructor and then you have to pass the driving test in front of your instructor and a police officer with almost no mistakes.
Explain, please
You have only remember some important differences.
Greeks
Sorry, but how the fuck is Moscow on par with Morocco
I am not even personally so convinced that recognizing Kosovo was a great idea, but judging by Bosnia, a dysfunctional state is not much better.
Okay maybe I put a lot of effort on my claim but I'm sure that a big reason that the Serbia-Croatia relations were always bad is because religion
But yes, they mostly swerve in alt-right direction.
Idk how is it more accurate as our "kebab removal" wasnt fueled by islamophobia.
Montenegro, Macedonia, Serbia, Albania.
Well, you have to admit that calling countries in this day and age actual fascists, immediately reminds one of Russia.
Siniša: little son
It's not first choice even for poor and non-discerning students.
We don't really smile much (unless there's a good reason for it)
Don't even get me started on the immunity his people have (a son of his main propaganda guy literally killed a girl with his car and ran away and got a couple months of HOUSE ARREST), the corruption, fixed public tenders, the policies, the way he spends public money, the constant blatant lies, the non existent freedom of press (currently our only free tv network is N1, an affiliate of CNN they can't control)
Well then stop reading tabloids.
Thanks for the insight
They should return old theme to /r/Croatia.
hahah same, we call it kids champagne, though we also have it sold regularly
My friend is all, but nationalist.
Started when I was about 5 in kindergarten, started speaking it "fluently" when I was 13, thanks to some kids from UK I was hanging out with
This goes for Belgrade too
I mean really didn't expect this kind of disrespect from a fellow kebab removing state :(
And Bulgaria just elected an alleged pro-russian president and refused Romania's proposal of a NATO Black Sea task force.
I woke up at 11 AM as an European and still don't understand what the fuck is going on
Serbians had no right to say anything on the matter and UN Security Council that should be the ultimate judge in such situations, was as usual rendered worthless by petty selfishness of its members.
Hungarian wikipedia calls him Croatian-Serbian-American
Do we get in EU
We have one about defense minister's dad selling weapons on black market or the one about president being tapped
The former Croatia international, who helped fund a 2016 film alleging that the Croatian holocaust was exaggerated, was banned for 10 games in 2013 after engaging in nationalistic chanting after a World-Cup playoff game against Iceland
I am honestly, unsarcasticaly surprised.
That would really just be to your own benefit.
Also write ["Kosovo is Serbia"] for Kosovo
Do i need to answer that
That actually sounds very much like something out of LotR, did the ruler of Konigsberg ever wear the title King under the mountain?
Ireland and Kosovo are different.
In Serbian it's feminine lol
However, I don't see Spain ever recognising Kosovo because of their own problems.
Balkaners know a few more and EX - Yugoslavs probably know most of them
The thing is, the more you learn about Islam, the more you read the Qu'ran the more you realize that it is indeed a fundamentally intolerant and violent religion.
Could you please elaborate on how Franjo did good
Interestingly enough Serbia has less "considerable efforts needed" than Montenegro in the negotiation process, we may see a Serbia enter before Montenegro if Serbia's pace continues.
Id rather not be next to a dog in a moving vehicle tightly packed with people
Čuvari prirode (guardians of nature) we had those classes in elementary school only and it's just like getting to know everything about nature, how to take care of it, and stuff like that
Serbs also luve u
Means: Up there the mountains burn worse
Bruh
Liam, Leo
The only sad thing is that Serbia still harbprs such hopes and doesn't recognise Kosovo
Even Italians tried to prosecute him.
The legal and democratic way to do it is to change the constitution by vote
everything
Џ џ | Č č |Like J in just
The mosquitoes seem to be retreating slowly
Why are we frenemies
Do you have a source on the first one?
Serbia is basically never on the news here, so I'm trying to provide other reasons as to why people might dislike Serbians.
Happy cake day
Here in Balkan there is whole group of "pruve we are original inhabitants" historians
That's what it said back when Bill Clinton was bombing Serbia.
1) Montenegro, 2) Albania, then 3) Serbia and Kosovo.
I didn't. In 7th grade our new teacher told us we write essays only in cyrillic cursive
I am a Serb and I support this message
Albania - Well obviously we have a lot of disputes with albanians (mostly Kosovo ones), but as a country I don't think they intend to fight us, neither do we (unless some crazy sh*t happens on Kosovo)
When general Živković arrived at the station, he simply said "marš u pičku materinu" (go fuck yourself) and continued fighting
On the other hand when it comes to our enemies we will never yield nor abandon our goals.
First we were a kingdom before Ottoman occupation, when we freed ourselves we became a kingdom again, then Yugoslav kingdom, then WW2 happened, the leaders would rig elections, have full media control etc, when Yugoslavia fell apart we thought we would have democracy again, nope same things as what happened in Yugoslavia are still happening
You and the rest of the Germans who ganged up on me like the bullies you are, watch this video and learn from it:
No obviously not, people should have an equal say in the ideal world but couple the fact that Serbs would have to give up a large amount of not only territory but power (considering they were WW1 victors) to their former enemies, it was ludicrous
Agriculture; ye here it's a big thing and one of our main industries
No, not really
You are the real heroes, and when this all is over, we will own you big times
However, she must wear a bridal wreath
Also, there are people asking for money for medicine
Srbobran (serb-defender) Srbomir (peace serb) Srboslav (glory serb) Milorad (glad to work)
I don't really think about them and when I do, I wonder why they haven't been just annexed by their neighbors
Serb from Bosnia (Republic of Srpska) here.
Serbia has great relations with Republika Srpska (thats in Bosnia), and is also a guarant of pece in Bosnia.
UHU for glue stick
Also for child mutilation,mothers would cut off fingers,ears just so Janissaries wouldn't take them, truly a loyal to Ottoman thing to do /s!
He seems to be a bit bolder than they were 20 years ago.
I don't watch sports but this is seriously stupid
Depends for what you want to use it.
I think people here are really confusing ICJ with ICTY and Republika Srpska and Republic of Serbia.
We don't look for our cultural identity in Serbia.
Foreign military invades a sovereign country, UN adopts resolutions so that mentioned country "temporarily" cannot control that part of the country, ethnic minority in that part of the country suddenly becomes majority and declares its own country, against international law and against UN resolutions.
And we don't consider it a porridge
He was the biggest proponent to bomb every Serbian city in the 90s. He said Serbs were dogs who deserved a German style occupation and he was working very hard to achieve that
Štokavian is then devided in 3 dialects "rkavian" "ikavian" and "ijekavian". Basically how one would pronounce the old letter "yat". So milk would be mleko, mliko and mlijeko respectively
That one gossip girl who knows everything about everyone
Sure, if we would stop disposing them like [this.]
I had coffee once there, with one special person.
I consider myself a good english speaker(lol), and i still struggle with articles
I didn't expect that fake news/conspiracy theories in Bulgaria and Serbia are so similar, although it makes sense
The most recognisable building however and the one the city is most know for is the
Lets hear you then
>skaat
It's a great news source I agree.
Just look at Croatia, Serbia and Bosnia as a perfect example of brain drain.
Peter Van der Auweraert, western Balkans coordinator for the IOM, said the Serbian government had offered places in reception centres for everyone living in the warehouses, but were turned down.
Thank you very much
The licence was bought from Italian Gandola, if I'm not mistaking
More countries are on our side not recognizing Kosovo
The taxes are far too high in Germany even given the tax payer health care that is available.
Zdravo, moje ime je Dzon
Before the three dozen stereotypical /r/europe users come in shitting on Serbia as an ebil (bela?)Russian puppet for receiving and using their equipment:
Normalisation of relations will not cut it
\- Extremely prominent macho culture (except maybe in Slovenia)
Whatever you do, dont call them.Bulgars.
About 5 years ago a genealogist or something similar, found that Croatians have much more in common, genetically, with Lapland, than with Serbia:
I think that you have worse relations with Kosovo.
we also have NATO military exercises.
Some of the tanks physically exist somewhere, but no maintenance is done, and no training.
A lot of Europeans here think we're some Russian puppet, truth is Russia has done much more for us than the EU ever has + as I said we're very proud and Russia has been our historical ally so we're not so keen on betrayal
Also, it doesn't have to have -ić at all
Fuck this cunt fuck him fuck his lackeys fuck his government and fuck every single fuck that takes him seriously
so whats your point of "they broke off yugoslavia without a single drop of blood"?
Boy or girl:
What Albanian country
Hey if it gets him the votes from a demographic he needs, it's not stupid
> What do you mean
> Šuker’s support of the defender Josip Simunić has also generated outrage
Surely if German citizens were committing murder abroad in large numbers, countries might well put a stop to German travelers entering their country.
Yeah I get you
Most of us don't classify it as a country lol
Someone is being slow in understanding things around him...
Nice to see when somebody from Greece (Russian No 1 puppet) talking sh*t about Russia and Serbia.
Oh but also when I said correct position I meant like politically
Then why don't you fight against your own madmen first?
I'm not so sure the EU will take us in any time soon anyway.
yup, the Balkans has the highest temperature differences in Europe.
Holy moly macaroni, that article has cut really deep.
It doesn't sound right, just as you would say CR (like UK/USA) doesn't.
That is the only way we can all heal
Nice
I bring my tongue to my upper front teeth kinda blow and say something that resembles 'D'.
However we do know about geographical stuff, like deserts, mountains, rivers etc
There's a ton of proof of people being forced to vote for his party, even videos
That's completely irrelevant to the fact how women are being treated there compared tot he US.
I can see how countries such as Denmark or Sweden would be worried about it due their success whilst being relatively small countries, but it seems to me that a country like Serbia would just benefit from further integration.
In Serbian, it's just a bit higher pitched, more upbeat and fast - energetic somehow
Same
"**Serbian** president cancels trip..." - saved you a click.
Also, Ante [Pavelić] was hiding there for a long time and also buried there
For how long did these empires last?
Well cyrilic will never die out as it's something that can be learnt in a day and its learnt in school.
I would say that that differences are even smaller.
But the band is great
tbh I think the Serbian one is more inspired, he winks when you hover over the pic.
We also say this when someone drops something immediately after stating something,because apparently the dropping of an object, or a sneeze confirms the truth of the statement?
The first Yugoslavia wasn't forced upon anyone
Bulgaria for back stabbing in second Balkan war and WW1, again don't know why this is still an issue it was a long time ago
[Wikipedia]
That he takes pretty pictures and acts like any normal human being?
Comitative - with a beautiful girl
Plus, I believe the territories would become discontinuous, with all the issues that'd raise.
Definetly the US, since Albania can hardly invade us alone
Ottoman empire
The [Serbian Empire] existed for 25 years during the 14th century during the late and failing Byzantine Empire under the Palaiologos dynasty
- The city desperately needs a metro system
Yeah, not a hospital
Something with cabbage, minced meat (I'm aiming at sarma) and definitely some alcohol such as rakija or vinjak (brandy)
Vuk Branković is only a traitor in literature because he pulled out of the battle, and Miloš Obrenović simply wasn't a traitor
The reason Serbia lost there was because when the last Nemanjic died, Serbia was greatly weakened as now it was near impossible to unite all the knezes
(Also, what does anti UN mean
Did it myself alone a lot of times (anywhere between 12 am and 5 am)
Serbia, if it manages to solve its territorial and ethnic issues (10-20 years from now).
According to the international polls, Serbs are statistically the most hospitable nation in the world
edit: forgot to shoot my guns in the air
You have been to Kosovo but not to Serbia lol that's a rare one (unless you count Kosovo as a part of Serbia idk what's your view on that)
People dont fight over ethnicities, ethnicities have different ideologies, etc which lead to war.
That guy sounds exactly like someone from Croatia or Serbia would.
That guy is gonna define what fascism is?
No one ever says that here
Right now we are back to peaceful protests, this is good as I don't want the government harming inocents
it's bad for the soul and the economy.
\> "Noooooo religion did this
No, it's Yugoslav period chocolate and milk spread
That's why this thread, which was literally just a response to the Srpska thread, became top post while the Srpska post was downvoted out.
Jedno selo kod Petrovca na Mlavi :D
As a human I am glad Trump lost but as a Serb now I will look at the US politics more closely now bc Biden has had a hate bonner on us before and I just do not know much on his stance or views on us today
The new block literally less than 50 meters away, and boom you can see what everyone does in their balconies without even trying to look up
Here we have a naming convention to add suffixes to any word to make it a name
It may be a Russian hate thing but I'm not sure.
Well that's the thing, you either defend the border in the balkans, or you defend them next door after every transit country moved them your way, since it's not like Serbia or Turkey were in Schengen..
Why would you think that anything that someone from the US establishment says holds any real value
Cool, have you enjoyed your time there
so it's not always the same case as you'd like to present.
Around 1 in 3
Thanks for the response, I like learning about the situation in Serbia, the English Internet is sadly poor in this regard.
Even Germany has prople that think Hitler was good
Jokes aside, I had no idea that Ford has European division
Исто r/Rimjob_Steve
It's foolish to think that Russia has any influence whatsoever on leaders in region (except maybe for Dodik).
99% correct; just:
I love it when someone speaks one of those
Nušić wrote a few dramas as well, but you are right.
Interested in some of those fancy Serbian or Greek lands perhaps?!
Around 8th century, similar with Croatia
More closely would be: you say "Bob says someone just tried to kill him" and someone responds "Bob is corrupt".
That match was played in Krusevac.
Cyrillic is mandatory on tests and reports and books are on Cyrillic
I wouldn't visit Moldova because i think it's boring there
How is that not ethnic cleansing?
Yes they would, Serbia has extradited a lot of people
then make the starting position the East Berlin
I don't think that's the only reason.
We buy the same beers we usually do
But Serbia and Montenegro had a very similar history.
What kind of bargaining chip did Slovenia need
If you are meeting with someone for the first time, it would be really advisable  to be right on time
The Austrians wanted to send their own authorities in Serbia to fight against " anti Austrian organizations".
For carrying, it is even more complicated, and there is just a little window to use it in our judicial system
Ok, get the tgv, but sncf can't be let in on the project
Serbia holds the bizarre idea that it can decide when nations can and cannot be created.
Greece is our biggest ally along with Russia, but I was talking about neighbours (countries we share a border with), my gyros brother
We and Switzerland are the only countries which managed to do that so far
But yeah, it’s hella funny
It is impossible to have peace if Serbia is your neighbor :D
Either from begging on streets or welfare.
You think I want that
3 dialects
Culture is getting pretty western, but we are still the laziest people on the Balkans (due to the fact that jobs exist, but nobody wants to do them).
And I guess if the Albanians if Kosovo don't want to live in Serbia, they can all move to Albania, right?
balm for all the senses
Well, being pro-church was rebelious back then in the 80s-90s. Gen X was provoking their boomer parents
You may be surprised, but German dialects have more variety than Serbian/Croatian/Bosnian/Montenegrin/whatever
France is 10th in the world by plum production
Fixed it
Every former yugoslav country has a bad economy and high unemployment rate.
Yesterday Serbia, today Lithuania, tomorrow
Or is it just for the tourists
That is true (I even remember reading that here on this sub), but it's just getting repetetive when this ButtMayBee guy -a Bosnian/Bosniak(?) who hates everything Croatian and especially Serbian- obviously pushes his anti-Serbia agenda on every single thread about Serbia (I mean dude called "Republika Srpska" literally ISIS, can't get more youtube comment section-y than that).
I know cyrilics, i don't even aknowledge which alphabet is when i read, but i am having big problems when i need to write especialy cursive which is required in some situations, for example when you need to write the statement in the bank during signing promissory note
Republika Srpska means Serb Republic and is one of the entities of Bosnia Herzegovina.
CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR BROTHERS ️
Everybody is a peculating what Russia's plan is behind Serbia's emboldment.
I was born and raised in Kosovo, and had to leave everything that we had there ( except what could fit in  a  VW golf 2 ) and leave
Umm I am pretty sure no one pronounces Scott as "skat". We pronounce Scott and skot the same
Third every story has two sides and truth is somewhere in the middle
On second hand, my parents would say the years before the breakup of Yugoslavia were the best time to live in our history (from around 1975-1990)
Israpilov had fought with thousands of other Chechens to repel Russian forces from their land - for many Chechens it was a war of independence
You can't proclaim something 'isn't a huge loss' in someone's situation if you have never experienced that in the first place.
My mother told me about hers (I'm a woman)
In other words, even though on paper wages seem to be higher that in part reflects the reality that close to half the population is jobless!
It's not like there's a choice.
Saying "hand" when I really mean "arm". We have a word for both in Serbian, but we usually use "ruka" for the whole thing
Albania
I change almost all friends every 5-6 years and keep best few from every batch
The government delegation was on its way to meeting Serbian PM, Aleksandr Vučić.
Same
At that point you must order army to shoot or tear-gas the crowd.
(I started learning French in 1990, mais j’ai oublié quelques chose
That's because traditional British position was to see EU as an economical union that wouldn't integrate further.
When AH started bombing the city, they sent a letter stating that Serbs should surrender and meet them at the railway station, waving the white flag
Je vis dans une partie de l'Europe où les températures sont très extrêmes ; trop chaud, out trop froid.
Istanbul has more inhabitants then all of Balkan countries.
Speak portuguse fluently having lived in Brazil for most of my life
The 1878 cleansing was a turning point because it was the first gross and large-scale injustice committed by Serbian forces against the Albanians
And you people will keep missing the point until you're gone and forgotten
Although, on the 6th map, since you colored Ukraine and Serbia in a light blue shade, I don't see why Moldova shouldn't be light blue as well.
yea same here
isnt that "most"?
The police sniper was clearly a Russian spy!
Germany also had the choose to decline supporting the war on Serbia.
I shower 2 times weekly
Herceg Novi is my favorite
In the context of keeping Yugoslavia unified it doesn't make sense, but in the context of acquiring territory for Greater Serbia it makes perfect sense.
Also, you can go to Italy by boat
Markova - Marco's (daughter)
You don't even speak our language and you are not a linguist.
Do you expect Russia to change its course once he is no longer in power?
There are numerous pro EU parties in the opposition coalition
Even though there is no point going there, after all we are basically the barbarians compared to the north and west.
The promoted narrative of a completely innocent Albanian population *"the ewoks"* under attack by the ruthless Serbian army *"the empire"*, only to be saved due to the heroic deeds of Bill Clinton *"luke skywalker"* is one the American population would understandably fall for.
In a year since I left every beach I used to spend summers on in my small town has become Russian or Chinese property, or private property in general
Serbians and Croatians have different names mostly, I'm not surprised it's a thing in Croatia although some here say it's a thing in Serbia too although I've never heard of anyone with that name
We're just a big cultural mess
Think Russian model od curruption but on a scale that it's public and nobody even denies it
I think that you’ve mixed us up with our Bosnian cousins
It's 2nd page news even in Serbia, at best.
But I guess you get your infos from www.srpski-nacionalista-CCCC-Lazar-love-Lazar-life.rs
Are you a Greek nationalists butthurt for the Macedonia name thing?
We have a hymn dedicated to him that the children sing  in school on the Saint Sava day (27th january)
Austria-Hungary was the one that imposed an ultimatum to Serbia, with the latter accepting all points but one.
my phone was stolen
It really do be like that sometime
There was no fearmongering here, no bringing up of political differences...
It's not that difficult to comprehend but the cult of personality is still very strong in this country.
Always fridge, never seen anyone leave them outside
Formidable job
For example, Ceca is a nickname for Svetlana
Link below:
We are still weary when the idiot comes at the forefront and starts saying some unsettling shit
They look ugly
Flair checks out
Well, if it means anything most Serbs aren't proud of what happened there either.
That's fine as long as he isn't a socialist.
Happy cake day
When it comes to politics, we are very corrupted
Crimea was not annexed peacefully.
Well you are not entirely correct but are not wrong.
Thats how you say czech in well czech
The short and simple answer is: politics.
Every single policeman gor a handgun in their holster in Serbia
If that wasn't a play for nationalistic sentiments then I don't know what was.
In Serbia we have the term "unutrašnjost" which translates to "the insides" or "the inner parts".
It's not as if they created them...
Q=љ W=њ X=џ and we have few letters bonus 2 next to P (ш ђ) 3 next to L (ч ћ ж)
*1  class is 45 minutes long, little break is 5 minutes, big break is 20 minutes
Since there's already a Serbia?
Is it me or Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia are really improving by a lot in the recent years in every aspect?
Some languages i understand more, some almost nothing.
Whenever they seem to go out of use these days, it's usually in favour of anglicisms, which I don't particularly enjoy tbh.
Childish humour and the man tried to ignore it for a while.
Austria-Hungary wouldn't have dared it alone, with the russians backing Serbia.
As far as I understood, they had separated for Slovakians and non - Slovakians.
That being said that doesn't mean we shouldn't stop fighting to preserve our cultural heritage and rights for our people there
On the Christmass eve (Badnje veče), we (formally) go to woods and chop a branch of oak (Badnjak)
You guys from Denmark went to school trip in Serbia
If you use this term to refer to Russia it can be used for literally any country in history
thank god were not in the eu
With a bit of a breeze too
When are you going to visit tuvalu, svaziland, equatorial guinea or similar?
Basically it's nonsense
Serbia has no intentions to be on European side in any altercations with Russia.
Serbian state supported the murder of the heir to the Austrian throne
Media covering the election should be able to understand and find this out (if they're not complete idiots, and especially coming from a similar system)
Ye, I hope we make this tensions into an rivalry banter in the future, we don't need to fight, especially since we have to work out our economies, industries and politics
Yeah, fuck the guy who forced the hystorical car producers to switch to electric, am I right
A lot even come back here
North Pole or South Pole and Gender - Пол, Pol
I am one of those guys who think that people shouldn't be punished just for having or expressing shitty ideas.
I'm most often not even aware if some word is British or American
90% of the things are imported so take any country prices that makes the products (like usa) and make it 40% more expensive
It is pretty obvious that the city should be in Eastern or Southern Europe
'Promaja' doesn't have its verb form here, only 'napraviti promaju' so I guess we just use 'luftirati' as a short version for that
Gun laws here are notoriously strict; in order to buy a gun you have to pass numerous exams, fill all kinds of paperwork, the whole process lasts for about a year
If it happens to win, EBU and other wealthier countries should help it out.
At the moment, we don't need more countries to complain about the cyclists, vegans or freedom for lgbt people ("the homo agenda").
Bring back [this one] (Pre WW1)
Yeah I get it's not serious...but it doesn't really make sense.
Comparing Yugoslavia to Austro-Hungary is dumb
You'll still have controlled borders with Moldova, Ukraine and Serbia.
Austria just there chillin lol
Shit Milo is saying is ignoring history and making out Montenegro what it is not
I often hear about a lady judge that rules with an iron hammer and many wish we could borrow her for a month or so
Haradinaj has still to answer for his war crimes.
True that it's a microscopic village in the middle of no where, but it's still tacky in my opinion doing such things.
Feels like Amnesia
Why don't you grab an actual history book?
The entire Balkans, but specifically Serbia and Bosnia
Look again, it's not just the EU; Turkey, Serbia, Montenegro, Albania and Macedonia are all included.
Spain bro calm down
Next elections or the one after might be since right now many French people will vote for Macron to avoid Brexit and Trump, but when they see Macron is same shit as current president and that nothing will change then they will reconsider right wing
Us too, brother
Acknowledging that there is a problem is the first and sometimes the hardest step so if the world needed someone like Trump for that to happen, so be it.
I do have blonde hair and she has blue eyes, so that might've been it
Oh great
I am not sure how many foreigners come to our mountains Kopaonik and Zlatibor but they're very famous tourist spots among Serbs
Literally, and don't get me started with small k. Thank god after 6th grade we didn't have to write cursive latin again
After elections in 2012 it was 100%
This issue has been settled by Ahtisaari agreement and constitution of Kosovo.
Coming to a beach and already expecting a cold ocean (yeah we got told that a lot, I guess it's the first thing everyone notices) but oh well at least it's really hot so I can warm up easily, damn it's windy though I hope it stops
14 Roman emperors were born on the modern territory of Serbia, we had several Roman cities, the largest being Sirmium which was coincidentally 4th capital city of Rome
"flaunt sexuality"
Novi Sad - New now
As a little brother in the family I find this offensive.
By tradition, this person brings luck, happiness and piece to the home
Also, maybe Niko Bellic is not the best example because his nationality is officially not defined
zero fucks given as 99% of that cash is just stolen by our authoritarian regime - which the EU supports
I think you of course count four countries
Although I agree with him on the part that every country should pay its share, that is the deal and that should be obeyed by everyone.
Yeah I feel like you guys make it easier for non Slavic language speakers to pronounce words.
Also, when filling in blank spaces on documents or questionnaires or something like that I write in the script that the document is printed in, I usually don't like mixing scripts
In Serbian, every letter is pronounced, well, as it is supposed to
The budget of the Dutch state for 2017 is 264.4 billion euros, or 15,740 euros per inhabitant per year.
In my country we call them "Češka" since forever, and that name is more similar to Czechia than to Czech republic, so I don't really mind the difference
It's also not really a secret that Russophilia is very common in Serbia, and that there's a lot of social stigmatization or downright discrimination towards LGBT people.
I doubt that there are many 45+ year old Easter Europeans visiting reddit who could give you their first hand experience with communism
It's not even a coping strategy I think people just don't care and never did
Hoverzoom+ "zooms" into images more frequently for me, even from sites like deviantart and tumblr which Imagus usually doesn't.
However other dialects are not any less important or "correct" and are still used in parts of Serbia
Also, after the overthrow of communism, the predominant ideology became pro-religious, and supports all orthodox christian practices (i’m neutral about that)
Here in Serbia most of the smokers start at high school (14-18yo) which is really bad and it's usually because of the effect of the friends
I can confirm with full certainty that in terms of arts (and in a lot of other aspects as well but whatever), the communist "age" was a huge step back.
It goes both ways
And VODKA
Anyway, freezing nights, hot days and oversized insects all around were worth the incredible scenery
That's the joke they are trying to make.
We also don't learn about our own countries history (well obviously we do) but how it fits into a whole European narrative
It's Hungarian influence
Why do you call a democratically elected government "regime"?
I was joking abit because a lot of balkan houses used to own a similar carpet
I wouldn't really count our medieval rulers as good leaders, at least by modern standards.
My friend used to live above the sex shop in Amsterdam
We turned our back on Bulgarians, they can too I guess.
It was Hungarian land for really long time.
KLA was designated as a terrorist organisation by even the US and it's chief members are the figureheads of the country) and criminals
German and Russian
We don't even count 15 minutes, it's considered being on time
At that time I was crazy about Corto Maltese in Venice graphic novel, and the city felt like a dream, despite the hoards of tourists
It should be easy to present counter arguments against my claim then, mate
Second of all, do you genuinely believe this?
You would never hear a speech like that from Serbia.
&#x200B;
All the generals listen to him and he has some stupid ideas about how military should work
Besides what does that have anything to do with what I said?
Yeah but I meant we weren't a proper democracy on today's standards
Nah
Also people speak my language and don't say hello on the street.
Though it's kinda grown on me now, y'know?
Laundry detergents have smaller amount of active substance, meaning it takes more of it for the same washing effect, etc.
I speak both Serbian and Croatian, i mean, they are dialects of the same language (Montenegrin and Bosnian is also here in the mix, according to the linguists), and my Bulgarian is bad, but I am practicing it because I have applied for Bulgarian citizenship
Isn't a federation a means of integrating different entities together
So, while Ceca ruled on Pink, Karleusa ruled on BK and they both set the standards of what's popular and profitable
Most people on this subreddit are unfamiliar with our traditions.
Ironiya sudby maybe
5 room apartment rent will cost around  250-300€.
Basically most of it is religious buildings, but very old or very big religious buildings
It was named Yugoslavia until 2003 and Serbia and Montenegro from 2003 to 2006
Honest people, but very stubborn.
Hellion
This is why people had the surname "Horvath" even before Croatia gained any sort of autonomy or independence, for example.
So basically he want to create large Serbian, Croatian and Albanian state.
Don't even try to turn the subject of the conversation like that lol.
how is yugoslavia supposed to be an insult
Montenegro needs to either get on the euro standard which it won't or drop the euro for it's own currency
Skyhook for Serbia
Harsh times to be a Jew in Germany
Berlusconi gave much more than 500€ to 18 years old girls 😏
I mean, only Georgia (because of that massacre on a Sunday I think) and Baltic nations (understandable) voted against the new Federated Constitution of USSR which would have kept USSR going but as a federal institution with more power devolved to the republics.
What do you put in those rolls in Finland?
Would you still say its just a train ?
Ah yeah, Serbian mountains are pretty cool :)
Same here in Serbia
It's funny how all of the commenters are Bosnian
Yes, Gamzigrad
Beč in serbo-croatian
Every serbian youtuber is kid manipulating basterd,i only watch Ozbiljne teme
Lol
Not like that will ever change with Bosnia existing in its current form
And no, serbian government should not have active policies in Kosovo undermining also serbian population prosperity by using them as tool and means so they can get some votes for them in Belgrade elections, not a single party in Kosovo or Albania uses Albanians in FYROM as a means to gather more votes and use them as a populist and nationalist propaganda.
Yeah, but, unlike some other people, Vučić and his party aren't really good at 'thinking'.
Ok Ukraine second -when guaranteer of borders of Ukraine took it part and began war.
Mc Stojan - La Miami
Why is this proclaimed as a good thing?
In Serbia they're usually armed with just a pistol but if there is a large football game they are equipped with riot gear
I didn't call you anything i just said you post deliberate misinformation in order to get an angry response by Serbs.
Our involvement in Serbia and Libya was in support of European allies.
having 10 times more gdp doesn't mean you live 10 times better as you implied.
How the fuck have we been found it when we were under Byzantium and the Ottomans for 1000 years of the 1400 years we've been in the Balkans
That's what Croatian War of Independence was all about.
It is in my opinion way too cramped with information, they should have made more space between the lines or something
Well, the question asks about *whole* history, not only modern one.
Hiding garlic in your bosom:
I'm sure you have never been in Bulgaria
Also numbers on that link are overblown for some countries.
From my experience and what I heard people say, it's better to stay with your parents and not have to pay rent, plus in the future you'd inherit the house anyways
It is a big country with great stadiums and everything was organized great, it was 2018 for goodness sake, the cold war is long over
Well if an Albanian enters a Serbian enclave ...
And even if you succeed you might have to revoke your US citizenship.
Genuine question, isn't Sinn Fein more of nationalist party?
Any military had to vote for sepparation or they were served transfer papers to Serbia
Additionally, event if that is all free money it is not even close to amount Serbia lost and is losing on the actions of EU
But we don't use "Ugarska" for Hungary anymore, it's Mađarska
Serbia didn't choose anything, same way as Germany did not
We lost a battle where we had 50k-70k men and the Ottomans had 800 (I can explain in replies if someone's interested)
We were always allies (WW2 is an exception) and they are one of the rare EU and NATO countries that don't recognize triggerland
Scots is not hard, but it is about something I already know
Serbia holds the drills with NATO all the time but that doesn't "sell the news papers" so you don't see it that much in the news media.
I sadly can't find that article anymore
I just can't stand them so i wouldn't even bother working there, maybe as a last resort
Nah, that's just because it's Finnish.
Basically the Dutch UN forces retreated because they were being overwhelmed by Serbian forces, and their calls for UN air support were rejected.
[Drina March] - 20th century
Russia has recovered a lot since the 90s and China is a US competitor, both Serbian allies
Yea, there is a few ruins, also the capital Belgrade is a roman city, along with Nis, Sremska Mitrovica, Zemun ...
The same way you probably know more American movies than German ones.
I'm sad to say that Serbia hasn't given up on their fascist politics.
Lack of healthcare, lack of regulations when it comes to basic things (tap water isnt drinkable in many places), proto-fascism, bad education, drinking age, gun laws, circumcision
We love Americans, tho
We only need Farage and the fantastic four would be completed.
I understand that your recent history and relationship was difficult and still is, but making stuff up just to not be similar to the people you don't like is a tad childish, I must say.
It's about credibility, same goes for recent "planned assassination" of Serbian PM.
No but we definitely should
The last time we took the tests we were 3 spots under Croatia and 2 above romania.
It's stable, war-free, which is a plus in itself.
Slovene: about 30-40%, I can understand basic sentences, but in general, not intelligible
No way around it in couple of decades or even years (these things usually happen overnight)
During war with Bulgaria in 1885 we let Red cross pass through our country to help wounded Bulgarians .
Wake up (around 8 am), make a coffee and a breakfast, go to gym around 10-10.30 am, stay there for an hour, hour an half, make a lunch around 2 pm or wait for mother to come back home (around 3) so we can have together and in the afternoon go to faculty lectures.
How much of a Brittish stereotype are you
Verbal support that is
It's **Kupa**, you bastard
Look at weed and the usa, simple stuff really
100% safe
It only worsen the relations with Russia, brings far right groups in front, rise of nationalism etc.
To be honest, look around us, Polish Mafia, Serbian Mafia, Albanian Mafia, serious organised crime, the only "Romanian" "mafia" is some gypsy guy putting his wife to beg while he goes to collect metal, except Sorin Matei and Emil Matasareanu I can't think of any big Romanian criminals.
Is that really the case, though
If it really does it it's gonna be a bloodbath.
they need to activate windows
And Vojvodina is not good enough for you
I really don't think Albanians should invite trouble by comissioning a standing army, it won't go unnoticed by the Serbian side.
"single day field trip"?
IT; yup much like the whole of balkans computer science is booming
Germany also had the choose to decline supporting the war on Serbia.
> Sadly I think most finns find it easier to become friends with someone who speaks finnish
Someone linked a wikipedia article on it in the comment above.
Thanks
In my elementary school I had my English classes right, tho I couldn't wait for breaktimes
We don't have any really special idiocy, except the well known 'we are the people of the heaven' and 'at that point in history people in our court used forks and the west used fingers for eating'. But choose *any* of the regular idiotic , evil and sick beliefs and I know people who believe it IRL
(that everyone knows where they are, specially vido)
Last year i was in Sunny Beach me and my visited Nesebar, one younger waitress didn't knew what pivo/piva was, we forgot you guys call beer bira
CETA is not explained to the people, especially in a manner in which they'd understand.
Montenegro could probably also do it.
There are definitely pro-Russians in ZBCG but to say that they are all pro Russian is just silly
You might think otherwise since we had a lot of wars and things, but I feel like that's the only reason why we have such high number of guns, I feel like extremely safe walking around and the last thing on my mind is that someone is going to shoot me
they do that for a reason - most of their mother side families are noble too, so it's sort of a collection
The USA/NATO
They won't ever do that because if they do they know albanians are going to try and separate north-western part of their country.
Kosovo is black because its not a country
For me it is the internet
Honestly true
Visas have to be issued a week in advance of travel.
I presume that someone is definetely not gonna be PM Justin 'genderneutral' Trudeau.
I normally never gamble, but the events this year will make me start.
I woke up at 11 AM as an European and still don't understand what the fuck is going on
It is centuries
Its basically infinite 69 copycats or wanabees,and their demographic is mostly 10-15yo kids
2 times:
Everyone else left the shit mentality back in the 90s.
Go = Naked
Nowadays it's mostly carton or plastic bottle.
Not that people can't come
Three ethnic groups that don't trust each other but It seems you missed something, let's get things into order.
For stuff croatia related you could ask at /r/croatia
how can it be kosovo when kosovo is serbia
But but, he already ate Crimea
Serbia, it gets international sanctions by other members that force it to either suffer or accept decision.
May has a high approval rating and she did nothing but suck up to Trump so far.
Why do all Romanian names make me go NUMA NUMA YAY, NUMA NUMA NUMA YAY
Some people's names in šatrovački become nicknames
I think that their language and names are based on Welsh and Irish mythology
As long as UNR1244 is at power as another user said, its still a part of Serbia.
Tesla wasn't the only Serb who was of Vlahic descent.
He ordered attack on US servicemen in the country bordering his, which they have no business being there in the first place
[Ajde Jano] - 18-19 century Serbia (although I prefer Nigel Kennedy and Kroke Band interpretation, this one is more "natural".
When has Poland invaded Serbia?
He will lock the door next time.
I personally don't believe in the idea of separate races
In general, I match the script to its "environment", as it should be done
well, except the Black Sea lol
well I've heard that croats discovered that "cyrillic is actually croatian" so if you think about it your people actually backed up that claim (that croats are/were serbs), whoever claimed that
He did yes, and he did it surprisingly well, although he was reading a phonetic text, still huge of him to give such effort
It's not like ethnicity in europe.
Sve je to ista mafija, svim političarima je cilj da uzmu što više para i zajebu sve
I met a kid once, son of some uni profesor from Zagreb, and the kid recited some of this stuff to me here in Belgrade
After that all the other Slavic languages barring Polish maybe
It was named Yugoslavia until 2003 and Serbia and Montenegro from 2003 to 2006
No so let's stop with this alternative historical theories pls.
Vojko V - Kako To
weird, because in my experience serbs under the age of 35 are very good at english.
Shit
i really want goody's to open here...
Cmon, you have this " genocidal denier " Serb on silver plate in that case
Ah the late 2000s-very early 2010s nostalgia trip, here we go
I hate most Serbian music played at parties weddings and other festivities
But Kosovars don't want to be part of Albania, neither do Albanians in Macedonia.
There is a great documentary about this on You Tube called Yugoslavia:Death of a Nation by BBC.
Our leader, Dodik, was actually on the front lines in WW1 during some of the heaviest fighting of the war.
Someone just took a pic of the spoon and then someone posted it saying it's in a hospital for some internet fame
So when a woman has 2 surnames, for example Marija Markovićeva Jovanovićka, that would mean Marković is her surname, and Jovanović is her married name
You forgot the reason for it
Others could have even number world wars, odd ones are ours
Thats the most common saying in every country
At that time his main focus were Croatia and Bosnia.
Can confirm
i heard that in the UK, a pack of cigarettes costs 10£
Vilhelm is also correct
[Vuk Draskovic] speaks on CNN news
Cyrillic:
A special cake you eat for Christmas has nothing to do with the birth of Christ except that you eat it on the day you celebrate that event.
Anyway, Montenegro joined with Serbia.
Most people (not all) still love and listen to ex-Yu music and movies made at the time the country existed
Somewhat true but not completely, first they moved and then they converted later during the 18th century
Everybody laughs that something like that could ever happen.
Glas is voice in Serbian, so there's that
There's really no room for anyone normal there.
So it goes Jan-small Jan-even smaller Jan-the smallest Jan
Whatever role Vučić has, that role is in charge because he is nearly a dictator
Fužine and Šiška kind of had a bad reputation in the 90's because they housed mainly Bosnian, Serbian and Croatian immigrants/refugees who sometimes, not often, got into fights so everyone believed they're a hotbed of crime.
Yeah, ethic clensing was done
Including implicitly the international borders.
I believe it is used for grandchildren aswell, basically any descendant.
We all hate each other, but once we live in *insert western country* we become best buddies
My mom lived in Paris  when she was a teen, she told me that then  discrimination existed
I know it's dogshit here, but I figured you were doing atleast a bit better.
Serbian chocolate - which is better?
Putin committed far worse crimes than islamists
It clearly says the nazi's did it Belgrade, and the Serb civilians were actively rescuing Yugoslav Jews.
With a couple of bus/train tickets and a tourist visum for Serbia that could be very easily done in a 1.5-2 week holiday!
Lockers were introduced to my primary school in Belgrade around 2013 and we were supposed to have two sets of books, one for school and one for home so our backpack is light
The best way is to call it by the country you are currently living in.
Can relate
He didn't claim that there was a terror attack in Sweden.
You may not like it, but that is the reality of the situation.
croatia is eating bosnia
Yes, I realise that we are partly responsible for Serbia's poverty, I'm simply saying that it makes me sad that a European nation is held back behind places like Iraq.
You forgot the flag from the Government of National Salvation (also known as Nedić's Serbia)
Yes we do have better relations with them now, but if someone invaded us it would probably be them
Thessaloniki was lovely
Victoria
what are you on about
While serbian people had 13 precent in kosovo and were constantly murdered churches were burned down
Russia isn't going to attack any NATO or EU member.
and the Serbian number is wrong because it took into account the covid travel bans during the pandemic in 2020 which were only temporary
As you can see from the 6th generation names are almost random, and thus less known for an every day speaker
Serbs gave to the world some of the most respecting scientists ever: Nikola Tesla, a wonder-man whose ingenious inventions are still being ahead of time; Mihajlo Pupin, physicist and chemist whose ideas on telecommunications are still breathtaking; Milutin Milankovic, mathematician, astronomer, climatologist, geophysicist, civil engineer whose climatological researches spread all over the solar system and inventor of the most accurate calendar with declination of only 2,75 seconds per astronomical year
Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Serbia.
Kosovo and Serbia should be invited at the same time
that's because Russian authors from the time were, undeniably, the best.
UK government used to support Turkey joining too.
One so far in Belgrade
No matter how attractive she looks, having a penis is a turn off to me and almost every straight guy.
If bullet wasn't fired who knows if there would have been WW1 and if when.
My last trip to San Marino ended without a flag.
Yeah, you joke, but Albania and many other Balkan nations pay tons of cash to American lobby groups so they could bicker about useless shit in the US as well.
For example, if I go to Slovenia, I can talk on Croatian and people will understand me and if they speak on Slovenian, I can understand them.
It's a very full flavor, the densest of long coffees I've had and only second to espresso.
However, you won't really have peace by antagonizing a major factor in the war.
Yeah I'm pretty sure it does...
Montenegro
The way I learned 99% English and the reason I can do an English test 100% intuitively is because of video games and youtube
Čuvari prirode (guardians of nature) we had those classes in elementary school only and it's just like getting to know everything about nature, how to take care of it, and stuff like that
but using it for the whole damn text?
Argue with the Balkan countries all night until we get tipsy then we're best friends and we start dancing
Šta ima
Suppose that Serbs in north of Kosovo unilaterally seceded, creating their own republic with possibility of later joining Serbia.
I hear they're building another one
Romania, Greece, Russia - best ortodox brothers
It really is, everywhere you go, the beaches, mountains, rivers
Not saying it was right, but war is never right and actions are almost never free of consequences.
Some other guy posted the link to few videos connecting Biden with anti-Serbian sentiment
I consider SPD as a left wing party.
How do banks expect us to save money for a mortgage with these prices.
From energy drinks booster and definitely Guarana, it's really amazing drink
Remove kebab is a polandball comic meme and is aimed towards Ottomans, and after that it was mixed with the video Serbia Stronk to refer to Bosniaks, it is not aimed towards Albanians, if it is someone is misusing the meme.
There is one [guy] who is seemingly right - oriented, yet he lack any political wisdom and ability to think on long term.
Some companies even pay the full rent.
He launched military campaign in Syria where Turkish army mercilessly killed a bunch of Kurds and wouldn’t stop it until  Russia stepped in
Afterwards, it will be mighty small-minded of Montenegro to kick up a fuss whenever foreigners enter those parts of the country illegally.
In 1914 a Serbian officer named Vemic who had been part of the regicide against Alexander was tried for shooting a young Serbian recruit for being too slow to follow an order.
[Mice \(Nine men's morris\)
The other being almost all of the same peoples + Hungarians + Romanians + Germans + Slovaks + Czechs + Ukranians + Poles on top of it
Lots of Muslims live there (not saying it's a bad thing, but different to the rest of the country) and it just feels kinda weird
It may help you with older people if you speak Serbian or Croatian but without Albanian it won't be easy especially since young people, particularly younger than 25 don't speak Serbian
It's quite annoying how the EU turns a blind eye to the governments' activities as long as they are doing their part to "pushing" the country towards EU.
&nbsp;
For instance, one of my doctors is IIRC from Kenya and a surgeon that did my appendectomy was IIRC from Greece.
there's no life imprisonment in serbia, he got the maximum sentence of 40 years.
That's the spirit
American view of Europe: Wait
#RETAKE CONSTANTINOPLE
Everything being political
You realize we're joking about this right?
[Here's] a song fully in šatrovački done by a Croatian band
They may not necessarily be the exactly same construction and materials
And we love drinking, it's almost a national sport
I have never seen one in Serbia
Wasn't talking about what he said, he signed some pretty important stuff, that can't be re-arranged in a week
i heard that in the UK, a pack of cigarettes costs 10£
well it's probably just a dozen of 60+ people declaring their village shall be putinovo.
And Greece- as a brother country with who we fought against the Turks, Bulgarians, Austrians and Germans
Thus, while both humanitarian concerns and Serbian political interests would have dictated conciliation and moderation, the Serbian government, motivated by exclusive nationalist and anti-Muslim sentiments, chose expulsion
But people would probably say "that's too much effort" or something, so fuck everyone then
And you wanna talk about alternative history
If, of course, EU manages to get its shit together enough to survive next decade.
which is just: *Daj mi flašu kisele
Muslims asked Hodza (priest) to explain the difference between dictatorship and a democracy
\[1\] General [Kosta Protić] who led the Serbian army during the war, did not want Serbia to have "its [Caucasus] as an Albanian minority was viewed as a possible security concern
This was almost as good as the Netherlands.
It is annoying when they don't sometimes, but not to bad usually
7% unliterate
Let's make Constantinople great again!
Sfar as I'm aware, it's common with younger people who don't have very stable jobs, but with people who do it depends on what the conversation is and who they are talking to, so I think it is quite rarer
That, and the fact that WAY too many people don't realise how much of a responsibility they hold when it comes to voting.
Usually Russia
Džon mejd hiz vej tu a tevrn tru d dark forest, onli tu fajnd aut dat he forgot d mani
No but on the bright side during this period the UK has no say in future European affairs
Menta is perfect, I like it cold, camomile is also very nice
There are many Celtic, Roman and Ottoman archeological remains here.
I don't support us joining, but it would be fun to see just how much we'd fuck with the system
Not all the people did tho, and those that did were trialed and punished by law.
Can confirm, work for the German branch of a Swiss IT company that has recently opened an office in Serbia and hires software developers; I'm working together with 2 of them in my project, and German knowledge would definitely be an advantage for them, even more so for their managers.
Internet comments by Serbs are mostly done by expats football fans living in USA or Germany, people that literally fled from the country 20 or 30 years ago, that literally don't know shit about how is the country right now.
When I was in US, Americans thought it's really cool to know other language and to speak in some fancy, totally, new way than anything they ever heard.
It would be perfect example of natural selection
So technically it's illegal to get raped.
Maybe its border with Slovenia, but not with Serbia and Montenegro.
I guess no arguments for this one
How is Serbia a Russian puppet exactly?
Wow so many rules all over the place, it is hard to keep track of it
I meant that they defend Serbian interests, like not recognising Kosovo, for example.
Sorry for being jerks and idiots
55.000 asylum seekers, mostly from Albania, Kosovo, Afghanistan, Iraq, Serbia and Iran have left voluntarily this year, before being deported (25.000 this year).
Prague, Budapest, Belgrade, Dubrovnik, Palermo
I had similar problem
Exactly, but for ID I'd personally remove "valid until" dates to the backside so name and age, personal number etc
It's a really big part of our cuisine
okay since people are very quick to downvote instead of using brains, here;
Nje is his original joke, while we sing major in the sea
Serbian PM says US congressman who propsed ''Land Swap'' is close to Albanian lobby.
Buying of the Bride:
Top left, he's driving  SK-105 Kürassier
Decent folk want nothing to do with them.
1 feet is only 30% of a meter, so someone reading the article is thinking buildings can only be as high as
60 percent of the sites (234 sites) were inspected
We already saw that with Ukraine.
Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka, Hiroshima, Kobe, Nagoya, Nagasaki, Niigata, Aomori, Sendai, Sapporo, Hakodate, Kumamoto, Fukuoka
The story is that she got married in Luxembourg during official visit
Sure, let's group the South Slav countries together first...
TIL that polish Hussars MAY have been modeled after Serbian Cavalry
I never had any problems while I was in Montenegro.
Only kids' movies and cartoons are dubbed
Listen to the locals talk as much as possible
not only that it's weird, it's also becoming a cliche
That is why it isn't considered a genocide by most countries.
A lot of Serbians moved from Kosovo during our migrations north and Albanians moved in and expelled and cleansed Serbs
Yes, if that person was born in Serbia.
Actually Kingdom of Serbia - Kingdom of Yugoslavia
You sound exactly like how someone less knowledgeable of Serbs would describe a Serb.
Even with Skanderbeg, I don't see how Albania can pull it off.
situation in montenegro is this: 2 people speak identically, yet one speaks montenegrin and the other speaks serbian.
tell that to the other guy, not me who's criticizing it :p
I really understand Baltic states and their fears over russian possible invasion and all, you got to be prepared..
When I was a kid I read somewhere that there was a hairspray (from the US) that wouldn't sell in Germany because it was called hair mist or something and it's supposed to mean manure in German
Sombor - Catfish Pine tree
That's why people who live in remote areas with no functional economy are fucked.
Serbians don't live in Bosnia, Serbs do.
Can you exactly tell me what is wrong with moving migrants away from France?
Yeah actually "secan/secko" is January.
We also like to drop the letter "х" (corresponds to "h" in the latin alphabet) from words, in order to make them shorter.
Felix Romuliana was a complex of palaces and resorts built by Galerius
Go into the world stage and make actual changes and actions in the world and then you can talk about mistakes
I'm not going to comment about Serbia because I don't care, but at least in Greece, marriages between Greeks and muslims/Ottomans were prohibited.
I though that was something all Orthodox Christians did, but it turns out that's a very specific thing unique to our culture
And now we have one entity, who changes bodies every election cycle, but the policies stays the same
Wait, Western
Girls are getting tons of validation in clubs which acts like a drug in their brain.
But we have this stupid "formal enemy" thing going on with Serbia.
Is there something like a ammo production in Serbia ?because they probably are making good cash under the table.
Among young people it'd probably be once, but family and long time friends always kiss in threes when meeting, it's a literal tradition.
So Farage and his band of cool kids basically can either sit there and stfu or not show up
I would like to thank Russia for supporting us throughout the years and Romania for being the only country that we didn't fight against
Been somewhere with my family it was nice
So, during a zoom call to a client in the UK, the lady asked if we have mosquitoes in Serbia
If this didn’t happen, Serbian army would easily won the battle and would kick Ottomans from the Europe, preventing their campaign in the Middle ages
* You tie red string on babys hand/foot for protection of hexes
Don't disturb the Bull Netches you n'wah
Driving and parking in Serbia - survival of the fittest.
I can't tell the difference between trash and the sidewalk
USA, Bulgaria, Belarus, Hong Kong etc
To be honest everyone was working against Hungary in the 1848 revolutions
You have to jump trough so much hoops to get the weapons legally
Singular: хвала ти
let means flight
Absolutism, constitution, absolutism, constitution, we become a kingdom, but then king is sht, and his son is even bigger sht, so we kill him, and bting the other dinasty, then the assassins accidentally start WW1, we win, but then we loose, retreat to Corfu, paybeck time, we win, make yugoslavia, but serbs and croats dont cooperate, so absolutism, then king gets killed, germany wants us in axis, but nope
Huh
Yes, because Serbia equates the EU with a cookie jar not a political union.
90% of the things are imported so take any country prices that makes the products (like usa) and make it 40% more expensive
What do you have against us
We aren't invading anyone, nor are we powerful to do that, nor would we want to.
So many pizza places in Serbia don't put a Tomato sauce on the pizza but give you regular ketchup so you can spread it yourself on the toppings.
While close to 200,000 Serbs and other minorities left Kosovo by 2000, Albanian nationalists were not satisfied.
What do you think most of Serbia feels about *the train*?
We have a similar story in Serbia, but one this one is historically true
Harsh, Rough, Precise and Direct, so yeah kinda like German of Balkan languages all other ex-yu and Balkan languages are noticeably softer
When somebody cuts you off, for example, you beep long at him and he beeps you back, something like an argument in real life.
I don't understand how you people in UK are literally not mass revolting about the railways, I have to commute from Woking to London and the price per year is over £2900.
The Serb migrations are two events almost a millenia after the Slavic settlement of Balkans, in which Serbs retreated from Ottoman held Kosovo and Central Serbia to Hungarian held Vojvodina, because of fear of retaliation for aiding and supporting anti Ottoman forces like Hungary.
New europe is actually the western europe.
This is the easiest way to describe it, I don't know if you'll understand completely, but I hope you get it
Yugoslavia went down the drain because Serbs wanted a Greater Serbia and rule the others as untermensch-slavs, though to a much lesser extent the Croats also wanted a Greater Croatia.
It's marketing wank for something that is better done by doing 4g properly
*kissing in public, holding hands*
yea, we're not really choosers
- "oh wow Siberia must be so cold at this time of the year"
We are actually pretty similar if you leave religion and politics out of the mix, but no one really wants to admit that
That's Mijomir Pelemiš, sadly he works as an infectologist
Sure, you may import (and you already do) some migrants in the meantime from Ukraine, Moldova, Serbia, Albania, Russia, Turkey, etc.
He was just talking about the English word(and all the other to which the word spread).
Only the old people do it in my country.
Turkey, Serbia and Russia are preparing for the looming war in the Balkans
I think that everyone is aware of long lasting Russian-Serbian friendship, so your contribution, as a person that has a diffrent opinion on that matter than most of us, would be great.
How else am I supposed to know the horrible extent to which I'm being underpaid
Also, what did you say about rakija
Thus, while both humanitarian concerns and Serbian political interests would have dictated conciliation and moderation, the Serbian government, motivated by exclusive nationalist and anti-Muslim sentiments, chose expulsion
Otherwise, why is Russia never critical of Serbia?
If you really want to call them a differen name call them Šiprtars
In a Serbian wedding, the bride fights bad luck by hiding garlic in her bosom
Zvolen definitely, specially during the winter
Just 5 in russia
Fills most of the following conditions:
That and Southeast Europe
Thanks Greece for always being on our side and having good food with even better holiday destinations
You should pick up reading on Serbia, instead of making judgement calls based on the media.
Honourable mention of France
In Belgrade as well and its the same for me
Unless people figure out how to stop globalization, it will continue happening.
I don't think it's even at all
(I might be biased though, I'm not certain) However, you won't see [this] or [this] in Serbia, that's for sure.
I don't think there will be a war between us as long as we aren't being too close, because Yugoslavia proved that that's not possible (as of now)
I don't know if those would be Ukrainian loanwords to Russian
"Upadi Albanaca u Srbiju 1879
We trade with Russia because our geopolitical situation demands it.
Why are Turkey, Serbia and Russia so similar?
We already have one planned to
Аустро-угарска (austro-ugarska)
[7] After Austria gained control of northern Serbia andOltenia with the Treaty of Passarowitz in 1718, officials noted the local practice ofexhuming bodies and "killing vampires".[7]These reports, prepared between 1725 and 1732, received widespread publicity
It doesn't. Iirc there was some controversy about it last year, but they ended up not joining
It is *the* point of the democratic deficit, but member states don't want to let it go.
Kosovo is not a separate fucking country
Same, it's important to stay in groups in Florence so they bother you less
No no cmon now, we’re not Ustashe here
Most of people here are behaving like atheists
And schoole books are also in cyrilic
The only thing that makes difference- is religion itself changes from A to B to C.
What
I know a lad who is near the far western part of Austria and he doesn't act like one (aside from drinking beer like a maniac)
For even more protection, the bride should carry a small mirror to frighten demons with their own reflection
I am not on Erdogan's side but let him speak.
Nowdays they lost licence of production to yaffa, and now eurokrem is just black and white misery
Although he is a collaborationist, he wasn't the worst by far
Yes because Serbia did not want to give Kosovo the status of a Republic for this very reason.
At all time high, as far as education goes here, we started some of the most disgusting thing in our history, backed and designed by educated people
if he reported 9 swede crimes and 1 migrant crime he wouldn't be investigated
January 7th
Anyway, my point is: this influence dispute between the US and Russia can either end in war, or the West negotiating with Russia for peace.
Even Vucic cringed, look at his face,almost like hes ashamed
City of Belgrade is located at the southeast side of Danube
Wow Irish sounds like what Elves speak in the witcher universe
Not to mention the fact that the Erdogan administration has once again willingly escalated the conflict with the Kurds to a level about equal to the Kosovan conflict, for which Serbia was bombed to hell.
I didn't know that about Serbia, so I guess that will make things a bit trickier.
Why not backpack through Eastern Europe?
well, besides Štark and Frikom i can't think of any.
Actually, it is even better to be 15 minutes late so you don't create pressure on others to be on time
Ćao, zovem se John
Hell no
*Slovenian*
In the Balkans hospitality is very important, it's expected of the host to take care of the food and the drinks, so yeah probably a cultural thing
Hiding garlic in your bosom:
Nobody is against black blue is just more common
Well, let’s see
Once some dudes transported bodies of 86 Albanians in a truck, some fucked up shit
Luxembourg tiny tax haven
Weak ethnicities die if they do not protect themsleves and their culture.
Warm/pleasant 15 to 30
I don't mean to sound like I'm provoking but Albania would likely have support from local Kosovars but in the end our military superiority would see it through
• Boli me uvo - My ear hurts
**Bosniak** majority parts of serbia, montenegro, croatia to Bosnia - it would include exclaves, but if a proper agreement is made about free travel i dont see a problem.
your nation should work hard to promote *cough*dalits*cough*
I often heard people call it majmunče aka young/small monkey
Milomir Maric admitted himself that he pushed for Karleusa's career on BK TV in the nineties so Ceca wouldn't dominate the market (Ceca being Arkan's - Maric's archnemesis - wife)
You were talking about Vukovar
The loyalest subjects of the Ottomans from these parts were Bosniak Muslims and Albanians (wonder why) Jannissaries were taken as infants and taught they are turks, wouldn't call that loyalty.
Okay then, why would Montenegro see Russia as a threat, has Montenegro ever been threatend by Russia?
I have a few friends from Kosova and I've spoken to them about it quite a bit (Although that may make me a bit biased!) I don't agree with everything the KLA have done, not at all.
In my elementary school I had my English classes right, tho I couldn't wait for breaktimes
So hey, maybe the Serbian government should have stopped when they got a warning from NATO?
A lot of people live at different places than the ones they're officially residing in.
Prior to 1878, the Serbs comprised not more than one half of the population of Nis, the largest city in the region; by 1884 the Serbian share rose to 80 per cent
No, but why what happened on the Ivory coast (or cote d' Azur whatever)?
I listen to a podcast hosted by three Irishman called 80 days about various countries and territories around the world, and Irish regularly show up all over the globe
Everything conducted by Brits and Americans
What about Russia-friendly Serbia?
In English
Jedan slon - one elephant
I didn't expect that fake news/conspiracy theories in Bulgaria and Serbia are so similar, although it makes sense
Utrovački is not well known
In Austria I almolst got ran over by one because it went way too fast and were 100% quiet
They were most eager to start a war in 1914, because they knew that in couple years they wouldn't have a chance against Russia or France even separately.
As for why a majority don't support Catalonia is because Spain is a member of NATO and an EU member and supporting secessionist movements there is counter productive
It's zigzaged
We came back and did the same thing
Unlike spanish or italian, for example, it doesn't change surrounding letters
I think he also had plans to conquer Constantinople and become the succesor of the Byzantine empire
Norway would be third on the list if it were included.
Have to agree with the emotional part
Iz kojeg grada je ekipa
Every letter has it's own sound
Hard to explain
Yes
Lol
Just wanted to tell you
THCF x Coby - Krvavi Balkan
All our racist energy is directed at Albanians
I love NatGeo's stuff, especially during those days of the cold war.
And the EU didn't learn from that
For example, even though Polish and Russian are both Slavic languages, the colours for them are different because the corresponding translations of the word “year” are not based on the same root.
While I totally agree that nationalities are much more important to most then a Pan-European identity would be I'd still say that we are much much closer to each other then Asia is.
Greetings from not so bad Serbia :)
Altho I think these are not the same thing
People start at the very young age
oh boy
Also our cuisine isn't great
Here's the occupation talk
New Belgrade is at the southwest side
How their government denies that genocide took place
Hopefully we'll be independent soon, our president Dodik is the most powerful man in the Balkans.
[Here's the Serbian cover]
Izgubljen kao kuče u liftu - Lost (confused) like a dog in the elevator
Cyrillic for handwriting, and Latin on the computer, phone and Internet mostly
A day while quarantine is:
This is why everything you’ve read about the wars in Syria and Iraq could be wrong
Kosovo and Metohija
The ratio of cars to parking spaces is 20 to 1 in my city
So by your standards, it's okay for Kosovo to secede from Serbia because it doesn't wanna be there, but it's not okay for Northern Kosovo to join Serbia because it doesn't wanna be in Kosovo?
And when the yellow vests were in France we thought it was chaos
It is literally the same language.
What about the  king Franz Joseph
Because it wouldn't be supported by other countries, it would be plain annexation of another country's territory.
During the “Buying the Bride” custom, the groom’s brother will put money in the bride’s shoe and spin in it three times
They used pork as a weapon, they always smile.
Many of Windows programs can be emulated using Wine or PlayOnLinux if one can't find a native linux alternative.
I was mostly referring to the fact that France was a big inspiration in Serbia when it came to organising our society and especially the laws post Ottoman occupation
I just don't get it, why do people always get so upset when they see this guy, yes it is already known that he doesn't like Serbia, but who the fuck actually cares.
Letting Kosovo go isn't on the table
That was evident even when Ukraine was just being formed as a country.
Just wait till they do in Greece what they did in Serbia and attempted doing in Macedonia.
There's no such expression in Serbian i guess.
There are many Romanians with Russian, Serbian, Bulgarian, Hungarian, Gteek, Albanian, or Turkic last names, but they are considered ethnic Romanians, moreso if the spelling is Romanianized, but it's not a requirement.
Have you checked who voted in favor of that resolution?
Look back dude, great Albania included Kosovo.
Germany:Nemačka
That's what the [Eastern Orthodox Catholic] #Name_and_characteristics) Church came up with.
It's worth checking out anyway.
Google translate says: Shred the unleaved (leafless
They are stubborn but quite small and will be persuaded by the other members, if need be.
i don't like it when people demean the Balkans
We like good BBQ and rakia just as much as they do.
We have Bosnians and Serbians who do it for us.
So their "neither of us knew it contained forbidden substances" despite it having a logo on the packaging that says so, is a really weak excuse but it's the only one that possibly saves her carrier.
Here, we don't really have many high quality furniture brands so we can say IKEA is one of the best out there
Sometimes gets more than arkward (straight up attacking each other and shit)
Persecution of Ottoman Muslims also known as the genocide of Muslims refers to the persecution, massacre, or ethnic cleansing of Muslims (most prominently Ottoman Turks) by non-Muslim ethnic groups during the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire.
Class, little break, class, big break, class, little break, class, little break, class, little break, class, go home at around 1:10pm
And to make it worse our version of "buil"(bil") is used in the non-present form even if you've been present at the time...I know it sounds confusing already: Az sum bil (means usually "I was" and not "I've been").
Oh, and some other state, not mine lol
Not to mention all the wars we had
''Leskovački roštilj'' from Serbia.
Plus they all share the same religion.
And lastly, there is a chance of Netherlands blocking it via another bullshit referendum.
I think [that this] is at about the same level as that one
Oh and also I don't think anyone is "pro-Turkey".
For example there is no reason for Serbia and Montenegro to be separate.
Are you sure you aren't just sad that you didn't get to host it
Probably Eastern Serbia (Especially Bor and Zajecar cities)
France needs to stand up now, and be a leading example to western Europe
Most popular singers that people have been listening to recently are the following:
Does this mean they will/might recognise Kosovo and take one tiny part of Kosovo?
I will always have respect for Romania.
Dont be fooled by all of this
Too bad is that it stopped when it reached the highest level, and when Kostunica took over, everything was back where it was and now we are where we are.
The night bus wasn't that comfortable especially since I was seated next to a Serbian giant.
That appears to be what social democratic parties mean when they call themselves socialist today, too - that's what the "Socialists" in Party of European Socialists means, for instance
Or it just gets used in normal conversations as a joke where they tell you that you shouldn't be Vuk Branković.
I can understand Vienna since it's called the same in hungarian, but why is Thessaloniki different, I don't know
What
It's a roman Catholic church destroyed in 1884 revolutions and has since been completely rebuilt
I usually try Prussia or France but recently I've gotten a bit better at the game so i try Russia or the US
&#x200B;
Not creating Yugoslavia, instead take the Serbian majority territories as was offered during the war
Aren't Serbians very pro-Russian and anti-USA?I don't see how they could join unless they change their views considering that the majority of EU members are in NATO and have strong opinions against Russia.
Problem was national identities weren't so strong back than and lot of locals were purposefully assimilated and tortured by Ottoman autorithies
Weirdly enough, most of those companies are like...
So yes if you want to, no if you don't want
Looks like Hungarians and Bulgarians use it as well
Even Serbian statehood day seems controversial lol.
Serbs perished in this war as much as others.
pointing finger is impolite everywhere i think.
Seriosuly though, if Serbs in Bosnia can't get along with Bosniaks, why would i want to live in the same country?
I don't need to read a book to know that islam should be erradicated completely.
Serbs seem to be creating problem though.
It is just Serbs complaining as always....
He's a Serbian who's lived here for more than a decade.
You know quite well what am I talking about.
Vodka , da comrade leader
A very unique Serbian wedding custom is the “Buying of the Bride”, where the bride is sold by her own brother, and bought by the groom
Why can't you just simply gas them like in the good ol' days?
Serbia and croatia will kill each other like they always do
I become more toxic
The part where we were an Empire
They are actually really friendly towards Serbs probably because we speak very similar language
It's a bit soulless, I admit, but it looks nice
yup,Montenegro has 24 opened chapters vs Serbia's 4 open chapters without counting the issues with Kosovo
I can understand people wanting to have at least 3 children due to graying of Europe but cmon 7 is too much
Kosovo is Serbia and will always be Serbia, until such a time that it legitimately and legally achieves its "independence."
> Я есть хлеб
I literally don't know how would you translate it
Because nazis use labeling as a tool as well to disqualify people and their opinions and so do they he is a nazi his opinion doesn't count
How are the Baltic states Central Europe
Thanks Russia for supporting us in the UN
"Bogu iza nogu" Behind God's legs
Austro-Ugarsko carstvo
serbians are very split on most opinions, so that's hard.
I am maybe little annoyed by gay parades, but we came to solution for this.
Works for a lot of other countries too
Lmao i guess
It's that dimension from Minecraft, am I right
Deutschland	uber alles
Now, Ukraine is suddenly our bff and our greatest ally.
Unlike spanish or italian, for example, it doesn't change surrounding letters
Wow that is fascinating I had no idea the č ć distinction was a problem for Croatians
I can say every person that is not directrly from Serbia cannot speak our language completely right
Now when that bites them in the ass, they seek understanding and compassion from their customers who have nothing to do with that market
If you think Ottomans are the only thing that ties Serbs and Greeks together, start doing some research, you have google.
Legit this news is making us also afraid with our problem with some attacks from immigrants, myself included as I was one too almost
For example there has been a survey recently about it in Serbia.
In poor, not so well, but the alternative would have only been worse (for the people)
Although in Serbia -ov surname is rare (we add additional -ić), it would be grammatically correct to add -a for female although in Serbia we don't.
I meant that Albanians and Gorani people makes the best burek, icecream and sweets by far
I know, I'm saying I knew what it meant before reading this text
Greece, Cyprus, Romania, Slovakia and Spain say Kosovo is part of Serbia.
The fact that Russia still thinks that some democratic, sovereign ex-USSR countries are still in Russia's sphere of influence says everything how paranoid and screwed up Russia's foreign policy is.
NLA literally got their asses kicked.
The whole western world
Felt it in Serbia, I hope that there are no casualties and that everyone is okay
I think the generational conflict was much bigger 30,40+ years ago
I find china fascinating too (along with some other eastern asian countries)
I was under the impression that your students are being thought false facts.
Positively - the  Ceaușescu solution is often brought up when people try to figure out what to do with our politicians
When we go there and visit my wifes family, she used to talk about quitting smoking (she has since quit) and they were shocked and would say 'why, your so young'.
I much prefer the Murals in Belgrade, some organization started paiting the Old City run down houses with notable people and their quotes, which was amazing.
Im not sure, just guessed based on posts
well yes, but no one uses that as nickname, niko is word for no one
It's an AP photo
I live in south-eastern Serbia and it used to snow much more like 10 years ago
A government which simply doesn't care about the people it governs.
This stream gained international attention as well as provoking strong controversies within Yugoslavia
And who do you think that will bring Serbia closer to EU Accession?
2006/now-Just Serbia
granted, older people will always assume that you're interested in each other but assuming things is their job
So, no
Is that backwards peace sign really a serious insult in Britain?
Thats awesome and creepy as hell in the same time :D
An ethnic group is a social construct, and yes, religion has influenced the formation of the ethnic group, but it is also tied to Bosnia as a country, thus making Bosniaks Bosnian muslims, not Serbian or Croatian
European subreddit should be screaming to exterminate Albanians Bosniaks and Croats and give moral if not other support to poor innocent Serbs
My Great-grandmother who's from Croatia always said grah and as a kid that confused the hell out of me I thought she was speaking a different language
Now you finally realize why pro-Russian and Serbian nationalist media is pushing for ultra-autochauvinism and pro-Europeanism, it is intended to create fight or flight response
Serbs expect economical miracle when joining, but it might take years to see effects.
Yep, I think it's like that, not sure why you're downvoted.
In conclusion I may not be the best example, but I could say with considerable certainty (also knowing some of my colleagues renting situations) that **majority cannot save more than 100~150€/m, and a lot of people saves nothing
it's a group of fruit brandies
Ketchup flavor is similar to it and better
The thing is that Serbia is second by number of guns per person and they have one of the very lowest murder rates out of
I mean, they already do have bases in surrounding countries.
Oj junaštva svijetlo zoro
Zaragoza
I personally shower at least once per day, but I can't know for a majority of people
Serbia is probably a decade away regardless.
Can confirm
And they were speaking in a common language.
you must be new here then, ethnicity is discussed very often :p
Russias stay in Serbia for Slavic Brotehrhood meeting to be extended an additional 6 days
Congratulations are in order
Slovenský brat rozumie
- I f*ck your burning sun
[Discussion] Which European country is the most racist and why?
I have a
If you see him, you know
It's gorgeous country
Meanwhile, on Serbian news (x-post /r/gifs)
Puca mi kurac - my dick is popping (can also be used like this: *snapping fingers* "do you hear that
You made like 100 comments in that thread trying to bash Croatia and spread Serbian lies and propaganda.
He didn't include the "as long as" which implies I don't care if it's the criminals suffering, not the innocents.
The most significant one of serbian origin is [Nordeus]
Well considering that there are a shitton of economic refugees from Serbia that came to your country, I'd say that we are good.
copyright is a pain as you can tell let alone lines of code
Serbian front had been discussed there several times at length.
Sure they got Kosovo, but thats more because US & NATO Politics
I can relate
In Serbia almost every young person knows English, but also a good amount of them German, since both are taught in schools (and they are mandatory), and how I heard from tourists they didn't had any problems with communication in English
Nearly half of all Serbians support EU accession
So in that way there is some kind of continuity throughout all the languages.
This is getting out of control
They also have to take them in no matter what the refugees want.
Here's to hoping Greece, Serbia and Montenegro help out if anything like this happens.
They only responded to a Serbian provocation in a pretty predictable way.
the words are changed but the tune itself is the same
Political union is where I draw the line.
This is the only possible route
Its hard af
Some other guy posted the link to few videos connecting Biden with anti-Serbian sentiment
> What do you mean
Do all (or most) Russian nationalists have a unified view of the USSR
Of course, before that in the early 1700s it was Crimean, but Crimeans were invaders too, I don't see why they should hold the original claim.
It's also a compulsory subject in school (or at least it was when I visited).
Is it because you live in the Eiffel Tower
Yes it is
• Zvižde mi jaja - My balls are whistling
You're always welcome
It's a cultural thing
We don't have motivation for anything, not to plant trees
They all drive TAS VW Golfs 1s and barebone diesel Golf 2s.
I truly believe we are all the same, so we should act like it.
That's why I specified that I was talking about combat roles.
Also Montenegro and Serbia, Miquelon et Saint-Pierre and Slovakoczechia :D
I knew it was Bismarck before clicking the link lmao
If you drive, don't forget to buy highway toll stickers for Austria and Slovenia.
I don't wanna squeeze out ten babies in a bankrupt, destitute country to improve goddamn natality rates
There is an enormous gap between this internet usage of a language and the real deal
I don't understand Kaykavian at all.
Intentionally lying about your country of origin and nationality to the authorities is and should be harshly punishable.
Inna has been around even longer
The cringey part is that is the point that the SANU memorandum was released, which accused the government of economically hurting Serbia.
I used to romanticize France, learn french, watch french movies and listen to french music
Russia
Are they
Monkey [serbian - manki]
Mayor of Belgrade's corruption after his ex-wife confessed about all of his schemes to the press.
To be fair, they use camo because army surplus is cheap as fuck, warm and of high quality.
Instead you can read about [25000 Albanians being wiped out during the First Balkan War] with some credible sources
I know only the beginning of it but not the rest.
What I'm trying to say is that we have to look from Russians or Serbians perspective, to understand what they feel.
"Ko se nije sakrio, magarac je bio" - The one that didn't hide is a donkey
Was banned from /r/croatia for saying that the country needs some proper denazification.
I love Christmas and Christmas stuff and love to see store selling it
If it gets too bureaucratic and expensive, they'll just pack up and leave.
Some factory probably exploded badly when got hit with depleted uranium
We got [this] flying pretty much next to our flag, the EU flag and sometimes the [Byzantine-Palaiologos one] in churches that are under the Patriarchy of Constantinople.
People in the Balkans wishing for another war have obviously never fought in one (nor did I)
Serbians were on a different level
In our tales Vuk Branković betray Kneza(idk translation of Knez) Lazara but he did not betray him
If you were to ride in our public transportation you would hear a lot of sorry's. The one bad thing is that we are one of Europes greatest smokers
I don't see any major power following international law really.
Yeah
And people need to fight for their beliefs and against corruption outside the elections.
Well, I didn't know that
Chetnik is used as a offense in Croatia, in Serbia it refers to the Chetnik Royalists, in Croatia it is the fake Chetniks of the 90s.
How does Serb speak such good English?
Shit
Yeah that's another extreme situation.
UN res 1244, Serbian constitution
Some people's names in šatrovački become nicknames
Let's also be honest, translating stuff to Croatian would require only a relatively small amount of effort and resources due to how similar the languages are, but Serbian educational authorities were unwilling to extend even that minimal amount of goodwill until now.
Tito
It's only hypocritical through a very certain worldview, while I support Russia owning Crimea and Serbia owning Kosovo, I think you'll find NATO interventions in both are consistent.
And China gives less but not as money, as they know how to work with corrupt officials
Almost third of them are Albanians, and other 10 % are Serbians, which I suppose means opportunistic Gypseys of theirs.
dude, she's trying to imply the society treats them as if they are
Our government is so incompetent they can't even do corruption right
I can go on for days, but this is basically in a nutshell
A similar deal was made with Russia for their MiG-29 donation that was announced a couple of weeks earlier.
It's fun nonsense though, and it really works in Serbian
for what they did to Hagia Sophia, so 11th after that
A lot of people put ketchup or mayo on top of their pizza here
I do think Orbán has plans for making some cind of "Central European block" with Central European and Balkan countries
[insert country name] are bigger [insert country name 2] than [insert country name 3]
Who in the Serbian Parliament is responsible for genocide?
At the same time they also got and repaid bank loan which they used to build a summer vacation house
Because of these nice people I always wanted to go to Serbia, now it almost happened 9 years over this but one day I will go definately.
Objasnio sam ja gore
Not to mention it at least officially served as the main excuse for the Serbians to start the war
Depends, some parties have places where parents can sit and chat other times they just drop off the kid
I also like Spanish and Portuguese
Of course we declined and continued fighting for independence, Russia pulled out of the war and in the end we had even less rights than before the uprising
With the MSM and the DNC visciously against him, and still being very close to winning (in spite of rigging *cough* Brooklyn)
TIL luxemburg has its own language
They are formally not "taking sides".
Weren't so defensive when they were bombing Belgrade
Cyrilic and latin are bought accepted (guverment papers need to be in cyrilic)
But when it comes to sex, no one can tell me shemales are "women who happen to have a penis".
> Croatian (and Serbian
We call it in Rs/BiH *Crazy A*  (Ludo a)
I don't have any suggestions for my country
You only have burek
Znas seljacino zivim u Beogradu, 6.
They have a good infrastructure and it would be further stabilisation of the Balkans.
You can't rely on these people to objectively do their task.
And the tracksuit thing pertains to all Slavs, not just Russians
They are not only internal issues, if Ukraine becomes a NATO member things will escalate even more.
We are having a bad migrant crisis and it started about 2 weeks ago
Fuck em
In Serbia it is nessesary to learn serbian, english and/or french/german/russian (really depends on school and region where ur school is but learning russian now is rare, nevertheless, you learn 2 foreign languages guaranteed)
However Serbian media were also in pisspoor state when Tadic was in power, but western media was almost entirely silent about it.
There is no way this can be a *victory* for either side.
Our current president
They don't have much to cling on to, so they like to have their stunts to prop themselves up.
Most people don't know what double boot is.
If territorial integrity was so important why was Serbia divided ?
Lmao this same exact thing happened in my home as well
The USA/NATO
Iceland went all in with their coat of arms: Bull, eagle, dragon, old man.
We use Židov in Croatian language.
Serbs in bosnia exist because Serbs fleeing Ottomans migrated to Bosnia slowly, and started to gain numbers.
Is it easy for you to pronounce it, or is it also a bit challenging
Serbia removed kebab but also the algebra.
Of course
Mislim da su ta 2 dovoljna mada ovaj drugi je glavni razlog.
Looks small, is really big
This later changed and Austria took the whole peninsula.
When the prime minister was informed it was already too late at that point, he issued the orders to stop the co-conspirators from crossing the border but the orders weren't carried out, because those men were loyal to the Black hand leader.
Bruh, if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all
Roman - novel
again
Every letter match the certain sound
They put Serbia in the new Civ?!
Before the wedding day, the Buklijas, a young man from the groom’s side, will invite guests over to drink from “the special flask”. This flask is called the Buklija
Poor guys, their war only lasted 10 days, didn't even had a chance to ethnic cleanse.
Serbia would be a great addition.
The report’s authors singled out places such as Serbia, Croatia and Romania – all either recent additions to the EU or in the process of joining – as examples of countries that have made enormous progress over the past decade.
Well, I'm not 100% sure that I don't know anyone who would support Serbia's accession to the EU, but whenever I find myself in a conversation concerning politics, I only hear people condemning the idea of Serbia joining the EU.
Synchronization is a work of the devil
The end of WWI is remembered as one of the most glorious moments in our history, not only did we defend our honour, but earned freedom for other countries still in shackles of foreign empires.
So now the local companies pay taxes, while the Serbian one doesn't
Okay, they're probalby not called child protection services, they're called social services
No, packages are delivered directly to you and if you're not home they leave it at the post office where you have to retrieve it from
The EU only requested normalisation in relations which is a viable thing
No one made them enter the Chinese market
"Na Drini ćuprija" has been recommended to me by my father, now you reminded me that I have not read it yet.
2: Belgrade - Nis
I was on Corfu this summer, the city and the whole island is beyond beautiful
That makes sense, thanks
The six-day armed drills in Serbia, dubbed "The Slavic Brotherhood 2016," began Thursday.
People from Eastern Europe are often perceived as lower class citizens by their western counterparts and sometimes openly discriminated against.
At one point everything was so bad that instead of salaries they were giving workers half rotten pig's meat, powdered milk, 10 year old laundry detergent and worthless coupons
plot twist: Serbia is working really hard to unite all of Balkans, and the only way that is possible is if everybody hates Serbia.
US and Yugoslavia were always allies during WWII so when Clinton attacked Serbia, it was really surprising.
I know a lad who is near the far western part of Austria and he doesn't act like one (aside from drinking beer like a maniac)
"Serbian family tree" posters in Vukovar, showing a tree with hanging bodies.
I've noticed that those who wear clothes with logos are those who try to imitate the current american hip hop style in which the dudes try to flex their money
They could have placed their base in Romania, Bulgaria, Greece, Croatia or Bosnia at this time.
>(Ze is for the earthquake that destroys everything)
There's also utrovački where it goes:
I was about to make a comment, maybe even mention something on the topic of the origin of the cyrillic script, but then I remembered who you were :) and even as I am writing this I ask myself why didn't I just scroll on and leave you to it, why did I even give you the time of day but it might be too late to back out now, send help i don't know what to do cyka blyaaat
what a shame
You guys are all speaking the same language and share a cultural heritage
American media did (is doing?) a pretty good job shouting about all of the stuff we did, so i can't honestly add anything you don't know.
While both security concerns and the exclusive nationalist ideology influenced the government's policies, there was also some Serbian resistance to the 'cleansing' of the Albanians
The Latin script
We get absolutely nothing
Think Russian model od curruption but on a scale that it's public and nobody even denies it
The police caught the guys, but the cauldron was smashed and sold as used copper for scrap metal
I'm much more interested in getting the Gladio blacksites out of Europe
the people who were speeding will continue speeding because the reprecussions are the same and some people who weren't speeding will begin speeding because now they have an extra option
So instead of minced paprika, people tend to say Aleva paprika for every minced paprika they see
Љ љ | LJ lJ |Not similar to anything (Say L (like in word Let) followed fast by  J ( and thats pronaunced like Y in You)
Belgrade university
Miloš Obrenović was an enormous asshole of a man,for example, but he was an extremely good politician and diplomat- suppose that's how it goes.
From my experience, guys here go out primarily just to get drunk with their buddies.
Vechnaya Pamyat
In 1909, Serbian intellectual Jovan Hadži-Vasiljević explained that the major motivation for the 1878 deportation was also to 'create a pure Serbian nation state' by 'cleansing' the land of the non-Christians, as 'the great Serbian poet Njegoš argued'. Hadži-Vasiljević was here interpreting Njegoš rather loosely, as Njegoš work focused on the Slavonic Muslims and not on Albanian Muslims
UK, France, Spain, Andorra, Switzerland, Belgium, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Ireland, Italy, Monaco, Vatican, San Marino, Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Iceland, Austria, Liechenstein, Hungary, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro, Albania, Macedonia, Greece, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Part of Turkey, Part of Russia, Romania, Malta, Moldova, Belarus, Cyprus, Portugal, Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia.
I don't actually know that much about 'the issue' but I've always found it interesting.
(Found this in r/youshouldknow)
Ireland is top 5 in the world I believe.
On the one hand, when you look at Croats, they can go overboard with calcing and translating words and creating their own to keep the language pure, but on the other, fuck me if all these loanwords aren't annoying.
We are able to speak or write words with backward-ordered consonants, like “travel = veltra “ and we are able to understand (younger generations at least) what word was it
As someone who lives in Eastern Serbia, i don't even know why i even thought about learning it
Kosovo is independent
>He wanted to show his son, that people my age do work here in Denmark
I must admit he could've performed better, but nevertheless his business is similar to market success.
[Cathedral of the Assumption of Mary] in Kragujevac
I was going to just say "well, obviously Serbia isn't joining"...but it looks like there was some friction with Russia over how after the Russian sanctions on Poland were put in place, Serbia-grown apple exports to Russia promptly increased by 50%, and I assume that it's relevant as regards relabeled apples.
Dunno about CZ or Baltic, but Turkish medical facilities are waaaaay better than those we have here in Serbia.
i have impression i know better what is happening there than in Serbia, I started feeling being American, especially at this time of NBA playoff
>For instance my friend was thrown out of a store in croatia because she used the serbian word for bread (unintentionally)
Hello new neighbours
As long as Turkey and Greece both are in NATO - war is impossible.
How would you transport 5000 cars from Portugal to Switzerland for example?
I don't think we have rich people here
There's a niche of left wing populists that romanticise Leka Ranković and Krcun, two communist leaders who had Serbian nationalist leanings
It's true that ethnically speaking, they probably weren't 'as Greek' as the south considering that it's a borderland between Hellas and Thrace and Illyria, but culturally they were Greek, they just weren't as developed in terms of politics but that doesn't mean that they formed a distinct 'nation'.
He is the least popular in Croatia, the most in Bosnia, and the mixed in Serbia.
What's an air heat pump
I don't think we have people who speak pure Serbian as their first language, however, we have a bunch of areas in the west with the [Torlakian] dialect, which is between Serbian and Bulgarian.
Little did they know, it didn't and now they're angry at their own stupidity.
Balkan history is deeply correlated with it's geostrategic position, which was between (at the time) powerful Middle East and Western Europe
Ahhhh man I hate playing S&D on this map
Tito
That it was a historically very mixed region, which at the start of the 20th century had a well documented by Ottoman sources Bulgarian majority of around 60%, large Turkish minority of around 20% and the remaining 20% predominantly Jews, Serbs and Greeks.
Skendi, Stavro (1967b)
I don't live near the border and my region is pretty poor, but I had free options to choose additional languages (French, Spanish or Italian) along with English and German that we already had in the curriculum.
Oh and he also supported the Austrians and continued the war in the Netherlands just to create some more debt.
Serbia, it's my own country but it has nice shape
So Albanians have a right to split away from a larger country (Serbia).
This is all a 4 year process
Yeah about that pan-slavic country idea
No, it wouldn't necessarily be like the Russian one, it was an agreement to use those three colors, the pattern was not defined, which is why Czechia and Serbia have different patterns.
World War
To be honest its not so bad guys
Srebrenica Massacre Trial Opening Postponed in Serbia
Sorry for rant i just fucking hate that game (its littery pain to play it with sound)
It's weird, this is the first country I know of that has a fictional creature as a national animal.
So calls between Serbia (+381) and Kosovo (+383) are local and charged at local rate, not international rate.
System isn't working, current gov created this situation and crisis in EU
Check Google Classroom if there are any tasks we need to do
Attacking Bulgaria for no right reason in 1885
We still have a crown on our flag
Saudi Arabia is well known for spreading extermist Islam to the Balkans.
a i to sto kazes
What makes British Conservatives Center-Right rather than Right?
I can bring the ćevapi and pljeskavica
Belgrade included in BBC's top 5 artistic cities or something article (rare for us to get positive media coverage)
montenegro and greece, then romania.
I was thinking of singers like Ines Erbus.
The parliament is made up from the ruling party and it doesn't work
How about just recognize the fact that 99% of Bosniaks are Serbian muslims that speak the language of their Serbian forefathers?
Serbia tried to ethnically cleanse Albanians from the region.
4 on Richter scale, VII-VIII on Mercalli scale), over €100mil in damage
Why would Kosovo care if Serbia does or doesn't approve it?
You can't stop moving goal posts and avoiding discussion
It's kind of traditional opportunism of the presidents and other politicians to promote Croatian products when possible, so this was kind of political faux pass on Grabar-Kitarović's part, probably wouldn't get so much media attention if said chocolates were Polish or Czech.
Problem is not the color of their skin
So if a part of Russian territory with different ethnic groups, has problems with economy, society and religion Russian government does not know what Chechen populations wants?
Dora teaches Spanish in Serbia if I remember correctly
Lithuania closer to China than Latvia and Estonia.
What about Bosnia, Serbia, Macedonia and Montenegro?
Being there after seeing it in history books is an experience in it's own
:) And about your comment that it's a war that Serbia will lose, God Forbid, if theres a war between Kosovo and Serbia again, now,when geopolitics have changed and Russia and China have some military/diplomatic pull, NATO wouldn't dare interfere now, and Kosovo has no standing army.
Funny, I would have said the same thing about you, Serbia.
All of our trains are completely silent because most of them are not functional or, if they are, they cannot go faster than 50 km/h, so you really do not need a quiet coach
Here it was very frowned upon because of its name.
Our surnames came from the name or profession of one person from distant past
Although I'm thankful I didn't have to learn it in school, as it was a pain in the ass for everyone
We've had cable since i can remember
Both Nazadnjaci and SRS belong to anti-colonialist parties, the difference being that Vucic side belongs to left-wing progressive while Seselj belongs to more right nationalist wing
But our passports are way cooler with those like anthem lyrics noticable in the light
Budimpešta [Будимпешта]
Tax football more
Russian doesn't have a standard latin script
Then it gets really embarassing, once some lady had to guide my hand to remind me of damn cursive T.
8652] [doi] p. 60
In fact, when you say that way death seems calm and peaceful, who wouldn't want to go whistle to crabs
Had the exact same thought
While close to 1 million Albanians and other minorities were forced to leave Kosova by 1998, Serbian nationalists were not satisfied.
And Serbia, and Hungary...well you get the point.
The demographics switched with Albanians becoming the majority around the beginning of the 20th century, after that the biggest problems were oppression and birth rates.
So the moral of the story....let's invade Iceland?
Throw into the mix Croats, Slovenes and Albanians that were still ruled by Austria - Hungary when wave of nationalism striked Europe, lot of ethnically mixed regions which are claimed by multiple nationalities, and it's obvious why there were (and still are) so many disputes and clashes in the region
Edit: Found it, I meant on this:
That law is fucked
Read the whole comment next time
It is Erdogan and his goons that are calling the Dutch and German government Nazis.
The transferred villagers were forced to convert over to Islam
Blue 100% people would either have only blue pencils or pencils with all the colors (red, black, green
The title is kind of misleading.
\- We're freaking tall
Btw I have a Serbian friend and ex-classmate from Srpska.
My favorites are Serbia and Sweden
E) even police was some thimes checking if poppy plants where sliced (you slice them with razor and inhale it to get high)
I know this can be done with French passports, but don't know if it applies to all EU passports.
Freezingly cold anything below -15
Nanu ti naninu
But it is absolutely the duty of Kosovo to preserve them for future generations.
The museums and palaces that have been ransacked by the Bolsheviks look absolutely stunning now.
Anyways, there's ten elderly people living in this village and they make their livings making rakija.
Yes, Voki toki, guess witch word is that
English because the translations suck
I think it doesn't look bad, but can't compare to the original
I wonder how deep we have to go into the leagues and how much of a shitty player you have to be to earn less than an educated scientist
This increased Austrian fears about Serbia’s military's influence on the Serbian government as the Serbian military’s officer corps was Austrophobic.
Again
Also, if f-ing Estonia and Greece (!) can pay up then I can bet my arse that so can every other NATO member.
As far as I think, good riddance!
And that is the main problem
But our passports are way cooler with those like anthem lyrics noticable in the light
I guess that would be correct geographically, but does that make sense culturally?
I know a few more names but I think they are districts of Tokyo, also is Himeji a city as well
No, not one medal, two gold medals.
People who live in Istria and Dalmatia can understand Italian too.
Serbian language is mainly divided to 3 dialects
Nice
Also one great grandfather fought in WW1 for Austro-Hungary I believe, I think he was sent to the Italian front
I disagree, the lyrics even confirms they are distinct states, and not belong to Serbia in any way.
After 3 shots you start speaking Serbian fluently.
He formed the New Model Army, the strongest and most modern military force at the time.
Because conference in Brussels was finished couple hours ago.
Meaning one letter always has exactly one corresponding sound (which is also one of the unique features)
If I am writing by hand I start first word cyrillic, than on the middle of third word switch to latin and by fifth I am writing english and than end up writing english pronunciations in Cyrillic
Yeah you're right, the way I said it looked like they had much choice
Clear agenda pushing, isn't this against the rules
Jebem ti mater
It seems like it's a real part of the culture
That is accepting the reality and trying to get something more from the situation instead of letting it drag you down
Its kimdof ironic when you think aboit it
Montenegro seems to be perfectly fine as addition.
One of which is fully phonetical
4 dollars per liter so not so good
Maybe but we still need to invest in some more content, this is practically in the middle of nowhere
Serbia is a massive hostage situation.
Your comment is a vulgar generalisation of history.
Not even a croissant to go with it like the French.
Not Trump, not Putin, your liberal government
The exception is, obviously, fish
But there is also, fasting "on wather" you eat only what can be pepaird in wather (so just boiling food and no frying), And think some monks dont eat anything other then bread and wather
You can understand some Bulgarian, Russian, Ukrainian, Macedonian and probably Czech
That Germans were unpleasant and cold
Albania I'd say
In Serbian it's "mošnica"
You're claiming that the 'entire Bosnian discord' went and brigaded some thread with no proof.
no, but your comment simply wasn't sarcastic - it was ironic so it was **ironic** when you asked me if i knew what sarcasm was hehe
After emerging from the mud of the bottom of the river, adults only have a few hours to mate before they die with the sunset
I don't think that it's up for use.
I can usually differentiate people from Bosnia and sometimes from Croatia
No, we’re not in Siberia
Lenin died in 1924
Albanians only got majority a very short time ago and only appeared there in the 14th century and until the 1800s Serbs outnumbered them more than 10 to 1
2010 Kraljevo earthquake (5
Fuckers, get us in before we start killing each other again.
Rakija, the taste depends of which fruit it is made out of
I'll try to put something useful
For Serbia: president ia an incopentent straight man, prime minister is an incompetent lesbian woman
Still an important battle nonetheless
Also, you can be as specific as you want.
Hopefully the one with Serbia so the border fence would have to be moved lol
States seem to be doing just fine.
On topic of wiki i always wondered why does serbocroatian one exist
Can we go back to the topic at hand?
I lived in Italy for years and basically all the tourists or foreigners complain how Italians drive.
The plastic bags and the ice cream box full of sarma is a thing here too
The whole Union should be ashamed of itself
Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian and Montenegrian are all standards of that language.
Trust me, I understand statistics.
Am I the only one who thinks the opposite
Hello new neighbours
I also like your craft beer scene
Someone can "roar", "throw away the spoon" or "go to marble village". But my favourite is "hit the ground with your d***"
We're nuts
I've seen people with serbian/croatian surnames (ending in - vić or - ić), so I wounder if they can keep thair name's spellings
I don't think it will ever secede, but denying its existence will only help it.
basically, we make fun of each other whenever we have a chance
Thats how you say czech in well czech
Also, just because Kosovo can't put up a fight, it doesn't mean it has to let Serbia push them around.
Sorry, my mistake, I didn't translate it well but I was thinking of kingdom of Hungary
Turbofolk is usually what we call the 'pop folk' music of Serbia.
The only real solution is to split the country and let each group go their own way.
Suleiman took Belgrade by force and it had nothing to do with Serbs, the city was part of the Kingdom of Hungary...
For example China buys 1 of ours factories for like around $55mil but people here see that and think positively about it, same for railways
Yet if you live in one country in EU, you can easily work and live in another
Faking stuff like this
But still those languages are similar enough that we can understand each other
... They don't say anything out of politeness plus they don't know of it much
Think T-72A with a better fire control system.
You might as well just build a pipeline in the Baltic sea to import the alcohol from Estonia.
Don't even get me started on the immunity his people have (a son of his main propaganda guy literally killed a girl with his car and ran away and got a couple months of HOUSE ARREST), the corruption, fixed public tenders, the policies, the way he spends public money, the constant blatant lies, the non existent freedom of press (currently our only free tv network is N1, an affiliate of CNN they can't control)
Is it Putin's or is it a palace of President of Russia
There is a resurgence of Ortodox church and religion in the last decade, but I think most of those people are cultural Ortodox
NATO stopping Serbian/Kosovar genocide between each other is somehow worse than Russians protecting criminals who ran over un-armed Lithuanians during January Events.
I kon iwaroll sei, ollawei, und i hau da auf iwa 700 ortn dei gfriss ei, und des netamol mit meiner Steyr AUG.
I'd really like to know how you guys perceive people from other countries/regions in terms of closeness.
We belong to Croatia/Serbia/Bosnia/Albania region and supermarket chains can't just go and say 'now we want to be in the Austria/German region'.
Err, you are the one cherry-picking my words.
I think the Serbian adaptation of the cartoon is absolutely spot on in all regards
Ako zive sa roditeljima otac slavi, oni je tek preuzimaju nakon sto se ozene i isele (osim onog sto zivi sa njima)
Extremely
I live in part of city where every elevator is built during communist times
People who need to know English they do know it, for example managers and cashiers, but regular people rarely
Can't we all just enjoy sports?
I would go full raming speed here
Ceausescu is gonna rise from the dead to make Romania great again!
I work with an IT company from Crimea, colleague from there said that the vast majority of people did want to join Russia after Kiev square event.
Bush didn't know in the first place
EU accession has nothing to do with NATO lol.
I can understand people wanting to have at least 3 children due to graying of Europe but cmon 7 is too much
Only one :(
However, if the glass stays intact, a girl will be birthed
Well i don't really mind i don't need English to understand Croats and Bosnians maybe Macedonians but for everyone else English is a good neutral language with which we can all communicate, plus i like English language, it's one  beautiful bastard tongue which makes it perfect to be our universal language
I think former Belgrade mayor had some shady dealings connected to your government
Oh hey, let me just chime in to say that my city used to be called Maria-Theresiapolis:
Yeah, continue to add out of context bullshit, let's forget Russia foreign policy from 1991 to 2008 also *without* considering USA and NATO foreign policy in the same years, right?
But raping others is perfectly fine.
I really wonder how still the majority of Serbians think of Russia as an "Orthodox brother-ally".That's like medieval mentality.
Which I never disputed ( I said that we are realistically 30 years away from EU ) nor it was a part of our conversation
I also have some relatives that were Chetniks/partisans in WW2
And people still wonder why europeans dont like americans
Ok the Balkans are the best by far
[This] [this] [this] (Aunty has a wonderful boy for you
That’s a combination of two languages
Serbia is the original modern anti imperial ethno-cultural state the opposite to the French model
The best marhapörkölt (hungarian specialty) anyone can ever eat is made from this bull's meat.
Now after seeing this and realizing even with so much proof, nothing will happen, do you still think we don't have a dictator
Oooooohhhh now i get it
Serbia and Montenegro expect date 2020-2022
I took the quotes above from [this translation] by Vasa D.
I wouldn't find it offensive I'd think they're just trying to make me understand
The man definitely lacks a vision.
you gotta get yourself something like this:
I agree
I was obsessed with the show even if I was confused most of the time
Easy one,Croatia
" and such
Chocolate
Provaljeni smo, svi bezite nazad na r/srbija.
Lol a Serbian preaching others about war crimes.
Italy and France have their own capitals, but I'd say Germany is a definite Capital of automotive industry
>4 genders
I'm just learning Serbian and Croatian simultaneously at the moment and the grammar certainly is not completely different.
So now the EU wants to join our stronk Serbian union?
point is to post someone from your country, you said rita ora, to which I said she's from the USA.
LPT: Don't stick your dick in crazy.
And I do not blame people thinking he was Croatian cause Niko can be a Croatian name lol
I might have gotten something wrong, I don't watch Sponge Bob
Belgrade is the same but I think our guy will develop into a megaturd, might just become worse
However would anyone of you give me an example that really stands out in terms of fake news or outright made up lies that was on the main page of RT?
So no, I'm not under the influence of Russian propaganda, I'm just being realistic in how this conflict of power can end.
Yet if you live in one country in EU, you can easily work and live in another
Delete your browsing history with cookies also, use an extension for your browser if you want to avoid adverts.
If US and UK ambassadors support the idea, there may be a chance for proper diplomatic relations.
Though it does get very polluted during winter which is something you cant ignore
To be honest, I totally get that
What is the difference at all between a Montenegrin and a Serb in that sense?
N. Macedonia, Montenegro
RS merging with Serbia would mean plenty of problems coming from Croats and Bosniaks which live in Bosnia, as well as Croats which live in Croatia - I doubt they'd be fine that we are getting a part of Bosnia, while they aren't getting anything.
I have a pretty positive experience with them, I have a chair from them (it costed around $140) and the build is just excellent
They could've successful enough to live a very comfortable life by sticking to just normal markets, instead, because of their greed, they've sunk to this depth of shame
Some acknowledge it as a clear example of a genocide some don't.
You should do an AMA
That's really something unheard of, since he has been always extremely supportive and friendly to Russia and Putin.
Meanwhile, the 3rd largest party in the Serbian parliament
If he was still alive he would understand the difference between closed-circuit television of a public space and (for example) the kind of surveillance that occurs in China
But the government is pro Eu if you didn't notice...
The "ius primae noctis" wasn't a thing in the Ottoman empire.
All the Portuguese have wind covers
I have never heard of a Persian family disowning their daughters for marrying an infidel or leaving Islam.
A lot of friendships were forcefully broken up that day
FATALITY
Cheap and quite popular because of it
I wonder what the rate is for the Hungarian diaspora in general.
That is both incredibly wrong and contributes nothing to the thread.
I really don't know why it was like that.
Croatians hate Serbians because of the war and leeching during Yugoslavia, Serbians hate Croatia because they want Greater Serbia (and they are maybe a bit jelous because we are doing better, although we are both poor).
Merde baguette
>german speaking countries, we are highly aware that we were part of the baddies in WW2
Don't forget Sandokan and Kasandra
Yeah, all 150 years of it
That's why they want to be independent and form Great Albania
Kosovo intervention was our, it was supported by our politicians so we were right in our opinion.
So many countryballs that are not countries whats up with that
Vučić?
We mention it, but don't go into details
I would contribute with the best of [Croatian] [Serbian] and [Bosnian] pop
2/13/2017 France on course to break EU budget rules
Interesting irrelevant detail: the mayor of Rotterdam is a Moroccan immigrant and a practicing Muslim.
Comparing to english spelling writing/ spelling in french is a piece of cake
Ppl there are just gping to get infected
Either Putin or Vučić (Serbian president) because he is like 2m tall
Do you wish a country be a racist one or a just one ?
Chto ebat ti skazal obo mne, ti malyenkaya suka?
This isn't something that our books said, just teacher's POV but I bet not a lot of other countries have this event in the history book & probably don't see it like this anyway
Talking sanity is forbiden here
There's a saying over here: We got only 2 real friends: Serbia, and the Black Sea.
I've gone to someone's house plenty of times when there was no food except for snacks
780 or 630, first known ruler of Serbia Viseslav ruled from 780 to 829, so excluding Turkish and periodic Byzantine rule we've  existed in some form for 1240 up to 1390 years but including Turkish and periodic Byzantine/Bulgarian  rule it would be something like 850 or 1000 years
And to top it of, our politicians were supporting it.
Well you did war with Bulgaria and Turkey :P
There should be a fact-checking site for recent news (I think there already is) but I find censorship an extremely bad solution.
I hoped something like this would happen over here in Serbia when we had our protests
What bothers me in Serbia, idk if thats the case in other ExYugo countries, we have no self defence law, if someone tries to kill me, but i kill him by defending myself, i go to jail for either manslaughter or murder.
When he managed to build the new car factory in China everyone was like "oh, he wasn't just talking shit", right now the cars made by Tesla in China are all sold even before getting out of the production line
We actually have lots of fun with it
Nope
Owl mocked the Tit ,  Smh
means
Next, nectar and swisslion are very popular I would say
difference between those two is about the same as difference between English and *American*
I'm not sure (couldn't find the article), but I think they've already established one in Serbia as well.
News flash Croatia is considered East Europe too.
I don't want my country to be a part of this union and it's most likely that the EU will collapse in the near future
The two situations are similar.
Same for Aunt
Let's see
Dont mind him, your neighbours are just jelly you existed before 1918 :P
First time hearing this and its really nice, guess Yugoslavs make hell of a good war music
Magyarisation, WW2 occupation and raids on us wasn't very nice to be honest
Tbf we stole that from Hungarian during Austro-Hungarian presence in Balkans, but nevertheless name stayed the same
Novi Sad has catacombs and tunnels built during the Austro-Hungarian era since it was a border city to the Ottomans in case of a siege or attack
He also tried to get on some German generals good side, so Serbia could be in a bit of a better position
He ordered their king to be executed and massacred the royalists, the presbiterians and anyone who seemed just slightly suspicious.
Nike
Also Serbian, Bosnian and Montenegrin.
Faking stuff like this
Well it wasn't called Bosnia in those days as you can see...And Serbs were majority in Bosnia up untill WWII.
It's not economical but rather societal.
And, for example, in the first shift, there are first and the third grades, and in second are second and fourth grade
At one point everything was so bad that instead of salaries they were giving workers half rotten pig's meat, powdered milk, 10 year old laundry detergent and worthless coupons
We are talking about a small group of people that support an irrelevant football club.
Going to mass on Christmas and other (i don't know how it works with Protestants) is what you as a Christian are supposed to do.
Yeah, you get €2000 every month, but then you spend €1700 for rent + bills + living.
Serbia DEPORTS Russians suspecting of plotting Montenegro coup
Then Serbia needs to give the remaining Albanian majority areas (preshevo valley/area) away.
I'm aware one ex-minister of us ordered the bombing of Belgrade and other Serbian positions to NATO, and we brought a pair of F-18s.
Montenegro even went to war with Japan because of Russia.
I'm not counting slavic countries, since if I did, we would have different names for almost all of them
&#x200B;
It is clearly possible to use, but the question is how functional it is
I'm not arguing what would happen if they would.
Greece, to be fair we did share a border until relatively recently historically speaking
We started creating bunkers and started preparing for a war with America and all the other nations that our dictator was telling us that were our enemies .
Bor is basically the same as that Greek city you described, while Zajecar has enormous unemployment rate and most of the people there leave the country to find a workplace
So there are circumstances under which you'd consider a genetically black person Romanian?
I just had to say that
Im not saying they will, but in case of emergency, it would make a good base.
Different words for different types of uncles and aunts.
Even syntax is different in Serbian and Croatian.
what does Syria have to do with Bosnia, Serbia is literally surrounded, a Russian plane would need to pass NATO airspace.
Podzemlje (underground) or Lepa sela lepo gore (pretty village pretty flames)
Croatian has an extremely fixed pronunciation as well.
BUT Uncle is called these ONLY IF he is a brother of either parents
aggressive(?) towards Americans, in some way, Brits have a problem with racism, the Swiss are chill as long as you integrate properly into their society (this is for all countries tbh), Germans are in a state of ''identity crisis'' because Merkel and the rise of anti-refugee/islam, Italians seem like friendly people, so do Spaniards and Portugese, but those places are less liberal than your usual northerners, Scandinavia is complicated (Sweeden mostly), the east...
Maybe let Israel join the EU and NATO.
As i understood it, the 'fake' church they used to provoke Serbs was in Inependent State of Croatia, and it was just a street away from the real church and Serbs celebrating Christmas i guess.
100% not true his name has ć (soft letter) ch is Č
To tell fellow Europeans that Serbia is now literally encircled.
However, there are plenty of derivatives with that meaning that are common today, like *pohvaliti (to praise/commend)* or *vredno hvale (worthy of praise)*.
Honestly not that bad, if you create a nice bubble and don't let any politics in
I dont really have to much info about it so i wouldnt wanna write anything false
They underwent compulsory sterilization in Sweden as late as 1976
What about alcohol then
Like, would someone called Đorđe be requiered to change his name spelling to Ďorďe upon naturalization
Iceland would be the fastest, but they aren't sure they want to join, but if they really start to open and close chapters it could be done in 2-3 years at most.
u/Petique/ is from Serbia mentioning Greece and you comment about Bulgaria.
a 'nie' je otprilike ně
> Pretty sure I've seen some stations with angels and stuff
Source that Italians are more currupt than blondie germans or swedes?
If you bought a chair for a similar price from a local company the chair parts would be most likely plastic
We don't need other people to tell us with is true and what isn't when it comes to this.
I'm not saying we are the only non-English people who know English, I'm just retelling my experience
Just like the other guy said, zajecarsko and kabinet.
Bombed Serbia, and stole Kosovo.
We're under occupation for 16 years and counting.
Serbia needs to work on itself a lot before joining and after that to see results.
Oh that makes more sense :D Thanks for the clarification.
Why is Serbia in bad relations with all neighbouring countries?
In Serbian it's "mošnica"
Nike
This isn't something that our books said, just teacher's POV but I bet not a lot of other countries have this event in the history book & probably don't see it like this anyway
*Check,Slovakian*
In Switzerland you would be the avg guy,in Spain on the richer side and in Serbia you would be set for life with everything you wanted
They were Russian from the times of the Russian Empire of the 19th century, what are you talking about?
14 Roman emperors were born on the modern territory of Serbia, we had several Roman cities, the largest being Sirmium which was coincidentally 4th capital city of Rome
There is no such condition in the requirements of EU to approve Serbia joining.
167–168
Cultural and linguistic erasure in Subotica, Serbia
Serbia and Macedonia are not in the EU and yet refugees go there as well.
Instead look up safer countries like Slovenia, Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro, BiH, Macedonia, Poland, Czekia, Slovakia...
I don't personally, but I know a lot of households here do the same thing you described, icons and crosses in cars and everything.
"Nje je za koernje sto se sada suši"
So what, EUtards are constantly spamming about Serbia, Nedic, Banjica, SN, Juden Frei even through Google is a couple of steps to knowing the real truth.
It felt like living in a tropic country for some time
That's because English is the new lingua franca.
We just say that someone threw a spoon
NSFW doesn't mean: don't do this in a workplace environment
Yes, but it isn't the typical breakaway party as far as I know.
Well some parts I guess were/are pretty unstable, like the area around kosovo.
Brides are absolutely not allowed to see other brides on their wedding day
lol INA cant even compare that with Venezuelas oil industry.
The name "Magna Carta" is short for "Magna Carta Libertatum", which is in Latin and probably why your spell check corrected it to "Carter". The English translation would be "The Great Charter" or "The Great Charter of Liberties", which I've honestly never seen in use
I visited the Balkans for an extended period of time this past summer.
Thankfully we dont have that here
I'm curious, what did you study about it?
Beograd = beo (white) + grad (city), so White City
our president, every time he goes on talk show its like meme industry gets easy material
Serbian Cinderella:
Yeah but we're not talking what if locations switched place, only if people did
I wounder if it's actually true or just urban (or rurla) legend
That video is not even close to being representative of the situation in Serbia.
Should the people of Republika Srpska be permanently trapped within BiH just because of the actions of war criminals that have faced the consequences?
All others are just familiar
Two Albanians burn Serbian flag in Geneva
It makes as much sense as saying Serbian is very similar to Turkish.
It's a matter of how you identify ones nationality.
when Lindemann sings, I suddenly start thinking German is the best language in the world hahaha
As other people have said, we don't. And if we do it's usually somewhere in the neighborhood (speaking for the Balkans)
All 20 of them then proceeded to take selfies with us
Yea the gypsy guy is strait fire
Since there's a significant Albanian minority, there's also stations that play music in Albanian.
We used to say *Belgrad* but now we say *Beograd* bcs L for some reason shifted to O. Foreigners however kept this old spelling and name and I honestly prefer it, it sounds better to me
Stereo Love came out in 2009 and it's nostalgic as fuck for me
Serbia and Russia aren't in the EU
Well, then we should start removing the burkas and bacalavas too, wouldn't you agree?
Doja, Albert (2008)
Some letters can have more than one sound;
And as you can see, it's the only (European) language that has two official alphabets
Presidential elections in April.
The only reason I didn't make such distinction for other languages is because they are rather a collective group of dialects, while the distinction of Croatian is made within one dialect of Serbo-Croatian.
Everyone else in Serbia is hating on Belgrade and people there
"Džon mejd hiz vej tu a tevrn tru d dark forest, onli tu fajnd aut det hi forgot d mani"
Same here, but switch *v* with *u*, *z* is *iz*, and *u* means *in*.
MH flights dont have any good luck
We have a grudge with every country in eastern Europe (except maybe Russia) and more
I think the biggest problem was that she made the entire campaign about her, not about the american people.
You could also buy the vast majority of houses, with the exception of a few neighbourhoods with high-end mansions where you won't have enough for the more expensive ones
So Iberia and some of the baltics/finland/scandinavia and russia arent Europe
Hahah it looks like he's playing with children
Just show me some proof then.
Ah yes Ive heard of this holiday.
p. 162
It's asking whether your language has a saying for you thanking someone, in the name of your group
What would think about a merger between Serbia and [Republika Srpska] in exchange for a merger between Albania and Kosovo ?
They were ready to integrate into the EU essentially from the get-go.
Framåt Karoliner
Both have it, i just phrased it wrong.
Almost all of our dishes include meat or other animal products.
So you mean Serbians from Kosovo?
They planned to return one day, some of them did, but majority didn't, since Yugoslavia collapsed and war started.
In general they're pretty good at it though
Gun laws here are notoriously strict; in order to buy a gun you have to pass numerous exams, fill all kinds of paperwork, the whole process lasts for about a year
However, in the 1990s, despite Transylvania still being more advanced than the rest of the country, it was still pretty fucked too.
" when she comes back and hands me the coins with a smile
Good markets are Maxi, Aroma and Univerexport I'd say
1918 King Alexander ditches the idea of Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovene, instead kingdom of Serbia expands only into territories with majority / significant Serbian population
Whatever you heard, or you think you've heard is pretty much wrong
1 dinar can buy you maybe a small gum
We have the highest amount of register gun per capita in Europe, with 39,1 guns per 100 people, while the US have 120
We have it now much worse hahah
More or less every club outside of the Belgrade fits into my description.
English is mandatory for everyone
If games that have no voice acting I'd try in Serbian
Seriously man, all I have to do is type danish colonies genocide and slavery in google search.
Then could you please prove that what I wrote in the first comment is wrong?
It's near Zajecar and it's fairly preserved too
One of three constituent peoples of Bosnia were against secession from Yugoslavia.
In the end we went to a pharmacy to ask the worker to help and she thankfully knew English
Exactly, they are brainwashed, and raised to be Turks, not Serbs, so you cant call them loyal Serbs, since they were never Serbs to begin with, nor did they have a choice in the matter.
And now all the other dialects are inside these 3 groups
Ćao, zovem se John
It's nice the entire world can laugh at Serbia and not just us in the Balkans :)
Actually in 1871 the population was 64% Serbian, according to Peter Kukulj.
I suspect people would still make a really big deal out of who they "belonged" to, even if it was just and administrative (and football) thing.
There will be no pragmatic solution.
Don't talk shit about Greece and Romania, also Croatia only we can do that
Or you know, you could buy Vojvodina and have big fertile region
First half of 18th century would be an interesting thing to see
Klošar is nowadays a popular term for people who are trashy and chav-ish
It would be for the best if we'd just let it go and went in EU
I hope you understand what I mean :)
I tried reading Croatian news online some time ago and I gave up.
"? Why can't we live in a decent apartment that doesn't endanger our health AND meet nice people
Your country fucked up your economy - now you get to live in crysis.
Be careful- they are known to multiply very quickly and might try to secede one day
We brought our six year old there.
If you leave a note at your body, they might just throw it away to avoid the whole situation.
Edit: 85% of Serb citizens view themselves as orthodox christians
It's a shame when people spew crap like that, since 5g really is dangerous - for our wallets
The difference is (i guess) because Serbs are generally an unruly bunch, so they tried all kinds of shit to break them (as we see in desecrating Saint Sava), but i guess it backfired in the end.
So there is a tad of hypocrisy going on from Beograd these days when they try both to avoid sanctions, but also join EU as soon as possible.
God damn it, how many pictures can one appartment hold
Otherwise I'd say Montenegro or Serbia.
and that the recognition of Kosovo by Serbia will be addressed before EU accession.
When I was on tour of it (by boat) we were told that only 2 female species are allowed on the island, chicken, for their eggs which are essential for producing certain icons, and cats, to keep the mice population at control, now I am not sure how do they control other female species but female cats are allowed
> And Russia started mobilising their forces several days ahead of Germany declaring war against both Russia and France
But by recognising Kosovo yourself(with this post,since even Bosnia doesn't recognise it) you automatically would recognise Rep.
Karadzic-O removes 100% of unwanted kebab, absolutely guaranteed!
Yokohama (not sure how I know this one either)
Where I worked, there were almost exclusively Germans, Russians, and tourists from Balkan states (mostly Bulgaria and Serbia).
Yeah, most of them are household names, even if some people don't know anything about when they wrote or what, most people atleast recognize the name as the name of a poet.
We swear often, elaborately, and proudly.
Why are you studying Serbian
Even in one hundred years Turkey won't stand a chance of joining if it continues down this path.
Czechia, Slovakia, **Poland**, Hungary, Slovenia and Croatia were always Central Europe - not only geographically but more importantly culturally.
I learned he plays hockey from an Oliver Stone interview which is amercian media that I found online and I know he's a KGB agent and does karate from Wikipedia, also online
Serbia says Kosovo wants war as neighbors row over Serb nationalist train, "on the brink of conflict" - says Serbian President
I know, but the IT sector is ok in Serbia
Honestly, that was either greatest coincidence in history or some highter power at work
There is also video of Serbian president who is 2m tall playing basketball with 11 years old kids and always blocking their shoots
i don't think even Croats think that Croatia is innocent
But then again they are very different to rest of the buildings in the neighborhood, they are less than one third of the size, with different facades and roof designs, and hallways so narrow that one apartment's floor math is standing in top of the other apartment's one, since entrance doors are so close to eachother
I would probably consider it European, due to it's involvement in Europe, because it had its capital in Europe before and because it still has a part of its territory in Europe.
So that they don't make the same mistake over and over again.
Bosnia
Is this country related or person related
Yes, it's cheap but so touristy!
Italy, France, Serbia, Australia, Egypt, and many other countries.
Serbian and local TVs reported on Czetniks going to Crimea to help their Cossacks friends.
Kosovo is Serbia
Almolst the same applies as with Russian
Whenever i find myself down in Serbia (which unfortunately isn't as often as I would like) I make it a priority to pick up as many issues of this as I can.
They probably dream of the membership benefits while disregarding the responsibilities and the political commitments they need to make.
', shambolic, bollocks, mental
We reached a 10th of a milion subscribers
Or else it would be called....Slovakia.
(Nje is his original joke/gag, while we signs in Major scale on the pier)
Just lol
I've lived in Belgrade all my life and have never heard of this happening
Now that the chapters are being finally opened and closed, a lot of people still think that joining the EU will never happen - and with recent case of Brexit, the thought becomes more prevalent.
They mostly teach you about the tenets of your religion and depending so I went to Orthodox class and it was basically an excuse to chill with friends and bore your professors about aliens especially since the class grade doesn't go to your grade point average
Cyrilic and latin are bought accepted (guverment papers need to be in cyrilic)
,,Spreman ili ne, dolazim
i just read 10 minutes ago half of the raspberries in Sweden are from Serbia
The Euro is not the currency of every Eu country.
I guess even Serbia is doing good.
The unique feature of my language, that no other *European* language has, is that we have 2 official writing systems
>*Truth and honour, freedom and courtesy
There are of course dozen from the 90’s, one of the most famous is  the murder of the journalist Slavko Ćuruvija who got killled in 1999, but until 2019, no one was charged for the murder
We are religous through out whole life
pro-putin troyan horse called Serbia into EU?
I heard this story too
True, but we don't love Putin,guess you wouldnt understand what that would be, Albanians are only close to Turks, while Serbs are close to all East-Orthodox nations, you have to live in one of the nations to understand it.
And those people who support politicians like that are sick and are as despicable as those politicians
Although it was a communism/socialist country where people pretend to work, and state pretend to pay them basically, so...
>That being said Serbians and Croatians are definitely the best in my experience at knowing both alphabets
That's so fucking depressing
So you don't want certain countries in the EU because they have different views.
As for girls:
Oh hell yeah, people in the south don't even use padeži!
Montenegro is far ahead and Serbian playing with Moscow won't help them.
CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR BROTHERS ️
They didn't, very simple
They arrested mladic karadzic and gave them.up to the UN they even gave up milosevic.
"The countries that make up the Balkans today include Greece, Albania, Macedonia, Bulgaria, Romania, rump Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro), and Bosnia Herzegovina (referred to as Bosnia throughout this text).
In the Balkans you'll be a superstar.
It's not so strong here because most of the older people remember communism and Tito with fondness
I've never noticed any differences among Serbian language.
"So what's the difference
The UK did not grow slower in 2016 because of Brexit.
It's not a coincidence that almost [all of the comments] on his songs are in Bulgarian :D In fact i went to his concert in Sofia last week!
Parachute - late 18th century by Louis-Sébastien Lenormand in France
Belgrade is the same but I think our guy will develop into a megaturd, might just become worse
A government that the people didn't elect, you mean?
partly frozen Danube in Belgrade, Serbia
If a country is already working to destabilize you and hurt your citizens, your reaction is to attempt to become friends ?
Danzig, Germany
There's literally Albanian clothing and scripture on those murals.
The remaining Serbs living in Kosovo
Yugoslavia was one of the last socialist republics in Europe, with Serbia being always pretty close with Russia.
There's small differences that aren't noticeable like saying Europa for Europe in Croatia but we say Evropa with a 'v'.
This one is older edit: Not provoking anyone,just stating it's not the oldest one
I believe it was a war mind game...
On who
He basically wanted to strip the biggest church in Montenegro of their property, and not any other religious institution - only the Serbian Church, which basically founded - and led Montenegro in it's inception, centuries ago
I might be wrong but I think without tourism Greece would be dirt poor.
[This one] would be an actual version of anthem
Even if they were predominantly Albanian, which they are not, that's not a valid justification for destruction of something that represents a historical heritage of the civilization.
Wait wait did the betyárs have their kind of paprikash
Gavrilo Princip was a member of an organization supported by the Serbian king
Come on dude, you know full well that the Serbian government *refuses* to explicitly refer to the events in Srebrenica as a genocide.
Wirelles power transfer, earthquake machine, electric supersonic plane, Ray of death
Totally, i speak in somewhat mixed accent (non-rhotic though, because those American r's twist my tongue if i speak fast) which tends to lean more on British or American side depending on the context and current influence
Question for croatians:
The part where we were an Empire
Boris Johnson criticised for promoting book on official Serbia visit |
if you've not noticed by now they like you as much as you support their independence.
Al važi Caribic pravilo - samo da nije starija više od 15 minuta.
I suck at it i so I go as a easy country like Sweden
I am noy talking about who is good or who is bad just that Serbians being scared of EU and Germany is not surprising
Fucking taxis
Also in your list above you put b29, instead of b92.
Was an heir to the throne but decided to become a priest instead
Since Tesla identified as a Serb/Croat, there's not much to say.
Hambar exists in Serbian and the other ones might too, just archaic.
*Please, stop
1999 bombing of Yugoslavia, estimated $26 billion in economic losses, over 1000 killed, 5700 wounded, large infrastructure damage, hospitals, buildings, roads, bridges, factories, refineries and what is the largest issue is rapid increase of cancer patients thanks to the uranium used in bombs
writers from Croatia, Serbia and one from Slovenia
Are you an American of Serbian and Italian origin
>The film makers were linked by a common wish to increase the freedom of artistic expression, and to reform the cinematic language
>they do not recognize their war crimes
I hope to travel to Europe (Germany, Hungary, Czech, Croatia, Italy, Poland, Slovenia, Serbia) in Summer 2017.
Serbia isn't Europe in the same way Germany is Europe.
[7] TheEnglish term was derived (possibly via Frenchvampyre) from the German Vampir, in turn derived in the early 18th century from theSerbian vampir (Serbian Cyrillic: вампир)
Simplicity and quality
Serbia wants embassies protected from "Albanian terrorists"
Well
"Popular among russians/estonians on the other hand is a whole another thing.
What is especially tragic is that over one hundred beautiful churches, many of which stood since the Middle Ages [were desecrated and burned to the ground] Words cannot describe how angry I am looking at those images and the reminder that the rest of Europe mostly just looked away as Serbia's cultural patrimony was attacked in such a savage way.
Sometimes even coaches, presidents of clubs and their families suffer verbal abuse.
We don't do that in Serbia because Latin script is just well Latin script, it has no more connection to Croatia than to Hungary.
While I have met older people from Western Serbia who speak Ijekavian, I must say that all of my college friends from that area (Prijepolje, Priboj, Užice) spoke Ekavian
Again, I repeat, I get that this is not serious, but it also isn't particulary funny, informative or correct.
Um, countries like Belgium,Sweden,Netherlands carry far more weight in International politics but are far,far smaller.
This infuriated people and many flocked to join the KLA and country-wide protests were held.
You need to pay doctors to get treatment
Like woodworking, machining or building terms
More than I can count: Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus (N+S), Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, England, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Scotland, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, Vatican, Wales
Veeery much and people get obsessed with them.
Murdered *by the Nazis*, you ignorant twat.
Good luck and try to keep up with us in basketball!
I'm not sure I know one person who has a flag
Today, more than 600 years later, the Battle of Kosovo still has a huge impact on political decisions and moral and religious attitudes in Serbia
i have impression i know better what is happening there than in Serbia, I started feeling being American, especially at this time of NBA playoff
Although, Kruševac was the capital city at one point in Serbian history, and it's located in Central Serbia, but I don't know if a 60k population city would work well as a capital
So this means what
Yeltsin opened up the archives in 1995 iirc so I would think any falsehoods would have been corrected by now.
"If Croatia is the one to decide about whether Serbia will enter the EU, then my interest just dropped somehow," Dacic said after meeting his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov in Belgrade.
Oh, you don't know us
You start your war, the EU will jump you and all you get as help are some old tanks and russian mercenaries.
sin means son
Can you tell right away if someone is speaking Serbian vs Croatian?
Fun fact: if you go to Nikola Tesla museum in Belgrade, at the entrance it says 'Serbian and American inventor'...
"Speaking Ancient Greek" - he might have been citing Iliad or something
A Serbian blaming Germany for starting WW1, now that is absolutely hilarious.
Yes, fake news do work both ways.
I mean, to be clear: I'm not for retaliation in any shape or form, especially not to collective labeling of a group of any kind (national, religious etc
There is not a single neighbour they don't hate
Montenegrin villages are really beautiful, but a lot of them are facing depopulation problems...
They ended up bombing every city in Serbia btw
When I was in Montenegro a couple of years ago, I've seen two of them on entire beach
> Even night clubs had these insane queues where you sometimes had to wait between 15-90 (!) minutes to get in
Also 'seksati se' - to sex, sexing, but that's not grammatically correct, more like a slang
Nothing good for Serbia* you mean.
The core of the problem in Balkans was it's geostrategic position
He said a lot of things but not at once "we will not annex Crimea".
Well it is Christmas Eve in Serbia, so yes we do celebrate
Probably the Serbian language is spoken by a minority near the border and they are above the age of 64 and the younger generation probably not learning it for some reason.
Neither Serbia nor Kosovo should be accepted before the Kosovo issue is resolved, whatever solution they find.
It’s definetely a thing
In any case, I think with Trump in power, Europe distracted by Brexit, and Putin on our side, this is the best window of opportunity to solve the crisis in our favor in decades.
Both are somewhat romanticised but by different types of nationalists
I wear mostly sneakers and I can't wait to get back home and walk barefoot (or in slippers)
A Yugoslavia can't exist if Serbia isn't a cripple old man
Albanians are completely unified as a people no matter the religion
Jovanovićka - whose father is Jovanović
Thank you Russia for helping us in the fight for independece from the Ottomans, joining  WWI after Austro-Hungaria declared war, not recognizing Kosovo as a state
comparing GDPs like that doesn't work.
Mentality-wise, more and more people every year support the EU, but it's still around 60-70%. However, if a condition to join the EU was to give up Kosovo without getting anything back, the support would drop to less than 5%. The whole situation, as it is the case with the Balkans, is quite complicated
It's Serbia fault they lost 50% of male population.
It is a small detail, might look insignificant, but clearly shows his opinion of the country, which makes me 80% believe the first statement in my previous comment
Honestly I wouldn't meddle with that kind of shit, but it's your choice
Wait, Kinder is Italian
Montenegro probably, but Albania before Serbia, and Serbia with Kosovo?
I debated doing the 15 train pass and going Munich > Venice > Ljubijana > Zagreb > Budapest > Vienna instead but I figured I would be spreading my time there too thin.
my phone was stolen
He was especially close with General Kosta Protić and the consulate circles in Belgrade was thought to be the ruler under his influence
In Serbia hajduci are very well known, I always thought it was our thing, but I guess everyone did it
If anything, it is Croatian criminals that didn't receive what they deserved.
The same mig 29s that were being shot over Serbia in 1999 while being completely useless?
You squeeze the bottle, if it is rock solid, it's probably sparkling
Now that Albania is into Europe, Serbia is into China.
You could admire the Germans and Germany and be wary of it in the same time
To show that US can drone strike you anywhere
I guess not bombarding, not implementing sanctions and not demonizing whole nation also might help a bit
Yeah ok, I thought it would be the same for all non-Serbo-Bosno-Croat, whatever the fuck you want to call the language
Needs some barbed wire for their safety.
No country or people are more important than the ones you love
Hope some countryman of mine with more knowledge about them can share their thoughts.
True dat
"Exempt farmers from EU pesticide regulations" - YES PLEASE, MORE PLASTIC-TASTING POISONED FOOD FOR ME, HURRRR!!!
Who the fuck said anything about loving Putin.
Serbia is the closest to EU membership and is the only one viable
Make it into a possessive form, because they are *his* kids (Jovanov, Kovačev)
There is no fascism rise in Croatia.
ets actually is a chill game, too bad i don't have the patience haha
Where exactly are these ideas of restoring our empires are coming from
I personally feel much closer to Austrians than Serbs.
They let the Greeks hold their patriarchate with protected status but slaughtered almost all clergy when it came to Serbia for example.
Alternatively I find : "Ti si vrh pička" to work very well
As someone who is in a very international environment, I've come to realise that we are all just people.
I can assume it has some historical meaning ("so" means salt so for all I know, all salt in old Serbia was imported from one city) but I'm not 100% certain
Protected with a mirror:
The waitress told us herself that if we can't finish our food, we can ask her and she will wrap it up for us
Serbia is responsible for the biggest genocide done on european soil since WW2, has a chetnik president and prime minister and want's to join EU.
Albanian Insurgency in Macedonia...
Croats would rather be in Croatia, Serbs would rather live in Serbia
Protest in New York: Albanians protest in front of UN Serbian mission headquarters for release of Haradinaj [Article in Serbian]
Not really
i mean you learning to pronounce serbian would probably have a harder time than me learning to pronounce dutch.
I prefer Russia over the West but I feel like they'd try and assimilate us in an instant if given the chance
So awful and annoying
Yes but once in eu you would have probably backed sanctions etc more pro eu than pro russia generally.
4 most popular suffixes of the top of my head are: bran(defender) slav(glory) rad(work) mir(peace)
For me personally, I really do not care where do you put your dick or pussy to.
I've driven from Novi Sad to Budapest, and the difference is huge in Hungary's favor
You Estonians outperform pretty much everyone in Eastern Europe.
If it's citizenship by ancestry I'm in favour of it
It's just sad how much fucking propaganda is west under,and you don't even realize
non muslims payed higher taxes, were seen as 2nd class citizens in the eyes of the "law" and their first born males were often taken from them at birth to serve for the ottoman army and to never see their parents.
But central AC is rare, only newer bussines buildings have it, you can see window units everywhere
For example like 1-2 years ago one of our newspapers published "trump supports kosovo being part of serbia" and when the white house heard about that bullshit they told them to take it down immediately
This is basically the core of modern day controversies and problems Balkan had and still has, not "primitive Balkaners arguing for no reason whatsoever".
What would happen if they pulled for independence from Latvia and Estonia?
That said, accession talks are still at an early stage, so probably another decade before they'll ultimately gain membership.com
But i do have [This]
It was made right after the war so all of the major players are interviewed.
exactly the same happened in serbia during protest except media wrote "Monsters payed by america won't let ambulance pass".
[Croatian-Serbian guilty pleasure] - this is the original, even though there are [Greek] and [Brazilian] versions
and overall Austrians are closest Germanic group of peoples to Serbs and other west south Slavs, which is no coincidence considering that a lot of Austrians/Germans lived in these areas and some parts of Serbia were part  Austria for centuries
Wow, I didn't know that
No, they are not checked, especially in Italy and Greece.
" (It's always used sarcastically)
Because slovenians are so inherently regressive that the only reason they're being progressive is because of the austrians, right?
Bread here is 20¢
So do all Slavic languages
[Serbia in 1374] Serbia didn't lose its statehood and collaborated with Tvrtko a bunch.
Yeah, in these cases if you intervene too soon then it was all for international recognition and interests.
This just confirmed what everyone already expected.
Since the unification with Yugoslavia and especially since the creation of Serbia, the Hungarian people have been segregated and provoked
half of Croatia should be Serbian (before 1995)
I literally don't know how would you translate it
Not really, only the label of 90s kid exists
Only people that hate Serbia in the Balkans are Bosniaks,Croatians and Albanians.
Russians won't let Lukasenko go down that easily
Pocketknife, tea drinking, bankrupt and pizza nazis.
We might be different countries, but we share the same problem, prijatelju moj
Hi, calling myself John
I think that another round of bombing would bend Serbia's government into submission, and make them cut their ties with Russia.
you can't explain it
even to computer science / medicine / electric engeering?
53 days "Floyddit dick eating bet on French election."
I said that it was not a republic and this was one of the reasons.
I get what you're saying and why you're saying it but holding on with the Kosovo business *doesn't actually gain Serbia anything.* With the amount of international backing Kosovo does there's not a chance in hell of Serbia getting it back.
Sorry in advance for any spelling mistakes
I hope Switzerland and Norway join.
There are already memes to raid Vatican's secret archives
Map of wishes used to be a bit larger in the past, what happened in the meantime?
In that camp most victims were Croats.
Hungary is a Balkan country
Huh, didn't know Serbians needed a visa to visit Ireland!
Was pretty skeptical about this before but man, if the Serbians are reacting.....
We have *železo*, too but it's archaic.
Hey, ive seen this one
", we say "baš me briga
Bulgarians were very disappointed and even insulted over the treaty of London-1913 especially because Bulgaria and Serbia had a treaty signed of how to split the Macedonian region before the war broke out which the Serbs ignored after the war and instead just annexed all the territories which they had occupied.
The most Serbian of secessionist territories: Kosovo
well if we're going by commerce we trade the most with Germany, Italy and Russia.
serbia was a kingdom/empire up until the 14th century ottoman incursion, and then kept getting smaller and smaller until it was fully integrated as an ottoman vasal state.
I hate our culture of stepping into peoples homes uninvited
I don't like either
Rye could be grown in abundance and Humulus lupulus grow of it’s own without any special care, so with some knowledge, you’ll be good to go in a season
If somebody did this everyone would be pissed
As someone living in Ireland, this Brexit thing ain't so bad!
It exists
To say "I don't care
My parents and grandparents mostly used grah for pasulj, I thought it's normal in all Serbia
of Red Moscow
You can read a detailed timeline [here] For three months it wasn't even certain whether Assange is alive or not.
Ђ ђ |Đ đ  |like Ј in jukebox (little softer)
Everybody should try a good makovnjaca, it kicks ass
You don't see religion mentioned in political discussions or during the elections
I would love a Balkan awakening.
The core of the problem in Balkans was it's geostrategic position
Average height in Serbia is 1,85
Yes, and then we eat small children, then we jump and kill the Bulgarians muahahahaha.
Zdravo
I'm not saying that it is, but you comparing Serbia to Hitler and Slobodan to Ustashe is ridiculous.
He died, and the boy isn't getting any punishment because he's too young.
Meanwhile they are moving forwards and apparantly given how they never post any shitposting threads about Serbia, don't really give a fuck about you at all.
Just last year doctors went on a strike because their wages were down to 350 euros....which is insane.
Also in other news it was [reported and then denied] that the same Congressmen has suggested an exchange of territories between Kosovo and Serbia.
The sweet delusions some people have.See^i^can^bait^too
saturday -> subota
Yeah, Serbia *extradited* them, meaning they waited over 15 years and then when the EU told them they found them within a day.
Lol, true :)
Yeah you're right
Austrougarska
Ijekavian is spoken in Western Serbia too, and it's official just like ekavian
People simply tolerate corruption, thievery and everything else.
Hungarian women
MH flights dont have any good luck
Talk about wars
Srpska can declare independence from BiH but it cannot merge into Serbia.
I still do all those things now, only I'm taller than I was when I started
And we enevy you because we see how you are handling your government and we wish we could do the same
You are playing the very simple game of examples as opposed to discussing the subject or concerns i raised.
Not to mention hiding all the bodies in Serbia?
Serbs were Christianized by the Latin Church which really surprised me when I learned that.
* I know it's nobody's fault, but, Jesus Christ, goes to prove just how much of an ingrained stigma still exists around this place
If I was a betting man, I would say it's safe to assume you have no idea what you're talking about outside of whatever bubble you live in
You don't need it to Serbia but need it to Moldova?
Yes he did, his cars were already selling in the US way more than in Europe back in 2017/2018
it really seems that Albanians don't want peace, they don't judge their criminals for war crimes, they protest when others do, they attack minorities, hardly seems like Serbs want trouble?
I know this is a sensitive topic and that there is still an ethnic Serbian presence in Bosnia.
Cyrillic for handwriting, and Latin on the computer, phone and Internet mostly
Its cheap but bad quality
"say hungarian reports" ahh yes the one country that despised Serbia at that time
So, I've heard of him, but no, he's not particularity popular where I live (Serbia).
I mean...your President built a huge ass palace on an artificially created hill and bulldozed down XIX century houses so that he could have a better view.
From my personal experience, Verona, Mantova, Milano, Trieste and Padova are great places.
Good try, but no
It is related, it show that that resolution is nothing more than a piece of paper, while Muslims actively took part in the atrocities.
It is relevant because American news sites have way more views and are overall more popular because of the simple fact that more people can read them.
It's a joke about Bulgaria backstabbing Serbia.
")*
I’m pretty sure the mostly the old also support Milosevic as well
Yes, do not mess with Serbian women.
I don't recall ever seeing a flag on a private house or window in the city where I live in (Novi Sad)
Though, I can't say the same for Slovenian, Bulgarian and Macedonian
The budget of Serbia for 2016 was 1119 billion dinar, or 9.07 billion euros, or 1,266 euros per inhabitant per year.
Maybe a merchant considering my city was an Austro-Hungarian trading hub at the time
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
Bulgarian backstabbers (Balkan wars, WW1)
'U pički materini' which translates to 'In a mother's pussy'.
Croats are maybe safe, but it would be foolish not to expect Spanish Inquisition as an orthodox countries
Thanks Neighbour
In the second we forgave outright genocide
That Albanians are native to Kosovo
Klaus, Freya, Ragnar and Baldur sound really cool and powerful
What are you talking about they tried joining and were turned down
So once again, glad we could be of help.
I have a few interesting stories about them hating us but the best one is when the Croatian presiedent Kolinda was giving chocolate to children she apollogised because they were made in Serbia.
Vivovdan
dude please.Serbian is way closer to us then you guys.Sorry bro,you aren't our bro's.
And when they get the language right, the tones/pitch accents are completly wrong
Anyway I think Niko Bellic is not less weird for Croatians or Russians either
The student switch the "shifts" once a month
Besides, all the things i said are backed by historical evidence, the fact you all downvote me shows how resentful you are.
Is it in Belgrade
Novi Sad is attracting people from northern Serbia, while Belgrade is a magnet for entire central Serbia and Kosovo.
If your surname is a little 'weird' and/or doesn't end in -ić, chances are you're from Vojvodina, the northern part of Serbia
Зелезницка пруга (zeleznicka pruga), means train/rail track
UN res 1244, Serbian constitution
Although i am serbian, serbian is not my first language, so all words sound st least a bit childish to me because of all the č, ć, š sounds combined with k, d, p and other similar sounding letters
We say "ptičica" which means "little bird". Some use "sir" influenced by English "cheese".
Setting yourself on fire is probably the most painful way to die.
52% of those interested voted to leave, I don't see the fault of democracy here
I mostly knew what it was about because it mentioned houses York and Lancaster and Henry Tudor
That was not what I stated nor implied in my comment.
Agriculture; ye here it's a big thing and one of our main industries
Modern serbian state is the product of serbian revolution of 18th century and victories in WWI and WWII
Serbian President and his sons are ready "to fight in Kosovo if needed"
Serbia was then the largest and most powerful country in the Balkans, with out own law codex (Dušan's codex) and a patriarch
Can't imagine how uncomfortable it is to be jeered at by a carriage full of chav twats...
>*And ever honoured for his worthiness
croatian people didn't commit any war crimes in srpska krajina, srbe na vrbe
Everything else in Latin - especially computer-related
don't most of you learn german?
Then we would ask ya a billion questions likes of "what you want to drink" "are you hungry
Freude
There are probably much more
While I agree that it would be smarter for our country to let it go at the same time we're a very proud people with a strong sense of nationality
Kinda makes sense
When did the US incite ethnic tensions in Europe?
Drawn out and overly accentuated.
The only conclusion is that the guy also has a high support of the British, otherwise May's support would be down.
Oh, yes
Class length is the same as yours, and there's also 5 minute breaks between classes, but after 2nd class we have a lunch break which is 20 minutes long
) Dzieki in advance
Two reasons - I really do not want to have any uninvited guests and second, my car could get out
We also have Aleksa which is also a male name but might not be perceived as such anymore (thx Amazon)
Look at the Berlin attacker who was from Tunisia and was rejected asylum.
There are also busts of the Emperors there too
South Tirol wants to switch to Austria?
Why don't you tell that to Saudis who took ZERO refugees?
People in this comment section expect this singular picture to capture every details of a wedding
Nah man Serbs were fleeing from Ottomans to Ottoman lands.
Would you elaborate then about how much is he pro Russian?
The vast majority of Europeans do not want the EU to be turned into the Eurasian Union so countries like Turkey, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Armenia, etc are very unlikely to ever join the EU (even if they participate in the Eurovision song contest!).
Kasta in dom genom helvetets portar
This happened on both sides, it really is awful
Stambolic's murder was creepy as shit
crtani - drawn (cartoon)
There are a lot of major once all around the country as well
Too bad it lasted only briefly.
Dude you're contradicting yourself.
Germany:Nemačka
Yes, but you can postpone both indefinitely by simply not fulfilling the criteria.
Apart from what everyone else gets, we get a lot of Serbian and Bosnian "cigumigu".
Granted we did go in spring when it was tourist season
Bulgaria - Same as Hungary, just maybe a little bit closer culturally
Trump, Le Pen, Šešelj, Farage, I really don't get the fascination.
This crisis was already going on for one month, I don´t think the public was a uninformed as you say.
But it isn't and I have no wish to entertain Serbian nationalist agenda.
Furthermore, Muslim Albanians had every reason to resist the incorporation into the Serbian state
>Kada je u Babinom Mostu, Jašar-paša Džinić hteo (oko 1830) da poruši pravoslavnu crkvu, tome su se usprotivili Albanci iz tog sela
Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia stopped existing in 1991.
A friend of mine was a sniper in the Serbian military before moving to Canada to study engineering.
In short: [plagues, starvation, and the Austrian army.]#Casualties)
It almost defeats the purpose of us having good wages when everything is twice more expensive here than in other places.
I don't really understand that argument to be honest.
Standardized Hungarian, Serbian, Austrian, Czech, and Slovakian ships!
Had a good laugh imagining this
Fuck this cunt fuck him fuck his lackeys fuck his government and fuck every single fuck that takes him seriously
I don't doubt that you'll make it through this, I'm just not sure if any of us are gonna be here to see it.
If not, do nothing
Not necessarily and regardless whether you think the joke was good or not, it isn't based on fiction either.
Litteraly everyone hates him
I was 7 (1st grade) when I first went alone to school
What is the advantage of border controls with Hungary and Bulgaria?
Corona virus
It is a pluricentric language with four mutually intelligible standard varieties.''
Venus (/ˈviːnəs/, Classical Latin: /ˈwɛnʊs/) is the Roman goddess whose functions encompassed love, beauty, desire, sex, fertility, prosperity and victory.
Yugoslav civil war and the big battles like Stalingrad and the landing in Normandy
In all honesty I wish I would use British terms instead of American ones, but their media influence was too high on me
He was participating in battles
Wow that is fascinating I had no idea the č ć distinction was a problem for Croatians
the communists were not the ones "taking it out" on the police officers.
Bo one from red star side were racist towards him, just angry cause he was celebrating goal in front of our stand
Some scholars also consider Croatia to be part of the Balkans."
I mean the Balkans are pretty shit anyway, adding you guys can't really make anything worse than it already is
Not really
/u/Hrulj Protip, You won't get anything Serbia related to the frontpage of r/europe at EU daytime.
Having a russian friendly country is worse than having ISIS terrorists?
They, like Serbia are Orthodox and slavic, but don't have the same cultural connection to Russia that Serbia has.
It's a click-bait article; there is no mention of this in Serbia, or anywhere else except coming from Kosovo's president's mouth.
Nope, Serbian tricolor with the 'square' eagle
Clodomir
Russia is an important friend to Serbia, maybe more than the EU since they fiercely don't recognise Kosovo, losing such an important ally isn't in our interests
Mrš u tri pičke materine
Depends on what ya mean by Supreme court
Suddenly experts for ice skating, lacrosse and field polo emerge /s.
The ominous implication was that Albanians, as non-Slavs, were not even capable of assimilation
Macedonian, Bulgarian and Slovak
I used to have an obsession with national anthems
But you said it would be okay for them to declare independence.
Also, by tradition, you can't stop fasting until the special guest called Položajnik comes, which is also early in the morning
Jebem li ti mamicu u pičku krvavu
It's extremely uncommon
But 'hur dur lucky charms', 'drunk irish people', 'IRA 'terrorism''
I've heard Italians​ have the same problem within their borders and I guess it's because these nations didn't really exist as single entities prior to the 19th century.
If only Mrnjavčević brothers and their armies hadn't been wasted on the eve of the battle of Maritza with the Ottoman Turks, and subsequently slaughtered in their sleep, we could bought ourselves and the rest of the Balkans at least a few decades of freedom, and who knows what would happened next
Yeah, over there it's just Russians waiting to kidnap you
That is just insane
Nema na čemu :)
We can and will do this too, and I love it :) but we also have the opposite, suffixes for making things sound big in a kind of mean way
Could it have been done without massively bombing civilian targets
Bulgarians frequently come to the area along the border (Stara Planina, Sokobanja spa, Pirot, Bosilegrad, Dimitrovgrad, Rtanj mountain)
Lemme help ya with a couple more: West Serbia being the most primitive because it is too close to Bosnia, most of Sumadija being notoriously drunken to the boots 24/7, exception with Kragujevac which is the higher class than the rest of Sumadijas pesantry, us Esterneers being mostly Vlah people that throw magic on everything and TO THIS DAY live the same way they did 1000y ago, and oh god, people from Vojvodina speaking sloooooooow aaaaaaaaas fuuuuuuuck, so slow that when somebody from Vojvodina tries to ask somebody from south(where they speak fast like hell) how they are, southeneer has enough time to tell them abouth their whole history till this day before the guy from Vojvodina finishes their sentance
For example "ujak" always means mother's brother and if you'd use it for your uncle from your father's side, it wouldn't make sense
That's cause nobody jokes about it
The [Serbian Despotate] that succeeded it is sometimes romanticised as a Renaissance state
No, Serbia's attempt to ethnically cleanse Kosovo took it away from them.
Serbia has great relations with only Serbian part of BiH, so we can rule that
Not being in the EU did not prevent anything.
You can learn it simply by watching youtube videos, TV shows, listening to music, playing video games
It's like Africa when it comes to administration/paper work.
So it is somehow logical to not criticize them to much.
We do have some flat Earthers and I love laughing at their ingorance on Youtube comment sections
Reason and common sense have left Balkans long time ago.
All three of the assassins were born and raised in Bosnia.
Im really curious
Same as Croatia and Slovenia, and in Sebia we sometimes say "Pis maco!" - it is usually used when shooing of a cat, so there's that.
In Serbia there are usually two shifts in each school
Like I remember from about two decades ago one episode of the Outer Limits had a murderous dictator called something like Mistoslav Krupchek, that spoke Russian with an American accent
And it is marginal, yeah, but that's partly because it's a liberal party that not much Serbs agree with.
Estonia sure like their coal (or peat).
It's not common to say this though, and the second one is used by parents when teaching their daughters.
Can't wait to visit in the future.
It sounds kind of funny on it's own
Should we also respect sacrificing animals or even people to various gods because it's "their customs"?
Linguists sometimes deal with the South-Slavic languages as a Sprachbund from Slovenian to Bulgarian.
School starts at 8am
They fought on the side of the Austrians and many of them were also expelled and migrated to Vojvodina after the Great Turkish War, particularly Catholic Albanians who moved to Srem and were Croatized
vi ar AVR
Credit where credit's due
In World War 2, depends on who we're looking at as the legitimate predecessor of Serbia
Events that lead to the war and, blitzkrieg, operation barbarosa, pearl harbour and the pacific theatre(not a lot), some African battles, defeat of Italy, defeat of Germany( that's where it ends for us) and the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
If Serbia is worried about future seperatism there why can't it just propose that it create a similar Community of Municipalities there as the one that Kosovo should be implementing for Kosovo Serbs?
For instance, someone from the UK might put Australia in the first tier, Serbia somewhere in the middle and Mongolia near the bottom.
The moment your overlords stop being willing to fight for you this charade will be over, and Serbia will establish rule of the law in the province once again :)
You know the saying - one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter.
We taught you Serbian guys also some good food stuff after centuries.
- The city desperately needs a metro system
Northern Cyprus is independent.I hope our government recognizes them in the near future.
Just like Croatia is West Serbia, right?
Kudos to AoC2 for an actual good translation
My father-in-law was telling me about his gun collection last time I was in Serbia.
Can’t they just accept it already that Montenegro went their own way
I have no idea how it works or if it's even possible for people from Kosovo to get passports, but I heard something about it that it's not difficult.
I'd say that there is a lot of variations of same names across Slavic nations
Zeljanica isn't with spinach its with "zelje" (idk the english name) which is nicer and milder than spinach
But literally we have a name for every single member of family
I think that the languages linked to those in another group give a rough image of how similar that language is to the whole group.
I thought your country liked genocide?
Only if they're a nigerian prince
That's not just "maintaining a political position".
We offer many things as city has traditional taverns or kafana, already mentioned splavovi for rnb and popular global hits, rave/edm scene, rock, indie, you name it
overly hyped tourist trap imo
You couldn’t give us a break, didn’t you
And chancelor Palpatine is evil
We say smrt in Serbian too
Russia is only an enemy that we are creating.
Because there was an idea to swap Puntos and older Yugo models made in Kragujevac car factory for 500L produced there.
Argue with the Balkan countries all night until we get tipsy then we're best friends and we start dancing
Gypsys,but in Serbia a lot of people love bulgarians
The 19th century and the Obrenović dynasty in general (as well as their allies such as Jovan Ristić) are more often romanticised by pro-Western liberal conservatives such as Latinka Perović, Dubravka Stojanović, Čeda Antić etc
Religious radical auto-detect systems for which they
In Hungarian, I sound and feel really deep, formal and serious
Novi Sad has catacombs and tunnels built during the Austro-Hungarian era since it was a border city to the Ottomans in case of a siege or attack
The terrorist must have been silvers
They all have inferior quality in a comparison with the same brands which are sold in western Europe.
All of the Balkans
Serbia and Croatia have plenty of reasons to be divided.
There have been a few stabbings between themselves, and trespassing/petty theft on other people's property...
Ah, ok
I am not a Russophile, I wasn't against the sanctions for example but this constant antagonisation isn't needed and won't help anyone.
For example "ch" in spanish, or "ci" and "chi" in italian
And yeah, Muslims aren't happy,but seeing how Serbs are supported by Serbia, Croats by Croatia, they really don't have a choice since they are alone in the matter.
I really haven't heard any woman being discriminated based on her gender.
1919/1940-Yugo 1
It has been recorded that the Serbian army liberated their homeland so quickly that the allied armies weren’t able to distribute supplies to them so fast
See, thats how you get people to look at you like you're a schizophrenic
Stavrianos, Charles (2006)
There are some expensive ones, but nobody will beg on streets for it
On route, if going by car/bus/train you can stop in Vienna, Novi Sad, Zlatibor mountin, Sarajevo, Reggio Calabria
They meddle in other countries' elections (and unlike this story we have actual proof of that), they topple legitimate governments that don't align with US interests.
I had no idea, the world is a weird place :)
I would have thought that ethnic Albanians from Macedonia would be going to Albania instead similar to how Croats and Serbs from Bosnia are going to Croatia and Serbia.
Not really, only the label of 90s kid exists
When they actually get where I'm from its "Oh you have internet (or any basic necessity) there
''Serbo-Croatian also called Serbo-Croat, Serbo-Croat-Bosnian, Bosnian-Croatian-Serbian or Bosnian-Croatian-Montenegrin-Serbian is a South Slavic language and the primary language of Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Montenegro.
hella cooler than Greece
Our best neighbours, orthodox brothers
I know Idi i smotri, but that's about it
Serbia still has many people to deal with and the "deported" people are still in the heart of Europe.
We consider Lidl good, but that's because of the prices, not quality, for that we go to the local markets
You put your clothes and an hour and ironing later they're ready to use.
Migrants stopped at Serbia's border with Croatia
I've heard of that, but we have no such thing
Good one
Only when there's NATO support.
Pools can't accomodate more than few hundred spectators.
Next minute we have a government that is trying to legalise theft, is using anti-EU rhetoric amd causing massive protests unseen in the country's democractic history.
And when the yellow vests were in France we thought it was chaos
Needs one more river to become Belgrade
ti si baš u nekom mentalnom problemu kad koristiš svaku priliku da pljuješ bilo šta što ima veze sa Srbijom.
I used to work with a bloke from England and in the winter, he would always smoking outside wearing just a dress shirt
Are seriously tying to make me believe this bullshit?
I am guessing everyone knows each other in this place
This is true, I was always amazed at how cheap water in Greece is
You cannot sound like a native
You might be right, but we can only speculate.
Both states were, at least for most of their history, multinational empires and not nation states.
There won't be such a conflict between Croatia Slovenia and Serbia, especially if you consider Serbia being an EU candidate, and other two being members.
What exactly is Serbian propaganda?
Referendum was choosing a pro EU government every 2 or 4 years since year 2000.
But people would probably say "that's too much effort" or something, so fuck everyone then
I always do this haha, I'm notoriously bad with names.
Only few thousand Serbs live or has business connection in Russia.
>B) yes, its a problem
> I think many people also don't know how cruel the war actually was
When wave of nationalism striked the area in 19th century, lot of those nations got their long waited statehood (Serbia, Romania, Bulgaria, Montenegro)
Serbians don't want to be in the EU,europeans don't want serbians in,can't we just stop the charade
Mosr Serbs, grudgingly, realize this fact of life.
Bogu iza nogu or Bogu iza Leđa, meaning behind God's legs or behind God's back
Greetings from Serbia
and I thought this only happens in Serbia...
If you're on a really tight budget you can also couchsurf which I have done before and can recommend, although I am not doing it on my current journey.
You guys failed so many times before.
Idk what else to say, good luck sorting that out then.
They are divided by Sava (a river) and have a bridge in between
Majority of heroine in Europe comes from Albanian extremists in Kosovo, it's unfortunate that people will hate the whole nation beocuse of things like that but that's just how it is
Not beeing poor from Switzerland or Norway
Hope something comes out of it
I knew about the social services, that basically do nothing and leech money, but department for children is a new one for me
You got fucked over by the British hard, and still aren't free to this day
This sub is so anti-Serbian that your comment and those above yours are the most upvoted in this thread.
I didn't imply the direct connection between two, I just said that knowing that he doesn't respect Serbs, I wouldn't be surprised that nasty things could be said (out of fury, in spite, etc
Or take 2 famous athletes and combine it ffs
A drunk Serb wanted to fire a canon in 1804 in the middle of the night and ended up killing the Ottoman officer who commanded the local army which fought the Serbian revolutionaries
Serbia seems to be a loyal russian puppet
So, yeah, BiH is a site with the highest risk of war happening (not counting Kosovo), followed by Albania and Croatia
Never had I been a target of a crime, but my parents were
this sub is hyperbolic when it comes to estonia
Interestingly, though, wikipedia mentions this
(Also, what does anti UN mean
Single minded focus on changing US policy toward Russia for "unknown" reasons.
Also Ottomans treated far worse to Slavs than any other christian minority.
Yeah,actually Kosovo makes 100% of Kosovo,but it only makes about 10% of the Republic of Serbia
My bro is doing his masters in this and man the contract he got is
Waffle
The younger generations of Italy,Spain,Portugal,Greece,Bulgaria,Serbia are not the actors who caused the stagnation and in some cases amputation of their countries but they still share their pain.
That's why they want to be independent and form Great Albania
When my grandpa asked him why, he said "In Greece, I can make a little less money than I make in Germany, but for a lot less work".
Probably because the majority of Ukraine are anti Russian.
It should be obvious, and if not then actually try reading about it from something that isn't Serbian propaganda.
And that one is even made in Bosnia I believe
and the Serbian number is wrong because it took into account the covid travel bans during the pandemic in 2020 which were only temporary
I can bet my left arm that he hasn't made one step inside of Serbia.
Ukrainian constitution doesn't allow them to secede without the permission of the whole of Ukraine
Serb (Serbo-Croatian too)
Fuck Milošević, if only we did it sooner
Before refugee crisis there was Greek crisis.
Regardless of how you feel about Kosovo's independence this whole "look how evil Serbia is" is so misinformed.
The Sun has neuter gender "to Sunce", while the Moon has masculine gender "taj Mesec". The Earth tho is feminine "ta Zemlja". I don't think there's much story to why is it so
Serbia
so he showed up before you told him to come
few relationships, but almost no marriages.
I am not even an ethnic Serb, but I must say it is a priceless cultural treasure
Belgrade Serbia: Šešelj's Chetniks marched with chetnik flags and pictures of Putin and Draža Mihalović
Ijekavian is spoken in Western Serbia too, and it's official just like ekavian
And the austrohungarian occupation of Bosnia?
This
French
Worst of all, all fears of Serbia are unwarranted
Heh, it's my flair now, so you're right, worth a laugh.
We have good relations with everyone except with Kosovo for obvious reasons, and Croatia Serbia relations are just political point jabbing in the newspapers, we actually go to Croatia for vacation, they visit Belgrade for night life etc, economic cooperation is good too.
Phrased it awkwardly, I was aware of the context, what I meant was that the link to Serbia was tangential at best and the prime issue here is internal Macedonian-Albanian relations.
Sounds a lot like Vojvodina
It's not centuries, though
Most people here earn around 300€... If you have more than 600€ a month you can basically do whatever you want
Serbia doesn't actually want peace, do they?
You can travel to Moldova, Serbia, Albania without a passport.
During the Ottoman advance non-Serb population escaped, so the Hungarians from Vojvodina "only" trace their heritage to the late 18
Tajvanska Kanasta (Taiwan Canasta) a dark comedy about everything that brought Yugoslavia to an end
Serbia was then the largest and most powerful country in the Balkans, with out own law codex (Dušan's codex) and a patriarch
You always get your surname from your father
At least that's what they're trying to do and just because they haven't succeded yet it doesn't mean that they won't try again.
If you notice a lot of the anti-Muslim people, they seem to have a heavy bias towards Christians against Muslims in all cases even if the different cases have no connections.
I'm not sure whether this should be stickied, not that it's not interesting, but regarding EU the France elections are more important since they have a semi-presidential system where the president can have a lot of power, whereas Serbia (like most European countries) is a parliamentary republic where a president is more of a ceremonial title and the main person in charge of the country is the prime minister.
Jovanović - just a surname
Such as: "Stal", "Buil", "Pakupil".
Our current president exchanged a sandwich and 1000 dinars for a vote
Also no Moldova, Serbia and a few others.
Serbian authorities intended to expel the Muslim population, as they were deemed unreliable and undesirable that needed to be substituted with other inhabitants
Montenegro frelly get out of Serbia.
I would fight the Turks, I guess
Afaiu, u said that medieval state has nothing to do with modern one, am I wrong?
Thank you, skyrim
Roof
scorched earth) unless you want to "cleanse" the territory of all opposition.
We can and will do this too, and I love it :) but we also have the opposite, suffixes for making things sound big in a kind of mean way
If you take into a consideration all the variations of these three languages, there are a lot of dialects
You run away after you sober up, not while drunk.
Severina x  Ministrake - Uno Momento (Croatian/Serbian)
Standard Bosnian, standard Croatian and standard Serbian are [ethnolects] based on [the same dialect] part of the South Slavic dialect continuum.
Ukrainians are still able to irrationally hate Russia and many Ukrainians do.
It would be fine if US troops were held accountable for their actions
I call them out for similar bullshit like celebrating ethnic cleansing and putting a plaque with a fascist salute in concentration camps.
But if you join the Serbian Union, you get into the EU.
Me personally, I'd like to study or live there for a year to experience it but that's about it, the US that is
i only use cash - it's better in a lot of ways
It's the best way for everyone that's not from Greece, Macedonia, Albania, Montenegro, and maybe south-western parts of Croatia and Bosnia.
Never heard of a "Yugo-Slavonia", Slavonia is a region of Croatia, and there was a [Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia] but it was a part of Austria-Hungary.
My advice for learning any language is to learn the alphabet first then words then phrases
It got a lot of media coverage, and few years later, the national assembly passed the law that introduced the institution of life sentence in our country’s criminal law
Imagine using a word never when discussing politics lol
In Bosnia there is no *burek with*, there is just *burek* and it's filled with meat.
Like amount of educated people that left
The only reason i want to be in the EU is so we get actually included in these maps
Almost half of the Spanish army has been in Yugoslavia, either near Sarajevo or Mostar.
Hope you will fix that while painting
Rural areas sure, but I've never had issues communicating with locals in any city, bigger town, or tourist destinations, and I've been lucky enough to travel a lot
Ya you should totally annex them
This right here is the reason why Serbs and Croats can't get along.
We simply don't let past generations fucked-upness shape our future or our relationships
Many of us actually do not like it at all
Kosovo and Metohia is an integral part of Serbia.
Tbh it wouldn't be bad for Canada either.
- The wages and costs of housing are not proportional
So, Albania/"Kosovo", only solution I see is a one country two systems type approach on Kosovo (like Hong Kong), or us re annexing Kosovo
There is a unwritten law which in short says:,,Any one deemed a cannibal is automatically killed
All that in ten years
You should try doing this in a hall.
That's cause nobody jokes about it
And right Serbian nationalist call themselves chetniks all the time o btw I don't get how for home ready offendes anyone ...
Literally nothing to see or do there except take a picture and leave
In the end Putin does not care at all how that will end for you.
In WW2 we side again with Germany for another opportunity to hit back those that screwed us before and get back some land.
15% is undecided, they will probably be for joining tho, because there is no alternative.
Getting a Christmas tree, presents, etc., have nothing to do with faith and are folk traditions.
Aethalometer
The English soft R together with U and to return to another soft R with a different vowel is just mind-boggling.
I started learning printed letters in kindergarten and cursive in 1st or 2nd grade I think
As a kid i hated German, but now i kinda like it.
I was sleeping here in Northern Serbia
Just go directly to cursive
Nothing except the change of the language for the worse, I guess
I like swedish people too, even though you guys are harder to get to know, and almost impossible to meet someone randomly on the street.
Mostly smuggled in by our expatriates from Germany and Scandinavian countries
Although for certain things, like essays, or something more formal I like to use Cyrillic
Croatia, Bosnia and Montenegro
Later during 90's they tried to create their own state by war and ended up with republika Srpska.
I understand what you're saying, but decision to proclaim those languages as separate is more political than linguistic
Wow, that's nice
Half Serbian half Albanian here, I was born and raised in Belgrade and at the end of the civil war I ended up as refugee in Tirana so I got to know both sides really well.
>He wanted to show his son, that people my age do work here in Denmark
Also a large part of these countries - like Spain, Italy, Austria - come from Napoleonic Wars, when we wanted to secure our independence ;(
• Puca mi kurac - My dick is exploding(firing, crackling)
Come home, my mountain Serb brother
NOM NOM NOM
Also you are waaay oversimplifying Serbian and Russian relations and based on your comment track record I'd say that you're either a child or a troll.
Though to be fair, you do use all 4 accents in our standard system while we just use two, I believe.
That's why it's an honourable mention
Not sure that would happen considering what relations we have right now, but if they go batshit crazy and attack us too, I will flee as west as I can.
I don't live in the EU
Hungary
Their stereotype/joke is that they are gay; they are the most left-wing and LGBT-friendly city in Serbia
The Chetniks massacred thousands of Bosniaks particularly in Sandžak, the Partisans interned the German minority in Vojvodina in concentration camps before sending them all to Germany similarly to what happened in Czechia
King Dragutin first got Belgrade as a gift from Austro-Hungarians in 13th century and then it was capital for the first time during the rule of Stefan Lazarević in 15th century, mostly cause relations with Austro-Hungarians were good and Ottomans were a threat on the south so capital had to be as far away as possible
Your niece is not just your niece
What could they possibly achieve with independence?
He saw that the battle at Kosovo is over and got his army back at Serbia
Thanks Bosnia and N.Macedonia for keeping up with our shit all these years
Would you not agree that a country (where I lived for over 20 years) should spend more money in restoring their economy instead of funding NATO?
But I bet you couldn't point Serbia on map, so I knew you werent looking for constructive discussion
Are you comparing Serbia to Hitler?
As a personal example, my parents were born just after WW2
>(Nje is for the roots that are drying)
You trying to defend what us did to serbia and montenegro is unbelivable
See Ivan, water becomes warm when heated.
There's more Albanian-majority areas left in Serbia than Serbian-majority areas in Kosovo, so such an exchange would never be acceptable to Serbia.
Atheists are not that common thing here, but they are seen as regular, normal people
I think I remember that one, too
Why are you studying Serbian
So this means what
The last one being a really interesting case, since Rusyn, not to be confused with Russian, is only spoken in Vojvodina and a few municipalities across the border
If left is so good Brexit, Trump and Pen wouldn't be option
I mean, they are conducting air operations in Syria for 1 and a half year to the minimum losses of planes and personnel, outdated force couldn't possibly do that.
A Serbian raw vegan who doesn’t drink
I'm afraid that bridge has been burnt, Serbia had ample time after Milosevic was removed to attempt to persuade Kosovo's population that they'd be better off staying in Serbia but all they did was threaten.
i think the parliament should just renounce them of their royalty status.
You're going to tell me Serbia had a quarter of a million strong army in Croatia?
EDIT: Just looked into the source on that one, it would seem it's from the book "Srbi i Albanci kroz vekove" (*Serbs and Albanians Through the Ages*) by Petrit Imami
You mean the Former Yugoslavian Republic of Macedonia and the Autonomous region of Serbia known as Kosovo?
What does population have to do with sovereign territory?
Ukraine and Moldova are not South Europe
Nothing out of the ordinary here.
For example, that moron Merkel condemned Vucic (our PM soon to be president) which indirectly said she is fine with Vucic being dictator because he promised her God knows what
EDIT 2: Please stop telling me Nikola is a name in Serbia
Everyone knew of nazi atrocities, concentration camps, mass executions, the works.
Its been rebeling and causing problems since the 80s
I mean they pulled all this shit with Ukraine because of Sevastopol, makes you wonder what they would do to get to the Adriatic.
Here it is taught quite a bit
Idk about others, but i listen to it when playing games with the boys
It's also sometimes fun to play as a tiny German state but it is really hard
It's not even a coping strategy I think people just don't care and never did
Like others have said we don't learn year by year more like by hundred years and periods
, Milošević (although he would usually just imprison people for a bit and mess with the election results)
Looks like a city of Krivi Rih.
Spain will only recognize Kosovo when Serbia officially recognizes it (and as such relinquishes all its claims on it)
I want all of the ethnicities on Kosovo to live in peace and the governments causing harm to go fuck themselves
Sadly Croatia claims more than Serbia, so they need something more than the kittle pocket to make it worth while
I'm not denying communism did damage, I'm saying communism isn't the sole reason EE was always behind WE
you think you can teach yourself computer science and to create an AI with as an advanced algorithm as the one you described?
There would have to be an agency that would define expected quality on per product basis.
He is known as famous writer and one of first to rose up against Milošević, yet now his party isn't more than a satelit one inside the ruling party.
It's a way of life here
Russia is as capitalist as any other western country but without as much social protection, ignoring the fact that he's a clear dictator.
I haven't followed French politics that much so far but if he is pro Russian then what is Le Pen then?
Most Swiss will know someone from each France, Italy, Portugal, Germany, Serbia and Albania.
I am not buying that Serbian/Croatian is closer to Russian than Ukranian is.
The Balkan Wars had some massacres of Albanians as well, and Kosovan villages were razed and later colonized
\- Governments whose core base of voters are fanatic pensioners who rise in 7 AM to vote while healthy young people sleep until noon, wake up and see that it's a bit rainy today, and decide not to vote
So even though we have actual reality to show us that there are actual solutions that mostly work you want to not use the systems that work
/u/onlyhere4laffs, to answer the second part of your question:
Besides learning breaf world and European history, my historical education went something like this:
Similar to other languages, it's thought to have been created by criminals as a way to not be understood by the police
Hell, in some ways it even benefits China to have Euro countries divided so that China will have far more clout.
U (in)
I know of weirdos who unironically think that quarantines should continue after the pandemic because of this
Nedić was somewhat respected and was part of chief of staff, while Ljotić was nobody
Drzi se
Yeah, and now they are in Republic of Srpska.
we should federalise it and turn it into a real democracy before those undemocratic ways scare away even more countries
Basically whats happening in America with BLM but religion based
Anyway that's still a minor problem than France having an ultra pro Eu or a pro Russian president.
I pretty much write only in Latin unless I'm required to write in Cyrillic, or if the document I'm filling out is in Cyrillic
Croatia
Err, that there are no investigations, or informations from international organizations such as UN and ICC, that there are not such claims neither from Montenegrin and Serbian police, that there are no detailed journal articles that can 100% affirm that the Russian citizens detained for the coups have any connections with the Kremlin or with the FSB.
Dragana Mirkovic
It kinda fits whole country, nice
Quit embarrassing yourself
This would be hard to pull off, but if done right it would be the best solution until we come up with a better solution
I don't think British people would support either country joining to EU with the union's current direction if they were still a part of it.
Wars with Wallachia, Moldova, Serbia,Bulgaria,Bosnia are all considered rebellions if they happened under ottoman Vasalage.
I walk up to the girl that works there and ask her for more coins and she looks me dead in the eyes and shakes her head, without saying a word
Fuck Trump
Even if one grants the absurd shqiptari version of events, the imminent threat to the Kosovars was abated long ago, and doesn't suffice to validate their fight for independence.
Džip - from Jeep, a 4x4 vehicle
[I mean they technically have a border dispute] [but it hardly looks like something worth all this fuss.]
No cooking, per se, whatsoever
His puppet, Hillary Clinton lost the election, the Brits voted out.
They mostly teach you about the tenets of your religion and depending so I went to Orthodox class and it was basically an excuse to chill with friends and bore your professors about aliens especially since the class grade doesn't go to your grade point average
Best of luck to our brotherly nations!
Also Greeks helped the Serbian Army, after the retreat in WW1, Albanians attacked the starving/sick/tired army from behind,Greeks allowed them to stay on Corfu, where there is a Blue Tomb, where Serbian soldiers were buried, and famous Serb song Tamo Daleko was made, also, Greeks and Serbs worked together to achieve independence and force the Turks out of these lands.
During the war in Serbia, we took care of Serbian Children in our homes and every school was a centre for food, medicine and clothes.
Belgrade means White City, and, well
It would be amazing if all these buildings get their facades and hallways renovated somedays
Though it does get very polluted during winter which is something you cant ignore
Wait, this sub will now tell you that being able to inflate your currency is the solution for all the economic woes.
That guy Garry Jonson seemed swell guy.
Similar, but with much less liquid
And when that's the case you can tell it is more of a Western trend they're trying out.
Hungary:Mađarska
I'm using closeness as a way to describe how you generally feel about people in other parts of the globe using a "us vs.
props to italy for remaining a contributor despite having economical problems.
she then asked if we feel them biting us at all, or are we just used to it, as we are natives
The Serbian minister of war Stepanovic for example was a protector of the Black Hand.
When were we friends
All together they compose a prefecture for that one town.
no one thought it'd not become a full scale war, both sides simply thought they'd win quickly
Is it because they wanna be in Serbia or
When I was in Prague few months ago, people woučd automatically switch to English
Go brothers
No it does not....they can literally hop on a plane and come here which is perfectly legal.
Edit: I meant to say that the Japanese make sure to instill the "law, order and discipline" in their children as early in life as possible, so you can imagine how what you mentioned appeals to them
I fucked up
Thst is the first time I've ver heard thst rumor and I've lived here for 25 years
Yeah, Serbian Empire was small and very short lived and after its short life all serbian lands fell to ottomans almost immediately; Polish-lithuanian was not an empire AFAIK; Bulgaria had 3 empires actually, which is kinda impressive; Moravia is kinda cool for being a first Slavic state.
Plenty of companies have these bullshit quotas now
Hi, my name is John
Same, made that mistake once
Sry, but Vucic's logic makes no sense at all.
Did thay bomb muslims or serbs
Japan still has the death penalty
Serbia had that right in 1918
"Operation Horseshoe was the name given by the Bulgarian government to an alleged plan of ethnic cleansing of Kosovo Albanians to be carried out by Serbian Police and the Yugoslav Army.
The Netherlands have beaten us this time I guess.
Positive, one of our few reliable and liked neighbors
With Greece you are 100% correct , I am not that sure about Hungary but Bulgaria and Serbia are split between the West and the East.
Romanian was about a battle during the war of the Roses
Do not
EDIT: Also the GTA character Niko Bellic is supposedly Serbian
He killed 45+ Nazis, blew up one German tank, and before the war had built a whole fucking village with only one of his friends and my father (his son), that didn't matter to the partizans, he was a capatalist who saw through their lies and saw they were treacherous barbarians who didn't give a shit about the country, only about establishing communism
Moldova is our bro, Brolgaria is nice and Ukraine is already caught up in war.
It's funny how all of the commenters are Bosnian
You could also buy pretty much any appartment in Belgrade
This won't happen in Serbia anytime soon
There is a bevy of similar racist things he said about Serbia if you look for it online
Also Grancanica which is populated by Serbians is near Prishtina and people can move freely there if they want to harm them.
And there's no way he can get even 1%, he barely got enough signatures to be even accepted as a candidate.
Kill it with fire !!! i mean covid19
No,there are refuqees everywgere
the deaths went down in the us, showing that it is not as deadly as we’ve heard
Even though Serbian despotate is far more worthy of the praise, but it was tiny and nationalist need to overcompensate
You can fairly fault them for their wartime conduct if you wish, but it was not they who instigated either conflict.
Ours too
Its cheap but bad quality
He is not arrested but you put in parlament.
I see B92 and what lies they spew on the rest of the Balkans, I can; take them seriously on anything internal to Serbia either.
I've never seen someone order rabbit meat in a restaurant
It says there's no results found
Was this terrorist attack by US worth the dead that will come out of it as a response
In Serbia, we are losing around 50 000 people per year on a population of 6
However, we do have several patriotic songs I'd concider as "national poems":Vostani Serbije, Onamo 'Namo, Marš na Drinu, Boj na Mišatu, and Gorski Vijenac, tho this one is, let's say contravercial
From there you could connect Sofia, to Kulata / Greek border, and probably to Plovdiv and Turkish border aswell
Hats off Turks, hats off (or fezes, sorry).
Although he is a collaborationist, he wasn't the worst by far
A dynasty founded by a Bosnian noble and his Croatian wife suddenly Serbian, much wow.
I live in eastern Serbia and I remember there was a lot of snow back when I was a kid (2000s and early 2010) starting from December and sometimes up until mid April
Desolve that criminal entity before accepting them to the EU.
Keep quiet and pretend you're Albanian.
To make matters worse, if they decide to ally with Russia then a Greek/Serbian conflict against Turkey would resemble something out of 1946.
It's stupid if someone says he speaks Serbian, if he has never learnt it.
*Russian*
Funny enough in the middle ages you were obliged by law to show hospitality and if you dont you would get whipped or in rare cases, chopped off yer arm
Are a lot of those names anglicismic?
Not that i endorse that pussy mouth anywhere
Skip to 1804, first uprising, we do good, but Napoleon invades Russia; so we loose, but then we fight again in 1814, and win, and cultural and national renesance, language standardised, wars with Turks and constantly fearing Austria
Girls on the other hand go out in order to be seen, take selfies for their Instagram, and hopefully get photographed by the club's photographer and have their photos posted on the club's official Facebook page.
Also, they are not imported if they are made in Serbia, you can't import goods in your own country lol
And I realize that's not a big deal, just saying).
Jagodić, Miloš (2004)
While it's a generally accepted term and used on TV and such, it can definitely be used to with a derogatory or condescending connotation to talk down on people who are from smaller places and the stigma that usually comes with it
The other part of the country can be called provincija if you want to be politically correct but there is often more vulgar term "vukojebina" meaning hellhole, literal translation "place where wolves fuck", mind the language
Don't know so much about that, but I have heard that, depite uninterrupted growth for decades, and acknowledging that Poland took the hard road in the 90s, it is resistant to tackling bureaucratism.
US for the bombings, no idea how it can be fixed but first step is persecuting Clinton and his helpers for the illegal use of depleted uranium
-Fresh from university (MSc civil Eng
Although I'm thankful I didn't have to learn it in school, as it was a pain in the ass for everyone
Where do you have to do that
It was the time of the year when you get out and cut wood.
Trump and Putin don't get a say in european matters and the Balkans, not anymore at least.
It's not awkward tho
Yes i agree, i think the reforms are the best thing to happen to Serbia since Slobodan fell from power.
He killed 45+ Nazis, blew up one German tank, and before the war had built a whole fucking village with only one of his friends and my father (his son), that didn't matter to the partizans, he was a capatalist who saw through their lies and saw they were treacherous barbarians who didn't give a shit about the country, only about establishing communism
I am really, really not sure if they are trying to put so much hatred onto themselves to get obliterated by a white, christian man, once again
Balkan holding it down
I thought Albania and Croatia had more of a 'the enemy of my enemy is my friend' kinda relationship.
KLA was an Albanian seccesionist group, which among other activities such as smuggling, carried out terrorist attacks in Kosovo against the Serbian population.
Actually, Montenegrins were pretty fine with that
I am not for this tradition but the title is misleading.
You really just can't wait to reopen the Jacobin club can you?
Contemporary Macedonia is barely even part of Ancient Macedon (I believe only the most southern tip was part of that).
We're the ones discussing history here, and you're making baseless claims.
Hell, after WW2, there was already a new european union in the works to prevent future misunderstandings and wars.
yea there's also a "rumor" about the same thing going around in serbia
They just unified at some point and then broke off
Give me a break, don't teach me about morals please.
A fascinating take on the Russia situation, in line with other opinions I've heard and read and it seems objectively the most accurate.
I didn't know about this
Same here
We won both Balkan wars
Also, Leskovac in Southern Serbia, which was one of the richest cities before WW2, but was tottaly destroyed during the war and didn't recover since
Albania is an outsider and a Greater Albania would have been at least just as bad.
Are you in favor of returning Kosovo to Serbia?
We have same temperatures and no snow...
I was wondering if the names werr traditionally latvian or not.
I doubt the journalist would gotten that room in he hadn't specifically asked for it
Kosovo is Serbia
Now, if the Albanians actually performed an armed attack on the Serbian minority, then Serbia declaring war on Kosovo wouldn't be that strange.
Yeah the way the Second Balkan war was taught to me was that it was totally Serbia and Greece's fault that Bulgaria attacked them.
On Albania Serbia soccer match Serbscwent berserk and attacked players because they saw an Albanian flag.
There's also word play in there, "na molu" can be "on the pier" or "instead of a minor scale"
Bosnia is a country but some of those guys would rather be part of Serbia.
Video proof of a nice lady from the ruling party helping people with poor eyesight:
But .. but how can it be a type of soup
Checking in
It is his alma mater(grave digging).
What will make someone love you will really trigger someone else
I didn't personally live under communism but I hear everyone saying it's was so good, that they had money to go to like turkey nearly every summer
Even though Serbian despotate is far more worthy of the praise, but it was tiny and nationalist need to overcompensate
It's the same meaning with the words changed
Again no war is allowed to happen.
In Serbian casual speech it would be something like Tata, jesi to ti tu
Government is a representative of the people.
Now we have a wall in the style of soviet era, a train, and who knows what tomorrow Vucic will take out of his black hat.
Hides information about migrant crimes.
They were free to indoctrinate local population.
There is *technically* nothing wrong with the post.
Hardly a horde, or a racism problem in Serbia.
[The Name of Mary Church] better known as the cathedral by locals even though it's not an actual cathedral
But I take it that you're fine with holding referendums to join the EU?
Leading the way:
Umm
We are generous to our friends and unyielding to our enemies.
Where I live everyone's like "Germany is rich, good laws, good people
A bride can adorn herself with many beautiful jewels on her big day, but never pearls, as they symbolize tears
Don't you try to wiggle your way out of it
It's different in Serbia and Croatia because we are heretics and have ''burek'' with anything.
In my 10 years of going to sea, I've seen 10 people being topless
It is seen as negative because of the anger  and stress it produces when not being precise on time
When my family moved in this apartment we renovated it to modern standards but we literally had 0 problems witch if u ask me is pretty impressive considering this building is almost 70 years old
During the “Buying the Bride” custom, the groom’s brother will put money in the bride’s shoe and spin in it three times
I had to look it up - we eat this all the time but made with milk and sugar
I'm sorry, what
Yes, but it's not a game
She introduced me to everyone as 'Nemac' which is German in Serbia even though we are from Chicago.
As for as I know Northern Greece is still called Macedonia so I don't know what did you mean with the 'ancient part'.
So, yeah, BiH is a site with the highest risk of war happening (not counting Kosovo), followed by Albania and Croatia
For instance - Norway, yeah it has a pretty good life standard, but it's kind of uneventful and quiet, except that, I like cities and urbanized places more than mountains, forests and other natural goods
Our countrie's history is wierd, we are either trying to wipe the other off the face of the Earth, or being friends
Should Serbia again make a Non-Aligned movement lol?
Also I know people born in Novi Sad like to call people who come to live there "dođoš" which has sort of look down on feel to it, meaning "the one who came".
Thank you and just know if any Serb ever invites you to his Slava know that he respects you, since we have a saying "na Slavu se ne poziva" which means you don't call people to Slava so if you are invited that means that you are a special and respected person
and a lot are giving their guns back nowadays due to high taxation of it
[A bit different, but in Belgrade, Serbia, they have an artificial beach on the main river, it's pretty close to the city centre.
Some other public service will have to suffer.
(Disclamer: I'm not a lawyer, this is only what I've heard)
I am not saying that Serbia is a Trojan horse of Europe.
And since packages weren’t received by those who paid for them, they complained to AliExpress and got their money back, but that left sellers without money and the goods
Literally, and don't get me started with small k. Thank god after 6th grade we didn't have to write cursive latin again
It's easy to call people Putinbots but I think there is also just a combination of some people don't like America + Russia does a really good job at confusing people.
But there are non-Albanian minorities living there and Serbian is a co-official language?
That's why you "don't call people to Slava". On Slavas there is always a lot of friends and family
who could be better at dealing with lying dicks than a pornstar?
Isn't it "Hej Hej Monika"?
she looks a bit like Olga Kuzmina (which is amazingly c u t e)
Wait, we have this culture
Because we stated in Slovenia and Croatia and me and my mates do care about balkan politics we had plenty of discussions throughout our trip.
We have them here in the Balkans as well.
Winter savory and wild thyme are my favorites
In other words, they are a criminal agency and one of it's main specialties is spreading propaganda and fake news.
Yes
While you are completely right and as a Serb I also think that Croatia is a beautiful country with friendly people, you should know that the picture about those snipers is also misleading.
" But English correct is to be said Ride instead of drive so i get confused about those 2 things
Hey mate, how are things going after HDZ stole basically everything they could leaving the country with the public debt growing exponentially?
lol i always found it weird that people can't pronounce words like "hrv" where r is a vowel.
We are merely pretenders, the true masters of kebab are of course Turks.
I just don't know why i even bother here.
And may you get fucked for at least a few more, brother
Which European country has the most beautiful design of car plates
Six
Serbia is known for having functioning law system.
Greetings from Serbia
I don't think any other chocolate brand comes close
) even though they are not literally meant
Clearly someone has tried to leak some Serbian battle plans.
Is Serbia starving and needs the foodproducts?
As i said, there are benefits, you just choose to ignore them.
The only way to solve that is to defeat Serbia
We both are pro-EU countries, one is neutral by constitution other is joining NATO.
“We have been trying to promote to them the idea of going to a proper camp, [and] many have accepted.
(altho Njegoš is also a name nowdays)
[Here they are, on another picture for the wedding
Apart from that, probably Novi Pazar (not a region but a city)
That index goes by number of countries you can visit visa - free.
To increse the Serbian population of course.
> białogłowa
Its not like Ireland has some historical religious value to the English or was ever part of England.
This coming from the alliance that outlawed people making fun of it on the internet
I'm not playing a victim, although that's common behaviour in both our nationalities.
This is my final appeal and warning to Albanians on Kosovo and Churchland, DO NOT attempt to attack Serb people in Kosovo and Churchland, for Serbia will not allow such a thing!"
You could also buy pretty much any appartment in Belgrade
Ah Ortodox brotherin
A lot of people are against Serbia because Serbian paramilitary forces committed atrocities during the Yugoslav wars, such as the [Srebrenica massacre] but the thing is, you can't blame a whole country/nation for what a part of their people did, a thing a lot of people forget when they blame Serbia or when the blame the US for, for example, invading Iraq.
It's driving me and everyone else in here insane too
It generally probably will be quite cold so dress warmly
&#x200B;
Every country now wants to make fake news illegal.
I mean, it definitely can be a sign of culture
Cyrillic |Latin | pronunciation
Croat president apologizes for handing out Serbian chocolate after a furor on Facebook
Fair enough, Euros are a massive event and there wasn't any problems there.
Serbia is at the tipping point of accepting the facts on the ground.
Go brothers
Hair Clips
like 50+ year old people do, poppy seed tea was popular to "put children to sleep" and farmer did used it to get high
Ppl there are just gping to get infected
Belgrade is to Serbia what Paris is to France, people like to act smug and like they are better than the rest of the country (especially if their family comes from Belgrade)
You obviously have not much, if any, time in America.
Well, that's to be understood, we also have old people pissed off at Germany, but we also have younger people pissed off at NATO.
Oh right, almost forgot about that one...
To be honest everyone was working against Hungary in the 1848 revolutions
Massacring military personnel in times of war (around 5 thousand Serbian soldiers altogether from 1876 to 1878) is light years apart from expelling tens of thousand of civilians (Čedomir Popov mentions 30 thousand) after the war was over
We have a 110 versus 83 situation, so to say that Kosovo is disputed territory "according to only one state" (Serbia) is ludicrous.
Croatia is really small compared to Turkey tho.
So it is not any EU law that is responsible for the system you have there.
"in the last 30 days" i guess people just don't smoke THAT often
My  balkan country is far safer to walk around at night than Paris
I dont know if their goal is to try and take it under serbia because serbian government has showed that is willing to pull all kinds of stuff, but I would glady exchange it with Preseva and Bujanovac if that would mean the end of political conflicts but doubt EU would allow it.
Growing up, we had a lot of Russian/Soviet Jews and the Serbs definatley have the same connection.
Turkey doesn't care about Bosnia.
Considering phrases, i tend to pick up both, but i'm aware that some that i use a lot are British  (Mate, fucking hell, 'a'ight mate
Yall are weirdoes
I'm currently lucky enough to earn few times more than the average sallary in here, and I won't be able to afford one fifth of that
United in hating each other is still united
I know one very popular around the south is that schools are forcing meditation on children so they would turn them homosexual and non-Christian, meanwhile HAARP is being used to disrupt the weather and cause floods so we would starve or get cancer by eating GMO foods and eventually die off from either non-reproduction, due to homosexuality, or starvation
Nice
Not exactly, I don't know many people that care at all about Russia.
Yeah, specifically when it comes to homosexuality and transsexuals.
Basically, if you go out hoping to meet strangers and possibly hook up with someone, you'll go home disappointed.
Thanks Romania for being great neighbors
Why are there Croats living in the Serbian Republic, which is part of Bosnia Herzegovina?
Oh yeah
A deal must be done to settle the whole thing once and for all.
In our law the Constitutional court is treated as something different and not a regular court, but a whole different entity hence ya can only go there when you used up all of yer legal remedies
I live in Sirmium which was the capital of it for a period
A foreigner in /r/serbia asked how to separate trash while in Serbia
Met a lot if Nikolas not one of them went by Niko
So, TL;DR : West is good but contemplate on France, south is decent, if you secure a place up north you are good to go, avoid the Balkans, avoid saying you are americans (except in Albania/Kosovo, people worship you here lol), DEFINITELY avoid the east, Centre is good too, consider Germany.
An albanian from Serbia is Serbian.
Yes because the retreat had to be done during winter and the only way was through the mountains.
Ummm everybody around us, except maybe Hungary because we're currently bffs with Orban
Dont be fooled its impossible in Serbia because you actually need money to go shopping
bulgarian language is slavic, but bulgarians might not be.
English is a blunt instrument, like a hammer, while my mother tongue is a thousand scalpels control by alien AI
2% literate, 14
land given back to the University
"Upadi Albanaca u Srbiju 1879
They are politically anti-progressives which is ironically a progressive and liberal nihilist philosophy that believes the Westernism is inherently flawed and malignant for world influence and that it ultimately leads onto collapse
Croatia, Bosnia, and Serbia burek best burek
You got it all wrong, i like US, i dont like globalism.
No obviously not, people should have an equal say in the ideal world but couple the fact that Serbs would have to give up a large amount of not only territory but power (considering they were WW1 victors) to their former enemies, it was ludicrous
Maybe the north part of Vojvodina, bc its full of Hungarians
The first Yugoslavia wasn't forced upon anyone
Serbia, as a country, didn't exist in 1600, 1700 or 1800
Here in Serbia you just pray not to get hit by a car
I'd remove this subject from the school anyway, it's much much better that you learn religion in church, right
I'm guessing you are refering to Sergeant McCabe, the whistleblower in that last comment.
I am not saying that we should't try mostly for mental health issues that you can get from our politics but lets be honest will never be as the Netherlands,Germany,Denmark
Germany and Italy are getting really old.
For example "ujak" always means mother's brother and if you'd use it for your uncle from your father's side, it wouldn't make sense
Besides Serbian and it's sister languages (Croatian, Bosnian and montenigran), regional official are Hungarian, Slovak, Ruthenian and albanian, and on local level Romanian, Czech, German, Bulgarian, Romani
This is the first time that albanian political parties in FYROM have reunited and asking for basic rights of minorities, and when you consider they are state forming minority not just some kind of small minority.
It was more because of nationalism on a rise.
even in the rare cases i could pick serbian i stick with english.
[Serbian Epic poetry] impressed Goethe so much that he spoke some Serbian in order to understand it better, Goethe compared beauty of SEP to the "Song of Solomon".
I’m not exactly sure on this but I think it’s closest to Old Norse along with Faroe
Some polls even predict him to come in second, but we'll see, the elections are this Sunday.
It started with the expulsion of the Albanians from the Toplica region, at the time a majority Albanian region awarded to Serbia at the Congress of Berlin in 1878
A lot of people, including your own government, keeps forgetting that.
You said that Kosovo was not a republic therefore it did not have the right to declare independence.
We have klošare
Kosovars is a different story entirely, but I think overall Serbia shouldn't be compared to Turkey or Russia.
There's a reason they speak Albanian and not Serbian.
Point me where the numbers are in that link.
Though sarcasm aside, interestingly enough 64% of Serbians view it as a threat.
When I was on a skiing trip to Malyovitsa, I was playing pool (billiards) in the hotel and wanted to buy another round
We never went to war with Serbia so we shall keep the tradition.
Gas is about 1
[I like our flag from first Serbian uprising]
Serbia is outspoken supporter of Russia, and would serve as insider for Russia within EU
1 dinar can buy you maybe a small gum
*regaining, since we had independence before :D
People will skimp out on the mandatory vet check.
We do have some flat Earthers and I love laughing at their ingorance on Youtube comment sections
century resettlement
Hir in Srbija vi drink rakija end it sarma lajk it iz a lest dej of auvr lajf
a big reason Montenegro doesn't allow it is because all the Montenegrins living in Serbia holding serbian citizenship would vote against the ruling party were they dual citizens
Bogu iza nogu - behind god's legs
The Russians saw this for example, as the general public stop seeing the US as a friendly nation after the collapse of USSR and elected Putin.
Please do some research and realize that it's a bit more complicated than a Hollywood film.
You're always welcome
Serbia in history never had close to a living standard that Germany did
It says Serbia could’ve entered 134 before Covid per passportindex website
Thou I would vote for the one that created four wars three with our closest neighbors and one with f**ing NATO
People have a very different understanding of what Montenegrin actually is
There are many but for now id recommend [The Fourth Man]
I will be easier for them to pressure us into recognising Kosovo if we are in the EU
You really put your neighbours to shame , it isn't fun :(
It literally is you fucking idiot
Not a rare thing to have pro-NATO, pro-EU, pro-Russia, anti-EU people at the same table because we typically don't give a shit about that outside the internet.
I usually try Prussia or France but recently I've gotten a bit better at the game so i try Russia or the US
Yugoslavia with a Serbian king, black hand was supported by the Serbian military.
But I didn't know we could pay for them with the blood of Germans...
Weirdly enough, ala is archaism in Serbian and have similar meaning
After some time they've let me go alone
Vandalism in Novi Sad (Serbia): Exhibit dedicated to Vukovar destroyed
I gave my friend some rakija to take home
How come US is not supporting freedom fighters now?
I think the Dutch people can very well decide themselves who to vote for (or to not vote for).
5 times more than scientists who bust their asses of 8 hours a day or more to do work important for the humankind
Mostly because there is no other "neutral" word for any of them
In my humble opinion, that is an extremist position
In ancient world: ancient Greece and Roman empire specifically Roman republic
Croatia was not a country back then so it makes 0 sense stating his nationality was one that didnt exist at the time
I've noticed that people in Serbia tend to overlook local elections which are vital for the parliamentary elections.
Are they afraid showing that we are all just a bunch of old farts?
Jeez
And there are alot more traditions but they are more limited to some parts of serbia, so not all people do them
It isn't accurate in terms of history but it has a alot of simbols about freedom, heroics, faith and sanctity of these three
I utterly respect Stalin; he was probably the most important historical figure of 20th Century and the man who transferred USSR from a poor and basically feudal country in 1910s to a nuclear superpower in 1950s.
There are many black players here in both football and basketball.
But other companies sell by regions.
Fell apart into many warring states shortly after
Not defending all actions of Serbia in the 90s, just pointing out the double standard
In my view that is more worrisome than Malloch's petty comments.
I haven't been to Bulgaria but I've heard that Plovdiv and Sofia are totally worth your time.
The amusing bit is a traditional, and very popular song with the title and chorus ["Uči me majko, karaj me"] meaning "Teach me mother, scold me".
Milosevic outright murdered his most known critic, Stambolic
In Austria I almolst got ran over by one because it went way too fast and were 100% quiet
Stojanović, Dubravka (2010)
We call it Češka which is basically Czechia
Yeaaa, just few more decades until EU passport
The things I wouldn't prefer to communism can probably be counted on one hand.
And it shuts up half the sub who thinks Serbia is anti-eu.
My High School had 62 languages spoken in it and it wasn't an inner city school.
The main reason Eastern Europe isnt as wealthy as Western Europe is because of the failed communist central planning policies of the ussr
That's a new from r/europe, Putin has been put there by oligarchs.
But there are also significant similarities and continuities that shouldn't be so easily ignored.
I learnt a big deal of it in school school.
I still don't get how this clown was appointed as Foreign Minister of UK.
But of course, they rarely are
are u in my psych class
The Bunyevci also use their native language but they're not a recognized minority yet
Not a 1st world country that has heard about Kosovo only out of propaganda fueled news sources
I can bring the ćevapi and pljeskavica
No it certanly is not
I have a pretty positive experience with them, I have a chair from them (it costed around $140) and the build is just excellent
Didn't AKP get popular because they improved the economy in rural, underdeveloped parts of the country?
Disturbing lack of trees near the buildings
Also, one of his most famous books (Animal Farm) is essentially one extended attack on the Soviet system of government
Yeah, all 150 years of it
Yes you can speak fine Serbian, but we will always know you're not from here
Me too
They don't have a reaction, never heard of Serbia
I see it as disgusting, and hate it, but many others don't really care and non-smokers mostly let smokrr friends smoke in their house which is stupid
For example in veterinary ambulance i work in, there are 8 male workers including me
Why do all Romanian names make me go NUMA NUMA YAY, NUMA NUMA NUMA YAY
Maybe it's different for Serbian citizens
So who was fucking the thatched roof cottages?
If you are looking to be offended
0, socialism y'all
Shame
It does if you sell oil, a resource Serbia doesn't have.
So I'm not about to shed tears for their claim to the peninsula which they gained with fire and sword.
Greece was in trouble because that match took place in Athens.
I'm guessing YouTube would remove this quicker than you could say paradižnik.
Brazilian footballer racially abused in Serbia
Islamism have nothing to do with it, more like communism.
Making a base next to Serbia in the middle of the Balkans is more than just being nice to the Albanians because they care about them.
We all really don't like Turks and we all have Inferiority and Superiority complex those are negative ones, although i don't think they apply to Slovenia that much
Special Police Units of Europe - Serbia's Žandarmerija
Russia clearly has imperial ambitions.
Yes its true, in my fathers village one woman almost killed her doughter with that tea
No one made them sell out their company to shitty shareholders
If I am not mistaken in Russian you only have "past finished tense" - meaning, all your verbs end on "l".
Makes absolutely 0 difference to me.
He fought for an Albanian cause, not a Serbian one.
That's a whole different story, because we are talking about totally different ethnic groups with different languages and different cultures and even different religions.
Personally I leave my door unlocked during day, but locked when everyone go to sleep
But that isn't the topic, you're derailing the discussion from the main point.
It's nice to be in touch with your roots
Know what I will just do it
Aljoša is a name in Serbian though for instance
Romania and Bulgaria became fully absorbed into the EU at the start of 2014.
...the persistent threat of the Ottomans, which is *actually* what led everyone to work together, before once again going at each other's throats?
I think this is universally a Slavic thing
I like how all the cunts quieten down at the end.
Witnessed it myself a few years ago - police chasing migrants and beating them into submission because they refused to comply.
Everything (not everything) is closed on Sundays in Germany.
Saying the spam bots "Kosovo is Serbia" with your only argument of being the London conference is so absurd
Often when I can't remember the word in Serbian, I go to wikipedia in English, and change the language
Jashari,Thaci and Haradinaj are not.
And I don't even think it was allowed back then to wear them.
(you don't see those people around on sports TV stations except once in 4 years), but basically it comes down to male/female volleyball, male/female basketball and water polo.
I remember when my mother, who was at the time in Sarajevo, was wounded.
They supported us to some extent in our independence war against the Turks, helped us in WWI, liberated Belgrade in WW2 (Soviets, 3rd Ukrainian front).
India and North America are a different shade compared to the European part shich I was referring to.
Oh, you don't know us
But we do have special homemade brandies for holidays, they are usually more than 50% alcohol
To all health workers in Europe and around the world, thank you
>During the [Great Austro-Turkish War] Albanian Catholic leaders [Pjetër Bogdani] and [Toma Raspasani] rallied Kosovo Albanian Catholics and Muslims to the pro-Austrian cause
Can't believe they went that far, it's extreme even for then
I can't understand how people in online games think others don't speak English
Finally a map of Europe I actually wanted to see
[Cipela]
Kasta in dom genom helvetets portar
Yeah, well, Austrian and Hungarian dream borders are also probably larger than their current ones, especially the Hungarian dream borders as envisioned by Orban.
I actually thought i could pronounce every word correctly, but now I'm uncertain about rural.
We've learned our lesson
the one that caught my attention is sexual openness - Scandinavians are sexually more open than Balkanites and start practicing sex earlier on average.
• This nicely leads into WW1, Kingdom of Yugoslavia, WW2, Cold War and then you're done
Ughh, I know we had discussed exactly that in school.
When you want to go to your next door neighbor, start up the car, make sure it works by bringing it to 4000RPM per minute for 10 seconds
Now I understand why I got so few and brief replies...
Our prime minister's doctor lives in Moscow.
There is a far better version, that's actually really well thought out, as in it mimics the bs that the colonizers did in Afrika
You really know nothing about what happened do you?
I moved out this year to live with my girlfriend
Interesantno
Although my country (Slovakia) does not recognize Kosovo (and I agree with this position because of our relations with Serbia and some separatist tendencies in our country in the past) I respect the will of your people and congratulate you to this anniversary :)
Belgrade is not trying to move away from it, Belgrade is embracing it
The map doesn't make sense for Serbia, if secessionism is the case Vojvodina is surely not secessionist, i mean its 70+% Serb for Gods sake, and the minorities living there are quite happy, maybe the hungarian minority grabs political points by yelling independence before the elections but thats it.
It's unreal how backwards Europe is about weed compared to Americans (both North and South)
The candidates are still not all known, and campaigns still havent started.
It did, however, disolve after his death
Ze je za zelenu algu na dnu mora (Ze is for the green algae on the sea floor)
Well it is considered some sort of higher end brand, but in general you get what you pay for
Obviously the Kosovo issue exists (honestly this really doesn't depend on us as the Albanian government isn't implementing anything from the Brussels agreement like the municipality of Serbian territories and is even putting up tarrifs) but there's also the issue of rule of law and various other things
According to my country's law it is
So when he asked for bread they  started adding it to absolutely every meal, even to pizza and pasta
Sorry, I'm new to reddit
He ignores the Apple case, but all his other points are valid.
Unless you work for 300€ a month, then it's not
All they had to do was create Community of Serbian opstinas and they did nothing, even put taxes on goods from Serbia and BiH
Nah smoking relaxes you
And Russia hasn't stopped attacking European countries for past 700 years.
Yes
I can read well, tho I need my glasses for that, and I can also talk normally with anyone when we are walking on the sidewalk
He also tried to get on some German generals good side, so Serbia could be in a bit of a better position
Well, they end with Serbia and with Slovenia pay Yugoslavia bills...
Was invaded after the fall of Serbia.
Also, Ante [Pavelić] was hiding there for a long time and also buried there
Thank you Vuk Karadžić.
Never recognize Crimea as part of Russia, and do everything to get support of other powers in UN.
Wait till you see Serbia
Mostly we like then because they are one of the two superpowers that don't recognise Kosovo)
As for Chinese investments, Serbia is in need of them and China is the only one willing to give which always comes at a price
It would combine elements of Post soviet eastern European run-down industries and western Mediterranean coast cities, a somewhat unusual mix but I believe in the context of a game about crime it would make sense
It would really seem the most sensible and easiest solution.
?(around 8th century)-1459 (Ottomans took over)
What's funny
Oh yeah, essays in Serbian
Gore - up/forests/mountains
As mentioned below, they dont have veto power, but they can make life difficult as Croatia is doing to Serbia.
Веверица / Veverica
Bosnian - for catholics they say the same as in Croatia, for othodox we say the same as in Serbian
Also saying "fingers" when I really mean "toes". No toes in Serbian, just hand fingers and foot fingers, lol
every single footballer of the Spanish primary league has a minimum 129
samoubica - only killer (suicidal person)
How not to use paratroopers ft
:) You basically franchified the spelling, I found that really interesting, thus my reaction.
I've heard Austrians have accents that are hard to understand for Germans but I haven't heard anything about the Swiss.
What was your impression of Greeks?
Croatia was a republic and so was Bosnia, yet Serbia decided that they do not have the right to declare independence.
Is it Putin's or is it a palace of President of Russia
I am confusion
Kosovo isn't a country
"I'm glad to be in a country that feels like home".
If we talk about most consumed alcoholic beverages in Serbia (in particular), rakija would be about 4th or 5th place, certainly below beer and wine and probably even vodka aswell
I hope I'm wrong, but it looks like a big barrier currently.
Per example - (Landless) John - Jovan (Bez Zemlje)
I'm a dual Serbian/uk national
I'm sorry to inform you that you are written in the book of Serbs, so you are 101% Serb
Maybe if the bus driver was nice but usually they're douches and you don't even talk to them
This is why I think that there shouldn't be an organization that regulates the media because it is very open to abuse and it essentially hurts free speech.
You have to attend 40 classes of theoretical lessons, where you learn about rules and signs.
World's biggest aggressors
When i write on Serbian i type on Cyrillic 99% of the time
Yeah they would send people, but the question clearly mentions an invasion
You interpreting it at face value is your problem, not mine.
Well I guess using the same thinking, the Albanians of Kosovo could also have moved to Albania, if they didn't want to live in Serbia any longer.
Let it be french
You are obstructing the progress:
That is just insane
Also, from my experience living in Greece, it's also OK.
(in terms of economy)
Little do they know that Trump probably doesn't even know where Serbia is.
You had no choice but to be involved in that war.
I was visiting Skadar and it was amazing experience
I know that is what prevents Serbia and/Kosovo from advancing in the negotiations, but by the same token, Spain shouldn't have entered because of Gibraltar, Ceuta, Mellila...
Its always pronounced, and is the same as h in hello
Why do people keep using this retarded map
There is also background check and neighborhood query to get one
Same here, it's my first instinct whenever I walk through a front door, whether I enter my house or someone else's.
100 000 subscribers and still growing
Poor Kolinda, she's been getting a lot of unnecessary criticism this week, first from Bosnia and now from Serbia :'|
First that came to mind is this one from Serbia, it was published before their election earlier this year and made news even in Croatia: [Beogradski sindikat - Sistem te laže] (btw, nothing happened, the same person won almost 50% of the vote).
These days the smell would be smog due to pollution
Unless you make them a man's property
They translated FUN to "ZeZaNje" - having fun
I think this is solely for Britain and some of it's former colonies
"The planet is on fucking fire
Janko is a legit common name here lol
She was not deliberately taking performance enhancing drugs, but she used a cream to treat some lip-sores that contained steroids on the doping list
Same here, but it's not big issue for private gatherings since everyone  just counts it in, but is really big issue for public concerts since you might just stand and wait for more than two hours for concert to begin and after you will be late for transportation  home
Yeah, "sladak/slatka/slatko" - cute, but literally means sweet
It's pretty flat which is why I like it over Belgrade (and it's home) so there's no hills and you won't get too tired of walking around
In 4 to 5 years, there is a high probability automatization is going to reap through the truck, bus and taxi drivers, leaving hundred of thousands without a job.
I still do not understand why we use it like that
A very unique Serbian wedding custom is the “Buying of the Bride”, where the bride is sold by her own brother, and bought by the groom
Imagine the tantrum russians and their vassalls on the internet threw when american politicians dare to visit Ukraine.
Plus the western media favors pro-EU/liberal/progressive candidates in name.
Now let me tell you that every member has it's name in relation to either husband or wife
What's an air heat pump
It doesn't really overlap with the tracksuit crowd, as that one's a bit different.
Slovenian
I know the 99.99% is a joke, but I have tried 99% Lindt chocolate and it tasted horrible.
A Serbian film is an interesting twist on the eastern European romantic comedy!
Hitler room was 200$, and Tito suite 500$.
You kinda answered that yourself.
Your father's name usually is your middle name, but rarely who uses it
Same thing was done in Serbia  how they are trying to sell the holy Kosovo for money and a place in the even more corrupt “EU”
The EU is basically just greater Serbia, all the institutions will of course be moved to Belgrade.
What business have you with the Guards of the Crossing
I don't and have never watched baseball but i think it's a very interesting sport.
Every classroom has the picture of him
3 years and 11 months
We also had to deal with wars, hyperinflations and economic sanctions
is this Asia
If you think listing a few European countries not in the EU but doing fine as evidence against the EU then Belarus, Ukraine, Serbia, Bosnia, Macedonia, would have to be taken into account as well.
Go rot in prison and hopefully great leader Vucic will follow you there soon
Oh hell yeah, people in the south don't even use padeži!
Yeah, he was such a saint while beheading Serbian civilians for the lulz.
But i use mostly British spelling (theatre, colour
Here in Serbia we go to school from 7:30 am to 1:30 pm, one class is 45 minutes in-between classes are 5 minute breaks except between the 2nd and 4th class(15 mins), those are "morning classes" it's basically the same for "afternoon" classes but they start at 1:30 pm and end at 7:30pm
Jedan slon - one elephant
> Good life was forced on Germany
Our alphabet is phonetic
I am guessing everyone knows each other in this place
\> brings in foreign masses out of a secular pluralist mandate
And since we still don't know who will make up the government in Montenegro, we don't know whether or not will montenegro join.
*Just when you think you know something about the Balkans...*
If there are, do them and then do nothing
"The Consolidation of Albanian Nationalism". Page 18: "The pasha of Ipek forcibly removed Catholic inhabitants of northern Albania into the plains of southern Serbia after a failed Serb revolt in 1689 and the flight of many Serbs to the Habsburg Empire
Every serbian youtuber is kid manipulating basterd,i only watch Ozbiljne teme
Well Bosnian and Croatian if you are counting those as seperate languages
Also it's cool how they don't recognize Kosovo
I think it is way better for people just to pull over and wait their time
Kusturica is indeed best director we have, but people need to know Balkan's mentality to understand them
I expected adidas
The parliament is made up from the ruling party and it doesn't work
The "old media" is just as unreliable and standardless as the alt.
Hope Pompeo or any murican war criminal general dies next, after all they deserve it more than Quassem
Btw this is what Trump said at the time:
The worst was [Slobodan Milošević] The greatest, i honestly don't know.
I can assure you that he is 100% Croat.
It's honestly irritating to be bombarded by all this ''boomer, millennial, zoomer'' stuff recently, over internet
When it was produced for the first time EU was Europe economic union or something
Would you call Hemingway a Cuban or an American writer?
Actually she isn't entirely wrong, because the overwhelming majority of Crimeans identify as Russians and this isn't Putin's propaganda.
It was a part in the destruction of it but not a part of it.
it's eh not popular but it's known.
Serbia wants to annex part of Kosovo on 'Crimea model'
Whatever he wants he gets
I don't know if Serbia really has that much unfinished business anymore.
We have Medicare and Medicaid here for people that can't afford healthcare.
Opponents jump on the water and race who's gonna get the cross first.
There was a bus carrying some old folks for orthodox Christmas to a monastery in Kosovo, and it got stoned (yet again).
Hard
[She] I can't really tell why is she really disdained.
Most of the younger crowds don't belive in God
Do i need to answer that
I can't say much in Breton besides Demat and Kenavo, but I'm slowly learning French
I always felt like he was the most dangerous person I'd ever met.
That is if they could Serbia on a map in the first place.
The Pulling of the Nose:
I just love Polish "plażing" as a word, it's such a mood
Jesus that's a lot for a place with only 1k people
Dva, tri, četiri slona - two, three, four elephants
And what do you do after that, kill a top ranking general who probably didn't have anything to do with it and was invited by the Iraqi government
Before the wedding ceremony, the bride will drink from a glass, toast, and then throw the glass
If Serbs really are idiots to such a degree to start a war with Albanians then Europe should beat that nationalism out of them and aid Albanians till they take Belgrade.
Plus, even her slogan was mega egoistic: "i'm with her".
if diners fall into american themed category, then [yes]
This is the main reason why I am against these regulations, because political activists, 'journalists' and ideologues are gonna determine whether something is 'fake' or 'legitimate'.
Here if there's excess of people wanting to go clubbing, more clubs will open
Thirteen years since the March pogroms on Kosovo (over Serbs and other ethnic minorities)
not me, I find it boring
So it seems Turkey and former Ottoman territories have the highest hand washers.
That the different nations within the Austrian Empire wanted their own state is nationalism.
Way that date is moving we'll get in as soon as fusion hits mainstream.
By Albanians
why not take some advantage of it.
Kalemegdan, probably
My younger brother had already known how to ride bike, and I was so ashamed that I couldn't ride it and he could
To be honest i never watched that show, should i?
About 1000 more migrants from Serbia in Bulgaria and Macedonia is a job well done?
Since other people have answered your questions from the post description, let me just answer that one about the appeal.
When I was like 4 or 5
500e/yr or ~6500e monthly
Someone might be interested in some history :p
The remaining Serbs living in Kosovo
What kind of idea is that
And we also learn as much about the war in our country
Also there are no jobs in Kosovo and Serbia so I don't think you are uprooting then from jobs lol, Albanians in Serbia mostly stick to being friends with Albanians and vice versa for Serbs in Kosovo.
Thankfully we dont have that here
\[2\] Prime Minister [Jovan Ristić] wanted a homogeneous country, without Muslims and with a reliable population in the area
Well to be fair upvote button is also understood as agree button
We use
Norway's foreign policy, energy policy and economy
Same except I understand Polish because of my Polish mum
Hungary, the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovakia will work to accelerate EU negotiations with Albania, Bosnia, Kosovo, Macedonia, Montenegro and Serbia, Szijjártó said.
When you have politicians like Vučić, it feels like there is just no hope.
>Envy = zavistan it means addicted
They can barely handle them, but they still do.
Map is wrong, nationality that visited Serba the most in 2019 was Chinese (about 150,000 people)
In Serbia, it was seen as a cool place to take your kids to, while in the US it's a sketchy place taken over by hobos
Ex-Yugoslavia is very interesting to them and they hope to increase their influence in the area and keep Nato and EU away.
is it in most common language of that place
It was signed couple years ago, by a pro-EU government.
When the Nemanjic dynasty was in charge
Most if not all Yugoslav politicians made terrible decisions which doomed the whole of Yugoslavia
Idk why everyone has to get so offended about the truth lol.
All our cities are kind of fucked
Kosovo still part of Serbia LOL
Ljubomora - jealousy
All Hillary wants to do is beef up NATO and further cause problems with Russia.
Extreme nationalists/leftists were always against it, though it is the case throughout E Europe and S Europe.
How much of a Brittish stereotype are you
So that would mean half of Slovenia is Balkan, but parts of Serbia are not.
It said nato would have 200k solders on teritories of serbia and montenegro
Jesus fuck we Slavs
Thatcher would have never lost the referendum, even if she'd allow it in the first place.
And China gives less but not as money, as they know how to work with corrupt officials
Albania is too inferior to Serbia to even speak about it
You don't need it to Serbia but need it to Moldova?
Nearly everyone smokes here
Indians are Hindu Serbs,Turks are Muslim Serbs,Izraelites are Jew Serbs.
maybe in bosnia, serb there are little diffrent then here
I like how Croatia understands design
According to Ottoman sources, Serbian forces also destroyed mosques in Leskovac, Prokuplje, and Vranje
there is no limit :) Grape is not that common for rakija, but everything else is and yes you should come visit!
Obviously a Croatian comments this.
I mean I think the process for joining, if Serbia does it right (which I don't really think will happen since I doubt a lot of Serbia politicians want a hardcore anti-corruption crusade) is almost as important as actually joining.
I think you know what to do with Poland!
how can it be kosovo when kosovo is serbia
What lies and propaganda was I spreading again?
It’s not odd, but when someone has a serbian flag at home and it’s not for a wedding, then people would assume he is a serbian nationalist etc, right-winger
They betrayed us
Pretty sure that's because the word slave derives from Slav.
State intervention and censorship is more than common here like in pretty much every eastern European country.
etc
I change almost all friends every 5-6 years and keep best few from every batch
You do know Trepca is owned by Serbia right?
And we don't hate Serbs either.
In Europe and in Turkey, we are witnesses of increasing number of attack on Armenians
My wife is Serbian and her family lives there so we have visit Serbia and recently went there for almost a month with our five year old.
His father was of Yugoslavian descent.
Interesting, the Byzantine symbols are also still very important in Serbia.
I was forced one time to use iMac Air for few months, and it was a real torture, so limited so closed ecosystem, like made only for surfing the internet and social networks - piece of crap put in shiny box
You had no option to stay as you were seen as traitor
Belgrade
My personal favorite is "vukojebina" (a place where wolves fuck)
Also Pisa
Bored me to death
And is ready to open 10-15 chapters in 2017.
We're nuts
It's a warning to not look at the content in a professional workplace environment because it is improper
Another Russian insider in EU is a horrible idea.
Holy fuck that’s hilarious
Considering this, is it really wise having Russia-friendly Serbia join?
In Serbia, it's called prebranac
Iiiiiii don't know man, we love you as a people, but as a country weeeelll I mean
Realistically I think some of the baltic states will join (like Serbia).
Sure, but bunch of people don't know how to multiply basic numbers.
Not full fledged states as later, not to mention that Serbian minority in Voivodina at the time wasn't that large and didn't consist majority.
(It’s called “šatrovački”)
We like to integrate our mafia and government, just as Americans chose to integrate their corporations and government.
Ah ok, I thought you were implying that Eccentric-Centrist was "butthurt".
I also know of White Tiger, Stalingrad and the Sevastopol one, but all 3 of those are new and seem pretty meh
Why do people keep using this retarded map
Your way of comparing is still out of context.
This reminds me so much of Serbian propaganda where they always played the victim role even after all the shit they've done.
Џон мејд хиз веј ту а таверн тру д дарк форест, онли ту фајнд аут дат хи форгот д мани.
I don't know, really
And Iraq in 2003 was unfinished business from 1991.
Eh for a redneck type of thing a seljačina would be a better equivalent , and we also do have džibere as well
Old ladies here think you can get meningitis, pneumonia, kidney cold (may or may not be a completely made-up condition) and so on
If you don'tstudy you will became a bum just like our neighbour [insert name here]
Nobody is against black blue is just more common
I know there is a lot of hungarian words in serbian, I guess I shouldn't be surprised fazon is present in both
Gastarbeiter
Mais, si tu me demandes, je pense que je préfère les températures chaudes.
It literally has everything to do with the diabolizing of Serbia and Serbs.
And now Serbia is literally encircled
That'll be 600£, + 40£ for the pills.
no one cares about him any more.
that wiki article HAS to be incorrect.
And when they get the language right, the tones/pitch accents are completly wrong
Bow before the God-Emperor, mortals!
War is awful
Stavrianos, Charles (2006)
>***"Fully worthy" (respected, in high esteem)*** *was he among his lord's* ***men***,
The difference between kosovsko-resavski and šumadijsko-vojvođanski is that kr would use less grammatical cases and would have stronger ekavian accent (šv: zdraviji, kr: zdravej, translation: healthier, notice e instead of i)
I regret it now but deleting comments is for cowards
Thanks, that's really interesting.
Belo is white in Serbian so when I was like 4 I thought white chocolate was chocolate made in belgium or belgrade
Same here
English is so easy in my opinion, and if you use English on the internet then even the spelling becomes easy
Hajduci
different
Ayalaâs IMI to put up plant in Serbia to serve Europe
Also women's surname do not decline through grammatical cases
Fucking taxis
There's a word for this in Serbo-Croatian, *taman*.
yeah, but sometimes when i read their perspective on things it hurts
wtf
You can't that's the problem, I'll get you a stoole to stand on tho
So imagine my shock when a couple of Bulgarians, a country we share a border with, and have had some major interaction with throughout history, asked me WHETHER DOGS ARE EATEN IN SERBIA
Like Mlecenzy bar,but Russian food
Everything got a facelift compared to what it looked like ten-fifteen years ago
How and when she get there
That's not really comparable, Taiwan and China are claiming the exact same parts of land, one to one.
I didn't know i had an inner Austrian in me
But not the enirity of Estonia or Latvia, and Crimea is kinda geographically separated from Ukraine, shouldn't the people there have the right to choose which country they want to be part of ?
He tried to suppress a massive (like, historically biggest peaceful protests in MNE) by force, but he failed in many instances, since there were no 'sparks' on the protesters' side
Number of people that smoke and that smoking is allowed indoors, in restaurants and cafes
I see red olives more often than the black ones
Serbian- originally it was your father's name then Vic on the end, when this stopped you kept the last name as your father so if you were the child of the first generation after it stopped it would be your grandfather's name then Vic, next generation your great grandfathers and its continued like that until now
But they expect healthcare workers to die with their patients because it's "their job".
Video games, movies, tons of series, reddit, studies in GR and countless articles about my studies on English.
You are the real heroes, and when this all is over, we will own you big times
He saw that the battle at Kosovo is over and got his army back at Serbia
to have a proper social life, only in the UK and Ireland.
That was enough to answer your question.
469–470
I know this one in Serbo-Croatian hladna pička means cold pussy while in Czech-Slovak-Polish it means cold drink
The other one of the same class is the warship SMS Bodrog [Yugoslav monitor Sava] It is the ship from which the very first shots of The Great War were fired.
But the band is great
There's Slavic Vesna, the goddess of spring.
UK says they don't support Serbia's entry, "Lol, they're leaving, why do they care whether Serbia joins or not?".
In Serbia, we give presents on New Year (1
Montenegro is looking likely to join, too.
On the same man who they helped to come to power in Republika Srpska *or* how politics in Balkans are easily adaptable according to current needs.
It's not just Russia that is acting aggressively.
Even during communism not everything was made to be the exactly the same quality, you still had cheaper buildings and more expensive ones
I don't think you realize how free we've been for the last ten years.
Most people are simply sad that you are leaving.
Literally same lmao
Tried to find the source for the first three, listed solely as "Ivanov 2005", looked into some key words particularly this Yashar Pasha (Jašar-paša Džinić) and found [this about the 1830 massacre]
EU are ‘sons of bitches’, says Philippines President
It is now about minimasing losses.
> Legends say they got married in secret
Serbian Latin: Džon mejd hiz vej to a tavern tru d dark forest, onli tu fajnd aut dat hi forgot d mani
I work in the old city center, so it's really expensive to park there, and impossible/unsafe to bike there (no bike lanes, no bike parking stands), so I'll either walk for 45 minutes or ride the bus for 10-30 minutes, depending on how the traffic is
Add the same religion and you got brothers figure
Atleast he didn't take it to Balkan level, see Serbia for reference.
Wasn't Poland also an asshole when they burned down Moscow
Would you like some propaganda with that?
🇷🇸 12 Reasons You Should Visit Serbia Right Now 🇷🇸
Frazee, Charles (2006)
Growing up in Yugoslavia the party all along wanted me to be more aware  of the dire need to protect bees and butterflies
Can someone explain this to me please
The bridal wreath allows the bride to stand out, protects her from evil entities, and also symbolizes fertility
No, but part of Ukraines revolution was for reasons of self determination, liberalization and pro-EU accession, so it's kinda weird that nobody would come out and say hey we support your guys's right to do that if you like.
Even when they are 8 years old
Ffs they only want the votes...they do this everytime i mean the serbian politicans,last time they visited serbian-populated parts of Kosovo and now they send a train with "kosovo is serbia" writen in it( it wasnt the first time a train comes from serbia).And Serbia being "forced" to bring the army here isnt going to happen because serbs arent being misstreated.Or im completly wrong and this is their idea to annex north Kosovo.
Video games, music, movies, and other kinds of media have also played a huge role in that, too
Jedan u toj grupi se ja mislim zove kiddara hahah
Russia as a fellow Slavic country, probably the closest one through that
Yeah, that is a good point
Hey just because we broke up doesn't mean we shouldn't talk.
Going back further if Allies haven't gone Yugoslavia XXL on Nazi Germany, Germany might still be Nazi today.
I bet many "donations" were deposited to those who voted yes
is there any thread about serbia in which you haven't posted something negative about it?
It kinda tells how much people actually care.
We love Southern Europe a lot, especially Italy and obviously Cyprus.
Fought the [Battle of Kosovo] in 1389, there's a whole mythology centered around that - heroic sacrifice, betrayal, shielding the West against Islam etc
Unlike Albanians, those Germans (and over 100 thousands of Serbs from Kosovo) never came back home
Basacly she was asleep for 2/3 days
I did not really like our Epic Poetry when i was younger but only recently i realized how beautiful, poetic and badass it is
Actually this is what worries me the most,while I would welcome a pro-western Serbia into the EU Serbia has constantly shown itself supportive of a russian political agenda in general.
And just as it seemed that Serbia would win that battle, he misteriously retreated and left the Emperor and other Soldiers to fight alone, causing them to lose and die
But nothing compares with one India show that they started playing in 2008 until 2016
no europeans except the ones on forums like these ever think about estonia.
Idk man, compared to all the cities around it, Duisburg does seem kinda bland and unkempt
The orthodox church has a significant influence in these issues, at least in Serbia that is the case.
Nedić (with German help)
I don't understand all that anger, probably you are just a troll.
this will end up on front of /r/europe 100%
It's always presented in the media as race, rather than phenotype (first time hearing this word in english btw)
World's biggest aggressors
"we'll never be able to find the villains layer"
A minimum wage intern that steals Germanys money when no one is looking
The title «Velika Srbija» (Greater Serbia) was meant to express the author's dismay at the prospect of expansion of the Serbian state without social and cultural reforms as well as possible ethnic confrontation with neighboring nations, from Croats to Bulgarians.
Torlački, can’t understand a word when the talk to each other
The Nemanjic's were the only ones strong enough to unite them
That's right, it's the same language
I don't think it's just about the money, though.
Serbia detains pair over alleged Montenegro election plot
Yeah, I lived in CPH only
Most people I know have platonic friendships of the opposite sex, and no one really questions it
I can't believe you are ACTUALLY comparing Kosovo, an armed conflict with ethnic cleansing, refugee crisis, civilian deaths, denial of basic human rights with the name issue of Macedonia?
Serbian singers that have been in the game for a long time are the following:
Might I add:
And Russia was the first to mobilise.
I don't think any western European knows any city other than Belgrade and (maybe) Novi Sad
Serbia
I live in the US and we basically turned our backs when he heard about Obama's drone strikes, his attack on privacy rights, and so on because he is a Democrat and is part of the "good" guys.
Red parts in Slovenia are Serbians.
To add a bit of historical context, they concluded the peace with the Ottomans because of more pressing issues i.e.
Maybe the US should retire every once in a while to think before it acts
He ordered attack on US servicemen in the country bordering his, which they have no business being there in the first place
Balkan Kafana Plants Slice of Belgrade in Berlin
there was a bit of a scandal a while ago where it turned out some factory workers were suggested to wear diapers while they were working because they weren't allowed to take toilet breaks.
are we in a perpetual war with NATO and the EU?
Oh and we will ignore those No-Go zones, or the number of fighters Bosnia supplied to ISIS, oooor the village that is filled with Mujahedeen?
No, no
I avoid them like the plague lol
As long as it's a peaceful and respectful one.
I find the irish people to be nicer people, in terms of arrogance and politeness
Albanians in Kosovo were catholic, and even orthodox before the otoman empire.
While I won't fall into the trap of mistaking correlation for causation, it's no coincidence countries with shit education are also the ones most susceptible to dictatorships and kleptocracies.
It was long (8 hours) but Belgrade was fantastic - a great party city.
i like the award
Not really that common, but my favorite:
I was hoping to visit it this year, but oh well, 2021 might be better
I’ve heard of people having anti aircraft guns hidden somewhere on their property, just in case
Montenegro is the most likely candidate.
Again you Bosniaks lie about the number of victims.
But this is good because Kosovo is predominantly populated by ethnic Albanians who exercised their right to self-determination.
Basketball (including NBA games) is quite popular in Serbia as well.
Saw a California plate on a massive vintage convertible in Belgrade, Serbia
e and o also mean "hey" but it's up to you if those are the words
It would be the [Battle of Prekaz] Serbian forces encircled the village and attacked everyone.
Oh my God
I become more toxic
Let the ministry of Truth commence!
It's the picture they use every time.
Other than that, it's the same language, no barrier whatsoever.
NEETs in Serbia, since everyone's at university until they are like 30.
They sided with Chinese and then China later ditched them.
You can tell the region where someone is in based on accent
Radomirovic: Serbia has documents to prove its ownership in Kosovo
Being religious makes a person at least a bit unintelligent.
And here I thought that r/Europe had a rational user base.
Faroe Islands looking thicc tho
Sure there are thugs that hate just about everyone, but you also have them in other countries.
Trust me Eastern Europe is a huge mess
Well, there was that refugee situation a while back, tons of Albanians from Kosovo ended up going through Serbia and got stranded in my city of Subotica.
So, in addition to siding with Beijing, they destroyed the thing that made them stand out in the first place
"O" is there simply for "greatness".
When I was in Italy everyone I was with did the hand thing as a joke (not to Italians of course but between each other)
It's just a fake history narrative, easily verifiable
I wouldn't call it crappy, but if you're used to suburbia then you're not going to like it, that's for sure.
It was brought here during Yugoslavia.
But siriusly, yes, it should be legalized
Europe is doing well economically is what I meant (which tells me at least that the current system works).
I think it would be best for both of our countries to let us keep the Serb majority (a small amount of land) and let the Kosovars have the rest.
Anything that might question the power of our dear and beloved leader Madam Merkel, must come from those sleazy Russians and nowhere else!
>Serbian -ović
It's like we got out of one federation to join new federation to elevate our problems to someone else to handle.
I stay silent until the other person speaks, then I respond
Forts of Europe - the fortified monastery Manasija near Despotovac, Serbia
Maybe the Serbia of a parallel universe, not that of this one.
But there is more if we go further back.
They really do have money to burn.
I thought only Serbia was openly pro-Putin at this moment...
I think in that specific town like one century, This is in Banat.
Falklands
and in the 90s when Serbia had a conflict with the US, Russia was the biggest defender of Serbia.
Know your info before you type.
But honestly at the end of the day Blizzard is a business and China makes up a huge percent of their player base and income
Welcome to another Serbian elections year.
[Also medieval Serbian kingdom had a nice flag as well]
Especially when it launches an all-out invasion into your territory and cultivates the ideology of a radical and violent Islamic Caliphate.
Call of heroes: pompolic wars
[UK] Reports of shooting at House of Commons
So the town of Kecskemét is 'town of goats' in literal translation or something similar
Luxembourg tiny tax haven
I find funny the stereotype that we are lazy heavy drinking womanizers
Acording to some sources when Slavs came to this area they saw white Roman/Celtic walls of the old fortifications and that is how it got its new name
I just read somewhere that Serbian is practically the only European standard language whose speakers are fully functionally digraphic using both Cyrillic and Latin alphabets
Side note: i can't really count times when Serbia was part of Yugoslavia, since Yugoslavia was mostly Serb dominated, especially Kingdom of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia (Kingdom of, Republic of, Federal Republic of, and State union of Serbia and Montenegro) until it's final dissolution in 2006, has had the pan-slavic colours in its flag.
He wouldn't be allocated 4.3 more resources in your example, but 4.3 times more money.
You're really good at parroting what the government wants you to say.
Covid like this
>Norwegian Wood
If the glass breaks, it is said that she will birth a boy
you almost never need to spell anything
Thank you, cind sir
Number of Turkish firms in Serbia triples in 2 years
I’m quite left wing soooooo
Bank of China Set to Start Serbia Operation ::
More like on an eternal seesaw between the east and the west.
i see the US to be 2 steps ahead of Europe.
For example here there are several buildings that are really really bad, they are literally falling apart
I mean, it definitely can be a sign of culture
I met a Srbobran a couple of years ago, definitely still used as a name
Bogu iza nogu or Bogu iza Leđa, meaning behind God's legs or behind God's back
I didn't imply the direct connection between two, I just said that knowing that he doesn't respect Serbs, I wouldn't be surprised that nasty things could be said (out of fury, in spite, etc
I also like Spanish and Portuguese
In Serbian it's "vukojebina", which means place where wolves fuck
People living in the far eastern parts of Serbia speak way faster than in the north
EU is a buerocratic, inneficient, and hypocritical nightmare
Kinder Surprise Eggs
Yea
We are fasting 40 days before the day
I wish countries did something like this with Serbia and our dictator
We don't use articles at all, so that's why probably
Winter time as it's the "real" time
I agree, but lets imagine a country, say Croatia, or Hungary or Serbia decides to send army and have 0 entries policy.
This is the first American I have ever seen who has enough common sense to realise this
Not like they launched terrorist attacks in Macedonia or something.
People have no idea how dangerous it is to stand by and watch your country being destroyed.
or any war that happened on Balkans
I'm just guessing some of these folks love queuing or are terribly misguided.
Looks like anti-corruption officers climbed up the ladder which lead outside of Romania.
I know that because I'm doing a quite similar journey right now, having 30-40€/day and it's working quite fine.
True, but I'd have to visit Serbia to try any homemade stuff, which I'd love to do someday but I can't afford to travel atm.
Haahahahaahaahahahhahahahaahahhahaha
up to 40 C summers, and up to -20 winters.
The person who I was responding to didn't even mention Romania what are you on about
We say no to soviets, almost go to war, then Stalin dies, then Soviets invade hungary, we almost go to war, then Soviets invade Czechoslovakia, almost to war
people to live in a country they don't want to live in?
Many of them don't show up at work at all, but they're still on the payroll.
There was never any significant migration from Serbia to Bosnia.
Art 1
if you want a good cheap espresso, get a bialetti brikka moka pot (preferably 2 cup instead of 4, because i've had bad experiences with 4 cup bialettis).
But why should the state dictate how much alcohol a citizen should or shouldn't consume?
I know Austrian and Serbian,so Slovenian is pretty easy
Your point is very interesting.
I dont know single person that thinka what Mladic did was ok
ICJ ruled that Serbia didn't play a part in Srebrenica
The Serbian government is literally calling for people to lose their right to self determination against their will.
They will make a great addition to NATO.
It's known as The Emperor's City, since a lot of Roman emperors were born here, the most famous of which being Constantine the Great
That's a normal, secular European country with a rich history and a lot of cool places to visit.
Then in 1918, the dissolution went: Czechoslovak independence 28 October 1918 (on map) -> State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs independence 29 October 1918 ([not properly on map] -> Vojvodina lost to Serbia 25 November 1918 (not on map) -> dissolution 11 November 1918 (not on map cause then Austria-Hungary shouldn't be here at all).
With all respect, I have a feeling that this story is made up.
You can just google what they bombared in serbia and montenegro
Croatia
I would love to also visit countries further north, such as the Czech Republic and Poland, but think I might be better off skipping them and heading into Italy, France and Spain.
It's fucked up that none of our media is showing these
Those damn sedliaci are ruining Bratislava
I didn't think it would be such a regular occurrence to warrant the keyword 'many'...
I don't know how many left the country.
I've walked countless times late at night from the other part of the city (like 1 am to 3 am walk) because I don't have a car
We have trains but they barely move
That seems about right for me too
Sont les jours aussi très chaud en France, ou est-ce que c'est une chose seulement réservé pour Serbie?
Rasta - Euforija, Kavali
Unfortunately I don't know roman Latin language, that would be pretty badass
They did not wear that staff all the day every day in the 20s.
No you are not
Obv havent been to Belgrade, theres a bakery like every 100m
I like how you can just walk in there, see things that were around during the 2nd century, walk a bit further, then see Yugoslavian artillery from WW2
November-January is the best time of the year for me
There are various different programs that encourage leaving voluntarily and there will be more in the future.
I don't know Russian or Ukrainian, though
Serbia set to receive 6 MiG-29 fighter jets, 30 T-72S main battle tanks and 30 BDRM-2 combat reconnaissance vehicles from Russia free of charge
I just read that she actually grew up in Serbia and fled during WW2...
Relatable McDonald's experience
In hindsight, Yugoslavia
It was more popular some 20-30 years ago, now it's somewhat a rare sight
I know about your "dundo" which is used almost exactly as English "uncle", however we always specify the relation
This is the real story behind all this.
Especially minecraft since I would put the game in english and try to guess what each item was
If we want to be clear, there was NATO intervention in Serbia/Kosovo.
From mine experience it's usually Swedes who are secluded
Which is besides the fact that given enough time a populist like Wilders or Le Pen would whip up the public to think that accepting Montenegro with its population of 620k people to the EU is some kind of an existential threat.
You can spend the night in Serbia or Bulgaria, if you want to visit (they're nice countries).
Step 1: become the dictator of turkey;
Im a Serb, and am friends with Bosnians and Croats, and love them all
Yet, despite all this, you all keep working, and for that we all are thankful for this
Skip the line if you don't want to wait, it's ok
Sereubia in Serbian literaly translates to ShitsKills.
Well it is really hard to pinpoint one event since for the last 2k years something is always going on in my region (Balkan) and city (Belgrade, Serbia)
Jos primera: sol - so ; stol - sto ; učilnica - učionica ; bil, radil, imal (bilo koji radni glagolski pridev) - bio, imao, radio
The government and EU politicians think 2022 is a realistic date that Serbia will be in the EU by.
It doesn't have a bad name unlike in some other countries
People, mostly young ones, from smaller towns and villages come to bigger cities to study, not a whole lot of people leave the urban areas for rural but recently there was some initiation by state to encourage this kind of migration
I thought  the french have something against the spanish
There is eastern block which happens to compromise of ex communist countries, but does not compromise of **all** communist countries.
Belgrade
This is problem not [only Serbia has]
>Republic of Serbia is a state of Serbian people and all citizens who live in it, based on the rule of law and social justice, principles of civil democracy, human and minority rights and freedoms, and commitment to European principles and values
Some kind of soup + vegeta definitely
Can any serbs here tell me if that makes the car comparably cheaper than other cars?
Not just Croatia, Montenenegro, Albania and Greece, but Serbia and Bosnia and Romania and Bulgaria and Macedonia to.
Baba Roga is an old ugly witch that was used to scare children who didn't behave
It was staged
I'm not living with family, family is living with me.
Blue 100% people would either have only blue pencils or pencils with all the colors (red, black, green
"Nearly half of all Serbians support"?
And the democracy is when I climb the minater and piss on you from above "
English language and literature student asking
King Peter I - he freed all Serbs from Turks won a war against Bulgaria won ww1 and created Yugoslavia
they lie in Romanian, keep silent in Greek, count in Aromanian, in church sing in Russian, that they're most wise in Turkish and only when they intend to kill, they speak out in their native - Serbian language.
Nah, of some ustasa giving water to a Serb
No Pearls:
Dušan formed the empire and it was insanely huge in size, but he died at a young age and his son Uroš was too young and unprepared to rule such an empire, so like 15 higher class people divided the empire and all wanted to rule it and become the emperor, then the Ottomans came and took everything
And when I do, I just skip it
It started construction in the 90s on Milosevics regime and it was build on University property.
Lol dipshit don't know history.
But Why do we think this way now?
but Serbia has a lot of unfinished business with their 90s ethnic cleansing around the Balkans.
He was the biggest proponent to bomb every Serbian city in the 90s. He said Serbs were dogs who deserved a German style occupation and he was working very hard to achieve that
Unlesse groom is bad at shooting, becuse first few shot every one is hypped then with each miss it get more silent and boring, and when its silent and boring it becomes aqwured
They also got large appartment from a company they worked at and were able to buy it out in a few years (companies were building appartment complexes for their workers and giving them an option to buy them out by deductiong monthly payments from their salaries with some minimal interest rates)
Crimeans don't want to be part of Ukraine and want to be part of Russia?
I've heard nice things about southern coast.
I think people who like Berlin might not like Potsdam
Markova - Marco's (daughter)
Niko is not a Serbian name or nickname, and while there is a surname Belić exists, Bellic is super weird because there is no double l in Serbian and double letters in general are not common except a few, maybe (4-5) exceptions
"Racism doesn't exist, you just deal with assholes".
Why doesn't Montenegro want to become part of Serbia?
Well Bosnian and Croatian if you are counting those as seperate languages
We'd just highkey root for them the entire time, I feel - so it's a lost cause to even attempt that plot-device with us
Because you can't really claim the land was always yours, and that you solely inhabited it or made up the majority of the populace, when there's actual physical evidence that proves your claims to be false.
How do u add that blue thing next to your name
Not sure how authentic it will taste though.
Someone with the nickname "Srb99" posts a negative news about Croatia, how shocking.
can you price some random things
I noticed that us Slavs tend to overuse the articles, or place them in wrong places
The current Serbian government is seen as pro-EU and NATO, hence the EU is willing the play the appeasement game regardless of the costs.
I watched a show on Viasat History that covered strange historic laws, and the host tested out them by both handling salmon suspiciously, even asking the police whether they knew about the law (they didn't), and by walking into the Parliament in a suit of armour
Not to mention all the wars we had
I like Italian, Russian, Serbian and Spanish.
They are not some sort of "evil empire" no matter how loud r/Europe claims it to be.
Well, we do, but it's really hard to find.
Fuck Milošević, if only we did it sooner
"The planet is on fucking fire
Thank you, skyrim
The courts are independent but only in theory
Damn, only if there were less ignorant nationalists like you, the world would be a much better place
I'm just saying in the beginning the Serbs who began separatist movements did have good justification for it, but the execution was horrible
Even loan words or names are transcribed
Because in other Catholic countries education is different and catholicism as a prerequisite for getting an education isn't as prevalent.
Serbia was kinda forced into that treaty though.
Genesis rising: the universal crusade
all because they don't like Muslims.
He did pretty much all of his work IN America, he was a Serb though.
The EU as it stands doesn't want us nor has need of us
It's nice and all, but it doesn't look nearly this good in person
Pernille Skipper looks a bit like Sansa Stark from the Game of Thrones.
And it says that these killings were more revenge than a regular crimes for no reason
and to go with it, buy you can get a crema de gusto lavazza or something similar.
To be fair there are a lot of reasons for Greece to do not like America.
hey, in Serbian, we spell "kompjuter" that way too :) Yay for Maltese-Serbian brotherhood (and correct spelling!).
Just another regular family in my region
Yuuuuup
Of course I am
It's not a word for word translation but it captures the meaning of the original quite well while also sounding nice.
From then on we knew that the US would use any pretext to attack any country that they had an interest on.
Is that ever really going to happen?
We all know that if it wasn't for other countries Germany would have destroyed Russia in WW2 (even if they didn't launch a full attack in russia).
Alright you can have our living meme, but he must be allowed to burn a NATO flag at least once per week or he goes into depression.
Macedonian, Bulgarian and Slovak
I think that it should matter for the minister to know how his branch functions
i've families all around serbia and montenegro, germany, the USA and australia.
Giving children nightmates - Slovenian Edition :D But really it's an awesome costume and an awesome carneval
Everyone speaks Slovene, most speak Serbian/Croatian and English and then you have people living near the borders speaking German (widespread also past the borders with Austria), Italian or Hungarian.
Spain would love to get Serbia to approve of Kosovo, that way they can say to the Catalans "You see, only way for independence is through us" or something similar to that.
Even if the numbers are correct and even if we are the 2nd highest gun per capita country it doesn't matter, there hasn't been mass shootings and no big problems came out of the guns like in the US, middle east or latin america.
It's a better idea to keep it legal and regulated.
Article 1
I'm a Hungarian from Vojvodina with some Bunjevac, Slovakian and German ancestry.
Thank you for still being good hosts when we travel there
Edit: I meant to say that the Japanese make sure to instill the "law, order and discipline" in their children as early in life as possible, so you can imagine how what you mentioned appeals to them
Greece might be the highest IMO
sin means son
Get someone who speaks to language to talk to.
"If Serbs are killed, we'll send army to Kosovo" - president [of Serbia]
If there is good translation yes
Tbh I wouldn't mind having a whole collection of their cutlery
Regardless, morale is always low when you fight someone else's war.
Could you provide source please?
Russian and Serbian are the easiest to understand, but it's not always easy to get what they're saying, also depends on the dialect of the speaker.
Serbia, it's my own country but it has nice shape
We'd just highkey root for them the entire time, I feel - so it's a lost cause to even attempt that plot-device with us
I still don't get how you people from the Baltics think that Russia will give a single fuck about your countries, there is literally nothing useful that Russia can gain there.
well i don't know what typical serbian things are
I'd say people over 30 speak Serbian/Croatian to a higher degree than the younger generations, and younger generations have a better grasp of English language.
3 dialects
50$ here
It's always much more interesting to read about other countries and I pretty much already know what kinds of answers Serbs/Balkan-dwellers give
At first i thought someone reposted the one video with the singing thats creepy as fuck, glad i was wrong.
Europeans, what is your opinion of Serbia?
It's hard to go back to Bujanovec or other villages in Serbia which had thousands of Albanians and now they're counted by dozens, basically the same.
France,Italy,Germany,Austria,Andorra,Switzerland,Slovakia,Slovenia,Romania,Bulgaria,Macedonia,Serbia,Greece
Wow the Dutch are really good at this
We have our own culture that is vastly different from Serbian one.
Eh, I admit it was pretty lazy
Previously, he was participant in first world war and in Serbia retreat across Prokletije mountains and Albania which was greatly valued in Serbia, later, he was an officer in Yugoslav army and subsequently general chief of staff of the army
Funny how we are now normalising what used to be called a *nuclear* option.
Does a small t in Cyrillic look like an m?
I don't live with my mother, she lives with me
Kosovo would stay frozen as it is for the time being
Some were vassals,yeah, but they were the minority.
When commies kicked out Nazis, they kicked them out together with German minority.
What do we get
To counter this, some propose more power should be handed to regional institutions to handle finer things, as a way to bring the democratic process closer to the citizen, with central institutions acting as a means of ensuring these freedoms.
Whether we like Russia or not, they do have a knack for culture and art AND science as well.
Makes it stronger and for many Serbs, it substitutes breakfast.
I change it all the time mainly trying stupid weak countries (like Luxembourg)
We need to move on from this
It is very high on my wishlist
If someone tells me we need to introduce a dozen more genders and say "gender is not binary" I am not gonna agree with them, despite it hurting their feelings and even though they'd think I hurt their rights.
We call bulgarians gypsys and sometimes romanians,we call bosniaks turks,croats ustase and slovenians gay
It can mean anything from "joke" to "trick", but I mostly see it used as a sentence filler, which might be why I don't know a proper translation
Actually Naser Oric was found guilty and served just 2 meager years, and was released in 2015 because nobody wanted to create political tension on the verge of 20th anniversary of the fall of Srebrenica.
Now they are blocking Kosovo in UN, and supporting Serbs in Bosnia (where Serbia can't do much).
Allegedly, he states such thing in Senate
Of course not in lying i'd rather move to usa than live here
Other than that the are no major differences in vocabulary or grammar
they're downvoting you because you're wrong.
We should repeat it for old times sake
There's a surprisingly large Serbian population in Melbourne, Australia or at least in south east Melbourne
I was in Hun 10 years ago, i was wondering why is so many SX4 s on streets, later i got it.
Pls, you are thinking way too small for such a warmongering nation, we will form the Imperium of Serbia, and conquer all the races in the known Universe.
It isn't accurate in terms of history but it has a alot of simbols about freedom, heroics, faith and sanctity of these three
Ah, that makes much more sense.
And its really nice that the airport in Pula airport has connections to Zagreb and Belgrade so its easy to get to
True, Poland was a Soviet satellite, but your country was ruled by your own people, as every republic was (except for the Russian one i suppose, which was ruled by a Georgian bandit who hated them, inflicting a world of suffering post-WW2)
They are mostly old (40-80yrs old)
Probubly Czech or Slovak (ó gave them away)
Every country with a different standard!
They went from pagan vikings to christian fanatics to secular social democracy in about 800 years
Biden might have just been a "lesser evil" now for most of the people, but he is "evil" nonetheless
A reaction will always cause a counter reaction.
No way
When arriving by plane, you can't pinpoint where these building are
You can even use imperative
The point is that how few lies can bring the whole Serbian population in danger again, and the next time we could see Serbian army jumping in (or not).
If you show up during Christmas (January 7th) it's gonna be super cheery
seemingly the only way in or out is through Croatia, which would mean scrapping Serbia and Montenegro althogether, two places that I've always wanted to go, and then catching the ferry from Dubrovnik to Italy instead of from Bar.
My cousin came back from Germany to our countryside village and  he inherited a big chunk of land
That's coming from someone from a not rich country
I guess not a lot of Hungarians will be in Serbia in the future.
I live in northern Serbia(Novi Sad,Vojvodina)
Norway's foreign policy, energy policy and economy
I (and)
Yet the sheepish Serbian people apparently want us to enter a political union with the same people that did this.
That one's kinda weird lol
In most EU countries the older generations are right wing here it's basically 50/50 with older and younger people
Each year there is less snow, but this is the first time I've ever seen a winter with no snow at all
I agree, but if Serbia did not obtain these planes in this manner, it would not get any planes at all.
the people who were speeding will continue speeding because the reprecussions are the same and some people who weren't speeding will begin speeding because now they have an extra option
Serbs wanted a bigger Serbia, to the loss of Bosnia & Croatia, and that's all ALL it was.
Everyone just minds their own business, no one cares
Puška, пушка
Austria (Austro-Hungary)
Like you I'm below average height, around 179cm and it's 182-183cm standard here
I GET IT ITS A FUNNY STEREOTYPE NOW STOP IT
Well, now you know how we feel like.
The monument is the commemoration of the [Battle of the Sutjeska] which happened in 1943.
In Belgrade there is a small chain of pastry shops called "[Ferdinand knedle] and they produce all kinds of different combinations of tastes, both, sweet and salty variations
The pizza is actually better in local bakearies
Speaking from experience of my older family members they lived way better lives than they and most of my generation live today
Now,most of the shit is pretty dumb BUT you need to stop believing everything they say
Serbian attitudes harden as migrants gather once again
We had some great ones - but we also had some serious failures
Balkan countries that are (usually) not included are not EU members, and so their cooperation with EU institutions is not so organized.
I moved out this year to live with my girlfriend
Who Will Run the House:
Republic of Serbia is a state of Serbian people and all citizens who live in it, based on the rule of law and social justice, principles of civil democracy, human and minority rights and freedoms, and commitment to European principles and values
Bosnia and Herzegovina didn't not secede from Serbia, but from Yugoslavia.
We had a lot of historical beef, but now we are good
I personally don't care about Kosovo, I think it's more trouble than it's worth to try and keep it under Serbia, especially when over 90% of the population are against it.
They obviously cherrypicked to make Finnish appear more complicated.
No one needs this smarmy, virtue signaling propaganda.
Cases are doubleing daily,but the government doesn't give one
Tamo gde sam ja radio se jos uvek vidi da je do skora bio veoma siromasan kraj i da su stvari tek odskora krenule nabolje
There are so many criminals to clean out of the Balkans
Fun fact Serbia will "surpass" Bulgaria in population soon, because we lose less
Well, traditional/religious reasons aside, Kosovo is rich in natural goods, and you know, it's like 1/7th territory of Serbia, who in their right mind would voluntarily lose 1/7th of their territory?
We don't have any really special idiocy, except the well known 'we are the people of the heaven' and 'at that point in history people in our court used forks and the west used fingers for eating'. But choose *any* of the regular idiotic , evil and sick beliefs and I know people who believe it IRL
Also the vistas by the highway are on some places beautiful
During the wedding ceremony, as the couple says their vows, the bride has the option to step on the groom’s foot if she pleases
Hehe pretpostavljam da je istina negde na sredini, ali što se ovog drugog tiče stvarno ne mogu da se setim da sam ikad videla u Novom Sadu zastavu istaknutu na nečijoj kući ili na terasi
Was that sufficient to understand why Serbs hate Biden en masse, which was my initial point
They speak basically the same language, look the same, have the same genes, and still they hated each other enough to go to war.
Are you really so naiive to think that Russia makes ethnically provocative trains for countries simply out of the kindness of their heart?
Not really, pretty much every language has its own word for "now".
Ok, whatever, I'm not here to decide if he was of Vlahic or Serbian descent, a guy asked me for a source and I sent one.
And I know I chose it on purpose
It's a very complicated thing
Because not being pro-EU and pro-NATO makes one a Serbian subject...
Well to cool myself down I have AC, I free water bottles, I have ice creams, also I just completely make the room dark so there's no sun coming in and it gets cold
Unless we can somehow pull ourselves out of the economic and political shit hole we are in right now, I don't plan on moving back, however I do visit regularly
Because if you say something even remotely critical of the EU or if you don't instantly antagonize Russia then by everything that is holy, plug your butthole and be prepared to get mass downvoted.
or anything about Balkans
We're pretty good in growing thieves and assholes here
It was about a Mozart symphony
So slavorum lied to me
Only after this was the dictatorship called because of the differences in views that were so radical you couldn't agree on anything
don't mean to be rude, but where the hell have you been living for 2 years?
Never found Cyrillic very visually pleasing for some reason, so I tend to avoid it
you're welcome
We have to remember that most sources come from Athenian authors who considered Macedonians as their biggest enemies at the time, so it's somewhat even natural that they were trying their hardest to belittle and demean them.
They themselves bombed the shit out of Dubrovnik for example
Financed and supported by the West just like the '90s protests in former Yugoslavia were
"Name Patronim Family name"
Yeah, but nowhere is perfect
Same thing here, thats why he jumped to be the second politician after Vucic in a small time window of a couple weeks, with a small budget (denied state funds, never happend in Serbia before) and with no large party behind him.
high majority of people there speak russian, and since this is a language map...
Temperature has a lot more factors besides the latitude
I think that it should matter for the minister to know how his branch functions
In my country average wage is 410 dollars idk about other countries
Tsar Dusan tried to get the pope to raise an army because he sensed the Turkish threat.
according to companies, yes, because estonia is pretty much a tax haven regarding corporate taxes
Seselj was openly advocate of gay rights even at the height of 90s. They had a lot of openly gay speakers at their rallies
[Serbo-Croatian] is one language.
Here's an informative [video] on the subject
Harsh, Rough, Precise and Direct, so yeah kinda like German of Balkan languages all other ex-yu and Balkan languages are noticeably softer
Seriously, I find it triggering too, Jesus Christ was it an awful time to live, and I lived in Western Ukraine then.
I could come up with an equally ridiculous example to "prove" that my dialect is actually a separate language.
I always wonder why Serbia never tries to be more friendly with her neighbors
We have [something similar] to the building in the op
That Swedish store that offers high quality furniture
If Jeremic candidates he stands the best chances
trytreats is worldwide but they send you random candy I think, who knows when you'll hit something from the balkans, I tried looking for some online shops but most are in the US.
also, idk how it is in the UK, but even those classes here aren't very pronounced, it's mostly kinda under the covers.
It covers the UK and then wipes out London.
Bashing Serbs isn't anything new on this sub, it's slowly becoming free Karma, just like bashing Russians.
Which is partly true
What about the  king Franz Joseph
When I have red the book I came to conclusion that I should have probably use some psychotropic substance for better understanding
Literally just a bunch of Slavs who decided to suddenly call themselves Serbs and Croats, without any historical context whatsoever.
But to be honest I wish we could stop measuring dicks.
It's not
>Stalin actually had a mental breakdown for a few months after the invasion, he did not issue any orders which led to chaos at the front and only sped up the German advance
politically: Just stay out of any of it
I am liberal but for them is better to loose now and to realize their mistakes and come out stronger than to put every problem under carpet until it becomes too big of a problem
Anyone know what that dot actually is?
Did Serbia annexed Montenegro again?
Kosovo is a land illegaly stolen from Serbia, which has close ties with Russia.
Their prime minister, has been ruling Montenegro since the fall of communism (26 years).
I'd be greatly disappointed to find out that pic wasn't taken in Croatia
You could also buy the vast majority of houses, with the exception of a few neighbourhoods with high-end mansions where you won't have enough for the more expensive ones
There is no mention of Ankara giving Russia permission to carry out assassinations on Turkish soil.
True but his martial arts evens it out
In the second we forgave outright genocide
Already at 5 with English and Slovenian.
Aside from that, cede less of the Middle Eastern territories to the European empires.
Nje je njegova originalna fora, dok pevamo na moru dur
I do acknowledge I am only speaking for myself, I also do believe I'm incredibly lucky being raised by parents who taught me to proud of what I am, and accept others around me
Also your living standard has climbed dramatically and surpassed ours sometimes ago
in serbia we saz Češka (way better then cuechia)
Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot
It's like you've been waiting to ask this your whole life
I wonder how hard it was to find a Korean to Serbian translator.
You may befriend couple of them, sure, but if you imagine chilling on daily bases in a group of friends in which you're the only one unable to speak the local langauge you can forget about it.
Answer this logically and I won't think you're a retard
Felix Romuliana was a complex of palaces and resorts built by Galerius
Better examples here are: John Lackland - Jovan Bez Zemlje, Queen Elizabeth - Kraljica Elizabeta etc
I didn't write Montenegrin because not even most people in Montenegro claim to speak it
If Serbia wanted a greater Serbia, why did it let Slovenia and FYROM go without a fight?
I myself am irreligious as well, but that wouldn't stop me to preserve what my country stood for in the past centuries
Life of Boris is Estonian, I think.
The often talks about establishing a ''Greater Albania'', at that time, the fact most of the weapons were from Albania, etc.
They have a large conservative nature though, together with the muslim population it is quite...
Guys nobody means Serbia will attack France or something,godforbid, just that it won't cooperate with Interpol on Frances,Swiss and Slovenian warrants.
Game goes untill there is only one player left (duh)
Also i dont see whats so controversial about the article, if EU doesn't extradite war criminals, so shouldn't Serbia
How do you now witch is witch
Where the father in-law puts an apple on the highest tree in the bride’s yard, where the groom then has to then shoot it
Sorry to inform you that your opinion couldn't be further from the actual truth
* Serbia is not in estern europe
yeeah, as for the Balkans, legend says they still are battling with each other.
Hey neighbor, we're all in similar shit
First one was actually Milos, he killed most of the opposition voivode, rather silently tho
Thank you very much
They like to compete with other girls who'll look hotter, have a better hairstyle and which one will get more likes on social media.
> Sure it would be a fairly small map compared to GTA V but still pretty fun
There was a satirical party Sarmu probo nisi (You didn't try sarma) which was making fun of other candidates
there is no Bill Clinton to save them this time
Slovak especially seems to me like an example of what to expect from a slavic language, like the best representative of the language group.
It is with Serbia and NATO as it is with Poland and Space.
I am affraid for myself and people I care about
I like the people
So dying for freedom is equal as lgbt rights
I think i pronounce it quicker normally
Serbian Cyrillic:
Map men map men map map map men men
Are Serbians and Bulgarians allowed to comment then?
The most offensive thing u can say to a Serb in my opinion
Which I never disputed ( I said that we are realistically 30 years away from EU ) nor it was a part of our conversation
Yeah, Serbia's really been killing it the past couple centuries.
There's an impostor
90% of our garbage men are gypsies.
As a Novi Sad native obviously I'm gonna recommend my own city
the only difference with China is that China is more transpatent about their expectations
Oh and he doesn't believe in climate change, that's when I stopped watching
>Or it would galvanize the population to become Uber patriotic and nationalistic
It got under 100 recently
The Hungary-Serbia border is a bona fide external border of both the EU and the Schengen area though.
Everyone preasured Serbia tu abolish it (along side one of the most liberal constitution for that time)
Yeah, nobody is denying that, but the article just calls for stricter actions.
A day while quarantine is:
Well, yes, history pertaining to the region of Kosovo.
We decided to go somewhere w public transport and they had these sci-fi looking train/busses which had screens in them,went a million km per hour and I basically couldn't hear them
Thousands of innocent people died by Serbian hands in the 90's.
I don't think Muslims will ever grow a civilized bone in them
That said if you have a job it's generally expected for you to pitch in, but I seriously doubt you'd get kicked out if you didn't.
So yeah, much easier for someone like me to learn Russian than a let's say American
Good news i am above average, bad news- i live in Serbia
And Serbia, being in the economic situation that it is, is happy to play along as long as it gets some benefits from both sides.
Wonder how often this happens but isn't reported
Welp, enoughs enough,y'all had your time in peace, time to reform the Black Hand.
Maybe 60% of the vocabulary are words I already know from Serbian and English, and the grammar is very similar to Serbian
We always use those
My guess is Serbia supports the Serbian entity within Bosnia now, even though Serbia proper is not in good economical and financial state.
Why would i call it Croatian or Serbian?
Is it then so strange, that people who consider themselves European, and who hold up the values of freedom and democracy, stand up for the European Union, for what is the alternative?
I wouldn't visit Moldova because i think it's boring there
Oh we have fake cycling lanes
If you are meeting with someone for the first time, it would be really advisable  to be right on time
Brexit comes to mind and the amount of misinformation and foolishness that came out of it
True, its not like it was going to lower Kosovo, it was going from Serbian capital to Serbian town.
However, it's important to point out that this is not the end of the story.
This is an important question and it deserves some data collection
What an understatement for Serbia
The coat of arms of the Serbian town Kikinda, with the head of a Turk on a sword.
Even Germany has prople that think Hitler was good
Many Serbs came to Montenegro during the peaceful years (including my Grandfather and Father), some people came from Croatia (My Grandmother), and A lot of Bosnian refugees during the war in Bosnia (My mother), So now you have Montenegrins, Serbs, Bosnians, Croatians, and some Albanians sprinkled on the cake we call Montenegro.
Slovenia is the stuck up version of Serbia.
[*Catholics and Sultans: The Church and the Ottoman Empire 1453–1923*] Cambridge: Cambridge University Press
Although that's not something unexpected /s
I understand their pain, I had to go through the same things when most of my family was killed on Kosovo or by NATO bombs
We are told in school that the Prusains were catolised and germanized
and even if someone radical have some wet dreams about things like that it would be impossible and a very dangerous thing to do in the Balkans.
For christsamas eve you fast, you have few types of fasting, most people do "easyest" witch just forbide you eating animal products (but you can eat fish and honey)
I haven't heard of any plans to build a military base there.
You mean he is a devout catholic or?
Yeah, that's my point
Now I am sure some people were for sepparation, how Montenegro has always had it's own government and Serbia has mostly been hands off
Youtube comments as a general are all worst.
Ah well thanks for that but he's Croatian and to strangers it sounds the same, but i agree Serbo-Croatian can sound badass as well
We love when someone comes
But it's hardly the case
It still remained a part of Yugoslavia, as you can see here:
RemindMe
No, no
Or if it's someone i know I go "Halo
It was a tragedy not only for Russia, but for many other countries, especially Yugoslavia and ME countries that became easy targets for American imperialism.
Твој је избор да ли ћеш то остати или постати животиња
So that would be quite impressive.
I also agree with u/tertis that I forgot to mention.
When wave of nationalism striked the area in 19th century, lot of those nations got their long waited statehood (Serbia, Romania, Bulgaria, Montenegro)
(people who the deceased was closest to)
Despite it being a logical fallacy, it does happen.
You people pay
I suppose it can still be used to some extent
This looks way stricter than in Serbia.
Nah, we got fucked over in Yugoslavia (not even counting the wars), everyone hates each other, especially in Bosnia where it's a three way struggle
Theres quite a bit of european electronics music thats not really popular outside of europe
No, no
If ya mean by a court that controls the legality of legal acts and if an act is in line with the constitution then yes we do have it called the Constituonal court
Exactly since all Christmas songs sing about snow aswell
You know this exact dismissive and condescending behavior led to people sympathizing more with Brexiters and with Trump supporters.
Voting for Vučić.
yes
Ahhh NI, commonly known in Serbia as "Irish Kosovo", along with Sudetenland (Czech Kosovo), and Crimea (Ukranian Kosovo).
Our culture of not forcing women to wear pieces of clothing they don't want is superior, fullstop.
It got a lot of media coverage, and few years later, the national assembly passed the law that introduced the institution of life sentence in our country’s criminal law
A War for US Hegemony in Europe… | Global Research
Nice 20°C - 26°C
"Dictatorship is when I climd the minaret (the mosque tower from where priests call people to prayer) and piss on you from abowe
My Grandmother suffered from a stroke, so she had to go to a hospital.
I am not delusional, nor am I a hypocrite, so I don't advocate that Serbia tries to recover control over all of Kosovo.
Yeah, it would be weird to smoke weed while sleeping
Should I just assume all Croats are Nazis?
Yet when Serbia asks someone to detain someone, they release him,ayy
Protests in Belarus
Article aint bad, but Albania joining before Montenegro + Serbia is just unrealistic.
Politico is never right when it comes to balkan.
I remember there was a brand that distributed some very good bagged milk and yogurt from some 10 years ago maybe, but I don't remember specifics.
Almost all demographic data from pre-1915 is based on religion, not language.
haha
Depends which part and which immigrants you're talking about
I mostly use Cyrillic but when I am on the computer i use Latin
Read the comment above slowly, because I see you are having trouble understanding it!
The second journalism is fixed
i realized the implication but you saying it was a bit excessive lol
saturday -> subota
[Kingdom of Serbia (pre WW1 Serbia)] Just looks the best in my opinion
Serbian people protesting are getting pepper sprayed and stuff
Electricity(My Croat brothers might disagree with me but well)(Also all of the other Tesla's inventions)
You still have checks and balances even if Donald is ripping everything apart
How insulting
First one are the Serbs and second one is the Black Sea
The name "Magna Carta" is short for "Magna Carta Libertatum", which is in Latin and probably why your spell check corrected it to "Carter". The English translation would be "The Great Charter" or "The Great Charter of Liberties", which I've honestly never seen in use
In the Balkans hospitality is very important, it's expected of the host to take care of the food and the drinks, so yeah probably a cultural thing
Quite simply he is trying to hold on to the only electorate which still keeps him in power **cough**
I have never heard of it in Serbia, so it is probably unique for Slovenia
Some Europeans have already experienced that, don't generalize that much
like 50+ year old people do, poppy seed tea was popular to "put children to sleep" and farmer did used it to get high
He launched military campaign in Syria where Turkish army mercilessly killed a bunch of Kurds and wouldn’t stop it until  Russia stepped in
I'd say its pretty common to hunt rabbits and eat them here in Serbia
However, in the beginning, before those territories were lost, many Croats supported the collaboration with Germany because of the tensions with the Serbs and the Serbian king inside the Kingdom of Yugoslavia who were supporting the ideas greater Serbia.
Feels like Amnesia
Video games, music, movies, and other kinds of media have also played a huge role in that, too
you should avoid /r/askwomen as far as possible
All our cities are kind of fucked
Everybody knew that recent elections would be close, so if all of opposition was close to winning a majority, this anti-NATO bunch would probably call their supporters to "celebrate" in front of the parliament, and [things could have gotten out of hands once more]
Chill out lads, it was just an intentional hyperbole, I don't think anyone actually believes that all Muslims in Kosovo are terrorists.
That word didn't mean an Illyrian descent, but rather a linguistic term.
We're talking about a conflict turned into one of the bloodiest and most tragic events in Europe since World War II.
Yeah, an economist applying for a job that has a lot to do with economy, just imagine
How shitty is the reality where scientists working to save lives earn 3
We have a similar story in Serbia, but one this one is historically true
will be a huge dent to the "pRoUd tO bE euRoPeaN" crowd, other than that, I kinda expected it
Somersby's what happened in Serbia, but it died down not long after.
School starts at 8am
Gas is about 1
Serbians are the Saudis of the Balkans, on the same level of crazy.
Works for a lot of other countries too
Not really, he has a British bias
First Kolinda and dirty aggressor Serbian chocolates, now this.
When it comes to a Serbian wedding processional, the Barjaktar will lead the way for the wedding party by featuring a banner with an apple on top of it, along with being adorned in towels, rosemary, and flowers
maybe your girlfriend is a guy who happens to have a pussy?
It was aired like 12 yrs ago here.
I don't think anyone considers Serbia proEU.
I know a Serbian man who always manages to include a comment in his conversations on how he loves Russians and how they are brothers and sisters, not just to him but to all of us, referring to us Bosnians and Croatians, the people he mingles with here in the Netherlands.
But in essence there is a lot of similarities
>After the fall of communism the transition to free-market was brutal not even regarding the fact of systemic corruption
Ah the late 2000s-very early 2010s nostalgia trip, here we go
Belgrade here, we had no snow this winter, for the first time in my lifetime I haven't seen snow in winter
I think there is a bigger chance of civil war happening in BiH than international one, but as for Kosovo it could be very bloody and probably all big players would "pick sides" (f.e. US would probably support Kosovo and Russia would support Serbia)
Us too, brother
Prince Milan during the war, was in conformity with the expulsion of Albanians
It came to the point where I had to tell one girl: "why are you sabotaging my efforts to learn your language
We will stay like this for how much
Not to mention how much things like these will compromise the already bad reputation Serbia has in the international community.
#1910_census Funny thing is Serbia even gained population after the war.
That's why the nationalists are shifting towards the Dveri.
In most of Europe, people don't go out after 10pm, here it's the complete opposite
Like the flag at the Serbia Albania game which Serbs got punished for, to Edi Rama saying Kosovo is independent in the middle of Belgrade.
Let's do a quick recap shall we.
Yep
Where did they get the assumption that adding Montenegro to NATO will cost them anything?
Article 1
I'm aware, I first found out about it through a Portuguese girl
I always prefer reading articles in English.
My god, I thought you guys were messing around until I used Google translate
Ah, ok
Also foreigners get lots of attention from our girls, both cause we are not so touristy so they are seen as "exotic" (there are also some infamous gold diggers too, it's not all perfect)
Its amazing
Of course Serbian Tesla has beard.
Kosovo is independent
What about Russia-friendly Serbia
Why is that man
Hrvati ustaše, Srbi četnici, Bosanci glupi, Crnogorci lenji, Bugari izdajice, Albanci kozojebi, Slovenci bečki konjušari itd
There's a difference between 'influence' and trying to bully other Eu members to accept migrants and that's not even mentioning the problem that it's a fundamentally failed idea.
I swear, people these days could be offendend by anything
Serbia especially; I didn't understand why the Fiat 500L sells so well there, but then figured out its produced there.
And the joke is, Federica Mogherini and Angela Merkel met with A.Vucic to boost his chances of winning.
Dunno
And most turists are from either Russia or Serbia so it might be helpful to learn cyrillic.
WW1 was unlike any war before it
vi ar AVR
During the fall of Milošević, there was a news broadcast instead of a Sunday morning cartoon block
No while not repressed, it was most definitely frowned upon especially if you were a member of the Communist party, relatively common if you hoped to have any kind of career
Serbia Mourns 1999 Bombing Victims; Kosovo Thanks NATO
Yes I know tito was killing Serbs and I can't forgive him
Which was followed by the biggest purge in the security services **connected with criminal groups that killed our prime minister**, which pretty much
Be carefull otherwise you will get Serbia...
Bored me to death
Du glabst du kummst jetz davon nochdemst dei pappn so deppat aufgrissn host?
If I'll move to Luxembourg I'd rather struggle for a bit the first months to remain living there, instead of going back to Latvia.
The pizza is actually better in local bakearies
I never knew what it means or heard someone use ćuprija
I hate people here because a lot of them are delusional, but I couldn't be anything really if I wasn't Orthodox
The face of this general says it all.
Roughly that
What is odd, though, is him even talking about that, since the Albanians didn't show any sign of wanting to attack the Serbian minority.
He said he would make a referendum, and let the people decide if they want to go towards EU or Russia.
Why is it unbelievable that Serbians get information from the same news outlets as others?
Usually, Hungarian kids in mixed cities speak Serbian very nicely.
Personally, probably less than 50%.
Well I never heard of Greek language, is that a thing
I don't think that's the dumbest, World War 1 would've happened eventually no matter if Gavrilo Princip killed Franz Ferdinand or not
Oh thanks, I feel a sourge of local patriotism now
The way I cope with it is that I walk everywhere
This old block is filled with trees surrounding every building almost just like in the picture
Pretty much yes,but There are some words that sound unlike anything I've ever heard before
You mean Siberia/Syria
The Albanians were not on good terms with the Ottoman Empire at the time
Actually we don't have beef with them
In order to enter EU Serbian autorities gave enormous power to minorities on local level, especially in Vojvodina.
hurr durr serbia here serbia there
-Living in the capital city of Serbia
I think the point is to list some names that are unique (to some extent) in our countries.
In the Balkans one must make a distinction between folk music (which is generally often region-specific and often a real cultural heritage) and modern folk-pop nonsense that is a cheap copy with drum machines, synthesizers and autotune,
When you hunt it, you eat it usually
People don't generally emigrate if they can stay, and I will try to stay
This is unlike me, but I think that Europe needs to consolidate its army and begin working with Belarus, Moldova, Serbia, Ukraine, Bosnia&Herzegovina and (FYRO)Macedonia on security measures.
You might be my future friend
Of course not
all Romanians speak Moldavian too!
In Serbia we have besides Christmas and all other European holidays a Slava which is like a family patron saint that you celebrate with your family and friends and they are usually in late fall or winter, so by drinking and having fun we endure long and cold winters
I play rugby myself, it's a great and fun sport, too bad people mix it up with american football
I'm not a smoker, for the record
honestly, I'd be really happy if they'd suddenly changed their minds.
Neither of them are nicknames for Aleksandar
You sir just lied
Serbian and Romanian nationalists on the border, do you really think they would let their people live inside the Monarchy?
the data comparisions between the countries is useless as some countries don't have the sub default sub'd upon making an account.
Ethnic map of Vojvodina, northern Serbia
Probably [The hymn of Saint Sava]( if that can qualify.
We have multiple cases where they tortured people.
Speaking of the Gottkanzler, what is his stance on immigration?
One of which is fully phonetical
Moust of d pipl  (at list d madžorati of pipl i nou) spik a veri broken veržon of d lenguidž.
Slovenia was fucking us the hardest.
Yes, very common in Eastern Europe especially in villages or suburbs
That was against the constitution and the sovereignty of the kingdom of Serbia so they had no choice but to deny the ultimatum.
Now look, I'm not saying I support it, or that I'm against it, I'm just saying that there is a certain appeal to it.
This can vary considering ones lifestyle, saving strategies & discipline and location & number of roommates (ie overall price for renting)
Mafias
Likely but I guess we'll never know
I mean, it's OK if you are against EU if you have your own good reasons, but if you live in the EU and enjoy a much richer life without having any intentions to ever step into Serbia again, or to even live here, then I think your whole "nationalist card" is lost.
It's a warning to not look at the content in a professional workplace environment because it is improper
*Gospodin* (Mr), *gospođa* (Mrs) and *gospođica* (Ms).
You are supposed to maintain your clown figure, not to say thinks that have sense.
That's what I said
And can't even spot irony in my comment either.
Is it because they wanna be in Serbia or
I don't think any western European knows any city other than Belgrade and (maybe) Novi Sad
10/10 argument
Really
as u/bureX stated, they are cheap, warm, and easily obtainable.
> But it also did not reform its institutions so it can join EU
How the fuck pig could be racist
Sure, why would we as we have good relations with Russia?
Croatians don't use Cyrillic anymore (since they left Yugoslavia) but many of them however can understand it
wtf is that name i never heard it (best guese its russian like name varation of Romanov)
Kosovo is dirt poor and sadly run by former terrorists (this isn't me being biased
Here's an informative [video] on the subject
Y'all ever seen Podgorica
Don't you mean that Austria has all the rights to both Serbia and an opinion ;)
• Boli me uvo - My ear hurts
Also their Gold Base is weird as fuck.
Imho, Nedić did the best he could in his very limited position, he did stuff like keep the border with Croatia open so Serb refugees could flee
There were like 500k+ before the war, these are the ones that weren't forced to flee to Serbia and stayed
However, if they speak slowly, I might be able to understand around 60 or 70%. I'd really have to make an effort to speak those languages
They are the bullies here, not the Brits.
yeah, this is the old question about who gets to be european
We used to say *Belgrad* but now we say *Beograd* bcs L for some reason shifted to O. Foreigners however kept this old spelling and name and I honestly prefer it, it sounds better to me
How about you read a history book first?
Some English fuckwit asked me does my family own Hercegovačka Gračanica church in Trebinje
It's not because of that, those Serbs were always there, but Tito didn't give a shit about ethnic compositions when he was drawing the borders of Yugoslav republics, which is what we have today
France needs to stand up now, and be a leading example to western Europe
I love my boyfriend , and thankfully he wasn't that ignorant but some of his American friends aren't that bright and jokingly telling him when I visit they'll have to hide the valuables so I don't steal them isn't so hahaha to me
This is like that Canada on strike episode of South Park
sure, they keep using it like it's a good thing, but i expect that written on a cemetary gate
In Serbia we call many our brothers
They have that mysterious dark hair and light eyes thing about them, not to mention that half of the population in Montenegro are Albanian/speak Albanian.
Hope our French brothers are doing okey and give justice to those savages,dont care if some see it as a racist thing or whatever murder and even beheading from what I read is an act of savagery
Zaječarsko, Valjevsko from the big breweries, Kabinet is more IPA microbrewery style beers
Tbf we stole that from Hungarian during Austro-Hungarian presence in Balkans, but nevertheless name stayed the same
That's the assumption that you and others have.
And it is not possible EU is not aware of that, so the only question is why is EU corrupting Serbian officials
They involve 212 Russian troops, three transport planes, 450 soldiers from Serbia and 56 from Belarus, Serbia's Defense Ministry said.
Serbia Urged to Build on Economic Results of 2016
Boli me jaje da se dopisujem sa vama na engleskom, pa ću ovako da vam kažem.
He was like
On the Christmass day, when two people meet, person who is first to greet says "Hristos se rodi" (Christ is born) to which the greeted person answers "Vaistinu se rodi" (He is indeed)
As I understand, Croatia is the same but replace Orthodox with Catholic.
-25M here
Why would he take these accusations seriously?
Montenegro is on its way, so is Albania.
Anyway I think Niko Bellic is not less weird for Croatians or Russians either
We don't have family gathering
By far the green ones
It does have bias, but it's an interesting perspective.
paying that money to drive for like an hour  is not worth it
Do you identify as a Serb on the census though
Utrovački is not well known
You can buy off a police officer for as low as 20€.
* sad šajkača noises *
You see, this is actually sixth  or seventh state, after your departure
I wouldn't say so for Serbia
I heard they were M70's from Serbia.
Serbia Says Russia To Provide Arms To Counter Threat From Croatia
Thanks Romania for being great neighbors
Well if a majority of encounters people have with gypsies is negative can you really blame them for mistrusting and disliking that people group
Not sure when it happened though, I didn't get my MemeNews today, so I'm kinda out of the loop.
rebellion
[Ub] Serbia comes to mind
Load coil(Google it)
So have I got any English mix ups
Religion is no basis on which to found alliances and friendships or seek national interests.
The golden age of Serbia could be considered under Car Dušan's rule
Do denkst noamol driaba noch, Oarschgfriss.
That's very impressive and surprising to hear
I know about Spanish but there "c", "g" and "y" have different sounds while "h" is not read at all
50% are for eu and 50% are against it
Not going to hate on people I consider brothers just because some organisation doesn't like you
I myself am irreligious as well, but that wouldn't stop me to preserve what my country stood for in the past centuries
"For them" and reality
We are told in school that the Prusains were catolised and germanized
Not Serbian, but in this case I would think because the independence was a direct result of the NATO campaign which was shady as fuck?
He visited it once, for a couple of hours, in his entire life.
the problem is, no one probably wants to do it
Serbia, as far as I can tell, is very pro-russian
The United States don't care about the Albanians living in Kosovo, they've done this only for their interest to set up their military there and undermine Russia's authority, while also trying to improve their world standing by showing that the current administration is not against Islam and mitigate the anti-US settlements in the Middle East (failed).
The slav is stronk
It's not like we don't have watered down versions of "to fuck" or "to screw over ", but you said it yourself, that **is** what it meant
disposable income wasn't really the problem in soviet union, it was more that they had nothing to spend it on (due to foreign imports being banned or heavily regulated).
People have a very different understanding of what Montenegrin actually is
Serbia Serbia sounds like a pokemon tho.
That should have been our anthem, and not the god-fearing helpless lament of our fate that we ended up adopting.
We know what it's like
For example, while we write Facebook, you'll write Fejsbuk.
The Papal project thing is ridiculous I agree, but from what I saw, the difference between Serbians and Croatians are minimal if you ignore religion and wealth.
ICJ just said that Kosovo went around that because the declaration wasn't issued by the Kosovo administration but by some representatives, which is just a loophole.
Technically 8 since in elementary school you learn the same thing but less details
Every balcanic country says different thing.
Plus, in Serbian culture, we use it to distinct ourselves from our catholic neighbors, because orthodox christians cross themselves with three fingers, not five, even though Serbian society isn't that much religious, like it used to be
The aforementioned group was comprised mostly of military reserve, and the rest were scum that volunteered to go.
People call Bosniaks - Poturice, which means something like Bosnians turned into Turks, because they are muslim, which they see as an insult.
No you can't. In most countries you can make choose letters, numbers or combinations
Sweetheart, not only the European Union has a commision aimed at negotiating with Kossovo, which yes, is considered as a potential candidate (same as Serbia, Turkey...)
Why should a region of Greece build a wall on the border of Serbia?
Not sure what Romania was doing at the time.
Basically Montenegro existed from 1697 to 1918 when it was integrated into Yugoslavia.
100: some 80g of chocolate, chips, a few bananica etc
Couldn't we have just skipped the bombing and not go to war against the strongest coalition on the planet?
Pointing at something is rude in general, but even more so Pointing at a person
>hasn't even existed in my lifespan
An bhfuil tú a rá nach bhfuil an tsaoirse hÉireann fíor ?
Nothing except the change of the language for the worse, I guess
Only ones i know are [Mali London] and [Šangaj] but those aren't proper towns.
And when I say guests I mean any kind of company really
I once had someone amazed, for example, by how beautiful Croatia's seaside was
I did find this one after some digging, but it still seems pretty light on information.
Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian and Montenegrin are all the same language (usually reffered to as Serbo-Croatian), just different dialects
Terrorist*
The design is shit, and any self respecting priest would condemn such a retarded display.
And where does it say they are already in nato?
we cover "The Serbian Question" in our history course and I'm wondering if my education is actually relevant here.
Why is Vucic hated
Armenian genocide was carried out during and after World War I, so they're kind of counting the people they killed as their own casualties.
It's never avalible, so i just play in English
Kosovo case is such a mess, as a slav I'd love to see it back in hands of Serbia but since bloodshed doesn't grind my gears I'm happy that there's a peace in Balcans.
Fuck I love Serbians, Godspeed!
Weren't you Americans for pragmatism?
That we are like the world's biggest exporter of raspberries or something
"Railway"(system) is *železnica*.
Montenegro is a bit contraversal seeing that theres a literal civil war going on with The Montenegrin gov and 30% of the population wants to steal our churches and riches,while the other 70% is in full revolt for 5 months straight
Oh sorry 410 dollars is on the south of Serbia where i live i switched places of that and average in whole country, in whole country is around 700 dollars [here] is the source but its in Serbian
again
Literally exact same thing (taxi)
I like Galeotti's levelheadedness amidst all the hysteria we're seeing and I particularly like his point that the more we talk about Putin and Russia, the more we grant them power.
There are a lot of major once all around the country as well
Suddenly this old Greek man approaches us and randomly says something along the lines of 'Macedonia is Greek and death to or destroy the false Macedonia'.
5 times more
Can I copy your homework
we have Cevapcici in Serbian restaurants in Timisoara.
It's just a fake history narrative, easily verifiable
Actually, they do
Also Greece for harbouring nearly all our troops on Corfu in WW1 and for refusing to participate in '99
More - sea
Oh yes, in Belgrade some of the known streets are called:
In Serbia Yugoslavia and Tito
I like how Italy is actually one of the worse economies in Europe after Greece but whatever, let's give to NATO $173 millions every year.
What's there to retaliate against
As did many Slavs in the area, who also went on to abuse the Christian population
My point is there were other forces at work and if some skizophrenic Serbian terrorist hadn't lit the tinderbox then somebody else would have.
Include Republic of Srpska ans Bavaria as you included kosovo
It's not uncommon to see people fasten for 40 days before Christmas, or every Wednesday and Friday
Serbia is really centralised coutry, literally every institution is seated in Belgrade
Serbia's the guy that is always looking for the best employee above them and wants to develop a good enough relationship with them to get promoted without actually doing any work
But this is mocking of english spelling (or lack there of)
Oh sweet Sweden, expect a phone call from Merkel in a day or two.
I'd rly like to type longer point of view of Serb from Bosnia but due to hand injury i can't so sry.
He was a favourite in polls and it was quite a shock when he lost.
Almost any successful slovenian company has a factory in either BIH,Macedonia,Serbia or kosovo...
Some believe that we started the war, while some believe that the others did, etc.
Sto odvoji KiM
When he managed to build the new car factory in China everyone was like "oh, he wasn't just talking shit", right now the cars made by Tesla in China are all sold even before getting out of the production line
Special money transaction services for the rich people.
No mine fields in Serbia, only cluster bombs in certain parts left over from the 1999 NATO bombing
it's not white at all
Also if they're against Islam then they're against Syria as a whole then it seems haha
Meaning the given name, followed by parent's name (usually the father, but you can use mother's name too
Classic east-european racists
Albania is in Nato and aspiring to join EU, which means they accept their borders as they are.
Part from Novi Sad to Belgrade is almost done, from Subotica to Novi Sad it's still just a plan
Russian invasion of Ukraine is the result of NATO completely surrounding it I think that's pretty obvious
Nazis were responsible for the attempted genocide of Jews and Romani in Serbia, not Serbs.
But Kosovo has been in Serbian national consciousness as far back as the 12-13th century, so eh.
Similar to Hungarian we use "puškice" which are "tiny guns" :D
It is time we start moving, collectively, in a positive direction
Renowned British scholar Noel Malcolm, the author of the book “Kosovo: A Short History,” in a 2003 interview for Radio Free Europe stated that most of the myths about Kosovo were created by Serbian historians — including amongst other things the idea that Kosovo is the heart of Serbia; the center of the Serbian Orthodox Church and culture.
Because you don't have to know or search the sources yourself.
There are like 30 or so languages spoken in the north of Serbia, 3 of them (Hungarian, Slovak and Ruthenian) are cooficial with Serbian
Mile Kitic - Kilo dole Kilo gore
Cigarettes
Fucking turning lathes
-Fresh from university (MSc civil Eng
Romania is our best neighbour politically
Višegrad estimates are 1000-3000 deaths, Foća seems to be 200 and I found nothing for Trebinje.
Yeah same here
There are several important differences between the Byzantine and the Ottoman Empire for sure.
It can be a bit tough finding info around this region, so I am hoping for some personal experience!
Исто r/Rimjob_Steve
But nothing compares with one India show that they started playing in 2008 until 2016
When arriving by plane, you can't pinpoint where these building are
Those poor Serbians, just sat at home minding their own business when NATO decided to bomb them for no reason other than a cruel laugh.
WARS
I can read well, tho I need my glasses for that, and I can also talk normally with anyone when we are walking on the sidewalk
Bosnians are mostly secular, middle easterns aren't.
Whatever you say, I trust my own eyes more than the hallucinations of some random redditor.
Take a look at the current state of Turkey and try to make an assertion why it should join the EU.
We lost a battle where we had 50k-70k men and the Ottomans had 800 (I can explain in replies if someone's interested)
So is it important *which* people you ask?
It is a small detail, might look insignificant, but clearly shows his opinion of the country, which makes me 80% believe the first statement in my previous comment
My grandma used to make them, and you can buy them in the nearest bakery too
You just spent WW1 selling explosives and cocaine to both side
Anyway, freezing nights, hot days and oversized insects all around were worth the incredible scenery
Serbian uses one word for both - izolacija
The war was the result of the hate, not the cause.
Once again, you can fight evil on your wedding day by featuring a Zarac
Playing video games, tinkering with broken electronics, watching cartoons and TV shows, building LEGO structures, playing basketball
) but tell that to those folks that live near the immigration camps (or gathering sites of illegal immigrants), places where terrorists attack occur and similar
Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't be able to live like that either, I moved out a year ago (I'm 24) and more and more people move out, but many still live with their parents, especially outside the big cities
Do we slice up every village and city block into Albania or Serbia?
After all that it is now owned by Chinese and it is currently largest exporter in Serbia
However this is not a general truth and I can't really say anything
Sure, but from Serbian chocolates [this one] is my favourite.
On phone one of the defaults
I thought so first but then I looked at his flair ;) "Serbian...
> I don't think people really relate poppy to opium here
Could you please elaborate on how Franjo did good
Prince Milan during the war, was in conformity with the expulsion of Albanians
quince rakija -> dunjevaca
In French, you first found that you are dealing with something that is horse, and so on
They threw 15 tons of uranium on serbia and montenegro which was a un violation people are still dying from cancer and numbers are going up because of that
I just nodded and smiled
Macron my dude you are right I really hope our president in Serbia will finally expel all these migrants from our country
Edit: names of each generation's male: otac, deda, pradeda, čukundeda, navrdeda
Lol, same can be argued for Bulgaria.
Or any of 2000 civilians that died in the bombing or from radiation
Serbian, Croatian, Montenegrin and Bosnian are dialects of one language: Serbo-Croatian.
Are salaries really higher in Bosnia than in Serbia and Macedonia or is this just a fluke?
IMO it's not to difficult to understand.
samoubica - only killer (suicidal person)
As a human I am glad Trump lost but as a Serb now I will look at the US politics more closely now bc Biden has had a hate bonner on us before and I just do not know much on his stance or views on us today
vast majority of russian people like putin
He’s doing it in selfish interest, to stay in power longer, by creating conflict and homogenizing Turkic national being
wars against nazi Germany etc, I'm not supporting USA and their allies in this new age.
At least they have obvious examples.
by saying "sir" you might misgender your officer./s
A fact, the creator of scientology was a drug abuser and a criminal.
No, I wouldn’t say so
Referendum day at first it was told Milo lost and I remember my whole school cheering, to have our dreams crushed later
The bad relation to Croatia is because of the Croatian Independence War,
I can understand that Middle English excerpt better than the Early Modern one, due to the latter's flowery language
Also male : female ratio in villages and smaller towns is horrible, almost no young girl is willing to settle in those places, while guys usually stay with their parents.
99% of the time
Seems you should wish for that judging by your comments...
I'm not defending them, I'm just trying to understand.
So the town of Kecskemét is 'town of goats' in literal translation or something similar
I'm not sure which country officially has to take the blame (since it was probably only a few sick individuals behind it all)
Even when we conquered each other we had respect for the opposing side
Majority of heroine in Europe comes from Albanian extremists in Kosovo, it's unfortunate that people will hate the whole nation beocuse of things like that but that's just how it is
Only if I'm really close/comfortable with them, hug or pat on the back is acceptable.
Was that sufficient to understand why Serbs hate Biden en masse, which was my initial point
Ah, thanks for the link, i was too lazy to find one :)
Skip to seage of Vienna, the holy league wins, so Serbs rebel, but Austrie doesn't give a sht, so the great migration of Serbs
Her icon was damaged by the Turks by scratching out the eyes, a typical method of icon defacing
Well they really made me wonder, now I have to go see the rest of Germany :) I know I'll go back to Berlin but hey
From that point onward, both ethnic groups had recent experiences of massive victimization that could be used to justify 'revenge' attacks
No seriously this is #Pizzagate level stupid.
Vrište mi jaja - my balls are screaming
The party with an Albanian leader is pro-Russian
Some 20 Serbian and Montenegrin citizens, including a former commander of Serbia’s special police forces, were arrested in Montenegro during the Oct.
~~English name~~  american way of pronaunciaction of Scott is prounaunced as serbian word skot (basterd)
She works with a ton of Greeks, Bulgarians and Macedonians (we are in Chicago).
Nothing weird about it, in fact I enjoy it more this way
Federal Republic of Yugoslavia continued to exist for 12 more years.
I do acknowledge I am only speaking for myself, I also do believe I'm incredibly lucky being raised by parents who taught me to proud of what I am, and accept others around me
Yep, and majority were against Slobodan too, but oh well, that doesn't matter now.
We have to face the truth that we support one secession, and condemn another.
Churchill about expulsion of million of Germans after WW2
I learned when I was 6 or 7, and before that I was riding it with those extra 2 wheels
On PC i use QWERTY too with small enter key no added keys on the side too
Actually, skot is more like bastard.
Da, na to misli, ni ja nisam odmah skapirala
You can stop 15 m before it and run to gas station.
Or maybe they all just spoke English.
There wasn't lol
Many of us actually do not like it at all
Serbia is a colony since 5th October "revolution".
Very constructive visit by Macron
Is there a traditional Christmas/New Year movie then
Photo Tour - Orthodox Monastery Manasija, Serbia
Serbia didn't invade anyone, they just provided the Bosnian Serb army with supplies/weapons and tech.
Urlati has same meaning in serbian
Thanks, Austro-hungarian Empire!
I am simply giving figures here.
Unfortunately, as long as Russia is backing them up, they will continue to claim Kosovo.
Montenegro
Autonomous districts have some level of autonomy regarding to funding, education and usage of language, yet main obligations and powers are in the hands of the Republic.
Being a historian myself, the book actually looks interesting and factually correct from what little Macedonian I can understand.
To be fair Serbia is not unique in this regard.
The songs that every Serbian knows are the following:
Langs arent the most important.
It's Serbian, so it makes sense.
But every time Croatia does something that Serbian politicians don't like, politicians who were a vivid followers of Seselj and similar company, dare to call Croats fascist.
I mean a few days ago a few Albanian soldiers in the greek army made some spread eagle gesture and the greeks freaked out.
He was arrested by Yugoslav partisans and he auto defenestrated himself while waiting his trial
Only for it to collapse 25 years later, we were doing better as a Kingdom or Great Principality or even a Despotate
Same
As I pointed out to u/Helskrim on another branch of this thread, relations were much worse with the local bureaucracy of the Ottoman Empire than with local Albanian civilians
Great
Ive been to Corfu, Vido and Hawaii (in Budva, Montenegro)
Tu se ekipa sa bosanskog discorda razjarila krenuli da brigadiraju post downvotovima itd i onda im je pala na pamet genijalna ideja - [ovaj post!] da uzvrate jer je crna ruka svoj prvi post nazvao tipa "beautiful scenery from Rep.
> Osijek: Definitely the most east-european looking and feeling city in the country
Bosnia is dysfunctional i agree.
A bride can adorn herself with many beautiful jewels on her big day, but never pearls, as they symbolize tears
there wasnt one when i joined this sub
Here in Serbia if you are not at home the delivery guy is not going to leave the package because you have to sign for it
According to wikipedia the Serbian minimum wage is about 3,300 euros per year, while that of the Netherlands is 22,000 euros per year.
I guess that makes me a known troll from /r/serbia
\[3\]\[1\] Supporting Protić's views for expulsion of the Muslim population, including Albanians, were most of the senior Serbian army officers and Prince [Milan]
Just you have to share first glass with me
>Aye, everything south of Kolpa river is a mess
Same thing was done in Serbia  how they are trying to sell the holy Kosovo for money and a place in the even more corrupt “EU”
Wake up whenever
All of this because Serbia won't recognize Kosovo
I know :( I guess for them it will be more of the same plus this resurgence of show-off religious crap
Kinder Surprise Eggs
>*That from the time that he first began*
I think rabbit is common if you have a hunter in your family
America is considered leader of western world, free world call it how you want.
"say hungarian reports" ahh yes the one country that despised Serbia at that time
"Write as you speak and read how it's written"
Serbia, a country with a GDP/c below Iraq
My grandfather had a Serbian driver ( he was a politician before he retired) who told us that in a village nearby where he was residing, the Roma were slicing people.
Id like to thank Montenegro for being such a bro
1 being "multi ethnic" of peoples speaking pretty much the same language in a continuum
90s, expulsion of the Albanians, Turks and other Muslims in 19th and 20th centuries, expulsion of Germans after WW2
ja i rodjak radimo u distribuciji, ja 5 godine on 30
With the new technologies, it was literally the most covered war in history until the Syrian war
Don't fucking say shit like that...
Oh look, the daily sh!tthread by our unfriendly Serbian sockpuppet accounts.
Како би ова Енглеска реченица изгледала кад би била написана у писму твоје државе?
and if Bosnia, Croatia, Macedonia, Montenegro and Albania chip in, we'll be the most hospitable place on earth
Do you think Serbia will eventually join the EU?
There are rumors that the football hooligans were paid to break up the protest or instigate people to violence.
I don't think anyone has illusions about Serbia's allegiance.
I'm aware, I first found out about it through a Portuguese girl
Serbia or Belarus or Ukraine or Moldova or Luxembourg or Vatican or Monaco or Bosnia
And if you come to someones house we will feed you, and give you drinks till you burst
How popular is [Angry Foreigner] in Sweden?
People got killed for their freedom there
The general idea behind it is to wipe out traces of historical Serb presence in Kosovo and Metohija (notice how they tend to leave out the Metohija part out of the name).
Kinda same here, but hot for me is 28+
"we'll never be able to find the villains layer"
The internet
Not going to hate on people I consider brothers just because some organisation doesn't like you
I think we all know that the next place for expansion in terms of expansion that is DEFINITELY possible is the remaining Balkan States.
I guess it shocks other normal foreigners :)
When he dies, his party will die with him, thus ending one shitty era.
Just remove the coat of arms and we're [cool.]
English is super easy to learn, not because it's an easy language, but because of the internet, TV etc
You have no idea what you talking about
So it was religiously motivated.
Where is it
Serbian spoken in Serbia is Ekavian while the one spoken in Montenegro and Bosnia is Ijekavian
Thanks Belarus for supporting us in the hardest of times (1999)
Yes, I go there every night, hehe
I'm just tired of Serbs being painted as bloodthirsty genocidal nut jobs and the rest of the Balkans getting a pass even though we've all dabbled in genocide in the past
Absolutely
em, i'm pretty sure the categorization has been like this for a while.
Serbian girls are becoming darker as well as tanning culture here IS HUGE.
that's because Russia was already at war with A-H at that point
It's 100% phonetical
Foreign but it's definitely saddening, it's more of a mark of humanity than anything and in itself it's a great historical and architectural treasure
>Maybe i'm mistaken but i feel like older people are mostly against the EU since they still look at russia
You are refering to us as if we made those decisions
Chocolate
You could no longer take your towel and just enjoy the summer and swim
It's called Megatrend University, it's so good, not too expensive, professors are really into their jobs, few years ago they made 2 new branches, one for pilots, idk how that's going, but one for the DJs is really good, so yeah
Were you born on a raft
But in essence there is a lot of similarities
If you want more examples, look at how Serbia was demonized in the 90's.
Our alphabet is phonetic
Well, after Bosnia War it was only Serbia and Montenegro so yeah they were all Serbs and all hated Albanians!
was a really nice nightclub my friend showed me
It's quite similar to the way Germany shrunk in 1945.
Kosovo and Serbia should swap land, Ivor Robert says
Choose a room on one of the top floors to be away from the bar/street/courtyard noise.
Turns out hamburgers are an American food to you
And that's a fully legit one with all matching serial numbers.
I know that's why I'm mentioning it
....so Croatians
Imagine tomorrow something happened, and police identify suspect as a Czechoslovakian.
Around 20,000 or more joined and thus ignited the insurgency.
you bash Serbia for calling Russia it's brother (Serbs generaly don't only hardcore nationalists and westerners)
Youre not that far from here and I believe there are some low-cost flights.
There is a correct position on a lot of things but politically it's harder to tell
I'm still hoping to actually move to Greece and run a small B&B on one of the Ionian islands
I'm a Serb, living in Serbian Union.
Yeah, Bosnia has a pretty admirable record, far more so-called "Christian" nations are supplying ISIS with recruits, the Balkan Muslims are mostly withdrawn from this current.
And I do not blame people thinking he was Croatian cause Niko can be a Croatian name lol
They're not new countries at all
”. It is believed that the one that the bride pulls by the nose will be the next to get married
We are there closer with Bosnia, Serbia and Slovenia.
Novi Sad (350k) - visually more pleasing than Belgrade, home to one of Europe's most famous festivals, Exit
Yeah, Croatian and Serbian are almost the same
However kids tend to destroy lockers and since keys were so poorly made they were often broken, now they are still there but don't serve any purpose as far as I'm informed
None of us chose where we were gonna be born, and we shouldn't hate each other because of what our governments do
Our autumns and springs got totally fucked up in the past few years
My favorite is still Dragodrag
Greeks gave us support in the late stages of WW1 too, and when our king allowed germans to pass to Greece,our army overthrew him.
If anyone is an *ungrateful swine* then that is your people.
I GET IT ITS A FUNNY STEREOTYPE NOW STOP IT
Now accent is pretty hard for non-native speakers
Serbian rule of Greece lasted for 25 years, Bulgarian rule for 23 years.
Definately depends where
Macedonian: around 50-56%? If I really focus, I can even hold a conversation
Wow, Welsh is really a beautiful language i can see why you preserved it despite the circumstances
*Pretends to ignore Kosovo*
Our politics are not retarded, but merely *special* in their own way.
I had a great time, would love to go again
Most of the local Muslims in these countries suffered as many died during the conflicts and others fled.
The commies predicted Wi-Fi confirmed.
Đavolja Varoš (my opinion quite unpopular)
Not going back anytime soon
Stay safe brüder, I have family in the area, this hurts my soul
Al Bab is far away from Turkish border.
I work at an ad agency
Same in Serbo-Croatian, *mula* and *mazga*.
Historically, Serbia's borders have radically changed.
Most populous country and city in Europe too
They think they do it because in order to display this aura of brotherhood, and equality.
He legit makes a killing from vegetables and dairy
Neighbouring countries like Montenegro and Serbia with their high living standards?
Today's context of those words be about Great Serbia.
I'd say Bendegúz. Also sounds kinda funny
We would freeze just by looking at him
Croatian "journalists" picked up this story and went full retard with it.
Similar to how the Pešhevo Valley joining Kosovo is a violation of Serbia's territorial integrity, Mitrovica joining Serbia is a violation of Kosovo's historical integrity.
I mean, I see you are saying it in spite of the fact that most of the sales of alcohol and tobacco are legal and taxed sales
to be fair, lightning is superior to micro usb
It worked for India in 1947 when millions of Muslims and Hindus switched places.
* Roman is no where near serbian name
Alexander never invaded Serbia btw.
No one gave a damn about Ukraine in Europe before Russia took Crimea.
Would be amazing if these charts had % numbers on them
This is basically the core of modern day controversies and problems Balkan had and still has, not "primitive Balkaners arguing for no reason whatsoever".
Some call the period of their total domination in politics after suffrage was significantly expanded from 1903 to 1914 the Golden Age of Serbian Democracy
Normally they are organized in Serbian parts.
On top of that anyone who happened to be traveling was not allowed to vote and was held up at the border, the same way they forbid Vlado Georgiev, probably most famous musician from Montenegro to enter the country during the vote yesterday
So Farage and his band of cool kids basically can either sit there and stfu or not show up
We actually did, it was named “home economics” (domaćinstvo), when I went to primary school, was in 6th grade (we start at 7yo), so I was 6th grade sometime during 1992; was Yugoslavia, we had civil war and world sanctions and whatnot - so our home economics class was - only a theory
We already struggle with current members like Hungary and Poland, who don't take the issue of rule of law and balance of powers as seriously as they should.
Most people here earn around 300€... If you have more than 600€ a month you can basically do whatever you want
I might have gotten something wrong, I don't watch Sponge Bob
Okay
Once we went to an ATM and we didn't understood a single word there because everything was written in Romanian and there was no option to choose another language
The Russian Empire, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, the Empire of Hungary, the Serbian Empire, The Ottoman Empire, the Bulgarian Empire and the Prince-Electorate of Bohemia were all important historical empires with great influence.
Finally something, you and I can agree!
Now, I don't know much about Sweden but that is my impression about them.
“Our opponents, the media and the whole world will soon see as we begin to take further actions, that the powers of the president to protect our country are very substantial and will not be questioned.”
For 1 RSD you can't really buy anything
I don't watch sports but this is seriously stupid
That's coming from someone from a not rich country
Honestly they cost as much as premium android phones nowadays
As someone who studies history your castles make me insta-orgasm.
Every romanian i've met was really nice and showed interest in Serbia.
>The last execution was in 1959 and the last death sentence was given in 1980
Albanians aren't proven to be descended from Illriyans, thats just propaganda and a proposed theory.
The most Serbian of Croatian cities: Vukovar
Imho, Nedić did the best he could in his very limited position, he did stuff like keep the border with Croatia open so Serb refugees could flee
So why don't you compare Serbia to Singapore, eh?" or "You like government involvment and regulation in the economy over a free market?
The Serbs thus massacred may civilians, including KLA commander and founder Adem Jashari with his brother and family.
the average person doesn't know that Bosnia and Herzegovina is different from the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and that.
For state flag people are died in wars
You are supposed to be arrogant , smart guy , subscribed to /DE and not falling for propaganda
and mercedes' from the 80s and 90s
All the Portuguese have wind covers
Is there any criteria for what constitutes a relevante issue?
And yeah, the recognition of Kosovo has tarnished many longstanding relations, but im curious why didn't Slovakia buckle but Czech Republic did
I know what this map is trying to say, but I am 100% sure it's bullshit
I wish Kosovo created bigger response and call Serbia on their bluff.
You can find people cheering for Hitler, that doesnt mean many people support him tho
Every cyrillic letter has its Latin form.
Tacno kako si reku
For me, visiting Serbia for the first time, it's really hard to understand how Bulgaria and Romania are in the EU, but not Serbia.
Milans from the RS would tho, with support from Zeljkos from Serbia.
Germany set an ultimatum for Russia to take that mobilization back.
Fuck me, I thought Serbia was in the EU already,
Belgrade included in BBC's top 5 artistic cities or something article (rare for us to get positive media coverage)
Edit: two years ago, fuck i forgot it is 2021
It was famous for long time as second only to kinder lada spread
Go to Serbia if you want to see a lot of smokers.
If you are implying that US citizens are protesting because of their nation world dominance, i think you are very wrong.
When it comes to a Serbian wedding processional, the Barjaktar will lead the way for the wedding party by featuring a banner with an apple on top of it, along with being adorned in towels, rosemary, and flowers
I would ideally be looking at this taking around six months, if not a little more.
Budimpeshta, the 'sh' makes a "š" sound
I mean, it's not caricature of Asian men, but  could be associated with Hong Kong protest at best if you streach it, as far as I understood
No you are not
In French, you first found that you are dealing with something that is horse, and so on
Rather than be captured by the Turks and impaled, Sinđelić fired his pistol into a powder magazine, killing himself and all Serbian rebels and Turkish soldiers in the vicinity.
I'm gonna start attending real courses in September, but I did learn some very very basic stuff over the internet already
3: Nis - Bulgarian border
Romania (we are literally the only two Balkan countries that don't hate each other)
One act does not justify the another.
Serbia is kicked out of ENQA im 2019
As I understood some time ago only one country is always considered as part of Balkan, whether just geographically l, politically or by mentality and it is Serbia
It's rife with philosophical themes, every other verse could be a proverb.
Just as britiah monarchic trafition starts in 1066, so does ours start in, well, 1833 (I think thats the year), wehn Miloš Obrenović became knjaz of Serbia, and the title was hereditary
The vast majority of the population still speaks standard Serbian, but Montenegrin is as close to it as a new york accent is to a boston accent.
It's written in the italic font, that's why it looks like an 'm'.
They won't cause it would be ilegal, since they would break the art 1 of the Spanish constitution
so you only live until the middle age in bulgaria?
i fail to see ethnic cleansing performed by Albanians to the Serbian minority.
Stojanović, Dubravka (2010)
Austria declared war against Serbia, then Russia mobilized its troops.
We sing happy birthday in a completely different tune than anyone else
Okay enough internet for today.
you're around 70 years old and using reddit?
There are no funds to do so with all the people coming in, and if they try it always ends up with the immigrants revolting and destroying every thing.
Well like half of B&H has a huge boner for the ol' Ottoman blokes, but the other half...
People are costantly thinking of the 90's which is a reason that stops peace in Balkans.
There are authorities on other side that take them back and investigate why would they search "protection" in first place.
my country fucked things up in kosovo - we got bombed.
Nope, it tastes delicious, maybe it's dependent on the type of carp but in north Serbia/Hungary it's very popular.
Unfortunately if you don't want to wait in the hospital, bring chocolate, coffee, drinks or even money to nurse or maintenance stuff and just like that you are almost 1st in line
From my experience, Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia and Hungary.
We have a similar saying that Napoleon talked highly about Karadjordje who was the leader of the First Serbian uprising against the Ottomans
For Orban a little less but still Russian friendly.
If you look at Kosovo's historical demographics, that was the point where the demographic shift resulting in today's majority-Albanian Kosovo really started.
The flower is known for being able to be revived by watering it when it becomes completely dry, therefore having a nickname "phoenix flower". That trait symbolises the Serbian Army in WW1 perfectly
Oh yeah
If I was living in Turkey, I would be getting out as fast as I could right now.
Ш ш  | Š š | like SH in shock
We kinda joined the war just to get Transylvania and we lost 20% of our total population during the war, one of the highest loss ratios after Serbia.
Azithromycin(Kinda)
I doubt that he was just a random dude especially if he was an archbishop.
In fact, it was Dodik who even founded Serbia, the Republika Srpska, and even the Serb people themselves."
People do that more often than you think hah
None, I don't have it mostly
That sounds insane to me, a relationship between family shouldn't be that between a landlord and the one inhabiting the house
Mostly because there is no other "neutral" word for any of them
>I am interested in Syrian war since it started and often discuss it on internet and i can say only few people really support Bashar
All people from all countries in the world can/could find themselves in it at some point in their history, the relevance for Serbia is that it predicted what would happen in the next 30 years
I am not saying we were any better, but there were many innocent deaths on both sides and war itself is an awful thing which brings nothing good to humanity
The eventual triumph and charge north from Greece back to Serbia is seen as a sort of a phoenix rising moment.
Tako se resava musolinija
a lot of my classmates don't know how to do most things so they ask me to do them
Also on a a different note, this leaves the question: What would have happened with the other territorres that weren't German, which was the case with most of the Habsburg monarchy?
Sure, but if women don't want to have kids that doesn't mean men want to have kids.
Meaning we have 30 different voices and 30 respective graphemes, without exceptions
Is it really that hard to believe not everyone is hateful like Albanians
Thanks
Srbija to Tokyo
You could pay for private clinics, but no one has the money for that.
Thanks for the tip fam
'A Balkan event without at least 3 dead people is considered a dull affair'
Yet another compromise by the Serbian side, for 0 gain.
I don't really have a choice, I haven't played any game that's translated into Serbian or Croatian, but even it was, I'd play on English, I guess I'm just used to it in video games
How and when she get there
Not even if they have sent a train with "Montenegro is Serbia" plostered on in it in 200 different languages
Next, nectar and swisslion are very popular I would say
There is deminutive, yes, but it's usually derived from a nickname already
Thanks, I didn't see that comment.
However we do know about geographical stuff, like deserts, mountains, rivers etc
The former Croatia international, who helped fund a 2016 film alleging that the Croatian holocaust was exaggerated, was banned for 10 games in 2013 after engaging in nationalistic chanting after a World-Cup playoff game against Iceland
Croatia, Bosnia, Albania
the english spelling is just inconsistent
Theres probably a reason for that, like arresting Haradinaj yesterday so no need for more controversies to Albanians.
Merak (turkish origin)
In Serbia, we are losing around 50 000 people per year on a population of 6
Rakija- it tasts like alcohol with some fruit notes
I thought "mammoth" was Estonian.
I have a friend from mixed German-Serbian-Hungarian-Slovak background
And it's not just me, I don't think there is anyone who understands them
The others, especially the Croatian, give an impression of normalcy - something about national politics, a crime story, a human interest story, a bit about the rest of Europe, about the world, some sport, the weather.
I never said that they are refugees, you said that.
Actually Bulgaria, Serbia and Greece liberated all of the territories that were under the Ottoman rule
Yeah, same in Serbia, it's way less
njuz.net is serbian version of the onion.
You are one of the few that say so around here.
They are simply dialects of one language, like US and UK english
There's a barbeque festival in my city every year and usually the first night there's tons of fireworks
Sounds like Serbia's wet-dream for places like Kosovo.
In wealthy countries, it works well
A sidenote: Here in Serbia a bottle of beer costs like the equivalent of around 50 cents in Euros.
why did I watch the whole thing?
You said escape thats not the same mate
Men face real issues, some are based on societal expectations and some even in law.
Sometime around 780 the Principality of Serbia was proclaimed
Well they dont sell it because its only the young people moving out, the old people (60+) keep living in villages so the villages will be almost non existant in a few decades.
The persecution of Muslims was continued during World War I by the invading Russian troops in the east and the Caucasus and during the Turkish War of Independence in the west, east, and south of Anatolia.
What you mentioned they call *sirnica*.
You want the Queen imposing absolute monarchy and ending Brexit
Here in Serbia you just pray not to get hit by a car
I saw a similar story on Twitter a couple of days ago
I still hope you people are just saying that Serbs were the bad guys just cus u hate us,but you should know the actual thruth
yeah, should've just annexed the shit out of them and called them serbia.
it costs a lot in my country ...
Edit: since i read some comments i figured out this wasnt about phone keyboards
And when I do, I just skip it
We don't say "Former Serbian province of Kosovo"
Yeah, I don't think it's only about unemployment, but also about you (our orthodox brothers) working under the table in plenty of areas.
Both are somewhat romanticised but by different types of nationalists
Lynch mob mentality at its' worst.
> Anyway, you choose to play with Russia and China because Kosovo independence(useless ideological battle)
Serbia’s Proposed Srebrenica “Genocide Denial” Law |
So yes if you want to, no if you don't want
I remember hearing something about it, and hearing about how she had some strong evidence, but I didn't know it was a conspiracy
Im guessing the appeal of Trumpet music went over your head :/
They expanded to the North
Sir = Cheese
No, I was just curious about the article which explicitly states the nationality of drug related shootings...
Belgrade
That's not what Brusseles said to Orban.
She was born in what is now Serbia, am I right?
Goes to smoke breaks frequently
I've seen that too many times in these threads.
Some factory probably exploded badly when got hit with depleted uranium
For us here, that price js high (3 euros for marlboro red) but I think for the rest of Europe it is quite cheap, correct me if I’m wrong
Lmao this same exact thing happened in my home as well
Turkey and Serbia didn't get vetoed.
Just throwing this out there
It's a Belgrade hotel called Design Hotel Mr
Ч ч  | Č č | like CH in chair
Yes he got Seebia independent but killed Karadjordja greats hero Serbia have seen
I talked to a few Kosovo Albanians but we have a different take on it since we live in Germany
Scots is not hard, but it is about something I already know
Other than that 15-20 minutes is not even worth mentioning
Were you born on a raft
Even in the second statement the Serbian PM said that the events in Montenegro were not serious and were, indeed, just a reflection of his fight with "Eastern and Western" intelligence services.
The video says Albanians are Mexicans to Serbs, so i made a joke with the most common mexican name that comes to mind.
It is seen as negative because of the anger  and stress it produces when not being precise on time
Help
Facebook in 2010 was the best, now it's a trash.
One way or another, but it would have been dismantled.
I only know the backstory, can't say however that I am familiar with every detail.
Shit just went from 0 to 100 real fucking quick
- A lot of cafés , if you're into that stuff
Well it really is about Belgrade related thing.
I've been to Trieste last week and it's a nice city.
the deaths went down in the us, showing that it is not as deadly as we’ve heard
Well ofc I'll be called that
And with their birth rates being much higher than most, if not all of Europe, they will quickly gain power.
I like mountains, lakes and forests.
You just posted it here, online for all to see.
To be fair I think there was some anti-Macedonian rally in the city at the time as I saw Macedonian Greek flags everywhere but then again Greeks love their flags
There's also word play in there, "na molu" can be "on the pier" or "instead of a minor scale"
What's with the clump of artifacts in Russia (above Kazakhstan)?
Colorful graveyards are seen as cool and exotic
Didn't Serbian cavalry march in Split and Zagreb
Rakija- it tasts like alcohol with some fruit notes
(f*ck) the grabdma of your grandma
Yeah
I meannnn
Thank you for receiving our army and people in WWI, for the hospitality then and now, when we came to your beautifull country in summer
I personally want to visit Beirut, Lebanon , Tel Aviv and Jerusalem, Israel  or Istanbul, Turkey . But in theory the first one will be Dresden, Germany  visiting friends and family
And yes, you can have some rakija for free
Why are you running away from discussion then
America, KSA and now Russia and Iran are the boss there and all the crap is on us.
A lot of them claim to be Italians, but are, lets say, a bit more southern
However, I've been to Timisoara and it is very similar to most of big cities in Vojvodina (f.e. Novi Sad)
That map is kinda missing Romania and some additional territories like Moldova and parts of Hungary for us.
You may be surprised, but German dialects have more variety than Serbian/Croatian/Bosnian/Montenegrin/whatever
Thank you for respecting and remembering our common history and maintaining the friendship
Also, I agree that Romanians and Bulgarians wouldn't fight us, it would probably be Albanians
As for girls:
Well, he said that Serbia will not allow (which could be understood as a threat of war) an *armed attack* on Serbs in Kosovo and Metohija.
Its easy to get roped in, because it seems fun and harmless at first
Diverting evil eyes:
(So why just not wait there haha)
But the flag remains controversial and only gets proudly presented from Neo-Nazi, Ultranationalist, etc
Yeah, Croatian and Serbian are almost the same
Mafias
You mean Hong Kong
As I said, I don't want to risk being in these conditions if at all possible.
It was a common language (Serbo-Croatian) until 90s.
There is a bevy of similar racist things he said about Serbia if you look for it online
so estonian shares about 1/4 of the words' roots with finnish?
But not all numbers have gender, only one (masculine, feminine and neuter) and two (just m and f)
I heard an awful one (but it's also a great explainer):
Yes the [Gusle]
Wake . Them
However, she must wear a bridal wreath
Du bist ein Schwein
None of us chose where we were gonna be born, and we shouldn't hate each other because of what our governments do
Najstariji preuzima od oca jer ulgavnom on ostaje u njegovoj kuci da zivi (barem je pre tako bilo)
why do people want to get rid of it though?
Climate change is definitely real
Do as we say,not as we do lol
Austria knew this but he was never told to step down.
Granted they have plenty to be proud for but they're proud for all the wrong reasons
Serbia or Macedonia are neither EU nor Schengen.
Let ask serbians in serbia what they think of these.
Yeah, except with the leading elite who were so against aristocracy and monarchy that they lived in their former palaces and villas and demanded to be worshipped.
Also I wouldn't believe the polls in our corrupt country.
At that point the war will seem a bit silly.
Volunteers from Montenegro were sent to fight in the Russian Army in Manchuria.[4] In the peace treaty following the war, Montenegro was excluded from the treaty and a state of war continued to exist between the two countries.
You don't have a clue what you are talking about do you?
You said Serbians are obsessed.
Skip
Russia (has saved our ass multiple times)
Yep, completely different from the 20th century nationhood called Slovakia.
Yeah same here, kids being 14-15 and drinking like its end of the world
Not really, those groups are generally minorities, women are not.
Yes, the minced-meat-with-rice-wrapped-in-cabbage sarma.
&#x200B;
It's the last court you can appeal to using legal remedies (the constitutional court before is a whole different entity here) here
No no they are all for democracy, people deciding etc
Yes, other people in the thread pointed out the same.
Still better than how Serbia is pictured.
Had a good laugh imagining this
I have never heard of it in Serbia, so it is probably unique for Slovenia
Russian and Macedonian because it's really similar
I also think Russia as we are allies and Slavic
Usually weaker countries pay tribute not make bigger coubtries their bitch.
50% - 32% - 16%
We slaughter Turks......with love.
They were living for centuries.
Case in point, this post and the jokes around here.
> češkko
it sounds like an awful idea honestly
But not just the cheap labor, but also skilled and highly educated people.
*u + second part + za + first part + nje*
But I'd like to see Vuk Jeremic be our president
Please at least read about the thing u are debating.
It is enjoyed, do you use AC-DC converters where you live?
For it we need Serbia and Hungary in the mix.
They called it "Lydia" to play up the region's Roman past, but Italy only half-heartedly accepted it and did jack shit from their stronghold in the Dodecanese.
everyone is weirded out by london and dublin which are major tech/financial cities in which millions of people live, but no one is surprised fucking Reykjavik, in the middle of artic steppe is 1300€??
Is it
welp i seem to have misunderstood.
Thank you for being good neighbours, too
Tito
Same for Serbia
"Soo the country changed its name and borders like 20 times and fought a lot of wars and now everyone is leaving and we are fucked"
During the 1809 Battle of Čegar, fought during the First Serbian Uprising (part of the Serbian Revolution, 1804–1817), Serbian revolutionaries under Stevan Sinđelić were attacked by Turkish forces on Čegar Hill, near Niš.
Except the Serbian government knew about it and border guards let the murderers cross into Bosnia
Yeah, because Kosovans don't deserve any kind of freedom to govern themselves!
I would go for Sarajevo, because it is a mixture of Slavic and Muslim cultures
Mig 21s are sooo fucking cool
And these people aren't exactly a small bunch in Serbia.
We can get the gist of Slovaks and Czechs if they speak slower and Polish is a bit harder for me personally
Altho CE cartoons led some crazed lunatics to commit terror attacks, now they have supporter and encourager in a leader of one of the biggest and greatest muslim country
France has a very strong wookie / crystals / aliens told me / alternative medicine movement
Both don't want to be part of Serbia, Ukraine respectively, Crimeans wanted referendum to become independent from 1990s until now but Kiev didn't let them.
Only the ones carefully selected to be come foreign diplomats.
Nice 20°C - 26°C
Considering phrases, i tend to pick up both, but i'm aware that some that i use a lot are British  (Mate, fucking hell, 'a'ight mate
In British and American English everything is written and pronounced the same.
It would have opened a series of Balkan-style wars because the ethnical borders were and still are really blurred.
5 times more
Maybe then their own choices will seem less bad if other countries screw up as well.
The numbers don't compare either.
Massive cover up operation of evidence of crimes made by Serbia during the war in Kosovo published today.
What I was referring to was version in Greek at the time of his coronation: "Basileus and autokratōr of Serbia and of Romania". To be more precise it ment "of Roman lands" instead "of Romans".
So Serbia became a statelet after 2008 lol
It would exist still and the bloody ethnic genocidal war would be evaded
It is clear from the post itself that Serbia refuses to recognise Kosovo.
Oooooohhhh now i get it
Alphaville also, and ofcourse Nena
That's ~10 000e/monthly
Stalin is more controversial than Hitler though
Honestly, Russia should have won last year.
One Serbian woman on Facebook was threatening that she better not see anymore Americans in her country
Black hand were Serbian political assassins.
heeyyy 'i took my dog to his forever home' - this sounds like they are going to kill the dog
We call that "sarma" in Serbia
There are a few words I wouldn't recognise on their own, but context helps (e.g. *hidlinweys, kythed, sauf,* etc
4 most popular suffixes of the top of my head are: bran(defender) slav(glory) rad(work) mir(peace)
A little long post:
FATALITY
We also lack the "ya", "yo", "scht "and "yu" symbols Bulgarian and Russian alphabets have.
pear rakija -> kruska/kruskovaca
Great country, great people, great food, bad music and bad shows.
Belgrade
This is a common misconception with outsiders who fail to notice nuances.
Yes
By doing so, it means that she will supposedly be in charge, and run the house
Yes, Croatia and Serbia appeared suddenly in the 20th Century...
:) I always dread when Serbia goes against Lithuania, really tough opponent for us, Spain is much easier.
I doubt the majority of Czechia, one of the most anti-Muslim countries in Europe, supports Kosovo.
Atheists are not that common thing here, but they are seen as regular, normal people
Speaking of coffee in this post, isn't the starbacks a bit to the right along the coast on the picture?
He was returning home from really bad day at eork, and decided to stop and get something to eat
Serbs need to get their act together or their nation is going nowhere.
yugoslavia wasn't "behind the iron curtain" anyway.
But we'll see
I find it much easier to talk about my emotions in English, I can't do it in my native language without cringing
Serbia thought Albania had no right to autonomy and occupied parts of it in the hopes of getting more land where Albanians lived.
Didn't know that 'muslims' are a race.
wow what a load of crap lmao
Bridal Wreath:
Our tendencies toward Serb Republic in Bosnia aren't even a secret
(without the guns and with a smaller beard..
then there's something seriously wrong with nightlife there
Or come here,a peaceful place and stuff is dirt cheap
The kid had a blast
Which town
[Depends] [who] [you] [ask] [really]
later, in high school, we also started writing tons of essays and letters in English and I've also been experimenting with story-writing in English, though honestly my stories aren't so good because I'm overall a bad writer with badly thought out ideas, not just in English
Serbs always complaining about Kosovo but it's ok to have republic of Serbia in Bosnia.
Remains of the original fort can be seen on the Belgrade fortress as well as numerous of marble statues and structures
Getting N Kosovo for Serbia is more than they had yesterday.
Milosevic even urged Karadzic to stop and negotiate when he controlled 2/3ds of Bosnia so please cut the propaganda.
Glava, ramena, stomak, kolena
By law, buildings in Budapest must not exceed 96 feet
Iran - The US is the only one to be blamed for the shit they're currently going through, from Islamism to the near-war situations
You have Đoković but as a team I'd say Croatia is on par with Serbia, if not better.
So you see my flair and you just jump on comparing Italy to Serbia?
One of the things you gotta come here is for the festivals.
European demographic losses in the First World War as a percentage of the population
It is Cyrillic handwritten, Latin online for most people
not very familiar with eu's single market laws, but I am familiar with competition.
Actually, Putin was drown into Ukrainian conflict by his strategic inability to leave port in Crimea.
EU's Mogherini booed in Serbian parliament ahead of Balkan summit
And from Vranje till Greek border is fala or blagodaram
Serbs in bosnia exist because Serbs fleeing Ottomans migrated to Bosnia slowly, and started to gain numbers.
Ye but that doesn't make us oldest friends, and since we currently arent friends, i dont think it counts
It's not even majority in the only country it's official in.
I doubt is only neutral towards Serbia
It's only my user name
Idk if you know,but i live in the same country that Kosovo is part of
That's a useful way for protecting the Serbian "minority" /s
You can still go back to Serbia!
Report: Serbia officially asks France to extradite Haradinaj
How they want to take it back is another matter.
It appears giraffes are unknown to Serbia and Croatia.
Not going back anytime soon
There would have been fewer problems in ME if western powers didn't meddle
Rakija, most common is šljivovica
So Serbia started both world wars...
I speak Serbian and English, and I use them daily.
Hiding garlic in your bosom:
We all like turbofolk music
I don't like that we are a somewhat pro-Russian country but it's based on some parts of history and because it's an Orthodox country(like it matters).
nationalist sentiments of neighbouring Serbia.
I don't, worst thing ever to happen 1/10, would not recommend.
That sweet sweet EU money will never be ours after all
Thank you lord for TV5MONDE
Uhhh, NATO started several wars since WW2, are you one of those people that still think US and NATO fight for "freedom and democracy" and not to plunder third world countries
I guess you are right, your culture does seem a lot different from that of Serbia.
Dunno about Polish politicians, but here in Serbia our government doesn't give a flying fuck about healthcare or health of their citizens.
Someone different finally got elected in Banja Luka, I haven't heard of his policies and stance though
We need to be together at these times and unite for a better future
ie job in my field of education)
\[4\] Christian wives were sought by converted Muslim men to retain a degree of Catholicism in the household
Besides Russia cant even support itself.
I think that would be one of the tax havens of Europe rather than the US
>No it isn't.  The name "Scott" would in Serbian be pronounced
They just started appearing one day and there's lots of them.
Ok boomer
Your government was rightly humiliated.
Milankovitch calendar(Second most accurate calendar in the world)
I'm in 8th grade in Serbia so it's typically like this without isolation:
I'm assuming she has stolen a long time ago and she hardly wants to get back to her sisters
I'm racking my brain but can't think of anything.
I used to spend some time in Kuldiga, which has almost no Russian minority, and I haven't met a single person that didn't speak Russian language.
They don't make them like they used to
If you're referring to Syria I don't think the majority of people in Europe support a regime change
We have Natalie's Ramonda
I am noy talking about who is good or who is bad just that Serbians being scared of EU and Germany is not surprising
Othervise, no pattern
Which ones arent and which were
If Montenegro tried to join some Russian led organziation, US/EU would certianly be agressive in not letting it happen.
I for one do not support his actions that he had made during the 90s but for those who did support him and still do I will never understand
Or will Bosnia join and then the problem will never be resolved?
[The black hand was created in serbia]
"Name Patronim Family name"
[clock] on the Petrovaradin Fortress
i would love to see how the situation would play out if albanians in the west proclaimed independence - what would be FYROM's stance.
Russia will never stop helping true friends such as Serbia.
In Southern Serbia,Zlatibor is covered in snow 24/7
It's like you've been waiting to ask this your whole life
It's funny how i always studied that Djeravica was the highest point of Serbia yet im both wrong and right apparently.
There is a difference between generations, but it's really not on anyone's minds that much
but look at the mountains, perfect mordor square
The difference is that the Croatian and Serbian nations actually existed, while the "Macedonian" was fabricated for specific political reasons.
Not sure what is different about those compared to other colonies.
I didn't even know there were any in Serbia
If you want to look back to history, the Athenian Domination before the Peloponnese War is usually referred to as its 'Athenian Empire' period even though the Delian League was in theory a collection of friendly, autonomous poleis.
Kosovo Population ha been marginalised and persecuted by Serbia for years and culminated with the Kosovo war and Mass Expulsion of Kosovo Populace.
Bosnia and most of Serbia weren't part of the Empire, they were part of the Ottoman Empire for a long time, much more than Hungary and Croatia.
*Pretends to ignore Kosovo*
The only thing he does is bait.
in a way that yours is one of the few that invades other countries in 21 century.
If we try to force it, it will fuck everything up.
No way this is a word"
Same with us
They married in Netherlands, what is secret about it
Serbs were brave at wiping out civilians but they lost every battle with armed forces in all the scenarios.
I'd like to hear Croatian story, especially since your president recently said that you were biggest anti fascists during WW2
Absolute monarchy or nothing")
What does Macron represent then?
Yugoslavia too but I don't know if it counts
(It’s called “šatrovački”)
While i was in high school i wanted to learn Hungarian, but when i hear it or see it or anything i remember why i gave up without even trying
dude, Synagogue is a Jewish place of worship, not Muslim
But gave Austria-Hungry the backing to declare war on Serbia.
You should visit us sometimes
I think those doctors that stay here and try to fight for our health are heroes.
Before the wedding ceremony, the bride will drink from a glass, toast, and then throw the glass
They consider themselves albanians because that is what they are in a nutshell.
Same here, but it's not big issue for private gatherings since everyone  just counts it in, but is really big issue for public concerts since you might just stand and wait for more than two hours for concert to begin and after you will be late for transportation  home
Welcome aboard, Balkans may be a shithole but they are out shithole
I recently had a pleasure to exchange interesting ideas with a gentleman that happens to be from Germany.
Great times
If we talk about most consumed alcoholic beverages in Serbia (in particular), rakija would be about 4th or 5th place, certainly below beer and wine and probably even vodka aswell
This is something I've found out only recently
Bosnia is some distance away, though with the application finally coming in the first step has been made
Trying to stop embarrassing our selfs xD
There were like 500k+ before the war, these are the ones that weren't forced to flee to Serbia and stayed
Why don't you burn the US flag, take pics and at the interview with the embassy, show them those pics.
Were it not for Serbs abroad, I would have never discovered *cevapi,* my favorite food ever.
I've been to a shop that sells flags in Florence, but they only sell country flags (argentina,cuba,france...) not city flags.
All that as well as even more of a stain on Serbia's international reputation and more isolation.
Best neighbours ever
True, when it's liquid yogurt like we- and I assume you too, have.
Just looked it up, so it's only "pineapple" in English?
The EU sort of abandoned us and just doesn't need us right now but if it was serious about expanding we'd be the first on that list
Wonder how often this happens but isn't reported
We love when someone comes
7th cebtry/1166-A Byzantine Вазал
The combined population of Albania, Bosnia&Herzegovina, Kosovo, FYROM, Montenegro and Serbia is only 18 million which is less than Romania and half of that of Ukraine or Poland.
Here both high scholers and university students tend to (as whole population does) smoke classic cigaretts rather than drugs.
But it's silly to compare what happened in the last couple of decades to being centuries under Ottoman tyranny.
Didn't think we got that word from them
Yet you solely leave the possiblity of a single side fucking you over.
Feels bad about us colorblind persons
>Conversion among Catholics in communities of Northern Albania involved males outwardly embracing Islam, often to avoid payment of taxes and other social pressures which in the Ottoman system targeted men while females of the household remained Christian
John - Jovan, Michael - Mihajlo, Mark - Marko, Elizabeth - Elizabeta etc
Really,we eastern Europeans are crazies and like to do over the top stuff in general.
Why did you expect such a thing?
Thanks
The only reason why Albania gained its independence was because of Italy's and Austria-Hungary's attempts to stop Serbia's accelerating expansion towards the Adriatic Sea.
Emperor and autocrat of the Serbs, Greeks, Bulgarians and Albanians, not Romans
The fighters are due for refit and a modernization that Serbia will pay.
Yes ik, i've been arguing with him a lot of times during the last few weeks, and i've picked up his anti-serb sentiment.
I'm surprised that the government didn't scramble the radio signal.
Risk, Monopoly
We drink real drinks, wine, ракија, whiskey, etc,
please post a resolution which states this.
You go to that court when you used all of your regular legal remedies in a case and they ONLY check the legality and whether it doesnt offend the constitution
Kosovo was made an exception due to the Serbian actions
When it comes to Croatia, nobody even thinks about them.
And if by some miracle he actually pulls it off, i want him to enter parliament like [this]
Rat = War
There may as well be Hunnic hordes in our hillsides and streets -if they behave, I couldn't care less.
After each great ruler, you get one stubborn warmongering, keep that in mind :)
I think the Romans turned into the Italians unfortunately
We had the worst June in the history of mosquitoes here, even far from rivers and in the city (because the month was a combination of very hot weather and weekly heavy rains)
I greet you very much from Novi Sad, and dream of Italian coffee and Renaissance buildings
I think it went too far, and is in line with current trend in America to label certain social groups and then just pin bunch of stereotypical attributes to them
Indeed, that's the biggest problem
No pls, we let you win one or two basketball game against us in change.
Maybe change it to "Golden Horde goes brrr"? Or maybe "Horse archers go pewpew"?
Other than that Catalonia has no right to secede under the  Spanish constitution, therefore going against the constitution is undemocratic
There is one about famous singer cheating her footballer husband with another, younger footballer
We actually have lots of fun with it
- Miloš - LošMi - personal name
The only non-American flags that were ever flown on the White house are Serbia's and France's.
There isn't really a direct way to translate the sound in English.
So no worries about that
469–470
ROMANIA HUNGRYYYYY
I sure do love me some milk
But I liked kinder lada the most
After some time they've let me go alone
As I understood some time ago only one country is always considered as part of Balkan, whether just geographically l, politically or by mentality and it is Serbia
Russia has recovered a lot since the 90s and China is a US competitor, both Serbian allies
Nonono, not if you toast it
It's even worse, in some way, because the naive hope that existed is gone.
Italy
What do you have against us
Are you refering to Slovenia only, or to the whole ex Yugoslavia
I know I do, and so does my immediate environment, but I am always cautious of thinking in my own bubble.
Finally a proper map of Serbia
I used to use cyrilic cursive in handwriting, and latin online, but then, it looks odd when you have chemistry formula or english or french, so I switched to latin
Why should we respect customs that promote sexism and mysogyny?
Urlati has same meaning in serbian
Kajkavian is similar in that way between Slovenian and Croatian, acting as a sort of bridge between the two—you can see it in the Kajkavian nepostojano 'e' instead of the 'a' for example.
holy fuck, that village you linked is extraordinary
Of course
>Tear gas has been used to disperse the crowd
Before the wedding day, the Buklijas, a young man from the groom’s side, will invite guests over to drink from “the special flask”. This flask is called the Buklija
It seems to me that Ukraine is just trying to use history for political purposes.
I think I remember that one, too
They're probably dead as to make sure they clean after themselves.
No I meant betraying our heritage and our remaining people there
Something that could be average or good but surely not bad
We're glad to have you
Frankly the borders of the republic were a superimposed communist creation, by what token were they used as legitimate
Wild boars got off the Ratno ostrvo and we're going through the streets of Belgrade
Normal English QWERTY without added letters to the side and 2nd keyboard on Serbian Cyrillic
That Orthodox Church next to library is used as a public toilet by Albanians.
You could totally ride a bike around Belgrade.
Also their psiho tests are good.
They indeed are
people are slowly reaching for that red pill
Cyrillic |Latin | pronunciation
Stop hiding behind Srebrenica, and acknowledge other civilian victims too.
probably more than you, considering you can't tell it apart from irony.
To show that US can drone strike you anywhere
Corruption, although it doesn't directly affect me
a friend's brother visited Serbia for a business trip, during his stay he visited a school and told us that in their classes they had a map of a "Greater Serbia" spanning from eastern Croatia to central Greece.
The State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs was established by a self-appointed National Council and was not an internationally recognized country.
Bought couple of shirts with Putin photos on them.
About that one is mostly believed as a lie invented by multiple politicians just to justify to Nato to bomb us.
For me is "Na Drini ćuprija" ("The bridge on Drina")  by Ivo Andrić
We have many ways to say that
Classic east-european racists
Other than that, pretty awesome job
Because Catalans didn't exterminate Spaniards nor do they pose mortal danger to Spain.
The thing is, there are always little groups of stupid people, but calling Croatia a fascist country just because of few incidents (which are even fewer than chetnik outburst) is stupid.
Yeah, we definitely would
Miloš, Mihajlo, Aleksandar, Milan, Petar
Republic of Serbia and The Serbian Republik (Republika Spska) are in grat cooperation.
Shenanigans
I don't believe it is in the interests of the United States to continue this cold war stage or even worse start a military conflict with Russia.
The student switch the "shifts" once a month
I took my South African boyfriend to Belgrade last year and he couldn't believe it
Ataturk’s rolling in his grave so fast by now they can generate electricity
To show you how country should not be menaged
This agreement between Kosovo's government and Serbia it's a good example of how relations could be restored when both parties compromise.
Russian
I don't want to defend him, but please at least get your facts.
Yeah, that's what I heard about the units we can get
Kill it with fire !!! i mean covid19
On the streest
But the comfort level is like 0 because most of the time the bus is overcrowded
Not really something they said, but my friend and I helped a group of Chinese tourists find a park/fortress they were looking for
Everything being political
Geographically and economically speaking, Serbia's position is best possible, but when it comes to war, that can be a huge problem
Can this word be used to mean bride, like in Serbian nevesta
Arguably also Danilo, Nikola and Petar again
Great great grandfather fought in the first and second Balkan War and was a personal friend of the Montenegrin King and had plenty of awards
I'd say impossible if you're not a native speaker of a Slavic language
I will be easier for them to pressure us into recognising Kosovo if we are in the EU
Every single country has to okay the new member for them to enter the union.
Serbia should continue on improving its relations with the EU, Russia and China.
But .. but how can it be a type of soup
Yeah, but I was referring to the "recent past", the period after the collapse of Yugoslavia.
Lies, this is the metro map of the SPQR
No homo
Really new movie, really good imho if you like crime movies
Hot >30°C
The countries that are intermediating the negotiations (Russia, France, USA).
Yeah, just like it helped Serbia in the 1990s.
Torlački, can’t understand a word when the talk to each other
Serbia's passport is looking to be getting pretty strong.
Most know that Serbia exists in the same way we know Uzbekistan exists.
well, i am not that familiar with citizenship, but considering you mentioned your father **was** a citizen of Austro Hungary you're not gonna have a lot of success in your goal.
They will lie about this, then they will find traitors or some other reason - it will never come to accepting responsibility for anything
Crimea, however, is recognized as Ukrainian by everyone except Russian and its puppet states, so it's universally thought of as Ukrainian land, although not controlled by Ukraine, so in practice it is Russian territory.
I like the word "lad". I wish it was used instead of "dude", "bro", "man" etc
Romania and Serbia, but not [Spain, Turkey, France, Bulgaria, Hungary etc] They gave us [Juncker] What do you expect?
The problem is - we're never gonna get this deal offered.
Belgrade, no snow yet
Its decided by the amount of news or something
I never said Russia and the East was the answer...
But if you've been on this sub for any decent amount of time you know what kind of useless shitstorm these posts create
It was an empire
Man, I can stand that germanic font for titles...
Yugoslavia too but I don't know if it counts
We know we came later but Vojvodina was barely inhabited and it was a frontier region so we kinda built everything here anyways
I mean there's 700+ million people and over 40 countries, it always depends on the country lol
-Unmarried
Our country is firmly commited to it.
Your anti-muslim sentiment can't be explained really, Serbs started killing innocents in Bosnia, Serbs and their Greater Serbia dreams are the reason that mujahideen arrived in Bosnia.
It would feel weird not to smoke
Unless you consider Paris to be Eastern Europe, they aren't.
Serbia is a proud and beautiful country, but damn, their Internet userbase is really a cancer.
Diverting evil eyes:
Is the main reason for emigration unemployment or something else?
We don't condemn Kosovo independence by the same reason Russians support Crimea/Abkhazia - it was their intervention, they feel it was "right" to do this.
Rotterdam is the biggest port in Europe
Rich city-state
Yes we do have better relations with them now, but if someone invaded us it would probably be them
In this case Serbia considers you to have entered the Serbia illegally as Kosovo has stamped you in, not Serbia.
Croatia by far
Well at least you are still on the Balkans, that's something.
A normal, stable human being would never do such a thing.
[Here's the Serbian cover]
The Serbian gently brushes against a Kosovans ear and says:
The only reason they were prosperous is because the Big T borrowed money like no tomorrow.
Slobo didn't used paper spray and tanks to deal with protesters.
London, again
In the Balkans we don’t really say “Sranje” we say “Pička jebeti matenje” or something along those lines
If dinner at your friends place is at 8pm itvis not polite to be there before 8:30 9 even
I utterly respect Stalin; he was probably the most important historical figure of 20th Century and the man who transferred USSR from a poor and basically feudal country in 1910s to a nuclear superpower in 1950s.
It's just so close to my heart
The African people weren't entitled to any of the resources in Africa, they were there to be claimed by anyone, and they were oblivious.
That's why i can't have freakin' palms in my yard >.>
I know about Spanish but there "c", "g" and "y" have different sounds while "h" is not read at all
[*Kosovo: a short history*] Macmillan
But America is our ally(by our I mean like every country in Europe except Belarus, Serbia and few others-smaller and poorer countries).
They can't even just get into Start or save a PowerPoint presentation
The insurgency in Presevo ended over 15 years ago.
I am an atheist
Hiding beauty:
Well, a lot of our historians and politicians said: "we have the best position for peace, and worst for war", and sadly that theory has been proven many times during the history
First printed, then cursive
But we have two different filo dish
Among men, the corresponding number approached 50%.
With all due respect, this is getting old.
Belonging to a religion doesn't make you appear any less intelligent; same reason why being an atheist doesn't make you smarter or a better human being - even if many atheists would like to think so.
Its no secret slovenians company invested a lot into ex-yugo countries.
We had 2 emperors: Dušan Silni and Uroš Nejaki
(although a very small minority would disagree, those would say we are Central Europe)
Until recently, these same people would be the ones defending Slobodan Milošević, but I see fascists try to co-opt him more often than before
I don't know anything about you but if you've been in a relationship for 10 years with that person it means they are probably worth keeping
Titus Dugovic in our language, i know about him, he's theorized to maybe being Serbian in origin if he even existed
Same stuff in several other languages, and exact same situation in Serbo-Croatian with *kurac*.
If being born in a developed country is something you feel you should brag about, you must be a pretty miserable person
UN SC resolution 1244 is still in effect and it says that Kosovo is Serbia.
to me it's ironically funny how those same people were convinced trump had 0 chance to win, were easy going about the elections and were already concluding hillary would win.
Idk if you know,but i live in the same country that Kosovo is part of
We have one [two] autonomous districts also composed of multiple okrugs, but, in the end, municipality (opština) is basic level of local rule in Serbia.
Serbia wishes it were mini Russia.
It was like 5 minutes bus drive
Latin is 3rd foreign you get in (some) highschools.
But yeah, as for basketball, many people here, especially the teens enjoy it and like playing it.
What does it mean,in Serbia we use ,,sikter" it's like fuck off, it's of Turkish origin definitely
I think the map is actually serious.
Not remove them, my Croat friend...
Twice awarded Hero of the Soviet Union, International Air & Space Hall of Famer
In fact, it's common place even now.
Bread, margarine, sausage
Just baptized name is usually your given name too
Yeah, we use them but not poppies
What's the state of the Serbian army today anyway?
and overall Austrians are closest Germanic group of peoples to Serbs and other west south Slavs, which is no coincidence considering that a lot of Austrians/Germans lived in these areas and some parts of Serbia were part  Austria for centuries
Glad to hear that, wish all best to Finns and Finland in future
Also 'seksati se' - to sex, sexing, but that's not grammatically correct, more like a slang
I don't drink a lot and I get drunk easily
And we don't consider it a porridge
Without googling, I could probably name two thirds of them, maybe more
I bet that what he was seeing was the last thing he thought he would see
There are slim chances EU will survibe this
For instance when you give them a bigger bill they always complain or sometimes when they see you literally running towards the bus they go on purpose and they make a sarcastic shrug every time
Serbia tried to ethnically cleanse Albanians from the region.
What do you think of the spelling on[this instagram page] ? Are younger generations starting to spell simpler
Are you an American of Serbian and Italian origin
That isn't the definition that most modern feminists use
Theres also a video on pornhub of him fucking his citizens (not litteraly but metaphorically)
I think splitting the difference between Romania, Serbia, Croatia, Austria, and the US would drop Tesla somewhere in the middle of the Atlantic.
In Hungarian, I sound and feel really deep, formal and serious
Some people don't want anything to do with NATO countries because of the '99 bombings (these are just idiotic ultra nationalists)
We all like to smoke, drink, bet on sports
Probubly Czech or Slovak (ó gave them away)
Za is for fun party
We start english at age of 6 and by primary schools ending (age 15) i had knowledge of most of the grammar and a wide vocabulary.
Sadly this option is not readily available to Russia due to nukes.
Crusader Kings 2: Havent played it much, I've played with Ireland, Castille and Francia
I live in Novi Sad and Belgrade is really near but I avoid going there
You should draw Kosovo separate from Serbia, that'll be enough to trigger Serbians
But but, i thought we were bros :(
English or French and have learned Mandarin.
interesting, especially since Serbia is very pro-EU.
maybe in czech republic, in the balkans this is not the case.
I doubt that even they want them back.
You're forgetting the centuries of oppression under the Ottomans, so i don't think we are friends
The Kingdom of Yugoslavia is sort of niche, but fascists like the Bogomoljački Pokret set up by Nikolaj Velimirović and the fascist Zbor party led by Dimitrije Ljotić during this period
Some love him and some hate him.
My wife explained that nobody eats boiled potatoes in Serbia.
UN SC is above all other institutions.
Since it has very real benefits.
In my family only my dad smokes now
We have lazy ass politicains that can be paid to do anything
Just open a dumpster in Serbia, should be a couple in it.
I have seen this already but there is no proof of that, it could be a coincidence.
At least nobody tried to drown it's own children and use it as a provocation to go on a rampage, as it was done in 2004.
I've told you numerous times but i guess you're too dense.
10 dinars - two individually wrapped chewing gums
U boj U boj is a masterpiece, but i don't think it really fits as an anthem tho
Jagodić, Miloš (1998)
Beograd = beo (white) + grad (city), so White City
Which serbian songs are popular there?
I'm sure Erdogan will mention Hitler and Austria in the same sentence very soon.
Rakija, the taste depends of which fruit it is made out of
Oni su stali uz svoje komšije Srbe
Most ironic thing is that easiest way to end up as a political prisoner in Yugoslavia, at least until mid '50s, was to be Stallinist or Soviet leaning in general
Yeah, I think the same
Serbia wants to keep Kosovo and to gain Republika Srpska (Serb region of Bosnia) and possibly reunite with Montenegro
I've never encountered this, I'll be in the look out next time I go see a film
Serbian people protesting are getting pepper sprayed and stuff
Just as britiah monarchic trafition starts in 1066, so does ours start in, well, 1833 (I think thats the year), wehn Miloš Obrenović became knjaz of Serbia, and the title was hereditary
Trying to shove it back into Serbia would just kickstart the conflict again.
Serbia also needs good relations and access to sea-ports as easy and hurdle-free as possible to export its products (over $15 billion per year).
Another war would only hurt Serbs and Albanians and no one would win or profit from it.
wow,I didn't know Russia was such an asshole for these issues.Crimean Tatars and Circassians should not only be allowed but welcomed to resettle their former homeland.Same thing goes for Muslims who are currently living in Anatolia but have Montenegrin/Serbian/Bosnian/Bulgarian/Greek/Romanian/Albanian origins.Bulgaria,especially,is acting like a complete asshole towards Bulgarian Muslims.
That wasnt Stambolic, Stambolic was killed and buried
I am saying this as a person of mixed Serbian, Croatian and Hungarian descent and I do not think Subotica should join Hungary or sth like that, but I think that an approach of more equal representation for all ethnic groups in the city would be better
What are they, savages
Every european nation has a different opinion of politics, culture, ideas, etc.
What did we do to Albania
Link below:
As long as the benis is feminine.
sory my brain just trurned of and i mixed up that 2 words
It's indeed a very similar language to ours, one notable difference I caught is that it has many English words, while Serbian doesn't and instead has a lot of Turkish words (since we were ruled by them for 5 centuries)
But if you ask an American on the street anything about Serbia, you'd be lucky if they could name where Serbia is.
As a relatively unskilled migrant to a richer country one gets to be at the very bottom of the social ladder.
It's 17 degrees in Belgrade currently, feels like april
Mostly because of the dead bedroom issue, that's a sign she doesn't love you anymore
I'd consider my city (capital Belgrade) a very safe place to walk
are you really gonna be salty about this?
And judging by their words it was not desirable to be a religious person in Communist Yugoslavia
You should draw Kosovo separate from Serbia, that'll be enough to trigger Serbians
Why not let RS be a independent state?
We should do this with Slavic languages too
Kao slon u staklarskoj radnji
I don't agree with them either although I disagree with the Verhofstadt wing too because I don't think that more federalization would resolve the issues.
We often joke about how Yugoslavia will reunite inside Germany
Well that would be funny, but i think it would get downvoted to hell before people even saw it.
' Aleksandar Vučić while talking about curfew hours during the 'Rona pandemic
I wonder how this relates to the Ph of the soil, mineral content and other factors.
What needs to be understood is that this time is not about Christianity itself, but rather about having a strong anti-force against Islamic threat
Yes, and I'm saying it doesn't matter if he knows where we all are.
It says it all that even Serbia wants to integrate in the end with EU and not with Russia.
I don't know if that fact could be verified
FYI, only slivowitz is collored by oak barrels
The title it's exactly the same as the article if you open it.
Edit: names of each generation's male: otac, deda, pradeda, čukundeda, navrdeda
But in Yugoslavia they were a part of a larger nation, and had some security in the social stuff.
Or if it's someone i know I go "Halo
Because most android flagship phones like s20 ultra or p40 pro have much better specs than iphones and are much cheaper
It's just another metropolitan city
It can get confusing if you're not a native speaker:
Good
There is a far better version, that's actually really well thought out, as in it mimics the bs that the colonizers did in Afrika
(Some say he did order it but that the military/police, denied request, it's a subject for discussion).
Don't you try to wiggle your way out of it
Which is reason why all the bigger countries don't recognize it
In fact there is no much difference between Kosovo/Bosnia and Crimea/Abkhazia.
Kyoto (ex-capital I think)
In the native language it is Hercegovina, but in English Herzegovina so I thought it would be same in Germans etc
Second, like in every fucking war, stuff happens that 99% of country doesnt even know
You dont know better so you beleve them
It's very frowned upon in Serbia and I seriously doubt you've actually spoken to enough people to even have grounds for making such sweeping generalizations, which is probably also true for Croatia and the other ex-yu countries.
Slovenia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia and Macedonia to form a regional league X-post /r/soccer
Scum, people like this deserve to rot in prison.
All that in ten years
Let's be fair here: [that was in 1912-1913, and evil Ruskies would not let nice Greece and Serbia split Macedonia between them]#v=onepage&q&f=false).
Your flair confuses me
We have strong historical and religious ties with Serbia, Armenia and Russia.
If Kosovo gets "returned" to Serbia things will go back to 1999.Kosovo being independent is a better solution.
was on national tv here, the old men and women that were interviewed were also pointing to a barrel of rakija called Putinovka.
To Kosovo, most of us have made peace with your independence, and we don't hate you
Same
It's like that guy from the office who really likes Comic Sans.
The whole western world
Happy cake day
You must have a pretty roomy apartment
I use Ubuntu because it's lightweight, very open and doesn't have bloatware like Windows 10 does.
Nice pollution you got there
How dare you insult the greatest Serbian nobility.
Hopefully this will teach Merkel to stop bossing around other countries as she sees fit.
Ooooh like in the Scandinavian languages!
My friend got a contract from BMW and works for them in Munich
Basically whats happening in America with BLM but religion based
Bookmark this post, come back in .. maybe five months
Last year Serbia lost vs USA in basket ball and r/serbia had nice topic that reach front page where they discussed how black people are steroid monkey's.
I live in part of city where every elevator is built during communist times
But that wasn't genocide and many prominent genocide scholars agree with me on that point.
Lindt is beautiful
They tend to be very rude
Turks turned catholic churches in orthodox ones?
Considering he decided to become Star Spangled Awesome, why don't we just take his legacy since Serbia and Croatia can't share?
Although I do not know what sources he uses, I do not know how one measures how smart someone is, as far as I know only intelligence can be actually measured
Is me or Poroshenko is really trying everything to alienate and being hated by ethnic Russians living in Ukraine?
Of course, you need to be able to afford to buy in bulk, which is also difficult if you live paycheck by paycheck.
Serbia or Bulgaria I guess, maybe Greece.
What does "mostly Serbian" even mean?
Or it just gets used in normal conversations as a joke where they tell you that you shouldn't be Vuk Branković.
Why has there been such a surge in the amount of conspiracy quacks claiming vaccines cause autism?
I haven`t heard of Albanian genocide in Kosovo by Serbians.
There are already memes to raid Vatican's secret archives
She's not
Just because there is no wikipedia article about it, doesn't mean it didn't happen.
* God will punish you if you work on holy days (no house work, no washing clouse, you can just cook and wash dishes) - fun fact/story one of my grate grate grandads brother had gone to filed to work on day its forbitten with his wife, there was 0 clouds in sky and lithing striked him and killed him in spot
At least, not if Serbia is interested in joining the EU.
Let's see
Stambolic's murder was creepy as shit
Ancient Rome, Ancient Greek and Otoman empire are the 3 cultures that we learn the most
Their gender shouldn't serve as a factor, because that also belittles women or men in a certain way.
Bosnia, Montenegro,turkey
In our case it is because all the decisions are made by him
i don't think there's a judistical system in europe that doesn't follow that
Tell them to "make" their firstborn on Bosnian soil and convert it to Islam (so the kid will be Croatian, Serbian, and Bosnian), then make him/her the emperor of New-Yugoslavia and badabing badabum, all problems solved, peace in the Balkans at last.
It's hard to say for sure
Cultivating ties with people who favor good relations with Russia is a top Russia foreign policy priority and will remain so, especially in fraternal nations such as Serbia.
Kosovo was the heart of Serbia for a very long time and was ours until the Americans came along and gave it to you.
And the biggest Neo-Nazi group in Serbia is led by an open Jew
Dutch also has the *-ië* suffix for country names by the way.
And i can not answer your question about Turkey backing up Bulgarian Turks.
Being an orthodox christian is a norm
the dayton agreement just hit the pause button.
I'd say it's rather rare seeing it if it's not an official building
Latin 90% of the time
History shouldn't be used as a political tool first and foremost.
We get a shitload of samples from our clients, which mostly translates into as much chocolate as you can eat/as many cigs as you can blast/as much anger as you can take
From Bosnia:
It’s a small number again but you indeed find them sometimes
Well, strictly speaking if Erdogan did in fact allow Putin to do such a thing, it wouldn't be surprising that without the state security agencies interfering the Russians are capable of this.
Same with any other Balkans nationality.
Have you looked at some general world poverty graphs in the last 15 years?
Oh and another country I wanted to mention was Ireland
Malta says hello to used RHD cars
Ok boomer
Not even then
Turkey (Ottoman Empire)
i've no idea what everyone in this thread is on about.
Yes, Gamzigrad
Eastern-Europeans want a a western european lifestyle not a Russian lifestyle.
Europe is not a country so every country inside Europe has it's own "capitals". However, having a look at the Europe as a whole we can find certain capitals of something
You do realise that the circumstances were very different right?
Jovanović - just a surname
The hate is just political and the people don't hate each other
I am not saying that we should't try mostly for mental health issues that you can get from our politics but lets be honest will never be as the Netherlands,Germany,Denmark
Since making it, I'm not entirely sure if it even is in Serbian?
i also realized it is kinda cool later in life that I can switch alphabets with no effort
People are religious for different reasons.
PATHETIC
We can understand other South Slavic languages like Bulgarian/Macedonian and Slovenian with some effort but it's easier for some (northern Croatians understand Slovenian much better than south Serbs who understand Macedonian and Bulgarian better)
How popular is swimming in your countries?
He won
Bosnia-Herzegovina, Serbia, Kosovo, Albania, Macedonia, Ukraine, Moldova
*Some countries did not choose these colors (Poland, North Macedonia, Bulgaria, Belarus and Ukraine)
do means to
The Germans especially
Its really tourbolent area
For instance although this is more know
They are divided by Sava (a river) and have a bridge in between
I'm not counting slavic countries, since if I did, we would have different names for almost all of them
I don't think that anyone will really press the matter on recognizing Kosovo, since in reality no EU member gives a single fuck about it.
Because nearly all of Serbian history included Kosovo in it
I don't think they have anything to do with Serbia.
**To my country...** Balkans mentality itself and Serbia
I like how you all downvote without giving a source or an explanation.
Btw, also note that Serbia did recognize a "shared sovereignity" in order to get closer to the EU, so they do know they have to go thru that path.
Balkans had it all but unity (sea, islands, mines, mountains, planes, brain and talent)
Ah yes, the party that got 2% of the vote in the presidential election
The term Greater Serbia first appears in a derogatory manner in a book authored by a Serbian socialist Svetozar Marković in 1872.
Obviously as a Serb I wish we still had Kosovo, but what is the point when so much of the population absolutely despise us.
What narrative, mate
Well, be it food truck or street vendor or festival, there is usually some kind of designated place where you can sit or stand while eating
I was there in October and concur.
Paramilitaries were there too tho.
we probably weren't covered in the data.
This stream gained international attention as well as provoking strong controversies within Yugoslavia
Its okej, šit hepens
Hey neighbor, we're all in similar shit
Has anybody applied for both, or has an experience with the same??
8% mostly literate, 51% unliterate
[pretty widespread here]
I regret it now but deleting comments is for cowards
The fact that we reached such a big number in such a short amount if time is just phenomenal
Big countries are above the law
However other dialects are not any less important or "correct" and are still used in parts of Serbia
Scarry that every pannel is actually true
True but if Putin starts making puppet states in Belarus, dividing the country and potentially endangering the Baltics and Poland then actually the loss of Lukashenko could be a very significant blow.
Did they buy it too
Oh and most things like )(\*(#($)&#)$(<L><?": are completly diffrent keys
Just don't vote for socialists please, they're fucking horrible.
Just my 2 cents
They are deserting and selling their guns to ISIS en masse.
Absolute monarchy or nothing")
Before that it was in the medieval times and while you may not think that East Rome is todays Greece the same people lived there
I like it
Oh please spare me you "innocence".
The Nemanjic's were the only ones strong enough to unite them
Serbia knows this is the best time to gain territory.
Really
There will be foreigners, Soros, Brussels, anything but the dictator
They bought another one so that factory of happyness could work uninterupted
That would change A LOT of things
Yes, did my 15 year old uncle deserve them too
So is the empty space just not controlled by any rulers?
Idk
It would be nice, if you post a good, elaborate answer.
Today they're homes to mostly young families and retirees because everything is at the reach.
I am Serbian and I am aware of this, but Niko is not a common nickname for Nikola
Pathfinder Kingmaker was also made by a russian studio i think
the fuck you mean serbia is an ethnic national project?
There are many Serbs in Croatia and I also used to live in Austria (many Serbs live in Austria).
Just recently, I came across an article on the subject with a poll.
Just curious
Maybe [pihtije]#Pihtije), i personally don't like it but maybe they would.
It will force real reform in EU in a way which would not have occurred had the UK voted remain.
I don't think that's considered a middle name in the same sense as in some western countries, hence why I didn't mention it
I have the ones regarding the south/bible belt, new england and mid-west
After the Greek-Turkish war, a population exchange took place and most Muslims in Greece left.
I think our hospitality
Torpedo - 1866 by British engineer Robert Whitehead (albeit it was done in Rijeka)
I don't know if it counts but the Serbian Empire fashioned itself the successor to the Eastern Roman Empire (while it still existed)
The Pulling of the Nose:
Haven't we had enough death and destruction?
Not one, not two,not three, but four empires fell as a result of it one way or another, not to mention the colonies dissolving, then it's more.
Why would Serbia care if Kosovo claims independence?
You had option to stay under Italians or Austrians, but I remember you begging Serbian army ( army that you all fought against and some did unspeakable war crimes during ww1) to come and " liberate" you from pesky Italians
From Serbia, we call you our orthodox brothers sometimes
Yes
\[1\]\[5\] In Northern Albania, conflict with Slavs emerged as an additional factor toward conversion to Islam
For example, people in Serbia are Orthodox because, as I understand, they believe all Serbs are Orthodox.
Voting for anybody else would be Un-Serbian.
I can't say I've been their fan for long or that I play too many games, but this was a pure disaster:
I started reading this expecting it would refer to a teenage birthday party, then I got to the authority complains part and I wasn't sure anymore
It worked for India in 1947 when millions of Muslims and Hindus switched places.
In the future, when Bosnia is about to join, will Serbia block it until the Serbian minority situation is solved?
Be 16yo; take a photo of your own dick; send it to a 18yo girl;
1867/1914-Independence
There's a difference between France where the people are more politically informed and active, where people strike and protest like it's nobody's business, and Romania where most of the country has no idea what's happening at the political level, where people are apathetic and don't protest a lot.
I had no idea Connect were known in Serbia.
eh what do you mean by look down?
*EVERYTHING* jk, some corruption and stuffs, the usual.
The lake effect is a hell of a thing
There are many people, students in particular, that are quite liberal.
In my town alone you have the Mimoza festival, where we celebrate mimoza tree and its uniquenes in that it only grows in Herceg Novi (where i live).
I'd stay saying your Christian as a young person is more surprising than saying you're an atheist
Nice language, brings some melody to this area.
Rofl, literally every Serbian comment is mass downvoted, and at the same time there are shitload of Bosniaks, Albanians and Croats present in this thread.
Vojvodina for a region, and Novi Sad/Subotica as cities which are in Vojvodina
*The* thing is your Ustashi, Petar Brzica type of Nazism is state-supported whereas in Serbia it's strictly local, same as in many other European countries.
I've lived in Belgrade all my life and have never heard of this happening
Well 6th is cristams eve so yes, but not for same raasone as you
Both of these are ruins of 2 castles that probably collapsed or something
A lot of Europeans here think we're some Russian puppet, truth is Russia has done much more for us than the EU ever has + as I said we're very proud and Russia has been our historical ally so we're not so keen on betrayal
Of course it compromises the identity, how could it not?
yes, literally no country besides France can master that 5 ingredient staple food lasting for millenias
Damn, this sounds a lot like Serbia, TV channels owned by criminals which are used to spread government propaganda among rural uneducated population.
Sava's Church in Belgrade
I want a bowl of mak to eat with a spoon
Just don't eat mushrooms or other stuff that grows from the ground.
Our very first flag was french flag rotated 90 degrees
So far it really looks like Russia is involved in the situation.
Toma clearly thinks they would which is why he's too scared to cross.
If you believe what our politicians say, very important
The Republika Srpska is a shining example of Serbian unity, and Serb unity actually dates back to even WW1.
Its been rebeling and causing problems since the 80s
Either [this one] or the present-day flag
3 milion)
Regardless Kosovo is in a different situation as in Ireland there is an economy, government control and rule of law.
On = He
Seems too dangerous for a message about climate change
And how did the country pay him back
now this reminds me a line from an Australian movie called the Wag Boy "I am half Serbian half Bosnian every day I woke up my one half tries to kill the other"
Mobile version of Diablo was released to appease the Chinese market because people go crazy for mobile games there
I recently traveled throughout the Balkans and, despite, for example, Slovenia being in the heart of Europe and further West than much of Austria, it really felt like Slovenes still looked to Serbia and Yugoslavia for their cultural identity.
I guess your comment is just a troll attempt, because if you think that people of Albanian descent like the Arvanites you referred to dislike Serbia or something, then you're just stereotyping people easily.
Ћ ћ | Ć ć | Soft CH sound
Why do people see the Greek flag beside his user name and immediately assume "Do all Greeks think like this?
Stores were full once again, gas was available, internet access was increasing and tech literacy was on the rise, we were meeting with EU and other world powers and were gaining respect in the international community.
She is a puppet to the president and has no spine
\- Governments whose core base of voters are fanatic pensioners who rise in 7 AM to vote while healthy young people sleep until noon, wake up and see that it's a bit rainy today, and decide not to vote
A serb that doesn't like ćevapi
Like this country it’s a real living daily large hunger games but with stupid people
Lots of them from US and Canada in particular
You guys are confirmed nutjobs.
Jovanovićeva - who is meried to Jovanović
It was in the '80's, still Yugoslavia
From where are
I wouod vote for the one  one that created four wars, three with our closest neighbors and one with f**ing NATO
I had no idea, the world is a weird place :)
And, whoever catches it should be the next to get married
We should be transfered somewhere in the Pacific
There's a lot of schizophrenia in the Balkans, it seems.
I did use Cyrillic a lot back in my school days but I really can't remember the last time I wrote something with pen and paper that is not like a sticky-note
Tried to find the source for the first three, listed solely as "Ivanov 2005", looked into some key words particularly this Yashar Pasha (Jašar-paša Džinić) and found [this about the 1830 massacre]
They look ridiculous most of the times and they aren't taken seriously by the general population anyway
The tensions do not stem from racism or anti semitism.
you think someone who's all favorite pornstars are females would enjoy watching a shemale?
Dude, what exactly is your deal with Serbia?
We are not as backward as everyone thinks
To serbia mainland ww1 was worse then ww2
any answer different from [this one] is incorrect!
Would it impress you more if i told you i am a Serb and he is a Croat?
Not for the Serbian president it seems.
Excuse me lol
How does the average Albanian see the time where he lead the country
croatia is eating bosnia
Again, you spread misinformation, Mujaheedin were numbered 300 at the begining of the war, to 6000.
Tesla is the name of a tool used for wood carving:
because it's not the **effective** tax rate.
However I fully support the Hungarian and Székely minority in their hopes for autonomy.
In Trieste there is both a Serbian & a Greek Orthodox Church dating to the 19th century, since those are two of the historical communities within the port city.
Russia, from underdogs to the biggest country on earth
Well, you should define big
It took the Serbian army only 18 days to breach the Thessaloniki front in 1918
You're judging a nation based on football "fans"?
They were simply "liberated" from Serbia...
Is this literally whitehead female
Fear of Russian invasion was created by somebody else, not by Russians.
2014 floods were pretty bad, 16 municipalities were flooded or around 1/4th of the territory was affected, 57 people died and over €500mil in damage
How much do you love when Westerners lecture you on what's wrong with your country when you know it's more complex than that?
Better examples here are: John Lackland - Jovan Bez Zemlje, Queen Elizabeth - Kraljica Elizabeta etc
As legal as it was in Slobo's time.
[5]Vampires had already been discussed inFrench[6] and German literature
Btw, nobody likes this guy here
*Pohvaliti* - *to commend*
I just like both languages
Not a single one
For example Venezuela and Serbia are almost the same.
I would rather say, Serbia HAS NO SEA, so they will get no trouble from you.
In middle school history class the teacher told us that if Serbia suffered a major loss in the 1389 Battle of Kosovo the European continent would have been overrun by the Ottomans at a much earlier age & with a greater force, probably ensuring permanent dominance of the Turks even today
Because nearly all of Serbian history included Kosovo in it
I guess the diferences werent that different in communities between orthodox and catholic, so a lot of croats, slovaks, hungarians accidently have their descendents today think they they were always orthodox serbs, while in dalmatia and herzegovina you have people claiming serbian heritage and celebrating Slava, so they accidently found themselves cut off from rest of "serbs" and became "croats", differences were still smaller between orthodox and catholic and the regular guy would choose the one with less pressure from the new local church.
NATO could easily attack us because of Kosovo or Bosnia
Hi, calling myself John
Italy has a far better stock market which brings bigger investments to the country.
If Serbia recongnizes Kosovo tomorrow, what do we get
"Stand up to my wife" its impossible my good neighbours
French, Greek, Italian and British army – although outnumbering Serbian army – didn’t manage to do it in months
In Kosovo there's at least some English speaking blogs and news organizations such as[ Prishtinainsight] and [Kosovo 2.0] Anything similar in Serbia?
The long name basic conversation is unneeded but honestly I like the way it sounds
The Serbian authorities at the border will just smack a huge 'VOID' stamp over the Kosovo stamps.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened ;)
Actual poems of heroism and adventure of poetry considered by Grimm brothers as one of the most beautiful in all of Europe
Not really, one of the more popular names right now
Even so, if this was true Republika Srpska would simply be smaller.
We've always had a thing about too big to handle country
But you guys are comparing a Union to a single country.
I was visiting Skadar and it was amazing experience
There's only few people in midday.
I personally want to visit Beirut, Lebanon , Tel Aviv and Jerusalem, Israel  or Istanbul, Turkey . But in theory the first one will be Dresden, Germany  visiting friends and family
Bring back [this one] (Pre WW1)
?(around 8th century)-1459 (Ottomans took over)
"Russia's arming Serbia - Bulgaria has rearmament problems"
Just lol
That's what I said
And they successfully worked with companies from Japan to Canada during the '70s and '80s.
Best case you'd bundle it with some reconciliation council, South Afrika style.
serbian companies: there are a lot of companies, but they're not really big.
Depends which Balkan countries, only Serbia and Montenegro got their shit together and maybe Albania and are stable countries, Macedonia has a lot of problems, same with Bosnia
Kosovo
exactly the same happened in serbia during protest except media wrote "Monsters payed by america won't let ambulance pass".
Knowing English is a norm
I highly recommend watching it
By Albanians
Czy nie
As an example, Milo Djukanovic was a Serb nationalist for a short period of time before he figured out he could benefit more from distancing himself from Belgrade and controlling his own little fiefdom.
Ahhhh man I hate playing S&D on this map
Couple of times Hollywood tried to portray us, they usually made us look and act basically like discount Russians
Im pretty sure its the norm in most of Europe
That he was a diplomatic maestro and deeply caring man?
A single show of unity wouldn't have given the Balkans enough time to significantly change in a way that would stop the Turks
Saw a California plate on a massive vintage convertible in Belgrade, Serbia
First shift starts at 8 am, second starts at 2 pm
A beautiful timelapse video of Mount Tara and the Drina Valley in Serbia
Remember that most of october we had april-like temperatures this year
His most popular phrases: 'Silence over there
Of course, you could die from a stray bullet when local gangs start solving their territorial disputes, or from a brick that fell from a decrepit facade of your commieblock - but hey, what's life without a little risk?
I'm assuming she has stolen a long time ago and she hardly wants to get back to her sisters
Danzig, Germany
We are not, we only hate our neighbors (Exapt Romania
Did someone from your family help make this happen?
I have just noticed now when you have mentioned grah is used more rare lately
Not even most Serbs would say this.
Of course I am
Another funny story is when an ethnic Ukrainian woman was my teacher of civil law, and my teacher that taught me civil law for the first 2 years taught me Russian(she sucked at it)....our system in a nutshell.
Did he promote cooperation between the Yugoslav peoples?
There is no fear of Greece recognising Kosovo, nor does the FM fear that, it's just a provocation towards Macedonians, who a few months ago sent a protest note to the Serbian ambassador because a sign on the road said > km to FYROM instead of usual Macedonia.
Because Ottomans didn't really allow Muslims in their army until after Serbia left.
That's the only way for native Europeans to stay competitive.
Also women's surname do not decline through grammatical cases
Zavisan (without the t) means addicted or dependent
Yeah, yeah that's it
Janissairies weren't voluntary members of the Ottoman army.
In all honesty I wish I would use British terms instead of American ones, but their media influence was too high on me
Doesn't matter, you are one of us
If you read the article, you would see that they were supposed to have Serbia-EU Intergovernmental Conference (IGC).
The highway was smooth and well maintained
Only not coming at all is considered a bit rude, but still acceptable
It's elective subject (the other being technical and IT knowledge)
Desperate masses would group on the border so there would have to be some sort of wall.
Kosovo is Serbia
Alcohol: Officially, it is illegal to sell alcohol to anyone younger than 18, but kids as young as 14 or 13 can obtain some quite easily, and stores usually don't ask for ID's.
Not offended or anything, just think that further discussion about this would be unproductive.
If they havent sent army after 2004 pogroms, i dont think they ever will.
So, no
Seems more like a legal entity.
0, socialism y'all
Because belive it or not, we are still in Europe and EU effects us also
Unbelievable amount of corruption and stupidity
What about Hot dogs on pizza
Kosovo is an integral part of Serbia.
Nice
I don't know who is the person in question but this would be my presumption about why the regional government decided to name a stree after him.
Why would Bosniaks accept that?
Seems true and totally not fabricated like majority of bullshit seeded by the US and British media.
Recently Guardian reported that the Secretary of the Security Council in Russia visited Serbia after the arrests and apologised.
well i wouldn't call that "liking"
She is a puppet to the president and has no spine
Why is this a thing
You just got Serbed
This was the case way before too.
There is no really a hatred towards Germans anymore, but they are still remembered as the enemies
International backlash would be terrible.
State would work just fine without them.
Palestine isn't shown as part of Israel
Whell i would belive they forgat to declare war, or maybe noone in the Serbian telegraph office could read French :P (#WW1)
Probably "electing" Tito and the establishment of communist socialism in Yugoslavia
They're basically the same language with very minor differences.
USSR before Stalin had some really revolutionary attempts to change society, they almost banned inheritance laws at some point in attempt to create true social equality, but great number of Eastern European states after WWII were first to adopt abortion laws namely because of necessity being at a frontline of a war that caused mass civilian terror.
Which one
Until Khrushchev transferred Crimea in the 1950s they were Russian.
He was not a pre WWII hero in a sense like marshal Peten was, but the Germans used him as somewhat a figure of some authority
flamers in online game with "kurwa"
Which is bad news for the Balkans.
Cedevita rocks, but I've never tried Pipi, don't think we have it in stores
"-Psst
Serbia grateful to North Korea for stance on Kosovo.
It says in the constitution of Republika Srpska that it is exclusively for the Serb people and that the only language is Serbian.
It wasn't organized by the Serbian government nor by the king.
"If Serbs are killed, we'll send army to Kosovo" - Serbian President
They are not, those would be the Chinese, or the Belarussians.
I was really shocked when I saw how much teens have iPhones in the US (I was an exchange student)
Medieval rulers weren't less patriotic than modern ones, for sure patriotism was perceived differently than today, yet Serbia was for sure lead by people who were taking care for it, for most part.
It is in my opinion way too cramped with information, they should have made more space between the lines or something
[JAQing off] is a thing though.
Romania is our best neighbour politically
Don't worry, before a nation is accepted into the EU there's like loads of different examinations they have to pass (most of them are human rights related or so).
Implying there exists a *right* sort of it, which I deeply disagree with.
But that's subjective at least
Sienna
I never even mentioned Romania I was just taking about gypsies
I'm currently not interested in the countries where a political shitstorm is currently happening.
What do intelligence services have to do with sending that damn train and talking about going to war?
In English
Friends brought me a bar when they returned from the US...I don't know if I'm just used to the stuff we have here, but I wasn't pleased at all.
Members of the communist party were taking part in a different protest:
Does that also mean that the modus operandi for Poland is to collapse every 100 years?
A promise someone will protect us?
Are you really suggesting that nations half a globe away can be closer culturally than neighbouring nations?
really nice
My brain is now little scrambled
I don't know man, I love Hungarian cuisine, I still haven't tried anything I didn't like
I love Serbs due to very close mentality to ours.
isn't a stretch to call Serbian and Bulgarian states in this map empires?
Not everyone neighbors and fears Russia and values an alternative alliance.
Sadly, far too few people in Europe are aware of those horrific events.
After all war crimes western countries led by USA did and whole world kept acting like its nothing i can't think anything bad of Russia or Russian ppl for what they are doing now
Macedonian/Bulgarian and Slovenian
For Serbia.As soon as it joined it would try to sabotage everything happening in the EU and destroy it so it can be again a dictatorship bulling it's neighbours.
Stane Dolanc
Victoria
Yes 3 cheers to NATO for creating a rump state that they, through EULEX, have to administer.
That would be nice and I think everyone wants it, but it is much more complex
My  balkan country is far safer to walk around at night than Paris
But the focus is as I said, the Holocaust
Hopefully we will manage to take Vucic off
Tamo gde sam ja radio se jos uvek vidi da je do skora bio veoma siromasan kraj i da su stvari tek odskora krenule nabolje
Why should we put our trust in various third party websites that are being funded by large corporations such as Google and Facebook whose political leaning is no secret to us?
• This nicely leads into WW1, Kingdom of Yugoslavia, WW2, Cold War and then you're done
He was unrealistic and too radical towards anyone that wasn't a Hungarian in the Austrian empire.
I love the place honestly
Well that's an exception:))
Croatia
In Serbian there are multiple expressions meaning "really far away". The most polite one is "Bogu iza nogu" which means "behind God's legs", there is "u pizdi materinoj" which means "in the mother's cunt", "u tri lepe" which literally means "in three beautiful", but refers to three beautiful cunts (I find that pretty weird myself)
Wasn't Chechnya supresing a rebelion inside it's own territory, something Ukraine is trying to do in Donetsk?
I clarified in another comment about what I mean by bilingual
Oh boy, Surinamese is amazing, wish I could have it every day
Sure, we have a military that's at least for now more effective, but that is not going to last long when the Chinese simply have such a larger economy and a massive pool of recruits to draw from.
Only one
too, there is a Serbian Orthodox church right around the corner from me.
My commute to school is around 20mins with the waiting on the bus stop
Babin Zub (mountain) = grandma's tooth
I didn't realise so many people here are so racist towards Gypsies, holy shit
I hope the French will find a way to solve this in their adventage, and even though I was disappointed in France on many personal and political matters with my country, this time I fully support France in this fight
Turned into percentages, it sounds even worse - 13% is not really a success for someone striving to rule, even if it went upwards from 10%.
Stupidly incorrect
First thing fuck off, saying things like " Serbs support Mladic" is so not true and clear that you have never been here
Your point of view is so one sided and not shared by a majority of our people.
Do you know about a good translation into English (or German) or ideally a bilingual edition Serbian/English?
You're also correct that it would be political suicide even to suggest such a thing
We get a lot of power from Iron Gate, but I don't think it counts towards are quota for renewables.
How is Northern Ireland in the British islands ?
Lol, historically those parts were never Albanian (maybe under ottomans), so nope, no claim on them.
Maybe a merchant considering my city was an Austro-Hungarian trading hub at the time
Our closest ally through the history.
Sounds like paradise
I think Romania owns a lot of today's prosperity to that type of exploitation of workers past two decades
And because we have many, many churches on Kosovo
Yeah, not a hospital
Close to Montmartre, very cool atmosphere, a small garden/courtyard, a downstairs bar and free breakfast last I was there.
When my wife and I started dating, they would have these dance parties all over Chicago.
Yeah, let's believe the China numbers
Any country is nice when you have money.
Then Poland, Hungary, Slovakia.
Belgrade is in Serbia and therefore outside Schengen - just a reminder!
'Don't leave the window open, wind (idk how to translate promaja) will kill you'
Beside that I don't think there is any legal issues.
Trying to get pride out of achievements by people who aren't even your countrymen is really stretching it.
I doubt is only neutral towards Serbia
He’s doing it in selfish interest, to stay in power longer, by creating conflict and homogenizing Turkic national being
Dad's friend basically just showed us an envelope full of money
That Swedish store that offers high quality furniture
Bosniaks are pretty chill and open to discuss politics, when talking to older people you could sense sadness when talking about the war, i remember talking to my hairdresser in Sarajevo who was in his 60's and he told i don't hate serbs i just don't like them, i won't forget that, you could tell that he was honest.
>Most Albanians would say Croatia since we’ve had a similar history
Greece - Their economy was problematic a few years back, but they're nice people, and have great food and even better holiday resorts
Hair Clips
or better yet.....he did not live to see neither Serbia or Croatia, he was born and died when both of those places were part of Austro-Hungary so claiming he ''belonged'' to either them is rather silly.
there is a similar thing with gypsies here but it's not really widespread.
serbia goes for the EU integration path
All in all, things were looking grim for Spain during those times.
This is a very foolish oppinion.
They are stealing, burning houses, beating people and everything else, while our president says that they are our friends
Are we living in medieval times?
But those still there, they refuse."
I like how this map solved all Balkan problems
For once Balkans can be a good example in Europe, how secular and integrated is Islam in these countries should be the standard for the Muslims migrating in Western Europe.
Do nothing the rest of the day
If someone watched only Serbian national television and nothing else, they'd probably assume we're more developed than Switzerland.
Can someone explain this to me please
I think it might be because the way the sentences get to be formed is different then in your mother tongue, it is not exactly what and how you would have said it in your mother tongue, and the whole train of thoughts sort of ends up in a slightly different place
That goes for both elementary and high schools, but somewhere there are schools that only work from 8 am
Nice
Most Serbians online bashing EU are Serbs living outside Serbia, and usually somewhere richer like Germany or the US so it's easy for them to trash talk and be proud nationalists when living far away.
We're landlocked but I also have to go with Portugal
No need to take my word for it, but that's what I've heard.
They accepted much more than Rambuillet after the bombing.
So as I grew up my knowledge of it was on the same level as my native language, Serbian
Religious practice is more cultural then teological issue in modern Europe.
Yeah, we had a long monarchist tradition until the red plague came
Some people like it but most not really
I don't need to live in Scandinavia to know the Irish bear no resemblance to your people.
Doesn't matter if it's Serbian or not, it still marks a certain point in history and as such is a precious artifact of the past.
Yeah, but Shakespeare was also a poet, and wrote quite a few tragedies too, while Nušić wrote only satirical comedies to my knowledge, and also a few novels.
But the point is these terms 'nazi' and 'marxist' shouldn't be used so easily
parents Serbian, but born in Croatia, and he himself said "I'm proud of my Serbian heritage and Croatian homeland", so kinda both
But no, these fucks think it's.. what, gonna deactivate their crystals or some shit
I'm sure stonewalling Kosovo internationally is a boon for Vucic domestically and is somewhat emotionally satisfying and everything on a national level but I fail to see how it really helps Serbia.
First tier is played from best teams in second tier plus major teams, usually in spring.
Zeljanica isn't with spinach its with "zelje" (idk the english name) which is nicer and milder than spinach
Cold -15 to 0
[Source (with updates)]
Is This Serbia testing it's waters or Russia?
For me, personally it's
Serbia was also culturally influenced by Vienna since her independence.
My condolences for Greece and France
Is this country related or person related
Only 15% of Brits feel European.
My (Serbian) wife says it's just normal that people have guns at home but that you don't walk around with them like in America.
Hence despite the low birthrate and high emigration from Slovakia, the population is not falling that much.
Interesting how he is pronouncing sounds the same way a Serbian would pronounce them.
Israel occupies 78% if what was once Palestine, of course there is resistance.
If someone wants to be independent, let them.
People start at the very young age
Ahh I see, yeah people should look out if they are reposting when they post something
> Sugar-coated
I'm gonna start attending real courses in September, but I did learn some very very basic stuff over the internet already
They have the best water, really pure and tasty
We all like fast cars
I only write my own signature in Cyrillic (which is also in cursive)
People wait months to be able to go to a doctor for something mildly serious.
Just 5 in russia
I know some drunk friends who lived in Verona and by mistake they went to Trentino Alto Adige after returning from a disco...
We used webex cause the email invitation is rather simple to use
SIKE I feel like god explaining Serbian to random Americans on discord
>That's true but can it be done
Wasnt his flag just a swastika
Either Sasa Jankovic or Vuk Jeremic.
We had a memorial for the 11.541 civilians that were killed by the Serbian terrorists in Sarajevo during the war.
Most Serbians are naturally hostile towards the west due to balkan wars, Kosovo and nationalist propaganda.
What is it
Would be hilarious if someone cut it down
What the guy is saying is just some chauvinist bullshit.
Here and there
Eyes, ears, honey-sweet mouth
Thw word for handgun is "Pištolj" and the word for revolver is well "revolver"
If you broaden it up, then Estonia is Northern Europe and Serbia is Eastern Europe.
Joko11, you are by far the edgiest person on here.
Not sure exactly, believe it or not, we haven't had many extraordinarily evil or bad men throughout history, but Slobodan Milošević has got to be up there somewhere.
It's currently so fricking cold here I'm freezing
The cards on the table,I like that.I hope this makes clear why Serbia can't join the union.
Greece (Byzantium)
This could become one of iconic images in future.
PS yeah we are pretty good at team sports, except football in recent years
Why Macedoni but not Serbia or Bosnia?
I felt sad
Don't see the point of mentioning of other independent states in a national anthem.
Likely but I guess we'll never know
com and literally any other big brand site doesn’t ship to serbia that very very sad
why not make one south slavic country?
Russia being big part in Military equipment so people see that being tested and think about Russia being big donor
It's usually between 900-1300 euro.
The Serbian PM claims this was an attempt to assassinate him and that whatever happened in Montenegro was not serious at all.
I didn't tell you, or any one else, should care about Serbia, I just asked what would public reaction be if something like this happend in other European countries.
>spoken polish is complete gibberish for me
Before and after they are separate languages.
Vučić Memes are pretty dank too
Kaladont, basically you say a word f.e. crvena (red) then the next player must take the last syllable, in this case "NA" and his word must start with that that syllable
>We profited off helping the NATO campaign in Serbia for a fast track to the EU and NATO, supported by the British
And my mother is stuck with 200 euros per month pension
Serbia will have it much easier because the EU want to keep them away from Russia.
Naser Oric, Jocan Divjak, Ejup Ganic and many more were arrested and then released just like Haradinaj due to Serb witch hunts
We use
isn't she the very one that said she'd leave the USA if trump get's elected?
I'm much more interested in getting the Gladio blacksites out of Europe
I've mostly had experience with staff being unimposingly polite, and that's how I prefer it.
How DO I build a hydralisk
But I think 90% of people under the age of 50 have been.
We (actually the usa, we just send the planes usa ordered us to do) prevented a bigger genocide.
Thank you Poland for giving me my granny, pierogi, sernik and kisiel
Edit: how could I forgot
Joking aside, I moved out sometime around 25, my friends moved out anytime between 18-30, though later was more common
Everyone's jumping at OP, because he is a Russian posting that content, but that should be secondary and it says a lot about this subreddit the way people react to him.
But when I went to Zagreb man oh man do they hate us.
Can relate
Romania is not muslim, Serbia as well
We have Sremska Mitrovica and Mačvanska Mitrovica (Mačvanska Mitrovica is a part of municipality of Sremska Mitrovica, but it can be seen as a village or a small town)
It's the basis of our language
And it appears to be true - you won't find any traces of them in social media and all over the Internet in general (we tried).
I wear mostly sneakers and I can't wait to get back home and walk barefoot (or in slippers)
Ps i like how Kosovo isn't a country here
Austrougarska monarhija
Putin's dream is EU partially dismembered, partially turned into populist circus.<
If it counts we bought a fish for our Biology professor to open up instead of having a test
And why should Serbia exactly help the region thats trying to break away?
If they think this'll have the same effects as the Serbia Kosovo train did, they're fucking retarded.
It's just a way to show off you got money which I find superficial
Hey man, don't listen to them, you are totally right to be worried about Eastern Europe being close to Middle East.
I used to work in a Serbian bakery in Italy and lots of people come to buy bread, snacks, meat and burek every day.
While it was a horrible tragedy, I don't think it 'classifies' as a genocide.
Here where i am its around 30C and wind is blowing, so i guess we're lucky
All of our media is buzzing about.
Another Serbian nationalist **disguised** with EU flair.
Serbian Parliament 2 days ago: Mogherini silenced by “Serbia!
yea i understand, it was also a bit insensitive from my side to compare the sub now to 2-3 years ago.
sad means now
Russian balet, literature, music, chemistry (Lomonosov, Mendeleev), architecture...
Nagasaki (nuke)
When ot melts, it drains DOWN
Montenegrin is a minority language in montenegro, though.
You can get all the money out as quick as you want, but if hyperinflation hits, like the one in 1993 Yugoslavia, you're just plainly fucked.
FOR REAL
Plus from what I can see there is also a Catalan flag in the background so I see no reason to be offended.
The bride is unable to leave the house until the apple gets shot
Sometime around 780 the Principality of Serbia was proclaimed
But it does recognize the actual words
Probably the things we did in Bosnia and Kosovo, those are darkest stains on our history
I know only of couple people who own a gun
Oh right, it happens
It says in the constitution of Republika Srpska that it is exclusively for the Serb people and that the only language is Serbian.
To be fair, Serbia is anti-Balkans so they brought that one on themselves.
I’m not exactly sure on this but I think it’s closest to Old Norse along with Faroe
We had a trade war with them, and both countries in the early 10's were doing military exercises on the Drina border . With the collapse of the Ottomans, there was a huge power vacuum to fill in Balkans, and interests of Serbia and AH couldn't be any more different
No one can mess with glorious Serbian kebab removal techniques.
The guy is claiming that Serbia run by extremists and fundamentalists (which isn't true), where there are literally ISIS funded organizations in Bosnia.
These two regions had a sizable Albanian population which the Serbian government decided to deport
Agreed, Sofia was probably the most bland Capital I've ever been to
Serbian (with the exception of southern Serbian which has a completely opposite effect)
I Mean its one thing to think that Kosovo should be part of Serbia and whatever and I am also worried about the rise of islamism in Kosovo.
It's funny how you're talking about Serbia being this big bad demon on the Balkans, yet...
Yes it pretty much is
And now we have one entity, who changes bodies every election cycle, but the policies stays the same
It's our privilege, I criticize my country, not you
Serbia, Greece, North Macedonia and Montenegro
Trepca is owned 100% by Kosovo but the issue at stake is the management model of this property and future private investments.
She and the whole HDZ are a shitty shitty people.
I think that picture could sum up the whole of ex-Yugoslavia.
Never found Cyrillic very visually pleasing for some reason, so I tend to avoid it
Croatia most probably, I think they feel the same way
Only Hungarians say "nyugatra" and they don't want give it up.
Ah yes, the Prussians
"(...)   he suffered from various delusions, such as believing that he was [made of glass] or denying that he had a wife and children
Whatever role Vučić has, that role is in charge because he is nearly a dictator
Doesn't necessarily have to have an O. For example  a common surname is  Milošević (I know there was one major famous idiot with it as a last name)
• Serbian uprising, independence, proclamation of the Kingdom
There's also a thing where half of the world still doesn't recognize it, so it's not like Serbia is the sole nation on the Earth against it.
Except the KLA, fuck them
They are simply dialects of one language, like US and UK english
Fair point, I think it's just the fact that this post wasn't a post about recognising Serbian independence from the Ottomans, it was about murdering Turks.
That would really just be to your own benefit.
the USA is for a reason their, by far, favorite country after albania.
You are confusing things, normal Chechens didn't wanted independence, they wanted to live in a better developed place, since Chechnya was/is poor.
I mean, you have them in Russia or Ukraine too, they're all over
Karremans wants to get home with his troops and he comes up with the "don't shoot the piano player" phrase.
Belgrade (originally Beograd) comes from the words "beo" meaning white, and "grad" meaning city
The borders are just decorations, there is no Kosovo and no Serbia, just glorious yurop
My town because its the poorest town in my country and my country is the poorest in europe
\[6\] Sharing the faith of Ottoman authorities allowed northern Albanians to become allies and equals in the imperial system and gain security against neighbouring Orthodox Slavs
Srbija to Tokyo
>Betrayal by who
Question: Why is this guy getting so much praise?
Also when Napoleon invaded the Russian Empire, the Russians had to sign a peace with the Ottomans and leave us to our own faith
Don't worry we don't want to join eu anyways
From here on it goes as: kurđel, askurđel, kurđup, kurlebalo, sukurdov, surdepač, parđupan, ožmikur, kurajber, sajkatav, beli orao
It is too good to be murican :D
I was just trying to prove my point that calling Yugoslavia a 'Greater Serbia' is ludicrous
Hey if it gets him the votes from a demographic he needs, it's not stupid
All of the anti American sentiment (mostly NATO) that I have heard are from Serbs based in the US.
But now that I looked into that it seems like even the Serbian population might vote for it.
Russia and China will come into geopolitical conflict over Mongolia and Outer Manchuria as soon as the USA is sidelined.
The people who support Serbia are usually nationalists.
In high school it's a bit different
Pros :
(We are a group of family and friends).
Up until somewhere 2012 there were no courts of justice, no official police, the only police were paralel policemen in civil uniforms paid by Belgrade.
100 dinars - 1
They think they're Germanic probably
You don't need passport for Serbia if you're from EU.
Unless your leadership suffers severe mental retardation
Oh, and some other state, not mine lol
We make rakija with almost any fruit
These are nice intentions, but as they want to protect the integrity of their immigration system, the EU will want to protect the integrity of its customs zone.
In Serbian it is "Grad" (or at least I think it is)
Did they had diaspora at least that sent money back to country, like we had in Yugoslavia?
They always seem quite militaristic to me.
Yes it is
I visited Belgrade 5 months ago and I thought I was in Russia and Putin was their president.
But you still employ Bosnian workforce
Would that be fine with Estonians?
My Serbian ex's father had a bunch of hunting rifles as well as a number of deer trophies locked away in the attic.
Yet his warm relations with EU/NATO preclude Serbian people from giving him a proper support, because he looks like a spineless puppy, as he is
If you ask me, I think Great Serbia has been used by characters like Seselj, Arkan, various gone-spycho paramilitary groups, chetniks etc.
Pahumi, Nevila (2007)
If ya mean by a court that controls the legality of legal acts and if an act is in line with the constitution then yes we do have it called the Constituonal court
Worse, they only bombed Serbia and *then* took no responsibility for Kosovo.
Almost every arthical there is has a Serbian translation
Edit: Thanks everyone who replied/replies
You should dip it in pasta sauce
stinky pussies sounds so much more tame than picko smrdljiva, even silly compared to the orginal :/
You have to jump trough so much hoops to get the weapons legally
Now that I re-read it, it could sound like it
Such a short, and correct statement.
Bojan would be the Slavic equivalent of Gun.
I have just noticed now when you have mentioned grah is used more rare lately
Britain to be left with fewer tanks than Serbia as war machines are replaced by Ajax vehicles
However, Serbia gets to live right next to a semi-failed state that is probably a haven for god only knows what.
Well, the question was not what are your neighbors but what you call them, my Alpine Serb cousin
Is this in any way safe
As far as autocracy's go it was relatively benevolent
If irony would make money I'd be richer than every single Pope combined just by reading the title of this article.
It's like the love child of Romanian mici and Serbian Pleskavica.
Visa-free access granted if carrying washing basket.
Polish is a really sexy language in my view, and imagining how its written makes me feel even better (don't know if many others would agree considering how fucked up the orthography and how hard the language itself is), but yeah, I actually love that
Altough, considering that the Serbs aren't as good to the Vlachs within their borders, we're stuck with the bloody sea :))
For example, I've seen officially 7 conjugation groups (like ar er and ir in Spanish) while one of them has 2 subgroups
The breach of Thessaloniki front meant a complete disaster of Austro-Hungaria and Bulgaria
There are songs like [Ai se tu pego] that become hits even though nobody knows the lyrics.
Corona virus
Wow, Welsh is really a beautiful language i can see why you preserved it despite the circumstances
* I know it's nobody's fault, but, Jesus Christ, goes to prove just how much of an ingrained stigma still exists around this place
At that time I was crazy about Corto Maltese in Venice graphic novel, and the city felt like a dream, despite the hoards of tourists
Just like Albania, Bosnia and that Serbian Province of Kosovo.
I speak ijekavian version of Serbian language and that's because i live in Serbian entity in Bosnia.
Sakupljač perja ( I Even Met Happy Gypsies)
Damn, the way some of you people see Serbia and then say we are blinded by propaganda lmao
The body of works of Serbian epic poetry is massive too:
" -But it's stolen money, how can you say that, do you support the Y party
Did every president/leader attend this event ?
nowadays, yes
If you're seriously calling the name dispute a 'crisis' it's clear that you're another westerner who doesn't know shit about the place they're talking about
It was done by paramilitaries like Arkan's tigers, not Yugoslav army or Serbian police.
That we are racists
A friend of mine went to a team building in Russia, they flew 2 hours away from Kazan with a helicopter in the woods and brought a doctor with them just in case
They have very close ties to Russia.
Specially since our IT sector (I will get to it next) is booming a lot of startup IT companies are demanding us to legally represent them and write the contracts
I mean we are starting to rebuild from NATO aggression slowly so I hope it will be better
I assumed so, but the OP confused me because he said it was impossible
Among them, some of the Russians would be the worst, but the vast majority would still be very nice.
Why not wish for Yugoslavia to reunite but just Bosnia, if you hate to see your euro bros have such hate for each other?
I'd reply, but you're getting angry calling me an idiot and whatnot, so...
Bosnia is where it's at due to Serb politicians using veto to present country as failed state and garner support for independence.
Sike no one learns Serbian
So if our system changes, and we gain something from the Kosovo deal, I see Serbia in the EU in 20 years
If I understand it right it's mostly societal pressure
Iran - The US is the only one to be blamed for the shit they're currently going through, from Islamism to the near-war situations
They just have to endure their negative thoughts while trying to get by
If it makes you feel any better go ahead a post about the "Most Serbian of Albanian towns" in Kosova or something lol
Welcome to Serbia, oh wait
I don't have time for people asking me to elaborate in hopes I don't know a lot about it and therefore "killing" my argument.
in Bucharest, on construction sites, I see that most of the workers are Roma.
the athens *city* is less than 10% of the whole urban athens - only 38 square km so i think it will only affect the said city core.
Hungarian
Except EU officials said that the recognition of Kosovo wont and shouldnt impact Serbias EU path, after all, 5 EU countries dont recognize it.
Ditto <3
But I do say that it is their own fault.
In fact a lot of Romanians from Romania call themselves Moldovans
I don't think there will be a war between us as long as we aren't being too close, because Yugoslavia proved that that's not possible (as of now)
Kanye's an egoistic asshole, this guy is just mocking the corrupt political scene.
[this is being built in belgrade]
Not really
Our books just cram everything in 4 years,not looking if its important or not
For example, I've seen officially 7 conjugation groups (like ar er and ir in Spanish) while one of them has 2 subgroups
I’m afraid to mention Balkan wars lol
Yes, of course
Have a good day
Man, NLA "insurgence" was stopped by Macedonian Army an Police in every single battle or military action, this up set a lot of folks back in the US.
The laissez faire free market doesn't give a shit about your well being, nor the well being of your family, nor the well being of the environment, and it needs a dash of socialism in order to function properly.
What was purpose lol
Because Serbia still hasn't renounced it, with their "Kosovo is theirs" rhetorics.
I don't really mind, just saying that other Slavic languages don't use it that way (as far as i know).
When it comes to Slovak, last Summer I was on a cruise and there were two Slovak tourists with their guide telling them about the sights
edit: forgot to shoot my guns in the air
looking at Northern Ireland from this perspective is giving me the shivers.
So many Albanians who did not want to convert converted to Orthodoxy instead to not have to pay taxes.
Well now shit really hit the fan
Your father's name usually is your middle name, but rarely who uses it
Those lands wish us well, what's wrong there?
Yeah, other slavs too
WOW much civilized , being drunk as fuck every weekend is also civilized
I guess she knows how stupid this war was
Poor Spain :(
You should visit us sometimes
I'm too lazy to find them or switch to cyrillic so here's a picturesque description: One's a mirrored "R", the other's a "ë" (possibly only Ukrainian), I think then we have an "O" with a sideways "T" attached and an "E" lying on it's back with a little thingy hanging off it's right edge.
Prešao is a form of the verb "Preći", while Prelazio is a form of the verb "Prelaziti". However both are in the same tense
Serbia has 5 international and quite a few domestic airports.
You have remnants of that crowd even to this day, but it's not really the Russian tracksuit meme status (yet).
Google gives me results that make me think French and Russian salad are the same, at least in ex-Yu cuisine.
Allow me to quote my favorite Serbian epic poem, which has strongly shaped my worldview, The Mountain Wreath by Prince Petar II Petrović-Njegoš:
Corrected
Only thing for which I regret the Serbian Revolution, we don't get decent rahat lokum anymore.
Go fucking figure
You sound like a really nice person
Let them call their town whatever they want.
Kosovo only got an Albanian majority during the latter half of the 20th century, I guess they shouldn't exist either.
it won't, Poland being in Estonia is not as nearly offensive to people as US being in it i guess.
Not sure if it counts as an invention, but what [this guy did]
You're suggesting the whole of Republika Srpska to move into Serbia?
I can say every person that is not directrly from Serbia cannot speak our language completely right
Nvm Crimea is Russia not Ukraine
About 40% of people smoke here
And you might want to do some googling yourself, not expecting everything to be spoon fed to you
Cool, have you enjoyed your time there
That's ~10 000e/monthly
One of the perhaps unusual practices that's common in the Balkans is waving your flag on a wedding day, I'd say that's the most common reason people would own one
You didn’t hear anything because our government doesn’t want you to, it’s pretty complicated, they don’t respect the police clock, or whatever you call it in english, and police isn’t doing anything, they got the masks for covid-19 before us, and masks they get are better quality then what we can get of buy and there is a lot more to say but u really can’t type it all
you learnt latin but struggle with Russian
Three has a great symbolic meaning, like Holly trinity, third time's a charm, three wise men, probably even more in prechristian period, but two not so much
Headsoccer character
After that, all the movies and cartoons I watched were on English
As for safety I don't think you have to worry anywhere in Europe for that really
You have to click "view content" to get the video.
In fact, in Bulgaria and Serbia I only spent something around 20-25€/day.
Thus the First Serbian Uprising was defeated in no small part because of Napoleon
>We were a fairly solid democracy, especially by the standards of the times, under the Karađorđević
So the borders should be rewritten: **croatian** majority parts of bosnia and montenegro to croatia, **serbian** majority parts of bosnia and montenegro to Serbia, Montenegro majority parts can choose to stay independent or join serbia.
You should change your flair from *Europe* to *Serbian nationalist who wants to crush the albanians and wants no peace*.
I'm sure Italians have a lot that the rest of us can only envy
That one letter alone could unite all the dialects
Yes it is very common
18 years later the battle of Kosovo happened starting the Ottomans invasion
This is because the continuity of an action is described within the verb itself and not by the tens
US has interest in maintaining military influence in Kosovo, which as you can presume is complete opposite to Serbia's interests, both national and public
Ok the Balkans are the best by far
Atheism is a polarity of christianity - a strong belief there is no force that made everything to be without any proof either so its equally stupid
We do however have almost as many tenses but we don't use them anymore
Actually yeah, we don't learn much about Serbia in the States.
F them
Glava, ramena, stomak, kolena
If I read that well, Serbia is the only European country aside Belarus to have voted No?
In Serbian, every letter is pronounced, well, as it is supposed to
Really depends
Sort of like the Arab Spring but it's 1st world countries
Njuz.net is a really amazing Serbian satirical outlet, it has the funniest shit and it's not afraid to poke fun at everything, which is hardly the case with anyone else when Vucic has power.
Afterward, Hurshid Pasha, the Turkish vizier of Niš, ordered that a tower be made from the skulls of the killed Serbian revolutionaries.
It sounded a bit weird the first time I heard someone call their daughter "son".
How would such an Alliance go with all the Brits who have just voted for sovereignity and taking back control?
The irony of a Serbian accusing an Albanian of terrorism can't be avoided.
Should we also "realise" that "Northern Cyprus" is "independent" now?
And fuck modern Russia
I would suggest that Serbia's particular variety of nationalism is, like Russia's (and the USA's) slightly past it's "use by date" and may have been since that tosser murdered the Archduke Ferdinand back in 1914.
And so on and so on
another thing that is funny is that like half of those points are like that because of african americans even if they're miniority
To my Serbian ears your sentence sounded like "hey man, do you have a chewing gum". Now I'm interested what it really means lol
You missed the chance to go with 41st millennium!
or because they enlist more soldiers without the policy
Imagine being able to trust your own goverment lmao couldnt imagine that
Did I deny genocide in Srebrenica
And Greece- as a brother country with who we fought against the Turks, Bulgarians, Austrians and Germans
When Serbia enters the EU, it will introduce both visas and sanctions to Russia.
He grew hydroponic pot under his bed and was super easygoing.
That one works too, yeah
I'm sorry but it's not only about that.
And we will never forget your captain refusing to go on a bombing mission towards Serbia and Montenegro (he got a medal for that recently) or Greeks generally causing havoc in NATO by sending relief to areas they knew would be targeted thus saving lives by diverting NATO planes from bombing
2010 Kraljevo earthquake (5
You guys get triggered really easily by a random reddit comment...
EDIT: Also the GTA character Niko Bellic is supposedly Serbian
Ze je za zelenu algu na dnu mora (Ze is for the green algae on the sea floor)
Just because we are a third world country does not mean that we are poor, but that we did not choose a side in the Cold War
He sometimes thinks he isn't, but he is.
I've never seen Serbian Folk dancing in Serbia, by we used to see it every weekend here.
here you can bring them to public transport vehicles only if they are in those transportation cages.
When we signed no attack treaty with Hitler allowing his troops to pas through our land only to see some students supported by Britain organise protests against it
We quite recentelly fought during the breakup of Yugoslavia (which is multicultural federation in most of it's existence) and today's Bosnia and Herzegovina is very similar to that model, consisting of three constituous groups that (almost) hate each other
I would have expected Dutch to be a bit closer to the Scandinavian languages.
Brexit comes to mind and the amount of misinformation and foolishness that came out of it
He comes complete with fake university diploma, wealth that is unaccounted for and a tendency to make empty populist promises to win votes.
Mmm nothing really happened in Slovenia, when they declared independence Slovenian police surrounded and locked the Yugoslavian Army inside their military barracks to prevent any armed escalation, which was a really wise thing.
I have nothing against Albanians, Kosovo people etc, but I support Serbia.
Yeah who cares about a coup in front of your doorstep..
And if you count anything anything above 5, the word changes its ending
He has plenty of comments on it though and seems to get along well with the people there.
Accepting Turkey and Serbia would make sure that it wouldn't politically integrate further and stay economical.
Goodwill short-lived between Kosovo and Serbia after EU talks
TIL doduse nikog nisam cuo da izgovara Scott kao Skat
We dont support Russia in Crimea or Georgia.
I know even where are some of them on the map and maybe even a few cities
Some people like them are officially banned from Serbia too.
I don't think people really relate poppy to opium here
Serbia and Bulgaria don't even have those, yet they're ranked higher than a country than does?
People, mostly young ones, from smaller towns and villages come to bigger cities to study, not a whole lot of people leave the urban areas for rural but recently there was some initiation by state to encourage this kind of migration
Serbia, nor Yugoslavia was ever a part of that
Yes, but this isn't 1947 with a bunch of tribes with no papers to their name and maybe a few cattle to call their own.
Its decided by the amount of news or something
The Bosnian language is like old Serbo-Croatian with a some words that are specific to Bosnian language
Serbia is no more than Russian puppet who still hasn't renounced aggression or genocide as legal projects for state building
I love Breton
History revisionism at his peak.
Nikolic is not the Prime Minister of Serbia.
The Pulling of the Nose:
Serbia has been recognized as a candidate (2011), but hasn't started negocictions, Koovo has been promised more agility to join (which doesn't mean be able to) but instead has started negociations, which makes him closer than Serbia (requirements apart).
Hm, never knew that
Same logic when people say 'omg Trump is bad for the kids'.
90% letters are  same but Y and Z are swaped
Oh you are from Siberia
Honestly i believe it's Ćevapi
Jesus kiddo, Kosovo is Serbia just like SAO Krajina is Croatia, you have double standard.
Roma communities are starting to fight back.
Because that's how they are taught
For example Paris is a big fashion capital for France, however I'd say Milan is The Capital for European fashion
Genitals, animals and family members
Vojko V - Kako To
Serbia doesn't want them, and has little means to sustain them.
There's some slow progress made on certain issues (chapters being opened & closed), but on other fronts Serbia is arguably moving away from where it should be going (Vučić has more than a few authoritarian tendencies), and there's massive headaches like Kosovo and Serbia's ties with Russia (and European states' views on that) that might hold up things indefinitely because they might entice various EU states to veto Serbia's accession.
I believe there are frequent meetups for travelers as we get loads of tourists but I wouldn't be able to tell you exactly where sadly
If you ask them, they'd say they are christians, but they don't really respect the most of christian values and customs
Our [Slava] custom
EU's Mogherini met by pro-Russian chants in Serbian assembly
I don't need much, just to be close to the sea
I honestly have no slightest idea.
pear rakija -> kruska/kruskovaca
You should dip it in pasta sauce
the best group is surely [Beogradski Sindikat]
the villains layer:
The serbs in Austria are against more immigration because the new immigrants make it harder for them to find jobs and living space.
Are you saying they are behind it, lol?
Fell apart into many warring states shortly after
He started as a joke, the guy is playing a character, but he actually got a lot of support because people are mad at the current state of politics in Serbia.
''Jasenovac was working camp, people died of fly!'' or ''My mission is fulfiled, Yugoslavia excists no more'' - Stipe Mesić
Yes it's actually used in everyday speech
Milunka Savić - most military awarded woman in world i think that says enough
Looking at Catalonia, I don't think that Spain particularly cares much about any autonomous rights.
I sometimes upvote Balkan related posts and write controversial statements like "Kosova is Serbia" or worse "Serbia is Kosova" just to have fun.
Occupation and annexation of Montenegro after WW1
If this speech was delivered by Schultz it would've been 90%+ surely.
Where is the border between Serbia abd Montenegro?
No but the human rights violations are similar enough - Palestinian Refugee
Totally not
Kosovo is basically Albanian, Albania is a member of NATO.
What does that word mean
a Pole said to me that he considers Gavrilo Prinicip a hero dont know how Germans and Austrians gonna feel about him tho
We have Vojvodina and Kosovo (depending on who you ask)
Seselj has the votes of the insane.
They aimed at schools, hospitals, buildings people lived in, any company that was a competitor to any us company, a lot of bridges
It's a Belgrade hotel called Design Hotel Mr
Do you have to spread propaganda everywhere?
My wife's relatives really really love Russia.
Bookmark this post, come back in .. maybe five months
etc
Our tendencies toward Serb Republic in Bosnia aren't even a secret
Russian/Belorussian/Ukranian is the hardest, I understand very little when conversing with a speaker mostly I understand a few words here and there
This idea that the mainstream media is somehow more credible has been proven false lately.
They are either ultra chads or Vucic's sandwich-eaters, there's nothing in between
Russia isn't going to invade you nor attack you.
>You have one big unresolved border
Is the shitting related to your swearing ability, because if so, we can fuck just about anything.
I mean, Albania's national hero [Skenderbeg] changed his religions like 4-5 times between Orthodox, Catholic and Muslim.
5 times more
Also, let’s not forget that as we wright this down, two countries wage war against Armenians in Caucuses, which is not so different than this one
Serbia is the closest to EU membership and is the only one viable
Sometimes but the urban meaning is usually very similar to gopnik
In general, I recommend the east of Europe as the west (France, Germany) is too expensive for such a trip.
But Russian, Bulgarian and Ukrainian when they talk a little slower
Princip and whole Serbian Black Hand were the most successfull terrorists befor Al-Queda and that old man on the throne knew it would be a catastrophe.
I guess /u/eurovisionist7 is just annoyed with people saying that Croatian, Serbian and Bosnian are the same language and is taking the piss...
Yes exactly, he claimed the title of the king of Serbs through his dynastic ancestry, not through the fact that he was a Serbian ruler
Statement was about the defense of Serbian minority, they won't have any reason to enter Kosovo if Serbs on Kosovo are not being killed.
And the islamic countries will vote anything in favor of another islamic country.
These two regions had a sizable Albanian population which the Serbian government decided to deport
I don't think you are completely right.
Nobody complained then it was illegal, even though there wasnt even a referendum, just the Kosovar parliament approving it.
N1 je prenosio na svu sreću
Wenn Du gwusst häst wos dei klana "gscheita" Kommentar dir eibrockt, dann häst wahrscheinlich dei deppate Goschn gholtn.
Serbs, Bosniaks and Croats are at the same level of religiosity.
On the bus sometimes but on taxis always.
Where (you) from
It is a failure of Clinton and USA foreign policy, because for once it has been stopped by Russia.
They have the best water, really pure and tasty
Jebo sam ti mater za ovo
I didn't know about this
Like, I am not against the European Union, I would like my country to be a member of the EU, I am just against extremists like Verhofstadt who want to cut national sovereignty and turn the EU into some sort of continental empire.
How come Ireland and France have so high rate?
\- Fanatical love of sports and obsession with betting shops (this is actually almost epidemic-level among men, starting at ages 12-13)
The US got it in 2026 at the same time I believe
For us it is a battle on Kosovo in 1389 against Ottoman Empire
I would tell them no Serbia and then the blank stare would come
[Makovnjaca] is the most common one, but there's also a kind of [small poppy cakes] or big ones, with different combination of chocolate, vanilla and other stuff with poppy
Time to kill someone
Go to Ljubljana/Zagreb for Christmas and then Zagreb/Novi Sad/Belgrade for New Years.
The 'smaller' a country is, the more nationalism it has.
Ally
But you'd pronounce it the same either way.
But yes, even the US
From lovest to highest levels
In here porns are referred as Swedish action movies
That wouldn't have saved the Balkans from the Turks
Well there are three countries that share a similar language to ours, many says those are the dialects of the same language
We even had volunteers in the Crimea and Donbass fighting for the pro-Russian side.
Well i don't know, but the two doctors that work are clean shaven
with that many non European origin people I really doubt you're even in top 10, let alone highest
Always
Šljivovica means from plum, šljiva - plum
Yea ofc
I've gone to someone's house plenty of times when there was no food except for snacks
>B) yes, its a problem
Protected with a mirror:
a map of a "Greater Serbia" spanning from eastern Croatia to northern Greece
Зелезницка пруга (zeleznicka pruga), means train/rail track
Why aren't they charged and convicted?
What are you trying to get at here?
They would consider themselves Serbian.
the current version is from 2006.
Like, yeah, some things are different, but it's still masculine gender, no
I know that, but I can't see your point.
First step is to get the name (Jovan) or profession (Kovač - blacksmith)
Blamage
Who solely go there to provocate and start fights.
Abkhazia or "novorossia" (I hate this name).
I'll be extremely impressed if Serbia manages to convince every single EU country that it should be let in without recognizing Kosovo.
Having said that, there's more to Kosovo than just a piece of territory.
If you as a tourist come to us for directions, we'll try our best to help you
Wikipedia is fine
Samsung, Iphone (previously models mostly, rarely the 6s), Huawei and Xiaomi.
you can't explain it
There are "Serbian" dialects (torlački govor or Torlakian dialect) that sort of "meld" into Macedonian/Bulgarian with less cases than standard Serbian and more articles, for example.
Erdogan figured out on time that it's smarter to be with Putin than to be against Putin, but Ukrainians keep smashing and smashing their heads against the wall.
The only thing left us to do is to close the sarcophagus of this 1k year old mummy and leave him there once and for all.
Btw does anyone know why is Serbia using the Byzantine cross in their coat?
Heard of breaking Yugoslavia
Basically, they're saying child protection services will take away people's kids if they're aren't vaccinated (which is now mandatory, by the way) and then "sell" them to people from Western Europe (among them to gay couples)
All others are just familiar
which is in process of being changed this year
Yes exactly it turns out the Nazis were actually not racist because they didn't think they were.
no European country came close to the devastation suffered by Serbia
Chakavian and kajkavian are completely separate from shtokavian but are still considered dialects of Croatian.
Each room has a portrait or a ruler
For Serbia: president ia an incopentent straight man, prime minister is an incompetent lesbian woman
The tower of Serbian skulls built by Turkish in the city of Nis, Serbia.
I live in Ireland and I can tell you for a fact, the Irish don't look ANYTHING like Scandinavians.
If you get caught playing rugby here you would be shanked in your kidneys
Croatia for the Yugo wars and the Ustashe, no idea how we could solve this, although I know the first step would be Croatia recognising operation storm as a genocide as it was
They will have huge muslim majorities in certain regions.
Most popular songs:
Oof, a tough question really
Well we speak as we write and we write as we speak, so yes
Šuker’s response to the photos, as reported in The Guardian, was telling
I have also lived in pretty bad parts in the US (Rogers Park/Chicago last ten years).
In fact, we shouldn't talk with drivers at all, there are signs saying that
They are not innocent by any means.
Well other Slavic languages have the next one too, but other European languages don't have this feature
There is fešta ribe i vina, where you get free fish and wine.
The problem arises when a bordering nation is keen on annexing parts of their neighbour and is plotting to do exactly this.
It's completely broken
Dactyloscopy - mid 19th century, first used by Sir William James Herschel in India
The other two parts which thought they can live together peacefully without Serbs eventually ended in a war which was stopped after they were summoned to Washington to sigh a peace deal.
This is incredibly hard to believe.
I don't think anyone from Serbia or Croatia wants another war, it has ruined us so hard that it's hard for someone from Canada to understand it.
Fuck me
I hope you understand what I mean :)
Foreigners can also easily mix up dž and đ, and č and ć.
The dangerous times were during the 90s, so it's over now
you're not missing much, to be honest.
It's juts
first armed conflict in Croatia was enforced when Croatia sent attack Helicopters to destroy a Serbian roadblock
I was hoping someone would mention this
["Zanimljive geografije" \(interesting geography\)] - basically you randomly point to a letter and then all players have to write down geographic stuff like river, country, city, mountain, etc starting with that letter within a time period
I can understand that Middle English excerpt better than the Early Modern one, due to the latter's flowery language
what, people of Belgrade should protest for everyone?
My friend moved to Shanghai with her husband and son and when they went to Disneyland recently, so many Chinese visitors wanted a photo with her son
Bulk of German forces were destroyed on Eastern front and if there wasn't an invasion on USSR, West alone could never have been able to defeat Germany.
There is not a single neighbour they don't hate
idk, greek grey economy is definitely bigger than ours.
I never understood people who will hate you because you come from a certain country
Used to be good nation and neighbor but then Putin got "elected" and everything went to hell.
I would go for Sarajevo, because it is a mixture of Slavic and Muslim cultures
I love both but cats are more laidback and lazy like me so I can just procrastinate the whole day with a partner
Here is Karremans being 'interviewed' in an aggressive way by Mladic, and near the end he says the piano player bit :
I just feel that this was never intended to improve the lives of people there, just provoke national feelings for the next election or whatever.
We are excited to see the paintings in Louvre and the Botsari metro station in Paris.
Thor ragnarok "Devil anus"
Correct me if im wrong here, but you had even concentration camps just for kids?
here we use a formal "you" between each others and the word you use to address them is "professor,"
hahah same, we call it kids champagne, though we also have it sold regularly
We're trying to keep up too
Framåt Karoliner
I'm also interested in Dusseldorf and its modern architecture
People here don’t even know that atheists exist
As always r/europe never disappoints to relate everything to Russia
Btw komp is a common slangword for it here too.
Oh thanks, I feel a sourge of local patriotism now
Go rot in prison and hopefully great leader Vucic will follow you there soon
Then Tito dies, we mennage to get by for 10 more years, thwn 90s start, and we finally have a war, so we killed each other a bit, this guy thinks he is Tito, so America decides to help us by bombing the sht out of us, then we owerthrow Milošević.
Then we should bill the Serbian government for all expenses they cost us
It can even zoom in on YouTube videos so there's that.
Serbs will never give it away
But back to antiantifaschist in the Balkans there are a lot of nationalist who describe right wing politicians of other ethnic group or other country as fascist or nationalist why present themselves as antifaschist or antinationalist even though using the same rhetoric as them .
Absolutely hate turbofolk
Drinking from the flask:
We do
And - i
but is less per capita than France
century [Obrenovici] and [Karadjordjevici] Descendants of Karađorđević dynasty are still alive today, though they have symbolic titles and are allowed to live in former court in Belgrade.
Otherwise there would be no basis to criticize or act against any government that is violating the human rights of its own population.
Kosovo is directly dealing with Serbia in the Mitrovica issue.
Its easy formula if you are a Slav Serbs don't get along with you and since you aren't Slavs and Greeks aren't as well we get along just fine
Case and point:
Well, it wouldn't be fine, but at least they would pick *something*...
Both, but teachers prefer cursive
Why is he right-wing
I mean they arent as rich as western europe but i always assumed that no one would have to starve to death.
Thats why I never defended it, but why dont you talk about hard death statiatics about muslim raids from city defended by UN on serbian vilages around it that lasted for 3 years
Greater Serbia is a myth, ethnic cleansing only happend to Serbs in Kosovo, Karadzic has nothing to do with Kosovo.
In Kosovo there's at least some English speaking blogs and news organizations such as Prishtinainsight and Kosovo 2.0.
And no, Organ theft had up to 300 victims, which si by far the largest crime in Kosovo War.
Recently acceding states come in pairs or multiples, so one or more of Serbia, Albania and Bosnia might join alongside Montenegro.
"Vukojebina" ¿a place were wolves fuck
Asking if there are Mountains in Austria is like looking for potatoes in Ireland
Here in Serbia we go to school from 7:30 am to 1:30 pm, one class is 45 minutes in-between classes are 5 minute breaks except between the 2nd and 4th class(15 mins), those are "morning classes" it's basically the same for "afternoon" classes but they start at 1:30 pm and end at 7:30pm
a Spaniard moves to Sweden and such, so it's not as easy for USA to blame the migration for their issues.
We are able to speak or write words with backward-ordered consonants, like “travel = veltra “ and we are able to understand (younger generations at least) what word was it
Although my best friend did go to court because he got caught with two grams
I think the EU really needs to cut Serbia some slack, not just promises but something tangible, so Chinese investments will simmer down
btw "wiem" czy "znam"? nie jestem pewna
Serbia on its way to the EU; to open 2 more chapters.
Yes and your country kicked their asses, at least you did not get bombed by NATO for doing so.
- A lot of cafés , if you're into that stuff
You can go to Slovenia first (Bled, Ljubljana), then Croatia (Zagreb, Rijeka, Zadar, Sibenik, Split, Dubrovnik) and continue to either Montenegro (Kotor) or Bosnia (Mostar, Sarajevo) to Serbia (Belgrade and then home).
Unless you have military power and political will to go in for a war what Serbia would certainly loose, its a done deal.
I didn't even know there were any in Serbia
Its only 3 districts large and fighting for the right to be annexed to a country rather than become its own country.
I have some knowledge of Belgrade's history, recently I learned more about a small tribe in the north.
everything
Eh, I would say Epirus, Macedonia and Thrace are closer to Balkan countries like Serbia, Bulgaria and the other Macedonia than they are with Italy and Spain, while Sterea Ellada, Peleponnesos and the islands are much closer to Italy and Spain.
Skip
Not all of Present day Serbia was under the control of the Turks for the whole time.
I'm for Serbia joining EU in the near future.
I said Nedic braged about Belgrade being jude frei.
I often heard people call it majmunče aka young/small monkey
as i said Serbia is just looking for an answer externally...
Either Putin or Vučić (Serbian president) because he is like 2m tall
Serb boy was shot on 15th March, followed by drowning of three Albanian kids who were appareantly drowned by Serbs, something like that.
It says it was already planned by the Obama administration but let's just jump right into conspiracy theories because why not, right?
Only Serbia and Ukraine have considerable Hungarian populations, but most Hungarians live in Romania and Slovakia (apart from Hungary obviously).
yea i know but those are a bit similar so they popped to mind.
that must have been one hot chick.
Some times I feel bad for the UCK soldiers, they went and died in Thousands, all for nothing
Special
Although the first and national TV channel is "RTS" (Radio Televizija Srbije - Radio Television of Serbia)
Is it due to culture or you're supposed to not say hi to your neighbors or
My friend made a joke "He who digs a hole beneath someone is physical worker"(Ko pod drugim jamu kopa fizicki je radnik)
I think Vucic (current Serbian president) is up there, but probably Milosevic (he probably isn't most hated, but most controversial for sure)
Numismatistical, ventriliquistish, Ghastists
Not a 1st world country that has heard about Kosovo only out of propaganda fueled news sources
ice hockey is canadian, according to the wikipedia page
Yea, it was the *excuse* that got him acquitted...
We have the biggest border dispute
Croatia - We can't admit we are very similar to each other and that's our main problem
Sarajevo was on my orignial list, but unfortunately when I was looking at the route, it seems that the rail links between Bosnia-Herz and neighboring countries are not that great..
Here where i am its around 30C and wind is blowing, so i guess we're lucky
We make fences and people from there freeze in Serbia not in New York!
Also Greece because of religion
I see red olives more often than the black ones
So they would count the 19 regular counties plus Romania, Slovakia, Serbia, Ukraine.
Might have a higher living standard and all that, i have an aunt who lives (pretty well off) in LA, but it's not really for me
Yeah, same goes for us
To me, it seems like Vucic is trying to stir shit up here.
Thank you for 100 years of not starting a world war Serbia, really appreciate it!
I am not entirely sure though, is it about the movie 'in the land of blood and honey' or something else?
Što je odlična prilika da srpski tenkovi ponovo oru slavonske njive.
The so-called [Toblerone building]
Jeremic and Jankovic are going to split the votes
This is the reason why so many of our surnames ends with "ić" (similarly how there is "ski" or "ov/vna" for other Slavic languages)
KOSOVO IS SERBIA
One more asylum seeker in Germoney.
If it was a war in Kosovo and he US actively helped like in the 90s likely NATO would win
The problem will be the lack of people that are actually from there answering the question, and will get filled with pseudo geopolitic experts talking bullshit.
It honestly all depends and I'm not an expert in the topic
While humans are extremely different from each other, those differences don't have much to do with ethnicities or nationalities.
They want to pull the same shit in Serbia, like conscripts mean shit today except being a waste of money and resources.
Add to that "aid" mentioned in the graph is given with strings attached and for exact stuff EU thinks Serbia needs, and it usually ends up in corrupt official's pockets and EU knows this
A pack of them accepted me to their group and made me live a lovely one and half month.
We have it now much worse hahah
Oh yes, because putting people who entered your country illegally in a fenced area makes you Hitler.
Mine is Russian
We have 1 in whole Serbia
Ada Kaleh (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈada kaˈle] from Turkish: Adakale meaning "Island Fortress", Hungarian: Újorsova or Ada Kaleh, Serbian and Bulgarian: Адакале / Adakale) was a small island on the Danube populated mostly by Turks **that was submerged during the construction of the Iron Gates hydroelectric plant in 1970.** The island was about 3 km downstream from Orşova and measured 1.75 by 0.4–0.5 km.
There were also attempts days before when a bomb was thrown but it detonated under a car behind the royal couple.
Vucic is sending 40 assassins to your house
They will switch places
Kosovo was invaded by NATO, not by land but by air.
Even for longer parties
Also Greece because of religion
We're definitely not, in fact we're very good friends
I've been a drinker my whole life, but now I'm losing my tolerance :( If I could I'd drink milk all the time
Yugoslavia, a mistake we repeated twice
Also, maybe Niko Bellic is not the best example because his nationality is officially not defined
Do they get textbooks in written in Kajkavian dialect?
most of the people have the contrary impression
Hahahahah" cue my head hitting the desk
This is not a bloody war, this is two countries just finding idiot issues to argue about a four digits name.
It's just time to put that stupid talks to rest that someone forced you to join Yugoslavia, or that there was an option for independent Croatia and Slovenia
While I agree that it would be smarter for our country to let it go at the same time we're a very proud people with a strong sense of nationality
Do you really think that Serbia was bombed because someone got a 'hard on' ?
“Is it the Russian state or Russian nationalist groups?
Like a family dog that learns to jump and twist the knob to open the door instead of passing through the doggy door.
What
Yes exactly, he claimed the title of the king of Serbs through his dynastic ancestry, not through the fact that he was a Serbian ruler.
Serbia didn't do srebrenica, that was Bosnian serbs
Not really, most were Serbs who chose to forget they are Serbs.
Edit: I'd also interject as to the previous argument the fact that the Balkan region has been conquered and reconquered far more heavily than other European countries who effectively maintained their national independence longer.
If you really want to call them a differen name call them Šiprtars
Basically everybody in the country gets drunk about once a month
Croatian: Almost 100%, maybe there's a small chance I won't understand a word, but probably not, it's like a British person speaking to an American
Pack your bags and go back to Africa..
I am saying that violence has already been normalised for them.
Would probably cause quite a few raised eyebrows where I'm from, though
I thought padeži are called cases
When I grew up and drilled the European map and all of its countries into my head, Yugoslavia was still on it.
He seems to ba very regular poster on /r/Croatia, his dialect seems Croatian aswell.
I read somewhere that Serbia is the least racist country in Europe
Веверица / Veverica
Russia - Politics is debatable, but the whole 'anything which has any loose correlation to Russia is used for spying' got a little boring tbh
Yikes
Video proof of a nice lady from the ruling party helping people with poor eyesight:
You dont care why someone supports you, you are just grateful for it.
His mother was Bulgarian princess, plus his wife was also Bulgarian princess and he called himself the Emperor of Serbs, Greeks and Bulgarians.
No, and if someone who speaks Croatian and Bulgarian wrote that they know Croatian, Serbian, Montenegrin, Bosnian, Bulgarian and Macedonian, I'd just find that obnoxious.
Ah, that makes sense
I don't really think about them and when I do, I wonder why they haven't been just annexed by their neighbors
So the best thing is to have less friends if you want to be skinny.
Harder then spanish but still not hard
Well, things are looking better now, so let's be hopeful.
28: ireland, Scotland, Wales, England, Northern Ireland, Portugal, Spain, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, Italy, Vatican City, Serbia, Bosnia Herzegovina, Albania, Greece, Poland, Lithuania, Russia, Norway, Sweden, Denmark,Hungary, Austria, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Czech.
(not all of them ofc,but a majority)
The point of the article is that support for the EU is going up, it's not like Serbia is gonna join the EU tomorrow, but the support Is climbing and recovering.
it's not close if he's visiting barcelona or mallorca for example.
Can someone explain what's up with Russian/Serbian/Bulgarian?
Well I was very surprised when I found out that my entire language is a dialect of Bosnian/Serbian despite what they were teaching me for 12 years in school.
I understand it was unfairly taken away and I can understand the bitterness but i hope they can let go sometime.
The most wide spread rakija here is šljivovica, plum brandy
Yes, territory is important, but what is out there is more important than just a piece of land.
Maybe 60% of the vocabulary are words I already know from Serbian and English, and the grammar is very similar to Serbian
You can twist it any way you like.
Kosovo would stay frozen as it is for the time being
Puška, пушка
I mean you speak like you do not know anything about our political situation, not attacking you,just a honest question.
You want to turn Serbia into the North Korea of Europe, isolated and ignored.
Ask America to sell you weapons
At all time high, as far as education goes here, we started some of the most disgusting thing in our history, backed and designed by educated people
Why are there Serbian living in Kososo, why are there Bosnians living in Croatia..
I'd like to hear Croatian story, especially since your president recently said that you were biggest anti fascists during WW2
This survey only included 1403 people, you can't make any conclusions out of that.
Luckily, my family has a tradition of interesting names, so, it wouldn't be entirely far-fetched for us when you think about it
Kosovo is a part of Serbia tho
They even had a little [dress-up party]
So I take it you're eating some store bought factory made Ajvar?
You always get your surname from your father
god damnit, the old europe is the eastern one, not the western.
It was about the soviet communist party
12-year old boy just set a homeless man on fire in Belgrade a day ago.
Hungary also has teritorial tensions with Serbia like they have with most of their neighbours.
There’s a dispute on Vuk Karadžić legacyactually, whether he improved the language or massacred it
Novi Sad is a city of 300k people and I feel completely safe at all times
Ohh you are one of those N1=CNN=CIA i guess.
Ah yes, questions
All the other ones are simply not fulfilling the criteria, either deliberately or not.
I can't be 100% sure, but one of the urban legends I heard was that during the '70 first pornographic movies and magazines from west started appearing in ex YU
Obradovic has votes from nationalists, and Radulovic has the votes from his political movement and others.
Can Kosovars claim Serbian citizenship, since Serbia still sees Kosovo as Serbian?
Tesla is Croat
im not saying her agenda is annoying
I'm good at this one so I go as small countries often, sometimes I try Serbia I once managed to nearly reform the Roman empire as Serbia but then had some massive as coalition go against me that took everything except Constantinople and parts of Asia minor
Lol
The better the life standard the earlier they leave home
But we do have special homemade brandies for holidays, they are usually more than 50% alcohol
As more and more countries leave the EU in the coming years
This flag was sewn after Skanderbeg's principality flag, which had been used more than 400 years earlier.
We call Santa Claus "Deda Mraz" which literally means "the frost granpa".
I could probably scrap up some more, if I shake my brain up a little bit more
Instead of making a peace with them as the defeated side – they were without any good reason pushed across the border – so that they'll settle on the other side as the enemies of everything Serbian, to become the avengers towards those who pushed them from their homes
Happy independence day, our basketball archenemies
Have you been to the world cup in Russia
But you don't have many vehicles compared to others
Average wage in Moldova is around 440 dollars per month and here 410 dollars per month so no
EU sucks at PR or what you would call propaganda
Putin
It might survive, yeah, but without some members
[CiteSeerX] [10
We were the second state in Europe to abolish feudalism btw:))
Do you have any links for that
Ivica Dačić: Serbia made a mistake by recognizing Macedonia under its constitutional name
Serbian FM: We won't join European anti-Russian sanctions
I'm not sure if it's our local thing
Good for them for helping a small state declare independence which only divides the world even.more and even the EU as 5 members don't even recognize it.
For us it is a battle on Kosovo in 1389 against Ottoman Empire
Why did they need Kosovo
Not that people can't come
Also I don't think a country with a monarch that has actual power can be a full democracy
By closing off it's maritime border for Russian navy or cargo ships that can deliver large Russian military equipment to Serbia.
And no, it is not required, many Eu officials stated that recognition of Kosovo will not hinder Serbias EU bid.
Why is that man
To be fair it serves as you healthcare card and other things but basically it's the only thing you have
That sound Slavic as fuck, does anybody know etymologi of this name since France isn't really close to Slavic lands
Milankovitch calendar(Second most accurate calendar in the world)
We also use same word for Shotgun and gun -
In [this letter] he says: "I'm proud of my Serbian heritage and my Croatian motherland.
Not only that, but they were also liberating the upper class of their property and/or lives
”. It is believed that the one that the bride pulls by the nose will be the next to get married
However, I felt as if the people were trying to get as much money out of me as they could.
I'm in France for several months and even in Savoie they thank the driver more often than not
KiM is the souhern state of Serbia known as Kosovo i Metohija
the dutch soldiers asked for help afaik (air support) from the french - but they refused to help.
So, Dodik the second
Really good people besides Greeks our only true friends, interesting fact they are only country that we border that we've never been to war with
air beater*
Anyway, I'm learning German again after having a really terrible professor in elementary school.
Athens was a democracy and in theory only a single polis, but the influence it exerted on its allies as well as other poleis around it could only be described in terms of imperialism.
When Albania join up with Serbia
The original house was from the 1920s, it fell into disrepair, there was a fire, and was finally torn down to the ground, and rebuilt as a replica, with the addition of that glass tower sticking out
The referendum was a vote on being under Serbian tyranny out of Belgrade.
Even Kurir is by an order of magnitude less aggressive.
It was always Macedonia, in all time periods, not just in Ancient times.
No, from South Slavs in Hungary.
Oh I'm not commenting on anything, but we cover "The Serbian Question" in our history course and I'm wondering if my education is actually relevant here.
Also, what did you say about rakija
Nothing different than having a shore.
Wallachian people are usually Serbs with Romanian origin and they're using both serbian and romanian language
if the point is to list names from our country that are not popular in other countries - that's hard.
I have family from a village near Dimitrovgrad and they use some Bulgarian words too
And Serbia will do it to Albania as well.
Croatians weren't satisfied with what they had and wanted to be on equal footing as Serbs by territory even though they were in a minority
Your 3 month stay in ex Yu countries clearly makes you more of an expert in international law than judges of ICC and ICTJ
spanish, italian and portuguese girls are nowhere as attractive as eastern european ones though
Sounds soft (kinda cute), somehow overemphasized pronunciation.
Hvala - thanks
One of the current candidates like Montenegro or Serbia will be the most likely new member of the EU, and even that may be far off in the future (seeing as we're struggling with internal problems right now).
*malo ("a little") -> u****lo****za****ma****nje*
Mc Stojan - La Miami
I assumed so, but the OP confused me because he said it was impossible
Independent Kurdistan, and give the whole zone of international control and the western half of the Italian zone to Greece.
Wonderful boy:)
Generally Slavic languages are pretty similar; most of the time, if you both try hard enough, 2 Slavs can hold a conversation in their languages
What the croats did to the serbs in WW2 was the same what serbs did to the croats.
Not really a gamer but i play occasionally League of legends and cs go.
I had a habit of late night runs and it was nice and quiet with streets mostly empty
So guys,we did it
Holy hell Serbia, double our and Bosnian number?
When your country is shitty and desperate for any outside investment, worker rights are the first to go and people gobble it up because they don't have a choice
I did a quick search in this sub for pride parade.
It's similar to spite, but not quite i think.
Germany was obliged to go against Russia if Russia didn't stop backing Serbia.
Make no mistake -- Trump has made his intentions of closer ties with Russia pretty clear.
When Europeans think of the ravages of WWI, their minds often go to places like the trenches of northeastern France or the fields of Flanders.
Vatican sources on the other hand did the census based on language, which shows a very different picture.
Right now we are back to peaceful protests, this is good as I don't want the government harming inocents
If it’s a name that has a Serbian version, in same situations we use ours
Im wondering why would Serbia go to war with either Croatia or Slovenia, i mean sure Croats and Serbs don't get a long but so don't Croats and Slovenians, and it's mostly political jabbing, not really hostilities.
It's pretty flat which is why I like it over Belgrade (and it's home) so there's no hills and you won't get too tired of walking around
We learn about NDH and how thay commited genocide,and we learn that yugoslavia was also in civil war between ustase chetniks and partizans
It is good to remember not only the muslim Bosnians who lost their lives, but also to know that there where many ethnic Serbian families that wanted nothing to do with the war that where killed anyways in the crossfire and retaliation
As a Serbian
We have a proverb, 'write like it's spoken, and speak like it's written'. We learn it in the first grade of elementary school
Bosnia
They're heavily whitewashed and seen as freedom fighters, mostly because many of them did join the [First Serbian Uprising] in 1804
What genocidal lies
Because they're all south of Italian northern border or...?
Kao slon u staklarskoj radnji
For example a relative of mine.
So they were Serbs, meaning it's a Serbian song.
Yeah, let's believe the China numbers
Faroe Islands looking thicc tho
This is probably a list of the most like and most hated countries
But there are also French, German, Italian and even British people in here.
Siniša: little son
Belgrade (1
So when were first explicitly Serbian settlements in Vojvodina mentioned in sources?
Speaking like that is supposed to be cool
every single footballer of the Spanish primary league has a minimum 129
I live in northern Serbia(Novi Sad,Vojvodina)
Serbians, why is your food so great?
Rane is also one of greatest movies in the last 20 years
10 RSD - 2 shitty bubble gums
The irony of ironies is that media outlets like CNN want to dictate what is fake news and what isn't.
There are rumors that Belgrade has massive undergrounds
Actually onions
Nor we are thinking about it or care for that matter
What genocidal lies
This categorization has been like this for a while.
lol we have those sweet pizzas too.
I don't really speak about this too much, given the fact that these three countries fought a lot in the 20th century
Until Serbia shows commitment by rejecting Russia politically and diplomatically it should be put on hold when it comes to EU.
I just don't understand, there's never been any hatred between Greeks and Serbs, so why are you personally so against us?
Of course, i noticed that "the" shouldn't go there
Its the same for Montenegro and Serbia.
I can understand all South Slavic languages like they're my native language
Then there's Velika Srbija as well.), you use both the Cyrillic and Latin alphabets, your language is almost the same as Croatian and Bosnian.
For example in veterinary ambulance i work in, there are 8 male workers including me
Remarkable man
We go to every country and pick all the protesters up
Oh, and I know the name of the Lithunian president - Dalia, and her surname is something like Gyrboursshdbfistub.
Because Balkans has always been a crossroads between multiple civilizations/empries/religions etc..
I honestly laughed at Orban's proposal to build a fence.
No way around it in couple of decades or even years (these things usually happen overnight)
Not even our own translation of monkey (which would be majmun/мајмун), but a quite literal translation
Eurokrem - Eurokrem is our version of Nutella, but we call every chocolate sauce Eurokrem
Really no pattern
Hopefully someone picks it over here
Modern serbian state is the product of serbian revolution of 18th century and victories in WWI and WWII
Those are the best for starting a brawl
Here it's basically the norm
Jovanovićeva - who is meried to Jovanović
Dude wtf even is a hydralisk
Slovenia fucked with Croatia, Croatia is fucking with Serbia, Serbia will fuck with Montenegro/Bosnia/Kosovo....
it's a joke map
EU4
In a year since I left every beach I used to spend summers on in my small town has become Russian or Chinese property, or private property in general
52% of those interested voted to leave, I don't see the fault of democracy here
And Romania
What are they, savages
Meanwhile Romania had a liberal pro-EU President and Government and was making huge strides in anti-corruption, known corrupted people actually started going to jail.
I think it's more about the customs than than the religion itself
So Iberia and some of the baltics/finland/scandinavia and russia arent Europe
Whaaaaat, that's crazy
My (Serbian) friend once stayed in German hospital and they used to bring him food, meat and whatnot, without bread which is off course the worst thing that can happen to a person
All power to the European people!
Apple Shooting:
But guns are not chicken to have more than 10, or actually even more than 1-2 for that matter.
Amazing band, Szelvesz and Siraly are fucking nuts
The capital has got trams too, and some also use trains to go from city to city, but buses are indubitably 1#
Actually, I can see why you think this since you don't live here, so I thought I'd clarify a little bit.
I just like both languages
Russia's government denies any involvement in those events.
Somehow we are always the bad guys
And many,many more retarded things I've heard about my country
don't worry about it, take it easy :)
The most unknown language is Vlach language (romanian eith a lot of serbian influence)
The same people encouraging on persecution of Armenian civilians in Artsakh and elsewhere within their reach are those who called upon retribution on French people
Serbia claims the region and most countries recognize Kosovo as a region of Serbia but Kosovo is de facto independent
Balkans and Niko Belic
20 years after a genocide that was supposed to be the final conflict in the Balkans.
Jerusalem
Barcelona, London, Venice or Rome, Athens, St Petersburg or Moscow
And there is no reasonable justification for this.
Who would in right mind kill leader of super power at that time.
Black Hand Assassination Hit Squad
Prijatno
Not EU but I believe only citizens should be allowed to vote including citizens living outside the country
Underrated reply
I had to look it up - we eat this all the time but made with milk and sugar
I want all of the ethnicities on Kosovo to live in peace and the governments causing harm to go fuck themselves
I'll add Žalár národov to my Slovak phrase list
Yeah, we learn cyrilic in the 1st grade and latin in the 2nd.
Wasn't there a referendum and more than 60% voted for secession from Yugoslavia?
There's a multiethnic country like Macedonia where 1/3 or sth of the country are minorities & that has seen ethnic violence as late as 2014.
Why the fuck would the Serbs start the war in Serbia?
so he showed up before you told him to come
its not, they just love to make righters seem racist
Those who live in Belgrade and those who don't.
* Not only serbian is shit in game
But that still makes any chance of some spelling competition- impossible; or everyone a winner
Odakle si
Yes a bit because it is so so so complicated and has no rules at all
Italy's guide to Christmas sweets
Ahahah nice turning the subject, really, how smart!
Umm I am pretty sure no one pronounces Scott as "skat". We pronounce Scott and skot the same
Fair enough
In Serbia was asked was i thought about Croats and i told a middle aged man that yeah i liked them nobody treated my badly, he shaked his head and left like he couldn't understand why i didn't think of them as Hitler 2.0.
We already have shit from all over the place
In preschool it's *vaspitačica* (i don't know if there are any men in this position), means "the one who brings you up/ teaches you manners".
Srpska Crnja (Српска Црња) - means Serbian ni*ga
Yeah, why bother having a discussion on a FORUM out of all places when it's much more convenient to read/listen to stuff you agree with.
For example in Romania, there was absolutely NOTHING written in English
It's so difficult to get any real news from across the fence.
It seems like it's a real part of the culture
It would be deeply hypocritical if they did try to block Serbia accession on those grounds.
The Serbian clock-making industry is even older than the world-famous Swiss one
This is true, I was always amazed at how cheap water in Greece is
Uncle can either be "Stric" (from father's side) or "Ujak" (from mother's side)
You can't just cover your eyes and pretend that these issues don't exist.
There's this video for example that shows everything quite good
If it is Russia their might be one or two independent countries,  others none
We barely have trains, not some fancy zone in it
WTF
As you can see from the 6th generation names are almost random, and thus less known for an every day speaker
If EU keeps ignoring this stuff in Croatia, Hitler's rehabilitation might be next.
"But nooo, global warming not exist
#RETAKE CONSTANTINOPLE
In English, I oscillate between a typical posh valley girl and then slip up and slip into a *istern jurop aksent* occasionally
I remember it after the castle
[insert country name] are bigger [insert country name 2] than [insert country name 3]
Similarly we have "šatrovački" and it also reverse the order of syllables
Happens also to [us] but only in December and January.
It's not illegal as in the middle-eastern countries, and it's not liberal as in Amsterdam
Jesus that's a lot for a place with only 1k people
Still, can't understand why were people so heated to escalate the conflict in to the total war in Balkan.
He was being sarcastic by playing the stereotypical dumb American.
Long story bro
and here is our minister reading english with serbian phonemes
Seriously though my friend is a Croat and his mother always makes a shitload of food and forces us to eat until we are more than full and than some because you don't want to be rude, same goes for a Serbian friend and his family.
How I see from other answers, I believe it's just bad luck
yet i assume you support kosovo's Independence from serbia, but not crimea's from ukraine?
Taking into account the prison conditions, I rather be imprisoned for life in a Dutch or Danish prison than 40 years in a Serbian prison.
Rampant inflation available via DLC.
How do I feel about a guy who in WW1 marched with the Croatian home guard with Austro - Hungary towards Serbia, lived and then proceeded to imprison my county in that communistic stupidity kicking the real elite society from their homes and moved in his generals and communist party officials?
Things like: Sprav mi deti
Austrougarska
They didnt follow either the catholic or easterm orthodox churches
A general was a soldier at some point....
They come from Syria, I think they have seen enough violence by now...
Their official title is "Republic of Kosovo." They are no longer a part of Serbia.
Podzemlje (underground) or Lepa sela lepo gore (pretty village pretty flames)
SpongeBob is probably the only piece of media ever where I prefer the dub to original
Good to know that we aren't the only ones
Skip to 1804, first uprising, we do good, but Napoleon invades Russia; so we loose, but then we fight again in 1814, and win, and cultural and national renesance, language standardised, wars with Turks and constantly fearing Austria
actually Neumann didn't event the computer, he invented the architecture the modern computer uses
A kontam sada, e to zavisi od porodice jer ne mora nuzno da znaci da ce im otac dati slavu
Russia didn't also, but they feel closer to their values than they do to Americas.
Serbia is still so retro...move on guys, move on finally.
Look, Serbia will eventually recognize Kosovo.
Communists win, liberated, Yugoslavia 2
Whatever gets you clicks and money really, the media is just dirty and the people eat it up.
You'd be surprised by how people on here love generalizing people by their nationality/ethnicity, and the worst part is the upvotes it gets.
I'll probably stick to one of the big companies anyway, as they have the most pick up/ drop off locations, and it doesn't end up being too expensive.
Most of the heroin here comes from Albania/Kosovo paths, which comes from Turkey.
Do you have a reliable source for Serbian music charts?
I was simply replying to czelabinsk.
Russian ally Syria was subverted.
Most people just don't care about it and are looking for a way to get out of their awful living conditions.
Legalized
Serbian would be a better comparison instead of Russian language but you have a valid point about it.
And ofc most people don't work today and tmw :)
I understand their pain, I had to go through the same things when most of my family was killed on Kosovo or by NATO bombs
I don't see your point
• You also completely neglected to mention that Croatians got exactly what they wanted in the end in the form of Banovina of Croatia but that wasn't enough for them
ah that explains why a lot of serbian products have the notations in albanian too
The most pro-Russian country in Europe (except maybe Serbia).
Yeah maybe it's not the best time for Serbia to join now but EU isn't anywhere near to collapsing.
The ideology he fought against has been rehabilitated completely.
Here you can see people who notice a church, or a part of a church, or a pixel, and they cross themselves
Kosovo
From 630/780 (depends who you ask) until 1459 (important note although in early period we were mostly independent and kinda doing our own thing, we were as well briefly occupied or annexed by Byzantines or Bulgarians for some short periods, this as well includes all Serb inhabited states like Raška, Duklja, Travunija and Paganija)
What do dragons eat anyway
It is not just about free trade.
I dont think it is, no
Most of this territory was indeed Paeonia a place where illyrian tribes had once lived.
Имаш ли проблем са ћирилицом?
Romania has 2 friends
I though that was something all Orthodox Christians did, but it turns out that's a very specific thing unique to our culture
[ISBN] [978-0-333-66612-8] Retrieved 21 June 2011
And befor you say, no, there is no continuity between Nemanjić dynasty and modern ones
According to some things I have read, those areas can be a little bit dangerous or sketchy.
Why lol
How do they expect that from people that have only been out of college for a few years, and when the rent prices are ridiculously high (€1500/mo MINIMUM for a two bedroom in my area).
They are an unavoidable part of education,generally well known , but rarely anyone knows anything about our contemporary poets, with a few exceptions, nobody pays any mind to them.
As a result of that I want to welcome FYR Macedonia, Serbia, Hungary, Slovakia and Moldova into the Great Mediterranean Family!
Of course, I've got plenty of female friends and dude friends and we all hang out with each other
More like embracing kebab's money.
Pretty much after WW2(modern age) borders are to remain the same-you cant use middle ages argument to get teritory you once possesed.
They're not gonna buy a new picture of Pristina just because.
Agree
The same reason as the Netherlands: to pretend there is a global rule of law that prevents war crimes.
Also, only NATO country that didn't bombard us in 1999
Because I had the completely opposite experience and see few online who don't support Bashar
Serbia as one of the guarantees of Dayton would not want this to happen, because it would mean trouble for everybody.
Far low % of Serbs to generalize on whole population
Since the unification with Yugoslavia and especially since the creation of Serbia, the Hungarian people have been segregated and provoked
Once you do get the gun, you have to pay ridiculous taxes just for owning it, which most people cannot afford
There is a unwritten law which in short says:,,Any one deemed a cannibal is automatically killed
Even if nobody "stepped" up it would taint them as a genocidal nation just like Germany and Serbia are for example.
People in Serbia know about this and dont deny it.
In front of himself he sees a destroyed, completely decimated and weaker than ever Germany
this sounds like pseudoscience
1918 King Alexander ditches the idea of Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovene, instead kingdom of Serbia expands only into territories with majority / significant Serbian population
Not just bosnia and not just doctors
Duisburg really is depressing
Novak Djokovic, Marina Abramovic, Mihajlo Pupin, Vlade Divac, Mila Jovović (half Serbian) and Nikola Tesla.
I don't know man, I love Hungarian cuisine, I still haven't tried anything I didn't like
If only we Bosniaks could build a wall for Croatia and Serbia on the Bosnian border, it would be lovely.
We use 2 alphabets (Cyrillic and Latin)
But then we see that two Russians said to be organizers of the plot are reported to be GRU agents.
On top of this the mainstream media (like CNN, MSNBC, BBC, the Guardian) that pretends to be a legitimate source quite often spreads fake news as well.
[some people were not happy about this map i made]
Izuzetak: bolnica (jedino ovo mi pada na pamet)
How in the fuck are there so much protests
4) I've seen too many maps with Serbia having, what, a gun for every third person, which is idiotic
Realistically speaking Putin still does karate, plays hockey and was a KGB agent so likely him
If war ever breaks out in the balkans again it will be because Serbia is never satisfied with what it has
We all know Serbia is #1 in kebab removal sports.
There's plenty of museums to visit and places to check out and especially it's a city where people like to relax a lot so spending a lot of time in a coffee shop during the winter is great
Each room has a portrait or a ruler
After each great ruler, you get one stubborn warmongering, keep that in mind :)
I cuvajte se od virusa
We have never been flower of transparency and efficiency but what is happening in past 8-10 years is just ridiculous
From there we lose again and become part of the russian bloc.
In elementary school, there were 6 classes in each grade, and we have 8 grades of el
Serbia plz get into EU ASAP Finland and Czech need you to support us on gun policy.
Belgrade means White City, and, well
Tesla, for example, was born in Austrian Empire, modern-day Croatia and is counted as Serbian.
It was the flag the collaborationists used during the 2
Also croatian has very few accents, so that can't be either.
Big yikes from me
Sorry to bust your bubble but neither of those are Croatian inventions
In Serbian we call it "puškica" which is deminutive form of "puška"
No, no
Sellotape - Cellux
From Serbia, we call you our orthodox brothers sometimes
Serbia's livin' the Eastern Europe life.
It depends, here on Balkans changes were so constant one simply can't choose one for all periods
My point is that it's not equal situations.
My Serbian neighbour always greets me like that in the morning, what a great guy I can tell he likes me.
Nazi Germany attacked other nations, the Kosovo war was an inner Serbian war.
Assuming I had job, Finland, Serbia or Russia.
Which ones arent and which were
And of course nothing similiar ever happened, because you have magic powers, you can clap and Serbs dissapear, am I right?
If Russia just gave up on him, he would stop his bullshit and realize that Kosovo is independent now.
tfw no friends so you have to build snowman
Mutual intelligibility is around 25%, then add how familiar someone is with the language.
Y'all ever seen Podgorica
In fact I live in Western Europe and there's a Turkish grocery store around the corner selling Turkish coffee, but the only brand they have is Serbian Turkish coffe, and I as a Serb am buying it from the Turks who drink tee.
I contacted Netherlands embassy in my country and they responded with usual strict answer that there is rule about 3 months passport.
We know exactly what "deda" what "pradeda" what "čukundeda" etc
If the glass breaks, it is said that she will birth a boy
Also there are a lot of places in Serbia with things written in Latin
New Year is usually spent with friends tho (like partying and that stuff), and Christmas is a very close familly day with usually no presents, but usually expensive feast takes place, its sort of like US Thanksgiving (tho some people still go to party for Christmas, which is nonsence)
After WW1, Istria went under Italian control.
Well in Serbia the blend is actually a lot different and it's VERY roasted (unlike Bosnian blends, which are rather traditional and more like Turkish blends), so the best Serbian coffee is made by definitely boiling your water, then adding coffee, and then boiling through until most of the foam is integrated into the beverage.
The only thing I would be asking in that moment is...
Anyone want to take a stab at a tl.dr of the lyrics?
West Bulgaria
Since Kosovo and Serbia are safe country of origin Germans say "No, go fuck yourself."
The Orthodoxy community is very tight and almost always back each other.
If you'd ask any used car dealer in Serbia, 2000 was practically yesterday.
Well, Serbian PM's narrative is almost completely contradictory to the Montenegrin.
The man was born in Croatia (even if Croatia was part of the Austrian Empire, it was still Croatia), lived his early life there, went to school in Croatia and even himself said he was proud of his Croatian motherland.
Yes its true, in my fathers village one woman almost killed her doughter with that tea
If you mean Kosovo's independence, 1
There was nothing chauvinistic in my statement.
The rest is suburban municipalities
As of 1 December 2016, the Republic of Kosovo has received 114 diplomatic recognitions as an independent state.
Hirohito is often left out by you guys who like to compare Stalin to Hitler
[Kingdom of Serbia (pre WW1 Serbia)] Just looks the best in my opinion
Portuguese sound like Spanish except the person talking is having a stroke
Thank god we aren't in EU yet
Serbia, however, has further to go.
We are not as backward as everyone thinks
Serbia - Croatia would be bigger one i guess
I'd love to live in Greece
How did the whole separation of Montenegro from the rest of Serbia begin?
It generally probably will be quite cold so dress warmly
That's why the levels are low in Turkey; people don't read books voluntarily.
Sprska wants to switch to Serbia?
Ahh yes, I used to draw pictures like this in Art classes
Solstafir are great, Fjara and Bitch in Black being my favorites
We are talking about sovereign nations that can decide which organisation they join be it NATO or EU.
The only part of Serbia that is functional is Belgrade, and even belgrade is run by corrupt/mafia tied people...
Victoria 2: Usually some great power or European secondary power, mostly France or Germany
In Vojvodina, the northern part of Serbia, some traditional male names end with "-ica"(-itsa), which is a generally a diminutive suffix.
So, feelings are conflicted
Hearts of Iron 4: haven't played it much, only tried one game with Germany so far
I'm sure that the man in that position deserves to burn in hell, if that place exists, but not to be sent in this maner
Yeah this works for Serbia just as well lmao
Basically like every other eastern European country
Stupid question, in Croatian Alps
The don't believe in God, they just like the traditions that are big part of Serbian culture
Unless you were talking about something other than looks?
they gave coffee to the entire Europe technically
i think there are some internships for vocational schools in the field of your profession but they last very shortly.
Our schools have a big amount of students, and you can't just put them all in the school at the same time
F-Fenomenal times you spend with your friends
Worst of all, all fears of Serbia are unwarranted
O (about i guess i dont really know)
More and more young people are starting to do this here and this is excellent bc a lot go aboard and get better deals
There were many but they're gone for variety of reasons as its wooden
I think it's more about the customs than than the religion itself
I mean I go to Slovenia I can understand them to some degree, I go to B&H again no problem, Serbia - piece of cake, Hungary - WTF?
Turns out hamburgers are an American food to you
I think you are posting in the wrong thread, lad.
I am so tired of this endless anti-gun propaganda.
So, useful to know
Again, playing victim and trying to paint a lie.
You're wrong mate Aleksandar Vučić himself had a meeting with the tectonic plates
I can completely understand Croatian, Bosnian and Montenegrin
Started in Barcelona, flew to Venice, then made our way through Slovenia, Bosnia, Serbia, Albania, Macedonia, Bulgaria, and ending up in Bucharest.
In ancient world: ancient Greece and Roman empire specifically Roman republic
Serbs just don't live in the North either, there are other parts of Kosovo that are Serbian majority and until aftermath of the war most cities had a significant Serbian population.
Most of the guns people own are from Yugoslav times, and it probably just sits on some attic
"The Consolidation of Albanian Nationalism". Page 18: "The pasha of Ipek forcibly removed Catholic inhabitants of northern Albania into the plains of southern Serbia after a failed Serb revolt in 1689 and the flight of many Serbs to the Habsburg Empire
Mar Adentro is amazing
it's said with a smile though and a hefty dose of alcohol follows after that, just good natured joshing.
This happened ten years ago, but that was a good cauldron
I don't think that's considered a middle name in the same sense as in some western countries, hence why I didn't mention it
I mean we are starting to rebuild from NATO aggression slowly so I hope it will be better
Being Orthodox christian and Serbian was seen as the same thing back then by the Serbian church (I guess that's still the case today).
Kosovo, Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine is even hard to predict with the frozen conflicts, their internal politics don't help either.
He is Serbian and always will be no matter how much you deny it.
Not that it will make nationalists think twice.
The most far people go is ‘agnosticism’ . That’s gen Z mostly and gen X, boomers can be atheist since many of them were communist
Judging from the name, is it a polluted slum
They'd get along even nicer if your government would recognize their autonomous rights.
Ofc Poland had to be the outlier in the Slavs with their fmzceking es, ms, and zs
but the situation is better than Greece or Serbia
It could be said that there was some ground work for potentially doing that in mid 14th century
nor the lgbt defenders
still, it has 2x more details than today's flags
It was the state polls who were completely off to the point where experts gave Trump about a 1.5% of winning the election in some cases.
An underperforming entry-level employee who tells his family he's a team leader in his department who can't get a raise because his boss hates him
Hiatza grod während du mit mir so deppat umanadaredst hul i schu meine Komarodn vom Blosmusiverein, und dei IP wird grod im moment zruckverfulgt, olso richt di schuamol her, wal wir richtln da di Wadln glei, du blede sau.
in old days (pagan) it was belived to you can only be Hexed/cursed if the one who is casting it on you know your name, so 1st presone who gave you name was not your parents it was close persone to them (today its equivalent to godfather), and that persone would be only one who knows your name, later parent picked name that they and other people called you by
Actual list
Man, you guys are really pathetic.
Many Serbians probably died during their flight to Greece (flight as from fleeing, not from taking Ryanair planes) too I imagine.
Our ancestors are very important for us
One of the first civilisations was in Serbia (located in lepinski Vir)
Inshallah I suppose
It isn't their insignia, it's just a bunch of troops posing with that flag in the background.
Is it a bit much IRA posting for r/Europe?
Now it usually snows only few times per winter and it melts pretty fast
Slovenia: Serbian/Bosnian burek && čevapčiči
You can write only in Cyrillic
Croats use it sometimes in a derogatory manner, Montenegrins and Bosnians, even Montenegrin and Bosnian Serbs, sometimes refer to Serbs from Serbia as "Serbians " (Srbijanci) which is not flattering at all IMHO
She was scared someone would be rude or mean to me about the war.
"For them" and reality
Well then go to the US, nobodys stopping you, Balkans would be more peaceful if anything.
It honestly all depends and I'm not an expert in the topic
No no they are all for democracy, people deciding etc
Why do you think some Albanians did that to them in the first place?
Part of the story is from a 2 year old article and a part is from a person on Twitter claiming social services are currently asking around if children have been vaccinated
He just has to finish his masters which is soon now
Most of the people laughed their asses off
The national assembly chooses the PM who has the executive power.
Though relation between assistants and students is usually more relaxed, as they are closer to us in age.
Really
I got reminded and instantly got suicidal thoughts
Looks like Hungarians and Bulgarians use it as well
Wasn't Serbia claiming it is a neutral country since 2007?
I wouldn't call it a dictatorship yet, but it's becoming one
she is fucking annoying
"Pičkovci" Cuntville
I thought it was a 3d rendering at first
So, useful to know
I didn't even mentioned the word "Serbia", I said Yugoslavia
And apparently dying in the mountains.
a Pole said to me that he considers Gavrilo Prinicip a hero dont know how Germans and Austrians gonna feel about him tho
jokes on you, we actually demolish half of our cities when we protest!..pls help.
Where in Croatia does it get used the most
Everyone grew up with an idea of self-reliance, brotherhood and unity and non interventionism (especially not taking sides in the cold war).
You are forced to read literature in class, but you aren't forced to read it after you graduate.
There's no reason to deny any non-Serb descent of Tesla whatsoever.
The same however can be said about how some Croatians support or supported certain politicians that were heavily responsible for the deaths of many people and where many people were forced to leave their homes in the 90s. I am talking about Franjo Tudman and politicians like him
[*Catholics and Sultans: The Church and the Ottoman Empire 1453–1923*] Cambridge: Cambridge University Press
Yeah, unfortunately I never visited Bucharest, but I imagine the two are very similar
Montenegro doesn't have a highway
I’m sick of all the stuff happening on Kosovo
Even their reddit is not free :/
Yeah, you should be fine using a card at most places in the Balkans (I'm speaking from experience in Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Serbia).
As opposed to 10% in the whole population...
Having spent quite a lot of time in Serbia, I haven't noticed any particularly great pro-Russian sentiment.
The Balkans part I can understand bc most of us migrate to the region's there like Vienna or Gratz but can some explain the hillbilly part lol
"Ze je za zemljotres što sve ruši"
How Le Pen got a Russian megaphone?
Typically they were summarily executed
I have never met a croat who could string tigether a sentince in Montenegrian, let alone grasp the conplexety of Serbian.
Unlike politicians who made the problem in the first place.
Well by banning every Kurdish party i see no other option for the Kurds to voice their concerns and demands.
Side note: i can't really count times when Serbia was part of Yugoslavia, since Yugoslavia was mostly Serb dominated, especially Kingdom of Yugoslavia
It's not like they voluntarily (most of them) joined Ottomans.
Community of Serbian Municipalities should be formed "by Serbs, not by Albanian politicians"
In all, 392 sites were documented.
But don't act like the US wasn't involved in the ousting of your autocrat.
Bulgaria as well
If Serbia goes in EU first it will blackmail or block Bosnia further.
Serbian language is mainly divided to 3 dialects
I wouldn't say that Musk wants to save earth from global warming, yes some of his ideas and projects are good and will help the environment, but in the end he's there for money
Serbs, as a people, did not cooperate with the Ottomans, outside of a few regional lords who were forced to act as vassals for a period of time.
omfg
But generally speaking Serbia probably matters to Russia little correct, in terms of global scale , but I've seen online that the people are closer rather than the governments.
Sorry for not being clear enough :D
I need to visit Serbia one day to get to know you better guys, 'cos now for uninformed you're like a war-hungry putin fanboys somewhere in the mountains (except basketball, of course, it's always a pleasure to play against you (and to win it too, haha)).
There are roman baths in the center of my city of Čačak
so he showed up before you told him to come
No, no one uses generational names
Croatia didn't exist as a country at the time.
Have a little [Serbian culture] in return.
It's zigzaged
Because it is not EU job to do something about this.
Not to mention that we were criticized for erecting a wall with Serbia, when Austria later did the exact thing but with Slovenia.
Servia seems to be everywhere except Serbia.
I know some Serbs that took hungarian citizenship and left for EU.
I still hope you people are just saying that Serbs were the bad guys just cus u hate us,but you should know the actual thruth
Just don't let sncf anywhere near this network
Our minority policy was horrible.
You can hate me if you want to, but unlike you, I don't judge people based on their nationality and what their governments do
Who Will Run the House:
The size of Danube in the village of Dalj, Croatia-Serbia border
Nah we're pretty okay with you if you ask me
But I don't even think this is the case here, I think most of the expulsions weren't local skirmishes at all, they were ordered from high ranking generals
Fiendens dom är här
And you slaughtered over 600k Serbs,Jews,Roma and even other Croats?
Škembići are awesome
By 'bilingual' I just mean enough to understand them, yknow
When Kosovo was still part of Yugoslavia, Wahhabism was non-existent.
My uncle lives in Skënderaj/Srbica and as we were going through the City a friend from my uncle drove by and we got into the Car, I remeber that man drove like crazy, as if he'd be running from the Cops (like everyone in the balkan).
I think we are among top ten countries in the world regarding the corruption
Where, link me the part of the article that days that Serbs from Serbian and montenegrin JNA invaded Bosnia, it only says that Bosnian Serb part of JNA was reformed to Army of Republika Srpska.
Thus they became hairy-soled people
Wait, we have this culture
Interestingly, Milošević was also a Montenegrin (at least in terms of roots).
That we are all mafia and that it is very dangerous to live here
100 kilos pig, 200 kilos grease - joke about people from my city, rest of Serbia says we lie a lot
"Za je za zapaliti svet"
In norvegian helvete means hell
No need to be a dick despite having a shit attitude.
>Remove some of Serbia from Yugoslavia, but like, not all of it
>Serbia wrapped around Macedonia and bordered Greece in the west
They are cancer and the entire nation is suffering because of it.
Make sure to use the next possible opportunity, you won't be disappointed
ironic considering you live in a country where people are more likely to be shot by policemen because they're black.
Just learn a bit of the language, and most importantly respect: the people,the country, the history
If there is good translation yes
Capitals, however, are different story
"Everyone does it" is just too prevalent here.
Yeah, I see a lot of that now here in kids who are maybe 16-20 years old, and I hope the young young kids somehow avoid the generation of shit and idiocy
Russia doesn't care about Serbia.
Every health center that performs check ups on school and uni students does that.
and you bring up what Serbia did in the 90s
Hot >30°C
So Serbia isn't even in the EU and its already getting a taste of that lovely EU grant money.
Imagine being put in a meat processing machine
A mostly flat agricultural region with sprawling golden fields everywhere.
A lot even come back here
Ironically more and more lawyers are in demand since now ya basically, at least here, almost all the time ya need a lawyer to do some shit like check yer contract, make the contract, represent ya and whatnot
I think that could work for both of us quite well.
One of the trends of globalization is the increasing erosion of sovereignty of nations.
But i do have [This]
I have two passports so if I end up doing Serbia and Kosovo I'll probably bring both and use them separately, but thanks for the advice!
Europe is doing really well, but not all layers of population are feeling it still, and many people simply have expectations that are not really realistic.
Nothing else comes to mind, majority of places I remember are by associating them with an object or a person
We're not even in the EU, but I hope you'll allow me to chime in.
Edited the comment
The  outcome of the  XIV Congress of the League of communists of Yugoslavia
If someonr invites me to come over at 8pm they get unpleasantly surprised if I come before 8:30 and are like "dude
I guess being armed and trained by the biggest/best military on the planet just isn't important
More probably it's a male version of Tijana/Tiana, which is a Slovene version of Serbian/Croatia Tihana.
We are still weary when the idiot comes at the forefront and starts saying some unsettling shit
Are you comparing Serbia to Hitler?
7% literate, 15
We were always allies (WW2 is an exception) and they are one of the rare EU and NATO countries that don't recognize triggerland
According to some sources in Serbia, the coup was real and it was organized by Albanian Turks.
How else am I supposed to know the horrible extent to which I'm being underpaid
You know a lot of those churches, especially the oldest ones were catholic churches turned orthodox after the Ottomans came in.
that list doesn't show properly how widespread smoking is because average cigarettes smoked per smoker could be higher for some countries and that would bring the whole average up even if their smokers' numbers aren't as proportional.
Roki Vulovic
Do you know anything about that?
Don't really know what you are talking about
Freedom of speech=/= freedom from criticism.
There are on rules for slavic languages
You're allowed to have a family there, as opposed to
And judging by their words it was not desirable to be a religious person in Communist Yugoslavia
It's the European version of howdy neighbor
[Rasti, rasti] - medival Serbia
WW2 time, occupied in 2 weeks, but nope, for we are used to rebelling at this point, so we fight germans, and civil war at the same time
When news like this rise up usually it's a smokescreen or a distraction from something else though.
Serbia to get Russian fighter jets to counter NATO threat
You can be polite and say "thank you", but it is also ok not to
Also what cunts, our language is fine thank you very much
We did have snow fall, but everything would melt instantly so it was basically like rain
when you say people, it’s implying that all Serbian people support Slobodan Milosevic and politicians like him which is false
Da, na to misli, ni ja nisam odmah skapirala
If serbian products are sold in kosovo it obviously means the competition products aren't good enough to overcome them.
Serb
Germany: Nemačka
*Disclaimer: in modern language, those two are not defined as anybody's property
And - i
Which is a more than fair thing to do.
I am proud for you Bulgarians here in Serbia protest lasted few days only
People here find it as a meaning of communication.
It's chaotic and a pain to live in, but exciting as hell
His attitude was shared by most of the senior officers of the Serbian army
Norway joining the EU is not probable at all, and Switzerland even less so (Iceland is far down the probability ranking as well).
What you said is true, but also one of the reasons Serbs wanted to keep Yugoslavia was that all Balkan Serbs were in one country.
And, whoever catches it should be the next to get married
We met through Dota 2 and Yodi league
In my school there are four years of studying
Oh great, I'll have to try it
Well from this map at least it looks like Servia covers a large chunk of Bosnia, Montenegro and western Serbia.
How distinct is it from Serbian?
Except the quality of life there, I like how fun it is, always something happening and people are awesome
Its human nature to needlessly obsess about belonging on various levels from workplace cliques to local politics to national politics to religion to language to race (sigh).
well that's more understandable
but that was years ago, now they are the most friendly and don't even think for war.
Mi nemamo 'y' u latinici
The fact that Italy has a slow grow doesn't mean that we have the "worse economy", we still have a 2 trilion gdp, bigger than Russia for comparison Serbia has a 42 bilion gdp
>Serbian police and protesters, angered by the announced lockdown over the weekend, have clashed outside of the country's parliament building in Belgrade
British isles always have almost no wildlife
German and Russian sound cool to me
sweden wasn't in the eastern block lmao
Its not pronaunced Skaat at all its skot
Shame
If our military didn't exist, then who would stop Russian or China from doing whatever they want?
Do you think it's safe for a Serb to visit during the summer?
I'm in Novi Sad Serbia, my boyfriend felt it a bit (he thought he was falling off the bed), I didn't feel a thing and slept through, though I slept through when the city brigdges were being destroyed by bombarding '99 too, so that doesn't mean I lot
You choose between Religious education and one other subject about society and stuff
I think Cyrillic is in great danger now, and in my opinion we should write on the most beautiful alphabet more
worth every buck spent for the US
Absolutely, women are especially pressured to have kids before they're in their late 30s
You're definitely shorter than us, but not by this much.
Very tall
I thought so too, but after talking to some Chinese, Bata Živojinović movies *are a thing*, especially among the older generation.
Balkan history is deeply correlated with it's geostrategic position, which was between (at the time) powerful Middle East and Western Europe
But 1) that's set as a long term goal, meaning they don't focus on it; 2) their commitment to it appears to be vague
Bosniaks were even more secular than you.
It's for general education, we call it "gimnazija".
i don't think i've received more than 3 legit receipts in greece.
" While my other grandpa kept talking how much of a blast he had working in Germany in the 80s. So who knows
Have a good day
unless they catch you with *the* wrong plant
We'll eventually reunite Yugoslavia in Germany
People who need to know English they do know it, for example managers and cashiers, but regular people rarely
But it's Zoom
Last year i was in Sunny Beach me and my visited Nesebar, one younger waitress didn't knew what pivo/piva was, we forgot you guys call beer bira
Saša Matić, the Serbian Stevie Wonder, is stopping by all the places here with significant diaspora communities.
Oh fuck off Slovenia and Romania, we should be best in the region
Insulation and isolation
And all of them have a lot of exceptions
What needs to be understood is that this time is not about Christianity itself, but rather about having a strong anti-force against Islamic threat
- Food is also good , while the variety isn't really there , traditional Serbian restaurants are amazing
What comes off as superiority is more of a warning due to lessons learned from European history itself
Usually if they want to get really offensive, they call Croats, catholic Serbs, and bosnikas, Muslim Serbs
Which doesn't contribute to the debate at hand.
French Guiana is a full department of France though.
People are tired of living on the outskirts of the European community.
I did a quick calculation and we definitely drink over 2.5kg
It's annoying, just sit down and let's talk, the food is fine
Baffling
On the other hand you have Serbia, where I made friends with people I met on the train or during a concert.
An acquittal does not mean innocence.
Dimitrije Ljotić on the other hand is our biggest traitor by far, he and his men slaughter Serb, Roma, Jew civilians right there with the Nazis
Edit: 85% of Serb citizens view themselves as orthodox christians
>Umm I am pretty sure no one pronounces Scott as "skat
He frogoten his hat lol
(what about the sarajevo guy/gal
A Serb, a Croat, Bosnian Muslim (Hijab Free and went to prom with a non Muslim), Punjabi, Bulgarian, Brazilian, Phillipino and through in a few Jewish girls.
Yes we play that game too
both of you secretly know that you want something with us...
They look ugly
A state of mind where everything is just right
The press is much more tightly controlled by the Russian government than in the US.
Engineering; again a no brainer since our best uni is the Electical Tehnical Faculty where most of our engineers go, if ya go there you also get offered a job pretty much by the 2and or 3rd year and I do mean that literally
However your kinsmen constantly mocking us during numerous public occasions for our culture IS chauvinism.
It was named that because the fortress looked white from the river
Fixed it
While I have met older people from Western Serbia who speak Ijekavian, I must say that all of my college friends from that area (Prijepolje, Priboj, Užice) spoke Ekavian
When the Empire fell they tried to sieze land
I remember this from Wingman CSGO
the US should never have gotten visa-free access
Allegedly, he states such thing in Senate
And Kosovo closer to Nigeria than to Serbia.
Austrian then, it was even given a status of a free city by Maria Theresa
What, in Serbia when someone is even trying to speak our language we get so excited someone is even trying so we continue talking to them in our language
The problem is that then the following would happen:
So are a lot of names for countries and regions that are used today.
JUST NO
But actually Moldova should be an appealing destination for Romanians, no?
Maybe in law, but my country Croatia is nowhere near Sweden when it comes to opinion of common people about gay population.
Just don't let sncf anywhere near this network
Yes, I understand they are essentially a US colony/protectorate but all other functions they can handle.
I live in Australia and nobody has it
isnt that "most"?
Like the Berlin Wall, the border on Drina will also fall.
Hey, yeah I can see how those two might seem contradictory.
Well he was an intelligent ruler, gotta give him credit for that
I learned when I was 6 or 7, and before that I was riding it with those extra 2 wheels
Waffles, Brussels and Wallonia and Flanders
Would like to visit very much, especially Tara and Žabljak Durmitor.
No coast even in imaginary maps
It's not just Serbia that is playing with fire (and Moscow), but also Bosnian Serbs.
And not to say ekavica/ijekavica speakers trying to speak the other one: adding j or removing it when it shouldn't be done and so on
Slavs in most stuff, yes, but also talkative, expressive, touchy and family/honor obsessed in general
One word:
Besna Kobila (mountain) = angry mare
Yeah, jealous gets used instead of envious (not the other way round, though) like in English
Yeah, good luck explaining it to my grandma
Well 6th is cristams eve so yes, but not for same raasone as you
Far more recently, in the 1990s, merely two decades, not two centuries ago, Serbia committed horrific genocide against the Muslim population in Bosnia.
But, no country recognizes Russian Crimea, while Kosovo is 50/50 so it's a bigger dispute that way
>The Balkans get upset over things that from my perspective are just stupid
Yes I know tito was killing Serbs and I can't forgive him
First I moved to England now I live in Hungary.
It is not shocking at all
Serbia can decide if it does when the time comes, currently more people are in favour than against.
Serbian passport is pretty good, imo, considering everything
Serbs living in Bosnia cannot "go back to Serbia" because they're from Bosnia.
Serbia Marks 14th Anniversary of PM Djindjic’s Murder
Around 80,000 Bosniaks died during the war, only 10% of those deaths were due to genocide.
The US was always pro-Kosovo and the bombing of Serbia and Montenegro in 1999.
Was the same in Serbia/The Balkans until recently...
I knew what *bairn* was beforehand and *tryst* as well, but I didn't know it meant marriage in Scots
Ah, going for coffee, the thing which solves all problems in our region
your county genocided hundreds of native american cultures.
Actually, the Austrian right-wing party FPÖ is actively supporting the Serbian community in Vienna.
Though tensions are high in Serbian sport right now.
I don't know about Serbia, but Greeks are christian only "on the paper", no one goes to church here except old people.
I grow up next to the Serbian Cemetery of the Fallen Serbian soldiers who helped during the Balkan wars.
Popularly known as Tamnica naroda
Kek nobody said anything about being similar with them, but you do foster good relations
It's a nice piece of history
Sorry, but how the fuck is Moscow on par with Morocco
The earliest Serbian Census data is from 1915 and showed a 70% Albanian majority.
Nah writing in cyrilic cursive is SO much easier and faster that its a reason enough to keep it
The larvae develop in the mud for as long as three years before hatching
Apart from Banja Luka image of course.
Hey, at least we didn’t stole your Transylvania
No, it is still the same language.
Plus you cant compare tiny 4 million people croatia to 30 million people venezuela, much larger country.
Ahh yes, I used to draw pictures like this in Art classes
legalize cannabis then make tobacco and alcohol illegal
so saying it was illegal is a baseless lie
If they can afford to give such ludicrous salaries to individuals, they can be taxed more
It's kinda obvious that Putin is using Serbia to discredit EU and NATO at every chance he gets.
In my class of 23, 5-6 of us chose RE
Do not
So all of Yugoslavia is more or less Serbia because some serbs live there?
And it would die 51 years later, after starting WWI by declaring war on Serbia and losing it.
10-15 years ago, people in Slovenia were joking that Serbia will join the EU only to see it fall apart.
7th January
They didn't get anywhere
I crossed the street - Prešao sam ulicu
Maybe but we still need to invest in some more content, this is practically in the middle of nowhere
I swear I imagined us all as a tribe in the Amazon rain forest
So journalists don't do crime in rest of the Europe
The sad part of the story is that the same people responsible for the genocide and aggression against the Serbian neighbors are still in Serbian parliament.
Was Wondering If You Guys Could Help Me A Little With Planning A Trip!
ITT: people having problems with the freedom of speech.
Ours is called "God of Justice" (Боже Правде/Bože Pravde)
Same could be said for a lot of EU countries, I imagine.
Ill def check it out soon
When Bosniaks in south-western Serbia are accused of something in front of court they just ask for a translated indictment and a "Bosniak-language court interpreter" and get acquitted for crime due to lack of translation/lack of Bosniak language major interpreters cuz court cant find anyone willing to work that job.
Context is four wars against Bulgarians since their independence (which is one more than against Croatians, hehe).
This is in fact comon knowldge.
Ahhh, the western Balkans
Nobody thought it'd be fitting to put ancient greek philosophers as their teachings is what the western world is bases upon.
Republika Srpska was created after the end of the war.
I'm sorry, what
If you know anything about the balkans youll know Montenegro's worst kept dirty little secret is that the PM is one of the most corrupt fuckers in the balkans.
There are slim chances EU will survibe this
Oh, i agree, that one is much better than both.
We also have an expression with a toponym - "Tunguzija" - which refers to the Evenkiysky District in Russia
A few Serbian soldiers are also taking part in the NATO-led exercise in Montenegro that includes fighting floods and chemical attacks.
Top eleven: football manager
Oh, definitely
Even for longer parties
Leading the way:
Since I started using English excessively, going back to my mother tongue feels like stepping from a simple one plus two to incomprehensible equations that solves problems of gravity and mass at superluminal speeds
So i dont think those statements are made to gain political points by the Serbian patriot voters.
An Apple for the Men:
If Ukrainians didn't start violence towards Russian speaking population, then things could've played differently.
was largely unconquered by the Ottomans.
167–168
Muslims are pouring into the continent in millions, so you can see how this is a reasonable concern.
Expelling 850,000 Albanians systematically, removing their identity documentation, car license plates, burning their houses, killing all livestock, destroying farming equipment throughout Kosovo is not organized enough?
Good boys
Pa ako mislis da cemo ikada uci u eu, to pokazuje koliko si glup...
Committing massacres during war time is one thing, comitting massacres during peace time is much much worse.
I really wish the will to federalise were as strong as you make it sound.
Well, most people here seem to be very tolerant and apologetic to Islam even though it is intolerant towards gays, women, atheists etc.
I thought all Russian metro stations had orthodox imagery
I haven't seen anything too bad about Serbia in the last few years so I think you're fine.
20th century wasnt favorable for heterogenous countries.
I don't understand the Old English at all, maybe I could guess a word or two
Those examples are common Slavic words that, for one reason or another,  stopped being used that way in Russian
Serbian football’s eye-watering racism problem shows no sign of abating
Including antivax, contrails etc
I've seen highlights from US games on Serbian TV.
for a moment there, I thought we had a North Korean embassy in Serbia.
They are
Serbia, nor Yugoslavia was ever a part of that
We did have snow fall, but everything would melt instantly so it was basically like rain
Serbia is surrounded by NATO, impossible for Russia to do much.
i used to be fine with it when we had /u/executivemonkey and that other guy (not gonna try to spell his name, can't remember it correctly) messing around.
Whether or not the annexation was morally wrong in the first place.
Extremely
same as in finland, except it applies not only to adults, but to everyone who's over 16-17 really.
The party with an Albanian leader is pro-Russian
Russia isn't the boogeyman of the 21st century.
Everything i stated in the comment above is true.
Or not, but you need to look into that more than moving back
We have singers who built their careers on songs like that, their whole albums are offensive, and they are quite popular
Why are you so hateful, if he makes a point of the destruction of Serb goods, that doesn't mean he thinks (unless he states it does) that the destruction of our goods are justified, you're mixing things, also he was talking about Serbs in Serbia, not in BiH,two completely different subjects politically.
7% literate, 15
Montenegro: Crna Gora
Same in Serbia
Relate
Europeans with flowers In their hair will understand this concept if/when that happens
Romania - First off, Romanians aren't gypsies
But regardless, I think that because of it, the text should be simple to read even for beginners (like myself).
fucking antifa are as bad as nazis themselves
Then again, Serbian had historically been very open to borrowing words, so
I don't get it
As always we are nation of extremes, and everything is black and white
Just the Balkans in general
As a side note, János Damjanich one of the martyrs was painted as a self-hating Serb and a traitor for siding with the Hungarian revolutionaries instead of the conservative Serbian nobility and clergy who sided with the Habsburg nobility.
Emperor and autocrat of the Serbs, Greeks, Bulgarians and Albanians, not Romans
Also, when filling in blank spaces on documents or questionnaires or something like that I write in the script that the document is printed in, I usually don't like mixing scripts
This is actually a very good summary about why Serbia is to remain a shithole for the next 20 years
She's married with kids apparently, so I'd wager this isn't the first time someone's yelling while she's trying to talk.
We have a similar saying that Napoleon talked highly about Karadjordje who was the leader of the First Serbian uprising against the Ottomans
We first learn printed than cursive
What smartphone brands people buy the most in your country?
Serbs came as refugees as ottomans conquered Serbia and slowly displaced Hungarians.It was never part of Serbia till 1918
We had enough wars for no reason already
I never heard/overheard Greeks talk about Serbia or Kosovo
Slučajno is a word in Serbian, but the meaning is more like accidental
Papir koji je izazvao šok i vjevericu
So Bosnia is Bosnian, Kosovo is Serbian by your point of view?
Then i suggest the new name be Czechiania.
Absolutely nothing, because Serbia is a dictatorship right now
They're usualy mega cancerous and try not to go near them(they still dab)
And if you count anything anything above 5, the word changes its ending
In Serbia it's either ćuran (male) or ćurka (female), so not just ćuran as the map says.
I'm going to Jump
It was about a Mozart symphony
It doesn't require too be hurry too much like many fps games.
And if I understand correctly, they got nice amount of pocket money.
\- Extremely prominent macho culture (except maybe in Slovenia)
It was just a pot waiting to boil over, tension building for decades.
Integration does not mean that everybody is the same, at least that's not what I understad the word to mean
So the word could have long rising accent (gláva), long falling (sûnce), short rising (vòda), or short falling (pesma), plus just long accent that only occurs after the base 4 accents (jùnāk)
There is much more of similar things
Other than that 15-20 minutes is not even worth mentioning
- There isn't really a bunch of nice places in nature around Belgrade
Holy shit, just look at Serbia and the Ottomans ...
5 times more than scientists who bust their asses of 8 hours a day or more to do work important for the humankind
depends on the country
It's in the south slavic group...
I think Serbia has some dubious relationship with Russia that I personally don't like, but other than that I don't know much about the situation.
finally
So you see how your butthurtness doesn't help you.
little saturday -> subotica
We are all хлеб on this blessed day
You know, even when it was officially called Serbocroatian way back when, it was quadruply recognized, as Croatian, as Serbian, as Croatoserbian and as Serbocroatian, neither would be incorrect to say.
Also, by tradition, you can't stop fasting until the special guest called Položajnik comes, which is also early in the morning
Don't forget Sandokan and Kasandra
Second, this is true for every Balkan country.
He did yes, and he did it surprisingly well, although he was reading a phonetic text, still huge of him to give such effort
Night before the battle of Maritza, Serbian army had a feast, got drunk and fell asleep
Yeah,how on Earth will we live without our Serbian friends
I'm a native speaker of Serbian, speak some Russian and was exposed to some Ukrainian when I was on exchange there
Roof
As far as i know he never said that himself, he envisioned Gandalf as an "Odinic wanderer".
Yes, Romania, Greece and the like have turned out to be gold mines, I'm sure Serbia wont bring the rest of the union down.
Bottom right he's standing next to M47 Patton
You squeeze the bottle, if it is rock solid, it's probably sparkling
Yall fought each other in Balkan War 2
Italy, Germany, Tuscany, Saxony, etc.
That's pretty harsh to say and has no basis.
Some lesser known are made of special kind of peach, vineyard peach, apple, raspberries and there are even ones who tried to made it out of oranges and bananas
That money has to come from somewhere, but from where.
Yeah Biden should get the Nobel peace prize
i (and), o (about), u (in), s (with)
"[The Rambouillet text] which called on Serbia to admit NATO troops throughout Yugoslavia, was a provocation, an excuse to start bombing.
Lots of them from US and Canada in particular
Я - хлеб?
Your average Serbian citizen doesn't care about Turkey.
In Serbia, the veil is more than an accessory, as it will hide the bride from evil spirits, as well as her beauty from other men
Yeah, to put him in historical context, he would probably be a fat aristocrat during Luis XVI's reign who has no clue what is happening outside of his shiny palace.
I was sleeping here in Northern Serbia
my langage is half turkish when you look at it - i keep being surprised when i realise some word is actually turkish
quince, pear, apple, apricot, honey, walnuts, cherry....
Well that's an exception:))
the obligatory "voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir
Well Djindjic had a plan to reform security intel.
Sadly that doesn't exist but I prefer English anyways
I'm from Zagreb, so I will admit to some bias, but these places are incredibly fun, cheap, and never boring.
Also, if you watch Eurovision, you'll notice that only they have the word "republic" in their name and it kinda sticks out
Regarding Russia, the colours of blue, white and red are inspired by Pan-Slavism.
7m) - the most diverse place, a lot of history, friendly people, great food, and according to Lonely Planet, the best nightlife in the world
I dont even know how to respond to that.
So the song basically features a lot of lyrics that are metaphors or straight out exclamations of those wrong doings.
Yep
I didnt feel anything thankfully
\[6\]
And as you can see, it's the only (European) language that has two official alphabets
is it and people like him were saying the same thing 30 years ago when it started being popular
Saint Sava temple is probably the most famous building in Serbia
I'm sure Italians have a lot that the rest of us can only envy
Kosovo former PM arrested in France on Serbian warrant
The city has nice parts , but I wouldn't call it pretty
Not really, I kind of picked it up while I was a kid
AND you can freely change the order of these words.
”. It is believed that the one that the bride pulls by the nose will be the next to get married
I guess no arguments for this one
While Spain deals with a de facto rebel region.
How dare you, Serbia has the best rakija(and kompletlepinja)
People do that more often than you think hah
Yes
Most could be either far right or leaning left, according to the current needs and mood among population.
We are all just humans and that should be the most important thing
Spanish was very easy, about a J.K Rowling book
It's Serbian land and was an integral part of Serbia before Ottoman colonisation.
Serbia was not UN member when it got bombed.
dunno how the russian education is, but you can at least be proud of your computer science education.
Use it to break resolution 1244, start yet another insurgency and initiate a pogrom.
The concept and goal of an EU military is to replace NATO and to have less influence from USA, it's written in the article.
What country is that if i may ask?
I'm not
Diverting evil eyes:
If it counts we bought a fish for our Biology professor to open up instead of having a test
Vucic has the votes from rural Serbs, old people and the uneducated.
dunno why are we even comparing jews and romas - they're polar opposites.
Netherlands stoners stealing land from the sea
Well then HIS WIFE is your "Jetrva". We can go on and on about this one but I think this is enough :)
As long as criminals are killing other criminals, I don't give a shit.
Considering how much they want to destroy our race, they probably don't
Serbia has not collapsed since Kosovo became independent.
Are you an Albanian born/living in Greece, because that's the impression you are giving with your constant moaning.
You know they will make a magarac out of a komarac.
>For instance my friend was thrown out of a store in croatia because she used the serbian word for bread (unintentionally)
All the movies and TV Shows are original with subtitles (which I love, btw - I don't want some random lame voice actors to ruin an amazing show for me - this way you can still get some jokes that would be lost in translation otherwise)
We have universal healthcare prescription drugs that are usually affordable
January 7th
Sometimes he has very good argumentation.
Not creating Yugoslavia, instead take the Serbian majority territories as was offered during the war
was insanely popular, not so sure about right now
Merkel needs them votes so at least she now pretends she cares about national security.
Yea the gypsy guy is strait fire
Their goverment teach them everything wrong so their people look like idiots in front of rest of the europe.
[Our shadows will be walking through Vienna, strolling through the court, frightening lords]
There are quite some points at which the war could've been prevented.
My grandpa always says "When Berlin Wall fell, I knew the dark times are ahead of us
There will be no mixture of populations to cause endless trouble ... a clean sweep will be made
I used to use cyrilic cursive in handwriting, and latin online, but then, it looks odd when you have chemistry formula or english or french, so I switched to latin
Never realized Serbia was so beautiful.....
Cigarettes
It's a very weak way to belittle people's choice to believe in something you personally don't.
This is probably a dumb question, but how "legal" is this?
This is, they argue, largely down to EU policies.
Wow, I actually understood most of it
THCF x Coby - Krvavi Balkan
I really like Polish patriotic song "Rota" and the Russian "Sacred War" as well as the Slovak anthem "Nad Tatrou sa blýska"
Works for me every time
Montenegro wasn't called Serbian Sparta for nothing
Jan->Honza->Honzík->Honzíček
Not really true, it was close for months:
We do have beautiful women
\[3\]\[1\] Ristić viewed Albanian populated territories as strategically important and representing a future base to expand into Ottoman Kosovo and Macedonia
"Death to fascism, freedom to the people"
No he canceled because he knew he was going to be the sacrificial pawn in [Serbia's dick measuring contest]
I'd gladly give my perspective about the wars to anyone genuinely interested
There are constant news about it to this day
Nema na čemu :)
366
Ah, the classic underhanded tactic of trying to Balkanize Serbs even further.
*N.Macedonian(sorry)*
I am not asserting anything, I can't really know, my point was that neither can you.
First cursive then printed-like, but considering that my handwriting is awful you still wouldnt be able to read amything, also even though im 18 i still dont know how to write in cursive latin but can easily in cyrilic
no offense Serbia but, its not really know for being not miserable is it?
[Here is a famous song] that became a rallying cry for our first uprising, called Arise Serbia.
That is a wrong way to spell Edison
Montenegro seeks Russians, Serbians over election attack
You might want to check a history book.
We dont know the candidates yet apart from those who said they will run.
Vučić Memes are pretty dank too
Thing is we use both Latin and Cyrillic interchangeably, Latin prolly more though.
A balkanite in the states is literally the most ignorant one can be about this topic.
You hve my sources in the debate with the other guy.
You have to weigh all scenarios against each other, and maybe it's still the best option, but Serbia in the EU would be inviting trouble.
Idk really, last i remember theyre a small south kosovo province that wants seperation
Some call the period of their total domination in politics after suffrage was significantly expanded from 1903 to 1914 the Golden Age of Serbian Democracy
Yeah true
&#x200B;
Lol same here
Below zero for the last five or six days.
The most unknown language is Vlach language (romanian eith a lot of serbian influence)
Remember that most of october we had april-like temperatures this year
Slovenia was better than others in Yugoslavia, and is better now, that didn't change.
In Croatian, this is a *trenerka* whereas in Serbian this *odjelo na štrafte*.
I was shocked when I was dating my wife because I found out that she had a stash of antibiotics from Serbia in case she got sick.
They didn't have a overwhelming force in Serbia in 1914 as far as I know and your victory against Austria during 1914 wasn't clear cut as you make it to be.
We can have anyone as subject and anyone as indirect object
Nobody calls it Islamic State, or as it would probably be in Serbian, "Islamska Drzava".
> I think many people also don't know how cruel the war actually was
>except Hungary our brothers
So we have no ties with the Nemanjic state
Same thing is here for legally owned guns
Yeah this works for Serbia just as well lmao
How the fuck have we been found it when we were under Byzantium and the Ottomans for 1000 years of the 1400 years we've been in the Balkans
That's what they teach you down there?
Well i don't really mind i don't need English to understand Croats and Bosnians maybe Macedonians but for everyone else English is a good neutral language with which we can all communicate, plus i like English language, it's one  beautiful bastard tongue which makes it perfect to be our universal language
Imati seks - have sex
That is where the increase in population comes from.
Alcohol is OBJECTIVELY more dangerous than cigarettes, but hey everyone here likes a sip of beer/wine so yeah
Frankly the borders of the republic were a superimposed communist creation, by what token were they used as legitimate
If he has the "Cyprus" flair I'm gonna bet Greek
With all of their secret agencies doing who knows what, maybe.
Just a huge ammount of second-hand embarrasment for my own country.
It states: Serbs and Croats - it's clearly a number for Yugoslavia, not Serbia alone.
although they do have lots of migrants elsewhere in Europe, a think a bit portion of those numbers for former-Yugoslavia are due to war relocations..
Special
Every now and then, you hear something coming from across the border how they hate the Serbs, and they hear something from us how we hate them, but the truth is we don't really care.
Everyone already agrees with them
> Pretty sure I've seen some stations with angels and stuff
None
I can't tell the difference between trash and the sidewalk
Golden age of Serbia was during the rule of tsar Dušan the mighty (1331- 1355)
Suddenly this old Greek man approaches us and randomly says something along the lines of 'Macedonia is Greek and death to or destroy the false Macedonia'.
Aha, and what does "no man ferre" mean
Free sandwich
No, actually, they are very smart.
Nedeljko Bajic- Snovi od Stakla
You impression is good, it is only a source of problem, because it is the only region where the majority are serbs.
1900: Belgrade
Turkey accused Netherlands in playing a role in Srebrenica.
Yeah, you know, except that you probably killed close to 1milion Serbs, Roma and Jews, had close to dozen concentration camps and were the only one to have ones for children
As he is eating and thinking about his day, suddenly the car turns the corner; it's austrian arch Duke
They don't need unanimity to *deny* membership to Serbia, only to grant it.
I know, but the IT sector is ok in Serbia
Belarus has not even expressed a real interest, has Lukashenko, communism and a still too close relationship with Russia, so it comes last on this list.
Џон мејд хиз веј ту а таверн тру д дарк форест, онли ту фајнд аут дат хи форгот д мани.
Is it true
Maybe the United States or Albania if things get heated
000 Serbian soldiers, including our king Vukašin
Well now shit really hit the fan
Austrougarska
The Balkans got fucked by everyone at one point or another.
So important that we won't say grand grand grand grandfather, but instead "Askurđel". Infact we can go up to 16 generations backwards and still have unique names for them
We don't hate Turkey because those things happend like 500 years ago lmao.
We have different experiences then.
Furthermore, "grad" comes from Indo European word for closed space in open, which is the same word that "garden" came from, however the meaning here shifted more towards a closed space by walls, for defense
Why Croatia and Macedonia and not Ksovo, Serbia, Bulgaria, Bosnia, Albania, Slovenia?
I personally am not a fan but i can see the appeal.
Why is he right-wing
It would be a pretty confusing and "How did this even happen" situation
There's plenty of museums to visit and places to check out and especially it's a city where people like to relax a lot so spending a lot of time in a coffee shop during the winter is great
Bombing innocent civilians isn't an answer.
that's because you probably live in belgrade.
We bribe people from the Balkans to cooperate in going home (so that they can come again for a couple 1000 Euro's)
Therefor I don't think that Lithuania or any other small state will be able to change anything.
How exactly is Bosnian Muslim culture similar to Slovene or Croatian Catholic culture?
Clinton bombed a country (Serbia) that was traditionally our ally.
And that's only modern times, not to mebtion Nemanjić dynasty, or pre-Christian rulers
Skandinavska braća, naravno
That's the cherry on top
r/shitamericanssay worthy comment.
Bruh this is Reddit
The subjective view being 3-4 out of 30 people on the /r/europe from serbia speaking highly of russia?
Considering how much they want to destroy our race, they probably don't
Eagles fly young, or in Serbian, "Orlovi rano lete". It was a children's book, and it was not hard in a way that it's not understandable, but it was hard because of the subjects it touched
When I have a choice I use Cyrillic almost exclusively
We already are controlled by other countries to much, joining the EU will let EU countries control us even more
Greeks
Oh, that makes so much more sense, thanks for the info and examples :)
Therefore much easier to integrate.
I guess to balance the racist Serbian football fans from the other day...
who mentioned high level of life?
I heard it’s really dangerous out there in Syria
Ne znam kojom ste kvantnom matematikom došli do Srebrenice, verovatno ste je izvukli iz konteksta (kao što je većina vaše istorije izvučena sa raznih strana, smućkana pa prerađena), ali ni na koji način ja to nisam pomenuo.
Miloš Crnjanski was also an officer in the AH army, that doesn't mean anything.
the US should never have gotten visa-free access
In the 14th century the Ottoman Empire invades Kosovo, the cradle of Serbian culture.
Sweden
Its easy formula if you are a Slav Serbs don't get along with you and since you aren't Slavs and Greeks aren't as well we get along just fine
That's 132,933 people just from these four countries.
For example, there's a church in my hometown dedicated to Saint Nicholas that we can refer to as
I believe you're mistaking Russia with Soviet Union.
You're right
I'd say this is in part because of my over-exposure to english, but part of it is because my native language internet is almost imaginary
In serbian
Would hate to go to this shithole of a university.
I really wish we didnt have tv transmission.
It's quite disturbing to see that more than half of the Turkish populations thinks that their country is on the right path...
Welcome
She said it was my duty to know so I can help my wife during and after the birth
Here it's totally normal, at least in Belgrade
heh, that .si suffix fits MojaČokolada site really well.
In Croatia and Bosnia they say grah for beans but we say pasulj or kruh for bread and here it's hleb
Albania I'd say
because if you were younger he could ad hominem you as he doesn't have a good counter argument.
Here's the occupation talk
[Bora Dugić - Običan balkanski dan (Regular Balkans day)] this one perfectly captures the dynamics of an everyday life in the Balkans and incorporates various Balkan sounds into one
Yeah we rest for two days, preparing for [ February 17]
Not quite a board game, but almost
Like gimme a break
I like ours actually, its a cool design in my opinion
20 people conspire to kill PM of Goatfuckland who by some chance doesn't suffer 3rd attempt of getting killed (strangely enough all at the time of the elections), they arrest all of them and let 17 of them the next day because there is not a single evidence except some slingshot.
I was supposed to go to Uffizi on a school trip last year, but the gallery had some special event and we weren't able to enter even though we have paid for the tickets earlier
Erdogan is playing very aggressively on multiple fronts
Hungary: Mađarska
EU had 70% support in Serbia in early 2000's. But unlawful recognition of Kosovo and uninventive " carrot and stick " strategy as well as supporting the authoritarian regime for over 10 years is not yielding results
Shadow of war still stands over us and many didn't forget it
> In 1996, he was photographed posing at the grave of former Ustaše leader Ante Pavelić in Madrid
I do not think Serbia cares if you are missing an exit stamp.
It's fine, it's not as if last time Russia and Serbia got really chummy anything bad happened....
You made mistake in this map
Serbo-Croatian is the language.
If China wanted to, it could have a very capable military.
I'm around mid-twenties and I've been in many clubs around the country and the situation is more or less the same everywhere.
and way smaller network
Is Kosovo not our territory
Nowadays, you go to nearby shop and just buy a piece of it
Berlusconi with all the wrong things he did is anyway faaar smarter of Trump.
CNN is feeding you fake news
Can this word be used to mean bride, like in Serbian nevesta
Lord Byron was the joke of Europe, and yeah we are still grateful about them helping the poor Greeks.
Well, if people need to buy a new washing machine every 30 years, that's not really good for economy.
I think they are the only ex-Yu country with a positive population growth
One more question since I have the opportunity to talk with Irish people.
Plus the music gets so loud that you can hear it from distant parts of the city
Serbia is one of my favourite countries in Europe, top 3 for sure, but you have to admit, you are pretty nationalistic folks and love a good war.
(I can read some Polish
If someone breaks in, they're not getting caught.
ah i kinda pronounced the whole thing slowly so you could hear every sound clearly.
Most people I know that are close to my age either say they're atheists ,agnostic, or something along those lines, as in they aren't necessarily religious, but don't give it enough thought to declare themselves as anything.
usa bombared montenegro and serbia for money
The Serbs had their own clock 600 years before the Swiss did
Pozdrav
Furthermore, if you look at what Trump and his cabinet are doing, they are looking at how they can further retreat in their cocoon and let the world fend for itself without the US spending a cent on it.
Jan->Honza->Honzík->Honzíček
That is the glass half full way of looking at it.
develop my infrastructure daddy
I don't think Republika Srpska is really that comparable to Crimea or Novorossiya, and if they do want independence what is the issue?
I use exclusively latin, i learned to read very early when i was maybe 5 or 6 years old, i don't even remember exactly  when and how (probably it came with comics and footbal albums with sticker images i adored)
i prefer to drink bottled water like prolom
Besides ours, I know the words of Croatian and Montenegrin anthems and the melody of French, Italian, German, Russian and Polish anthems
I am affraid for myself and people I care about
-"Uhm we didn't really get along, I guess
I can't say much in Breton besides Demat and Kenavo, but I'm slowly learning French
If it was a war in Kosovo and he US actively helped like in the 90s likely NATO would win
Large ones don't need to, they can simply get all equipment and knowledge on their own.
I hate our stupid politicians, most of those fuckers watch porn themselves.
(Wiem ze po polsku jest smierc
Our political scene is a joke, pushing 90's nationalism.
I assumed people never having heard about Serbia would be american.
Lol, good old /r/europe and its mass downvoting in order to push agenda despite obvious facts.
This
First of all, there are way, way more people who already know Mandarin and have learned a second language than there are people who know a e.g.
Our almighty, glorious leader Vucic has already struck a deal so whenever refugees go through the country to try to get to the EU we give them documents, so when they go to the EU illegally, the process is to send them back to the last country they got documents in
We could hang around together and believe me after 3 of those, we'd totally forget why our nations hate each other.
There are significant internal differences between MiG-29 9-12 which Serbia already has and three 9-13 that it will receive in a couple of months (other gifted planes being one 9-12 single-seater and two 9-51 two-seaters).
Can we just agree that the entity of Republika Srpska in the country of BiH is beautiful and make peace?
"The Emigration of Muslims from the New Serbian Regions 1877/1878". *Balkanologie*. **2** (2), para
As he is eating and thinking about his day, suddenly the car turns the corner; it's austrian arch Duke
Maybe they thought their friend was starving and was in desperate need of a 'sandwich'.
Zapravo i ja i ti smo pogresili ali smo ipak ispravni
Totally not
Neither Serbs or Croats use this name to be fair.
What the fuck
That one was so bad it's almost cheating
wait what im missing is, how can Vucic run in Srebrenica when it's in Bosnia
I'm not really sure that they are better like that but that's a closed chapter
It's called šatrovački and you just flip the word portions (not always syllables)
Nobody knows
But that is what people are voting for.
Polish is a really sexy language in my view, and imagining how its written makes me feel even better (don't know if many others would agree considering how fucked up the orthography and how hard the language itself is), but yeah, I actually love that
Fought the [Battle of Kosovo] in 1389, there's a whole mythology centered around that - heroic sacrifice, betrayal, shielding the West against Islam etc
how do you not know this already?
We Serbs are very family-friendly people
Only thing id like to add is not singular president, but presidents, recent American presidents have all had their share of interventionism.
He was probably being sarcastic.
Nađa (Nadya) is also in use but as a given name rather than as a nickname.
Not to mention that having simple things banned results in criminal activity and all kinds of shit
There's also a cult alternative music radio that plays every language that fits their niche.
The official statement is that there are two things to be completed:
I think we're in luck - they actually mention their reasons
Very true
However apparently that is enough to get called Putin's lapdog.
But games which you play solo in your room are seen as "you have nothing better to do, eh?".
Rare AF though
), because of school days,  and words tend to be absolutely random mix of American and British ones (sometimes i say sidewalk and sometimes pavement, apartment or flat, elevator or lift
I'm more of the person who avoids capital cities
Lavrov Puts Russia-Serbia Relations Into Sharp Focus ::
Are there people whose native language is Irish?
That's not the only problem of course, Montenegro has a problem with the rule of law and new laws such as the government taking church property
I'm not against a federation, but I wonder why would anyone ever say that a Spaniard and a Finn are the same
Those are basically foreign words that form a name
The one that more people would probably agree with would be  [Tamo daleko]
&#x200B;
We have keyboards that have Latin letters that are present in Serbian Latin script like š,č,ć,đ
Law; I myself study and go to this faculty and there is always a job open
Everyone does that,especially our neighbours, while nobody acknowledges the fact that the war was coming anyway, and that AH started it by giving Serbia an impossible ultimatum, to which Serbia agreed on all points but one.
Disgusting really, no spine at all.
[Serbian version
You can buy one here in very good condition for around $250 or €236.
They live in shanty towns mostly and they really don't move around (more than the average person).
Lenin died in 1924
Well, OP wrote "No modern politics please, it might turn ugly
Trump couldn't give less fucks about the Balkans.
Not being able to afford any kind of apartment/house.
You can see professors and students smoking together in the back of a high school
Iran is so beautiful,historical buildings,nature and nice and friendly people
And, for example, in the first shift, there are first and the third grades, and in second are second and fourth grade
The Balkans seem to fit your interests pretty well.
I wouldn't pay €4000/mo for an apartment in Silicon Valley...
carrying it around the street with a suspicious look on his face and he was like
What about Macedonia and Kosovo?
Keep in mind, Serbian Presidential elections are coming up.
Except the quality of life there, I like how fun it is, always something happening and people are awesome
When it was produced for the first time EU was Europe economic union or something
Pretty sure he said that on average women are less intelligent but smarter/wiser than men
Kosovo should send train to Serbia inscribed with words "Kosovo is independent".
Dude, Kosovo has no standing army, while Serbia has a pretty good one for Balkan standards, not to mention high morale.Not to mention nobody would risk a higher war on the account of a illegal failed state.
Belgrade
\[3\]
That i would dig holes and work in canalisation of some sort of i can correctly translate it
And then you have
For one, this is deeply authoritarian, for two this is a veeery big slippery slope and can very easily lead to abuse by the government.
We basically don't eat any animal product, be it meat, fat, milk, eggs
The question of guilt as far as I know is still somewhat contested among historians, but facts cant be myth and Germany did in fact multiple times gave Austria assurances of Germany's support if they go to war.
If she has her husbend's name, then - ka is added at thw end
Serbia, you better toe the line.
It is not his fault that democratic politicians are corrupt and inefficient, causing people to stop voting for them.
In practice it will be a non-official condition seeing as every single EU member has veto power over accession.
overly hyped tourist trap imo
At the latest elections for the governing parties I saw a party named "none of the above choices", and some people would go ahead and choose that, thinking they voted for nobody
Example Russia and Iran aren't best friends because the people are close it's because of geopolitical ties (anti western, sanctions) where in Serbia it's mostly the people (check the Serbia and Russia Subs there's a lot of love between the two).
Also, you just said that gay marriage is not a fundamental right, so it SHOULD be decided by the parliament/a referendum, so forcing it on countries is undemocratic and counterproductive.
Some English fuckwit asked me does my family own Hercegovačka Gračanica church in Trebinje
So why not lump this one to us too
what is that between bosnia and greece
Well idk specifically about the AI programme, but some good comp sci unis are: ETH zurich, oxford, cambridge, itmo sankt peterburg, uni of warsaw, technical uni munich etc.
Thia is way you always show dead body to dog
Vechnaya Pamyat
There are still plenty of people who think the last three countries, Romania, Bulgaria and Croatia, shouldn't have entered.
For that reason, because of the hostility [to these products] and due to the damages they caused us, we have definitively decided to say 'no' to them,” Bytyqi said, appealing to citizens to join the boycott.
I edited it almost immeadiately after I posted, says here that was 13 hours ago.
yes i know that, but she's not from albania (or macedonia for that matter) as the thread is asking.
We call him [Pičkousti (Pussylips)]
Now of course if someone has an opinion about mass murdering certain ethnic groups or seeing some people as less human than yes he is a nazi
It's not like getting either was a realistic prospect "Hey Serbia, can we bomb you?" "Hey Russia, can we bomb your ally?"
I was like "this is a joke
He also got the green light from Karic who owned the network and made Maric "the cultural editor/director" of it
I mean think about it, Serbia was bombed by NATO 17 years ago.
How in the fuck are there so much protests
The 1878 cleansing was a turning point because it was the first gross and large-scale injustice committed by Serbian forces against the Albanians
The only problem was Kosovo - yes it can be count like First.
We have enough problems with illiberal Hungary and Poland as it is.
There isn't a single road with a limit of 130km/h
Hiding garlic in your bosom:
About Swiss public transport: Couple of years ago I went to Switzerland to see my uncle,aunt and younger brothers
To be fair, Americans also put them on their homes and local businesses, I'll never get used to that
yes, this sounds a bit angry, but man we need some other perspective other than 'it's bad to pay taxes and build roads and have healthcare and basic decency'
It was either let the terrorists go (with several US&UK instructors, who got lost of course) or we will bomb you like Serbia.
the only difference with China is that China is more transpatent about their expectations
All the while reading shit that RFE prints
Should I consider Neusatz (today Novi Sad) the largest city, even though it was a part of the Habsburg monarchy or Belgrade, even though it was a part of the Ottoman Empire
Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't be able to live like that either, I moved out a year ago (I'm 24) and more and more people move out, but many still live with their parents, especially outside the big cities
Well the vibe is *completely* different
Zaspanka za vojnike and Juzni vetar
I (and)
\[6\]
Actually, no Balkans is lets say "geographicly inferior" in contrary to the rest of Europe so even if we were the most anti-corruption people in the world, we wouldn't be on equal level of development with the richest countries
Unless
Afaik 90s were full of Serbs protesting him and his rule.
*draws a map of Serbia with Kosovo*
Cases are doubleing every day,but our government doesn't seem to give a shit
Etihad should be a good flying experience.
Some times after the beginning, turmoils carried us in, nationalistic interests prevaled.
But forcing almost 1 million people out of their homes (Albania received 500k refugees in a single day) does not really show their good intentions.
However, I'd have everything start an hour earlier (fuck it maybe 2h) thus in effect having summer time as well
I always recommend AlmazanKitchen on YT to get a feel of the nature we have here
Well compared to yours or mine it is stable, but compared to western Europe Italy is always foggy when it comes to certain things.
Wintertime
Regarding Croatian dialects, Kajkavian dialect is indeed hard to understand.
I would argue that Romanians who speak English are at least as many (per capita) as in Bulgaria, Serbia or Croatia.
The rise of ultra-nationalist Serbian parties alienated the people of the other republics, leading to a large amount of nationalism there and finally secession from a system that was, in truth, far too controlled by the Serbs.
The only reason why the endings stayed is because feminine nouns can't decline if they don't end with "a"*
They are politically anti-progressives which is ironically a progressive and liberal nihilist philosophy that believes the Westernism is inherently flawed and malignant for world influence and that it ultimately leads onto collapse
And it surprised me, the way the unit can work even at -20, it's mindblowing that you actually make the winter even colder so you can get warm :)
Stay away from da voodoo mon
I have family from a village near Dimitrovgrad and they use some Bulgarian words too
We do not want to unite with Montenegro
Shouldnt that be a better contender
I would also add Portugal and Spain, we tend to love southerners a bit too much in Greece :)
we actually have a similar story, with the place being called "White Serbia".
**EU is bending over backwards to Serbia,**
No circle of friend's gonna bother with someone not speaking their language
That's why I think we have a continuum, we as a people have just formed various states throughout history
And reaction of Russia couldn't be different they needed to protect their client on Balkans - Serbia
3 milion)
NATO has "serious concerns" regarding "Kosovo army" plans
I was stunned when I saw this the first time, but now it's almost normal
We have plenty of those too, Russia's murder rate is quite high.
Much more people are gonna read an article that is in English than an article that is in let's say Belgian.
I actually don’t like EU but i think in different form it would be amazing
I don't know Russian or Ukrainian, though
Nah i'd say it more like 60%
It's not as fucked up in my opinion because it's not out of the ordinary for enemy nations to fuck up each other
I mean all the article says is that Serbs supported Bosnian Serbs against Muslims, which you know, makes sense,since Croats had Croatia and Muslims had Mujaheedin
They forbid their children to go to school and use them as beggars.
Not to mention that a lot of Albanians were orthodox here until the 18th century.
I was searching for this comment
Lots of Muslims live there (not saying it's a bad thing, but different to the rest of the country) and it just feels kinda weird
What
I once saw an Oklahoma plate, and like 3 days ago I saw a Trump 2020 plate, but I don't think it is legal to drive with that thing lol
"Soo the country changed its name and borders like 20 times and fought a lot of wars and now everyone is leaving and we are fucked"
Union to a union, its in the name.
> What if you're a younger son who married an only daughter, do you take your father in law's slava since nobody's there to inherit his
The filmmakers wanted the right to show the darker side of the human psyche and to openly criticize the policy of the socialist state
Ah, that makes sense
Modern Serbian is different language
Water polo, I think current team is the best ever, holding titles in all competitions (Olympics, World Championship, European Championship, World League etc).
Yup, no wonder there were a couple of protests unfortunately
oh well, that covers the slavic countries i guess.
It's completely unrelated to that.
Like woodworking, machining or building terms
If only it wouldn't be an echo chamber and if people wouldn't mass-downvote you if you dare to have a dissenting opinion.
The tower is 10 feet (3.0 m) high, and originally contained 952 skulls embedded on four sides in fourteen rows.
What's going on through his skull?
Plus, in Serbian culture, we use it to distinct ourselves from our catholic neighbors, because orthodox christians cross themselves with three fingers, not five, even though Serbian society isn't that much religious, like it used to be
Or you could completly destroy the salaries of italian workers so they become Indians 2.0.
Yes exactly what Albanians were doing to Serbs for decades - systematic ethnic cleansing:
Ours is called "God of Justice" (Боже Правде/Bože Pravde)
Plenty of companies have these bullshit quotas now
EU citizens can enter Serbia with an ID card.
>Most Albanians would say Croatia since we’ve had a similar history
They're usualy mega cancerous and try not to go near them(they still dab)
My grandparents record was 9 hours for an eye doctor.
The International Court of Justice has rejected a request by Bosnia to revise the ruling that cleared Serbia of blame for genocide
But there are some places who I can't even understand if they talk like they normally do
No particular order, and no links, for I'm lazy and on the phone:
I'm going to Belgrade in July for a few days to experience Serbian hospitality.
Russia can't support an invasion of Europe
They didn't teach me that because it never happened, you idiot.
Yes, but i could also have the 20 minutes reading something interesting instead of explaining some thats been talked about here dozens of times
(although a very small minority would disagree, those would say we are Central Europe)
Same here
And why are you taking this guy seriously?
do you even know why Belgrade was bombed¿
I thought Greeks like Serbia?".
Felt it in Serbia, I hope that there are no casualties and that everyone is okay
I saw an inscription in Serbian at a university library toilet door in the Netherlands
It is very difficult to define, though, and expensive.
Yeah but apart from there isn't anything else.
The rest of Tuscany was absolutely breathtaking, though
Serbia has more military exercises with NATO, bigger trade deals with EU, and is an aspiring EU Member, please stop spewing bullshit.
,, If goverment is scared of people then there is a democracy, if people are sacared of goverment then there is tyranny".
Basically everybody in the country gets drunk about once a month
Speaking of Orban, it seems he wants to bring Slovenia and Serbia into V4, and form his block inside EU
Because Serbia has literally hundreds of wanted warrants for foreign soldiers.
Meanwhile here we have 3 times the price and half of that internet speed
That is why i support countries staying together.
The people whom are the streets, squares are named of earnt this honor based on their achievements and work that contributed to the country's development and improvement as whole.
Edit: If there are any errors in english or gramatical idc i typed this because i couldn't belive people belive that this wasn't an agression
why don't you pop by the local doctor to prescribe you some?
They don't really have a good reputation when it comes to paying for stuff they import.
It's usually performed when there is a host and guest role involved, such as family dinner, arrival of someone or birthdays, weddings and funerals
I'm in the US and my wife is Serbian.
And those recent things from 90s might still be  "modern politics", so i avoided them
Sorry, but you reap what you saw.
I seem to recall you guys losing that war ;)
God has left the chat
No surprise at all
Sellotape - Cellux
Serbia has a lot of contracts and exercises with NATO.
No attrocities ever commited in the history of the Balkans can compare.
This was the closest I could do  I'd love it if you could provide a better example
I'm pretty sure it's a hypothetical question to discuss
Oriental melodies are basics for much of pop - folk music in all Balkan countries as they are catchy and easy to dance with.
i'm in no way certain of it, but a possible reason might be some counter weight.
All the links have been edited to be english versions.
And that is a problem in itself with many consequences, but I guess that most people in this subreddit would still appreciate a submission, that presents a legitimate critique of Russia, while knowing that it has been submitted by someone who irrationally hates Russia and everything about it.
Du bist ein Schwein
See Abdul, the water becomes warm when heated.
and ANDDDD
Yeah it's troublesome for a lot of people learning English
Average wage in Bosnia is 805 dollars per month and in Albania 452 dollars per month so both have lower wage than Serbia
Loosely speaking, it would be like someone from Belarus opposing the annexation of Crimea.
Same thing is happening in Serbia.
We will remove kebab across the stars!
Serbia grateful for Madagascar's stance on Kosovo - -
Literally exact same thing (taxi)
"yer one" as in my significant other
Yeah, we definitely would
Also [relevant scene] from a Serbian movie Tesna Koža, oh and [another one]
If I recall correctly, it was because Italy was promised Dalmatia almost to Split but the Entente ended up giving any Austrian land down there to the Kingdom of Serbia.
Bujanovac is about 50/50 especially in the city, so in the end like many referendums like this it'll end up in another conflict.
So, opt for diamonds, rubies, sapphires; just no pearls
Dzon mejd his vej tu a tavern tru de dark forest, onli to fajnd aut det hi forgot de mani
How is life in Kosovo nowadays compared to before the independence?
Nje je njegova originalna fora, dok pevamo na molu dur
movement
If even Samantha Power said that he was a diplomatic maestro, then he really must have been an extraordinary man.
We LOVE when someone is soeaking Serbian, even if the speaker knows only a few words
Only vocal minority is Russophilic
So you're implying that we should be grateful that you're not discriminating us and that you aren't taking our basic rights away.
Belgrade has two major parts
They could conquer the world if that were the case...
how can't people learn yugoslavia wasn't part of the Eastern block?
It is because of the NATO bombing of Belgrade in 1999.
680 stipulates that individuals who are under investigation from one of eight different articles of the Turkish penal code could be stripped of their citizenship if they fail to return to Turkey in 90 days
The notion that you took my comment seriously is worrying.
this is r/europe not r/unitedstates
And I checked that twitter page
While Germany had a blanco agreement with Austria-Hungary, Russia didn't have official agreements to fullfill with Serbia, but still entered the war and mobilized its troops before the Germans.
I just don't like your president that shows a lot of signs of hating Serbs, but I doubt Serbs would invade you
Why don't you check the legitimacy of this news before jumping into conclusions and random WW3 scenes?
Do you know anything about the new Russian military base which is being planned to be build right at the border with Kosovo?
It seems to be a sound long-term investment.
Is Ukraine's fight for Crimea useless and ideological
There is also video of Serbian president who is 2m tall playing basketball with 11 years old kids and always blocking their shoots
Do you think that Serbia's good position is an obvious benefit for Russians?
Underground
Yeah, there's Bojana for girls, though.
then it's not "every body" as you said, isn't it?
No one has ever found out the reason why he did it
I work at an ad agency
Do you expect Russia to give up its influence in Ukraine that easily?
No rules, sorry
Europeans with flowers In their hair will understand this concept if/when that happens
Putin might be bad and everything, but Navalny is the most racist piece of shit that could be born
It was the source of 90% of the contrabanded goods in Kosovo.
word vampire is of serbian origin, and the first vampire "case" was in serbian village kisiljevo.
The situation in the Balkans is weird, so many nationalities, so many wars, constant provocations from every side.
These cities were pioneers in trade throughout Europe and the Middle East, and their potential was in trade with volcanic glass – obsidian
>The fact there hasn’t been a major war since WW2 is done 100% to NATO
There's *Nizozemska*, which is a calque of Netherlands, but that's used in Croatia.
He'd have some semblance about how military works
They seem to be in accordance, more or less, when it comes the total number of civilian and military casualties.
I guess it's less bad when Austria does it to a Schengen and EU member than when Hungary does it to a non-Schengen or EU nation.
As were Djukanovic and hell, even Dacic in Serbia.
Obviously the Kosovo issue exists (honestly this really doesn't depend on us as the Albanian government isn't implementing anything from the Brussels agreement like the municipality of Serbian territories and is even putting up tarrifs) but there's also the issue of rule of law and various other things
The Franco Russian one was well known, as was the German-Austrian-Italian one, but did the Austrians know that Serbia was being protected by Russia?
3000AD/7th centry-Random Euroasian horde(we were 2000 years late wtf)
Hopefully away from regional wars and political instability.
Eg: when the school starts, the first three classes of all grades have subjects from 8 am, and the other three classes of all grades have subjects from 2 pm
The one that more people would probably agree with would be  [Tamo daleko]
What good does it do for Serbia that you don't recognize us?
I find funny the stereotype that we are lazy heavy drinking womanizers
Actually surveys show the opposite, support for the euro is relatively high.
I am surprised how high Serbia actually is to be honest
Yugoslavia ceased to exist when Tito died so the legality is moot.
Cons :
I spend a lot of time in Sweden and often hear that swedes are very reserved, and that's true somewhat.
March 2004 pogrom of Serbs in Kosovo remembered in schools
Ljubomora - jealousy
Lets list all the possibilities:
Hope Pompeo or any murican war criminal general dies next, after all they deserve it more than Quassem
I am from the USA going to be backpacking throughout the Balkans (Bulgaria, Serbia, Croatia, Slovenia, Bosnia, Montenegro) and Norway, Sweden, and Finland.
Here you literally can not say anything against the government
Prsut is really popular where i live (Montenegro) and in Serbia and Bosnia.
Albanians are all over Kosovo
Well I agree with you on that, but by the same principal the Serbs should have had the right to secede from Bosnia and Croatia
Almolst the same applies as with Russian
Also, nature aside, the villages on the spit are incredibly picturesque, especially Nida
And Serbia didn't fire the bullet, an ethnic Serb separatist did.
Kosovo is not a country
You either support Serbian irredentism, or you hate Serbia and Serbs and are basically like Hitler
I knew some Balkan were really racist, like Serbia, but thats just on another level.
Albania was essentially a well assimilated Turkish population by that point.
When I was on tour of it (by boat) we were told that only 2 female species are allowed on the island, chicken, for their eggs which are essential for producing certain icons, and cats, to keep the mice population at control, now I am not sure how do they control other female species but female cats are allowed
One of the things i didn't like in Istria, is how open their nationalism is being presented, and how many shop owners are most definitely not Croats, or from countries which Croatia borders
Here's some other cool Slavic names: Ratomir, Caslav, Vlastimir, Rastislav, Cedomir and many others
Ahahah ok I get it now, dank je
On other hand you have Russia which is ,,designed,, as our adversary even enemy by some countries.
Serbian Opposition Leader Believes in Reconciliation and Cooperation Between Bosniaks and Serbs in BiH (Link in Bosnian)
Works for me every time
See, of it was just the world wars much less would hate you, but then you backed up the '99 bombings
Coolest sounding languages to me are finnish and korean.
Great times
Basically most of it is religious buildings, but very old or very big religious buildings
Serbian numbers in Kosovo after '99 were halved, Albanian numbers stayed the same.
Because most android flagship phones like s20 ultra or p40 pro have much better specs than iphones and are much cheaper
Mislio sam da si mi odgovorio na jedan drugi komentar gde pricam o glasovnim promenama, nisam pogledao
at least as far as the standard of living is concerned.
So, opt for diamonds, rubies, sapphires; just no pearls
Although I guess this holds true for a lot of similar countries.
Yeah, Balkan friends who are studying in Germany and Swiss, are reporting that it became much easier to spot our folk there since they are the ones parked on curbs, not wearing masks and not practicing distancing
Yeah, same in Serbia, it's way less
On the exterior it *is* a 98k, but almost none of the internal parts are exchangeable.
Stefanović, Djordje (2005)
Even that was late to come here
my langage is half turkish when you look at it - i keep being surprised when i realise some word is actually turkish
You mean Siberia/Syria
We've been fighting Greeks almost whole medieval period tho
Yes, if the pay is the same as working 5 days a week
\]"
Srpska Crnja (town) = Serbian black (person, but could also be interpreted as
Was in Greece two years ago, and there was a pizza restourant with a sign saying "You came pizza you tried no"
No and yes, depends on who you ask.
when do you have dinner then
I would say a whole Kosovo cycle of our national poetry about famous battle of Kosovo
They mostly started it, then we caught up
I have actualy.met people from Macedonia..They in fact do lpve Serbia.
If it can happen in conservative catholic Poland, it can happen to us.
I don't get it, there is even less wit in Russia than in the Holy Tsardom of Celestial Serbia.
In Serbian election, the comedy candidate is no joke
I thought russians can't die from alcohol
>During the [Great Austro-Turkish War] Albanian Catholic leaders [Pjetër Bogdani] and [Toma Raspasani] rallied Kosovo Albanian Catholics and Muslims to the pro-Austrian cause
Serbian is taught in some schools
Foremost is the failure of Serbia to protect the rights of minorities in Kosovo, but there were other factors including consideration of self determination and to be consistent with other regions being given independence.
Smart
Jebem li ti sunce žarko
Yeah, it’s obviously a lie
But if you can help the local population with some benefits, so they won't see kids as a financial burden that is not worth it, an attack to their current standard of living or as a trap that will ruin their careers, things may improve over time.
God i so much hope that we can build up on the Craiova treaty and establish strong relations with Bulgaria and Serbia ASAP, we can't afford being left alone or treated like a commodity anymore.
I mean, Montenegrins wanted to be unified, same as the Serbs, they just wanted Nikola to rule, which, objectively doesn't make sense sense he's a King of a nation of 200k while Serbia at the  time had around 5m.
The question is weird for me, since you would be eating at a restaurant, which is the normal thing to do in a very literal sense
Or at least tried to follow the news about the event in the recent days?
Same reason these people supported Serbia .
That the Eu is controlled by lawmakers who aren't democratically elected.
Most Serbians online bashing EU are Serbs living outside Serbia, and usually somewhere richer like Germany or the US so it's easy for them to trash talk and be proud nationalists when living far away.
It's really good and shows a different perspective then what you'd usually see in the news
As a Novi Sad native obviously I'm gonna recommend my own city
serbia: food, alcohol, cigarettes.
What business have you with the Guards of the Crossing
Seeing /u/Warff_ 's excellent post on French elections, that are due some 20 days after Serbian ones, i decided to make something similar - a guide, but this time for Serbian elections.
You could almost copy-paste the same thing and just replace Serbia with Kosovo, including the support of the EU for a quasi-dictatorship.
There was never any significant migration from Serbia to Bosnia
Yikes
Južni Vetar (South Winds)
Isn't northern Mitrovica majority Serbian?
Serbs played a major role in the fall of the Byzantine Empire due to the Byzantine-Serbian wars
So it's not a local election
Kiev angry at Belgrade after ruling party MPs visit Crimea
I knew it was Bismarck before clicking the link lmao
Although when shit hits the fan I know you guys can be content with anything as long as the blood continues to flow./s
Yeah although Serbian has a lot more consonants
From the mosque, they are usually loud.
Vucic and his party are a lot like PSD in Romania.
I was shocked when I went to work for one italian company there
What
Cold <2°C
However, if the glass stays intact, a girl will be birthed
TIL: Russia and USSR are the same thing!
Don't wear shoes in a house generally, especially not if visiting - even if a host insists you can keep them on
What I m denying
Born in Croatia, family from Serbia, actually an American
I think he also had plans to conquer Constantinople and become the succesor of the Byzantine empire
Republic of Serbia is a state of Serbian people and all the citizens that live in it, based on the law and social justice, principles of civil democracy, human minority  rights and freedoms and commitment to European principles and values
The only difference is that he is left wing.
[ISBN] [978-86-86391-19-3] p. 264
If war ever breaks out in the balkans again it will be because Serbia is never satisfied with what it has
Shit
Man, Croatia and Serbia are like extreme versions of Poland and Lithuania.
Here in Serbia everyone is leaving who are in their 20s.
Also, after the overthrow of communism, the predominant ideology became pro-religious, and supports all orthodox christian practices (i’m neutral about that)
We're pretty good with Romania
Thank you for intellectual and nuanced input
Yes it's all those hateful, butthurt Hungarians hurr!
Useless to go against the Voice of the People.
Austrias accent/dialect is too funny lmao
Which ones and which criteria?
We are stealing cheaper labor force from Serbia, Romania and others.
Novi Sad is very safe and so is the rest of Serbia
If only Mrnjavčević brothers and their armies hadn't been wasted on the eve of the battle of Maritza with the Ottoman Turks, and subsequently slaughtered in their sleep, we could bought ourselves and the rest of the Balkans at least a few decades of freedom, and who knows what would happened next
Yeah
Jesus so many Romanians in one thread talking about electricity
at least all the former Yugoslav states have the exact same culture...
lol...Glad you got the point off my simple question where there couldn't be a simple answer.
yes, literally no country besides France can master that 5 ingredient staple food lasting for millenias
We mention it, but don't go into details
This is exactly what is happening
I just feel that this was never intended to improve the lives of people there, just provoke national feelings for the next election or whatever.
Gross oversimplification
but the one in Serbian said 'Kakve su ti sise, takav ti je život', which means 'As are your boobs, such is your life'.
Not electing people that oppose it doesnt seems like protesting to me.
In the meantime, Serbia got Kosovo back.
Which is kinda weird because Spanish is not a popular language for studying here, it'd be better if they changed it to English instead
Sweden and Norway arranges charters to Albania.
*Historical Review*. **51**: 87–107 , pp
But the worst for me is “Cipela” (“shoe”) where the guy sings about his shoe going round the world
So say you're a fashion designer, you can choose between a lot of cities like Milan, Paris or London
[They're all happy and friendly while skiing]
Putin approves sale of 6 warplanes to Serbia
Ireland though, there is like a 10 degree change between summer and winter.
They would reveal real cards and discover ugly public seacret, they are weak and powerless.
Honestly my reply was supposed to be sarcastic, it felt natural to put the there
I'd remove this subject from the school anyway, it's much much better that you learn religion in church, right
So if our system changes, and we gain something from the Kosovo deal, I see Serbia in the EU in 20 years
It all depends on what's the situation like.
Well I agree with you on that, but by the same principal the Serbs should have had the right to secede from Bosnia and Croatia
From time to time I watch a few minutes of these, as I am able to glean the gist.
It's always been part of Serbia 3
Also, here is more more common form *Evropa*.
let means flight
A train created expressly to spread hate and incite violence, so Serbia can scream about violent Kosovars attacking innocent trains
Jovanovićka - whose father is Jovanović
Stupid question, in Croatian Alps
It's debatable as the pact was a defensive one and Austria attacked Serbia knowing the war would have become continental.
Duisburg really is depressing
You could keep your raki for yourself and enjoy in our glorious rakija as long as you want
Even so, let's say it is not true or that even if it was true, that Biden changed his opinion
Engineering; again a no brainer since our best uni is the Electical Tehnical Faculty where most of our engineers go, if ya go there you also get offered a job pretty much by the 2and or 3rd year and I do mean that literally
The old name Hadzinci came from the Turkish word for the Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca, so it's not like any Serb would be particularly attached to it.
I might have a bias though since I'm Slavic
Only Georgia and Baltics voted against the Federated Constitution.
Serbia because it would be easier to leave Serbia and to somewhere else in Europe than Serbia.
JNA took the design of the 98k but swapped out a lot of the internal components.
what was the third, besides this one and the teacher beaheding
Kosovo isnt a separate country
Once I saw an Austrialian in a train heading from Belgrade to Romania.
In Serbia people hate Biden like the devil
Wiki the page and you will learn that they were even scolded for that.
I know about your "dundo" which is used almost exactly as English "uncle", however we always specify the relation
If there's trouble in the UK then we might see applicants from that general direction too
No, i would not have small nations under foreign rule.
I can travel without passport in many European countries, not necessarily EU countries, like Moldova, Norway, Serbia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Macedonia, and probably Ukraine and Switzerland, though I never tried in these two yet.
Battle of Kosovo 1389 its overly romanticised in our history
I can completely understand Croatian, Bosnian and Montenegrin
After 1988 when shit started getting sour, mostly from 1990 to 2000, the only way to do business was to embrace corruption.
Serbia and Montenegro,Serbia and Bosnia
I disagree with all Kosovo governments since the 2008 independence on most points, but all things considered Kosovo is easily a success story.
Mi nemamo 'y' u latinici
In high school it's a bit different
I too think of Bavaria when Texas is mentioned.
Is it really that hard to believe not everyone is hateful like Albanians
But it's your opinion, why would I give a fuck?
Well EU also did smaller deals with Mecadonia & Serbia, which did stop the balkan route to certain extend.
Switzerland, Norway, Iceland, Ukraine, Serbia and Russia among others are European countries.
Although that's not something unexpected /s
So actually those 63.4% DIDN'T want to live together.
So the war started because some Serbian dude killed an Austrian prince, right?
Glava, ramena, stomak, kolena
>“polish heroine” called “kompot”
1878 (officially, though we had maximal autonomy and de facto independence decades before)-present
I saw that
I scheiss an grant üwa dir aus.
Of having constant war with Serbia
Because last time i checked they didn't need visas, whereas Turkey, a member of customs union, couldn't travel visa-free since 80s
• This only proves my point because the first thing Tito did was split core Serbia into Macedonia and Montenegro, give a large amount of Serbian territory to Croatia and Bosnia and cripple the Serbian government by separating it into two provinces
I don't really speak about this too much, given the fact that these three countries fought a lot in the 20th century
On the other hand, my cousin who lives in Sweden told me people there don't even blow dry their hair in winter and they just go out with wet hair after a swim or a bath, without freezing to death or having even a minor cold
Czechs are part of NATO which is why they supported Kosovo.
You need 5 seconds of reading posts from the Baltic users to realize why
You go until there is no word that starts with that syllable, or is ending with f.e. Senka (shadow), then next player says Kaladont, and it's game over for last player
Who wants to go to Serbia, no coast there :)
If the president says nothing happens, then that's exactly how it will be
What, in Serbia when someone is even trying to speak our language we get so excited someone is even trying so we continue talking to them in our language
Applying the same authoritarian methods won't help us, on the contrary, I firmly believe that it will actually help HIM and he might very well use this potential ban to further his agenda.
The place you mentioned is called Sijarinska Banja in Serbian.
Sure its kainda wird but its interesting
He still killed innocent civilians and that should not be forgiven just because he sheltered Serbs
(IIRC) it became easy to obtain Hungarian passport for ethnic Hungarians, so they started leaving Vojvodina en masse, mostly moving to Hungary, Austria and Germany.
Then there are Albanian minorities in Montenegro and Serbia.
"The 'cleansing' of Toplica and Kosanica would have long-term negative effects on Serbian-Albanian relations
I was crossing the street - Prelazio sam ulicu
The occupation in 1790 also directly spawned the first uprising.
It's actually much cheaper than a recent trip to the US I had even though I'm hiring the car for a longer time.
Hahahahahahahaha I knew chalga is inspired by our turbo folk but Sen Trope is a straight up copy
Pahumi, Nevila (2007)
I'd like to make Serbia won the Battle of Marica, and it's not only for the sake of Serbia, but for central and Eastern Europe as well
Honestly, I never heard for this, and I genuinely didn't imagine an existence of neo-nazi groups that go out and kill people who bring information about them in Europe
People seem to have this weird belief that Eastern and Western Europe weren't on equal ground pre-WW1.
At the same time, I'm also clearly not a Serbian by blood and I don't exactly feel like a part of their club either (not all the way, anyway)
Did they buy it too
You don't hear often people in Serbia chatting about Jupiter's moons.
It is absolutely not an indication of how religious or "actually Christian" people are.
She could only remain there for 20 days, and after that they kicked her out and now she is treated home by her family.
It kinda worked for Nazi Germany, at least for some time.
Saitama (like the One Punch Man character)
Serbia for example doesn't want to exchange territory for the North, even though there's more Albanians in southern Serbia than Serbs in Kosovo.
you know Sasha Shatalova is a shemale/trap?
Literally everything its trash
He's a Herzegovinian who lives in Serbia.
You can find a loooot of cigarette butts just laying around
We killed all of them
Looks really nice
In my 10 years of going to sea, I've seen 10 people being topless
We don't have family gathering
omfg
But most people dont know about an old symbol of the serbian people, a boar with an arrow to its forehead
Did you even read the edit I made?
that wasn't a product of his management, but rather a product of america coming out of the recession from 2008.
You aint gonna see maps like this with Russia and Ukraine or Serbia and Ukraine for example.
I spent New Years *once* in Novi Sad, Serbia and it was amazing.
20 years ago the people of Croatia, Serbia and Bosnia were killing each other.
Lol, basically the Croatian language in a nutshell
There's some truth on both sides.
I mean the solidarity of random strangers is really strong
It wasn't my intention though, sorry
How look's gun law in Serbia BTW?
I assume there are news sources in Serbia that are of the local language and run by people who live in the country.
My family loves having her over for as long as possible
Damn those were two quality burns on Montenegrins and Bosnians lmao
Hey, it's our turn anyway
Nope, we had rebellions and rebellions against them.
This is why Serbia and Turkey are having such a hard time getting into the EU because they're not passing their examinations.
The Serbian word for peanut is "kikiriki" and I always found that super cute
Thank you Greece, Cyprus, Romania, Moldova, Bosnia, Belarus, Ukraine, Slovakia, Spain and Russia for not recognising Kosovo as an independent state and for your continued support in the issue
I can only support the NATO as a defensive partnership not an interventionist war machine.
I don't know any Serbian(?), and I doubt many others here do either.
made in Germany and designed by Ford Europe!
5 - 2 out of ~6
From the readable part, the article is about something he said in July
yeah, but sometimes when i read their perspective on things it hurts
>If we wanted to take anything back from Serbia
USA, Bulgaria, Belarus, Hong Kong etc
She'll burn in Balkan hell* for this!
Albania is too inferior to Serbia to even speak about it
The Authonomous Region of Kosovo is part of Serbia.
Well, the mere fact that people care about things that only concern them directly, and only that, says a lot about how shortsighted and selfabsorbed they are, which leads to a conculsion that most people are reactive insted of proactive in nature.
Or listened to russian composers?
Do you know even what constitutes a genocide
It was in the '80's, still Yugoslavia
Well, it depends by your taste in my opinion, I think that Italians would really struggle with Turkish coffee.
The US got it in 2026 at the same time I believe
"Yogurt" implies it's drinkable here, we use other words for thicker dairy that's eaten, but yeah I'm aware yogurt is something to be spooned up or mixed up with pieces of other food in other countries.
Even Obama did that in 2011 so what's your point exactly?
Down with the EU, bring back the EEC
Do you think many will comment?
What /u/terzogiro said [here] One man's terrorist is another's freedom fighter.
[Putin has a great sense of humor too]
Many Serbian criminals, including some war criminals, had Croatian passports during the 90s, and were always less corrupt than you.
Its cool that i as a Serb can understand newspapers from Croatian minority in Austria that lives there for last 400,500 years
Gomboce
What about Hot dogs on pizza
Therefore a separate identity was formed as time went on, even though up until very recently folks there thought of themselves as just a different type of Serb.
Merde baguette
I wonder how the Turks feel about a region of the Ottoman empire called Serbia seceeding.
I worked in the same office with Romanians, Bulgarians and even Russians.
If ya mean the highest court to try someone in a criminal, civil, familiar and so on then it's the " Supreme court of cassation". Weird name I know
The photo pretty much symbolizes WWI in Serbia, especially the [*Great Retreat*] even though it was taken a year earlier
To show you how country should not be menaged
Thank you for being good neighbours, too
uh, we've mentioned them in school and most serbs know that they exist, but i don't really feel any closeness to them because i honestly know very little about them.
But then again they are very different to rest of the buildings in the neighborhood, they are less than one third of the size, with different facades and roof designs, and hallways so narrow that one apartment's floor math is standing in top of the other apartment's one, since entrance doors are so close to eachother
Actually, no Balkans is lets say "geographicly inferior" in contrary to the rest of Europe so even if we were the most anti-corruption people in the world, we wouldn't be on equal level of development with the richest countries
18 Roman emperors were born in modern day Serbia, the most in any country after of course Italy
Give it a decade or two, it will certainly even out the deniers and the educated
Like three slingshots and a Toyota with a machine gun in the back?
Qatar is obviously a disgrace, but even if Russia bought it(which is possible, if not probable) I see no problem with that for the reasons I have already stated
There is something I have to ask - considered weird by who
What is exactly the criteria and when was that added?
That is if someone said Arkansas, we would know that it is a state, but not much more about it
Šuker’s response to the photos, as reported in The Guardian, was telling
And we don't know anyone who would have an atractive accent.
Serbia does actually need new jets for peacetime air policing.
Impression doesn't equal class though.
I live in Australia and it is done here, but not in Serbia
I noticed that near Croatian border the cyrillic names are crudely sprayed over with black paint.
century resettlement
So it's not a Serbian-Albanian thing, and saying that the expulsion of 1878 is a revenge for those events is all kinds of misleading
Yes, very common in Eastern Europe especially in villages or suburbs
[TDI radio top 40]#f3cb7d1c6d38828)
It was just so freakishly unnatural to me.
Negative
Or I'm just informed about it and curious, stop making it be a media thing
Same reason we have let in over 300000 people from Kosovo, Albania, Serbia and many other safe countries.
BTW, Serbia don't have big success in kebab removing through their history.
Same with Serbia to an extent
If you're from Serbia, for example, your request should not even be considered and you should be immediately deported without any support whatsoever.
Literally everybody should be doing better than us lol
well considering how much cannabis is grown there you might as well legalize it lol.
Here's the one of him justifying Albania retribution and mass expulsion and terror of Serbs from Kosovo post 1999
12th to 15 century: Nemanjić dinasty, we get church authonomy, this guy bilt this monastery, this one built this, one guy reads a lot about Alexander the great and wants to be roman empire, but he dies, and his son is bad, so empire falls appart, then we fight Ottomans, win the battle but loose most of the army and nobility, so Ottomans conquer us
I heard the problem is entering Kosovo and then intending to continue to Serbia.
>*As well in Cristendom as in* ***"Heathendom"***,
Fazon
Понос (RU: Diarrhea, SR: Pride)
It's easy because you hear it a lot
Unfortunately, the cost of living in Sweden is a teeny tiny bit higher.
Honestly i believe it's Ćevapi
(for cluster\*\*ck event / clumsy person)
"Save yourselves brothers, who wants and who can!
if you get rid of the past 30 years
Each year there is less snow, but this is the first time I've ever seen a winter with no snow at all
Albanians are completely unified as a people no matter the religion
we would've had vampir if english didn't adopt it :(
Actually Kingdom of Serbia - Kingdom of Yugoslavia
Austrian then, it was even given a status of a free city by Maria Theresa
our president, every time he goes on talk show its like meme industry gets easy material
It was already done with Slovakia, Czech R. and Finland, our government should now target Baltics
Have you been to the world cup in Russia
I understand Early Modern and Middle English
Aj dount nou abaut ju gajz, bat dis iz mejking mi laf sou hard
And the EU didn't learn from that
So there is this one guy
Kosovo up Vojvodina down
It is very high bar to be doing better than country who lost 25% population in ww1, close to 18% in WW2, country that was under international sanctions for years before getting bombed by NATO, had part of its territory occupied by it, and its unable to progress towards its EU path cause of Kosovo issue
North of Europe doesn't  have AC, we on south started having them 20 years ago
That means they have national interests and are using illegal activities(breaking international law) in order to achieve their goals.
I made a self-post because it's talking about middle-East and Europe.
either something from composers during the Renaissance or from Ex-Yu rock groups (very biased on this one though)
So 48% remain voters are now represented by around 20% of MPs.
I speak serbian/croatian flawlessly and yet when I go to visit any of them I immediately become a Janez ...
Well, OP wrote "No modern politics please, it might turn ugly
That myth is made by business owners so employees wouldn't find out that the owner is underpaying some of them
On a more positive note we have great relations with countries such as Greece and Russia because of WW1
The long name basic conversation is unneeded but honestly I like the way it sounds
Even those bench warmers who never get to see the field earn 5
It was a bit controversial since it could be interpreted in funny ways, but it was rather hilarious before controversial.
Serbians should not forget this.
I m literally supporting verdicts of international courts
When Serbia enters the EU, it will introduce both visas and sanctions to Russia.
You make no sense whatever but ok.
It's sad because I actually really love our flag but don't want to be associated with those fucks
I'm not sure about that but I know that we Serbs take pride in having domestic monarchies ruling over us during the period where having germanic monarchy was  the trend in Europe
I'm not gonna argue with you anymore, you can think whatever you want but the truth is that both sides were in the wrong, both sides suffefed many  civilian casulties and both were losers
PERKELEEEEE
Boy or girl:
Letting Kosovo go isn't on the table
different
I mean yeah, but this is more unique
Brothers orthodox paok partizan zvezda olympiakos gate 4 gate 7
I dont think it is, no
Coca Cola for basically any type of cola
We are sort of obsessed with Irish bars in the former Yugoslav state, you can find a bunch of them in every capital city
I feel that I should know more than I actually do.
Serbia isn't int talks to access the Russian federation, but the EU, so it makes sense.
Inb4 you get Wilders this march.
That's basically all I knew about Montenegro before reading this thread.
We do care, Serbia signed a deal with China and Hungary to modernise its rails and trains.
If they know that they're more likely to get asylum in Germany why would they apply in Hungary or Serbia?
Vučić is a modern day dictator, the only difference is that he is EUs puppy, so neither EU nor NATO care much because he is a loyal hoe
If you actually care about gay people from Serbia ( you probably don't, you just want to feel superior and stick it to them dumb backward conservatives ), you should actually support theit membership, because the EU can have a stronger cultural influence on a member-state, also people might turn more progressive if it was easier to visit the west or for westerners to visit Serbia, it would also be easier for Serbian gays to move to another country if they feel oppressed.
We hate you because of "Gay fart Tony Blair"
It's their behaviour
The point is, Kosovo and Serbia could not live in a single country.
Does it have to be modern or not
lolwhat, why don't they go to a different club
For me personally, I think I can name all 50, and brobubly even map most if not all of them
Serbia yesterday almost started a new war!
Many Serbs praise Putin and despise Merkel.
The coast, that's where half of Serbia goes to vacation at least
That's a very partisan thing to say.
Drzi se
There are various interviews where he states this, the most informative one being an episode of Cirilica with Vanja Bulic, where Maric straight out told him (Bulic) he ruined the cultural standards by allowing turbo folk to be played on national television, after which Bulic hurriedly left the studio
Whats disgusting is you mixing up your conflicts, while it is true that tensions were there with Bosnia and Croatia, first armed conflict in Croatia was enforced when Croatia sent attack Helicopters to destroy a Serbian roadblock, then JNA planes forced them back.
bonus points if its your own dog
1: Hungarian border - Belgrade
I have only one name for them:
[This map is pretty accurate for ExYu]
Europe should have buildings that are built according to the traditional architecture of every place
Sadly that doesn't exist but I prefer English anyways
Wouldn't mind that if american sweets were better, but they're really not.
Богомољка, which literally means "woman that prays to god"
Basically, they're saying child protection services will take away people's kids if they're aren't vaccinated (which is now mandatory, by the way) and then "sell" them to people from Western Europe (among them to gay couples)
My mom and dad go to Bosnia each month to refuel our car because it's cheaper
Even though I knew about the custom, it really takes some getting used to
You could use the same argument for pretty much any nation.
Serbian, closely followed by English.
Slovenia was the wealthiest part of Yugoslavia when they broke off, and that was one of the main reasons why they did that in the first place.
The only thing that is slightly out of use are the names of greater than the 5th generation
Majority of Serbs are economic and political illiterates.
It’s not that hard believe me, it’s easier than fucking english
Serbian nationalism and Greek nationalism (like Golden Dawn) are kinda tied unfortunately.
That wasnt nearly as bad as the bosnian genocide
Croatia is definately better off then Bosnia and Serbia or Russia(Montenegro).
Named himself preasident for life during the socialism era
later, in high school, we also started writing tons of essays and letters in English and I've also been experimenting with story-writing in English, though honestly my stories aren't so good because I'm overall a bad writer with badly thought out ideas, not just in English
when do you have dinner then
Thia is way you always show dead body to dog
Serbia-Kosovo train row escalates to military threat
If you're a man going out with woman, never ask to split the bill, it's expected that you pay, not just on a first date
EU warns Western Balkans leaders against "playing with fire"
Go to Serbia and try saying that stupid shit
German
Just related to one city, instead of the entire country.
It's neither ideological nor useless
Thank you, Greece, you are our greatest ally
Also it surprised me a bit, considering how much Russians we saw there and they call it pivo as well
Literally we have a saying that the host knows where you will be seated before you even arrive to his house, which is usually the best one
The army thing is what Russia did.
The new regime added the study of religion as a subject in both elementary and high schools, and intesified the praise of Saint Sava (our most praised and glorified saint)
Try talking with them about Kosovo or Srebrenica and they'll look at you like you're speaking gibberish.
Serbia is the more modern of the Balkans, Greece is, well, you know, Croatia is also more modern, Bosnia is complicated, not much to say.
Idk the extra "u" doesn't sound right
Maybe there are more males than females under 40.
Mc Stojan, Voyage, Breskvica, Coby, Rasta, Tanja Savic, Relja, Klinac
Saddest thing is that this is still a positive story more or less
So, notion to foreigners landing at Nikola Tesla Airport in Belgrade - call ''car-go'' service that is something like Serbian uber
One of the reasons it's considered rude is because it might inconvenient other people
I think the rise of social media, especially with the dominant websites being primarily in English (reddit, tumblr, insta, 9gag, deviantart, youtube…) has definitely contributed to that
We never have more than 7 classes per day, bc first shift would get mixed with second, and second shift would finish it after 8 pm, which is a bit late for the school kids
I'm currently lucky enough to earn few times more than the average sallary in here, and I won't be able to afford one fifth of that
No, we don't have mixed shifts
The best thing for the police force here is to not try and defend a man in such a clear and cut case.
Prvo je postovao crnaruka (srbin iz RS) koji cesto postuje slike/vesti sta vec iz republike srpske.
Yes but he would have gone thoruht the training
*N.Macedonian(sorry)*
Does most of Finlands population oppose joining NATO
I sure felt western EU's friendship NATO shower
Met quite a few Kasandras, haha
so how's dagobah this time of year?
He apparently found it very inspirational
On second hand, my parents would say the years before the breakup of Yugoslavia were the best time to live in our history (from around 1975-1990)
Hey that really depends, in some schools most kids choose RE
And you wanna talk about alternative history
So Kosovo is still Serbia then, correct?
There is more difference between the three croat dialects than the standard Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian.
Its really tourbolent area
He was born in Military Frontier, which is today Croatia, educated in Austria and spent most of his life in USA.
Can't believe they went that far, it's extreme even for then
Honourable mention of France
There was a map of the most frequently studied languages in schools posted here a few days ago, maybe it excluded English though.
Bosnia and Herzegovina is not a functioning state and it well never become one.
[hmm]
One argument for this type of erosion is that nations have become too big to handle the unprecedented population numbers and the increasing division in opinions of how a country should be run.
Well they were the biggest, like everyone knows who Hitler was, or who Putin is
Do you really in your languages learn it together "hvala lijepa", I mean we to say "hvala lepo" but if somebody would ask me how to say Thank you I would just say "hvala". Lijepa/Lepo means nice(ly) or beautiful(ly)
There are probably much more
No mosquitoes
That doesn't mean anything tbh.
What a nice circle of life we're living in, well, you at least.
Most of those have practical purposes, these muslims garments are the opposite.
I just think we shoulf ideologicly distinguish between medieval states based in fudalism and modern states based on modern ideas
I seem to remember some referendum where that circlejerk opinion was confirmed.
As already said, Austria-Hungary made the ultimatum to Serbia.
Balkaners are stereotyped as being drunk on rakija, which is far from truth
Za je za zabavni žur
Bukovina was Romanian from end of ww1 to ww2.
Yes, all parts of Serbia can afford to come to Belgrade for night life/colledge
Nor we are thinking about it or care for that matter
Literally every person has a different view on the Yugoslav wars
They even gave Belgrad to Suleiman the Magnificent, because they are more scared Hungarians than Osman Empire
Communism doesn't discriminate on the basis of your skin color, or nationality
And when it does, so will 5 EU member states and rest of world.
Most people in the successor states of former empires (whether France, Russia, Austria, Britain, Serbia) believe that or at least like the believe that they were "nice for empire standards"/like to forget it wasn't as fun if you were on the other side of it.
>(Ze is for the earthquake that destroys everything)
Today we have university on every street corner, degrees could be bought, curiculum for elementary and middle schools are archaic and burden to the students, who are left to learn on their own, if they want to know something other than basic stuff
Serbia is also probably close because of religion and you were the only NATO country that didn't bomb us in '99
But why did you say it's Macedonian?
I always check Eurostat for this kind of statistics and I am happy to see finally Serbia.
Yes, but it's not as easy as it was a year or two ago.
actually Neumann didn't event the computer, he invented the architecture the modern computer uses
No one will kill you or harass you for being christian/jew or muslim in the balkans.
Also Serbia just the year before was trying to grab Albanian land, why exactly should they have been nice to soldiers passing through, if that were the case?
And it is not possible EU is not aware of that, so the only question is why is EU corrupting Serbian officials
Turkey is fundamentally a stable country.
It is Saint Sava 100%, I think all of those guy above you mentioned are famous, but not that distinguishable
Alcohol consumption
I'm not gonna argue with you anymore, you can think whatever you want but the truth is that both sides were in the wrong, both sides suffefed many  civilian casulties and both were losers
(never give up on hungarization lel) Serbian is taught in some schools, Czech schools exist in the North/Central parts because of large Czech communities since ages ago.
loooool, you are Slavic, you are definitely more Eastern European than us.
I don’t care what someone’s ethnicity is, I don’t care what someone’s religion is, if you’re responsible and capable of murdering innocent civilians in cold blood and leaving many families displaced without homes to go to, you are heartless, despicable, disgusting, low life of a human being if you can even call them a human being
Congratulations on your immigrants sex *
Yes they invaded Crimea and started a war in Ukraine, I can see that as well, and I won't defend them doing this.
arent thous more serbian
Why did they need Kosovo
This is so sad its funny
The filmmakers wanted the right to show the darker side of the human psyche and to openly criticize the policy of the socialist state
Yup, at least we all agree on that
It doesn't have a border dispute.
I even wrote /s at the end of my sentence.
As I state in the comment you linked I don't deny that the Serbian forces commited heinous crimes during the Bosnian war, especially in Srebrenica.
What do the actions of prosecuted war criminals over two decades ago have anything to do with the peoples right to independence?
Chilli 0 to 15
And is it necessary to hang it right now
The name Siniša(Sinisha) Is the one I dislike the most
I was very, very happy that I don't have to carry that much cash around.
Republic of Kosovo isn't Serbia anymore.
Mona means pussy/vagina in Venetian dialect.
Sometimes one needs a kick in a nuts to realize error in his ways.
One of the funniest things I saw, related to US based evangelical Christians, was when few of them came to Serbia with idea to preach to the people
Negative
The Austria-Hungary created Albania out of the hidden tribes, in an effort to stop Slavic entry to the Adriatic sea
I do not think that „Србијанац“ marks a citizen of Serbia in Serbian language, as does "Serbian" in the English language.
I don't know for each and every of these lands, but Vojvodina would be probably the last one to secede.
are u in my psych class
Q=љ W=њ X=џ and we have few letters bonus 2 next to P (ш ђ) 3 next to L (ч ћ ж)
The 19th century and the Obrenović dynasty in general (as well as their allies such as Jovan Ristić) are more often romanticised by pro-Western liberal conservatives such as Latinka Perović, Dubravka Stojanović, Čeda Antić etc
At least for the first and last, my knowledge of Serbia is limited.
So, what's your name for English people then
to be fair, lightning is superior to micro usb
im saying she personally and the way she approaches things is annoying
I believe it would likely be the same just without the bombings
In London, I even met Serbians with Hungarian passport.
Ottoman Empire
I think Kosovo is part of Serbia but war is shit.
Opposition is steamroled and ignored
Although I have two friends who are religious and LGBT
Wow TIL im Swedish
I couldn't comprehend that Bureau is an english word when i first saw it
> Osijek: Definitely the most east-european looking and feeling city in the country
E) even police was some thimes checking if poppy plants where sliced (you slice them with razor and inhale it to get high)
You'd pretty often find people smoke 2 packs of cigarettes a day
If you're seriously calling the name dispute a 'crisis' it's clear that you're another westerner who doesn't know shit about the place they're talking about
what are you on about
Avoid Romania in January because you have a good chance to be stuck on some mountain road.
No one has ever found out the reason why he did it
When we lost that battle in XIV century, the Ottomans went through Bulgaria and created chaos in the Balkan states, and Serbia suffered the most
King Uroš I was married to a French princess Hellen of Anjou and she was ill or sad (I can't remember right now) so he planted thousands of lilacs which are still there today in a valle known as Dolina jorgovana(Valley of lilacs)
My thoughts exactly
It was natural and built into me because all those imported press and materials
Do you remember why they protested in the first place
Even when Bosnia was gaining independence, there were many European Christians that were really pissed off because the thought of a Muslim state in Europe was unbearable since Islam was much more foreign to Europe than Christianity.
It's just futile to argue with someone who whataboutisms something completely irrelevant into the discussion just because he feels he has the upper hand in that subject.
It was the flag the collaborationists used during the 2
How does being married change the concept of "cheating"?
&#x200B;
Oh he already critisises EU out of nowhere from time to time to the point of anyone except him being able to understand what is going on.
(Found this in r/youshouldknow)
Because he was born in today Georgia, their parents were georgians, although in that times Georgia was part of Russian Empire...
For Serbia, it has to be the Battle of Kosovo in 1389
Which can also be understood as "Teach me mother, fuck me".
Macron my dude you are right I really hope our president in Serbia will finally expel all these migrants from our country
We're close too, it's a few hours by train from Zagreb to Ljubljana and cheap too.
Im used to help some family with airbnb hosting, here in serbia
Qatar is obviously a disgrace, but even if Russia bought it(which is possible, if not probable) I see no problem with that for the reasons I have already stated
Danish is super difficult, but also kind of likable in a way, from my persepective
Similarly we can find a lot of car industries across Europe
It won't just let Mitrovica hop off to Serbia without demanding concessions from Serbia.
Na kraju se naviknes i palis obe strane jer te apsolutno zabole
It's [*Hawkeye*] probably
Baiting brigade would be more appropriate tho.
I like to trashtalk commies to be honest but not everything is black and white, turns out they did atleast something right in my country
Does it count if I spoke in another language so my parents couldn't hear me
I don't know you or your opinion.
Are you saying Russia was better in the 1940's?!?
until we have another war were people die and party leaders have a sun bath in Ibiza.
Other slavic languages, not so well
This post is talking about Europe in general, I don't know why you are here trying to start shit.
Albanians are the real ethnic cleansers in this story, I don't see how Serbia ethnically cleansed anyone in 1999 and beyond.
And former USA ambassador to Serbia had a last name Scott, so his pr used to ask the journalists to (inacurately) transcribe his name into Skat, so it wouldn't resemble Skot (son of a bitch) that much lol
Hi there :) I almost feel Greek, just need a dictator and his 40 thieves
Serbia, Bulgaria, and hopefully (with the new Russia common enemy) Ukraine soon too.
Hellion
Bosnia of course
In Serbo-Croatian it's "coward".
We were under nazi rule which obviously left quite an impact on us.
Too bad the bad and evil ppl run your goverment, and Im not talking about Tramp
His ugly face or his retarded federalist policies.
Honestly there are lots of those around
Thanks Greece for always being on our side and having good food with even better holiday destinations
I think the Americans, known as the most gullible nation with most power in the world, are gonna eat this propaganda of Soleimani being a "terrorist" and that will cause a new instability in the region as soon Iranians return the favor of killing a high US representative
The US agreed with Russia in the 80-90s that NATO won't expand towards Russia and look what happened.
Fiendens dom är här
For a trash contest - this would be a fine choice, but I do have higher standards and expectations for Eurosong
It's more like a "notice me senpai ;_;" relationship.
Don't talk shit about Greece and Romania, also Croatia only we can do that
I just don't feel like giving money to the assholes who use redirects without their logo or name, it is on the par with Informer being the worst pile of human shit in Serbia.
I can recommend you a good article but it's in Greek.
Its independent now and it isnt changing.
Can you give alternative link
You think this is just small group of people but you are wrong.
Ana-Maria, although not foreign anymore it's quite rare
I'm sure stonewalling Kosovo internationally is a boon for Vucic domestically and is somewhat emotionally satisfying and everything on a national level but I fail to see how it really helps Serbia.
Hard
In Hungary, the termination of pregnancy had been prohibited by paragraphs
Nadam se da ce se povredjeni oporaviti
There are reasons to be pro-Russian aside from literally being paid by their government.
Inland it's even more similar, it's almost uncanny
We usually like to say that we are a criminal clan masquerading as a country
Kosovo is Serbia
it's called [digraphia] To me it is second nature
What you observe are pan-slavic colours, (Red, White, Blue) based on the Russian flag which in turn was inspired by the flag of the Netherlands!
I love Greece overall, there is no part I didn't like, and a was there like 10 times
If i remember correctly the average height of younger males is 184ish.
I understood everything without knowing the words, it was a really strange experience
First shift starts at 8 am, second starts at 2 pm
No wonder people barely eat it anymore.
As a loose example, the difference in accent and vocabulary is not any larger than the difference you'd find in English spoken in Manchester compared to the one spoken in Liverpool.
Once the wedding reception begins, the bride will ask all of the single ladies “Do you want me to pull your nose
I read that the Hundred Years' War origin was false.
Bosnians = Croats,Serbs,Muslims.
What for was State of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes formed for
Not really
montenegrin language is a joke.
Then you dont know shit about monarchy
I've biked along Neringa last year, it's absolutely gorgeous
What's also interesting is that you can use any tense to talk about any point in time
Consequently, groups of males will frantically try to mate with a female, creating a sight that reminds of blooming flowers
Only Kosovo operates border control with Serbia (because Serbia still says Kosovo is part of Serbia).
I really think people, especially in more Western countries, should leave Romania (especially it's Gastarbaiter communities) the fuck alone with this whole "They're thieves, scammers and beggars" stereotype
No, they don't take their shoes off
Night life is great, Novi Sad is Europe's Youth capital this year I think
Well, believe it or not, Milosevic was less "nationalist" than Franjo Tudjman of Croatia or Alija Izetbegovic of Bosnian Muslims, and still today, Serbia is the most multiethnic ex-Yu country (for e.g.
Draza was working with Nedics fascist Serbia and with nazi Germany and was a war criminal.
Let's not forger her openly imperialistic, jihadist-supporting position on Syria either.
> In 1996, he was photographed posing at the grave of former Ustaše leader Ante Pavelić in Madrid
Actually if he meant per capita he wasnt very wrong.
We are nice and polite
In a plastic cup, it would be just better for everyone if there were no straws and not pasta straws because there is still some pollution from making pasta
Serbia is like Whimp Lo from Kung pow 2.
The way I understand it: In the second Balkan war we position ourselves against Serbia, which means in WW1 we are on the losing side.
Diggi kom mal Tipico
So when he asked for bread they  started adding it to absolutely every meal, even to pizza and pasta
There are no villains in this world, neither protagonists.
Seeing you guys have pro-Russian Serbia right next door and they hate your guts i wouldn't be that relaxed.
15-16 is perfect temperature for me
The numbers differ when it comes to the Bosniak and Serb victims specifically, even though they used more or less the same sources.
A leaked draft of legislation on setting up a new state body to commemorate Holocaust victims in Serbia has been criticised for allegedly glossing over the role played by Belgrade’s Nazi-allied WWII administration.
Odakle si
I didn't want to cause any shock or trouble his mind mentioning countries like Serbia, Belgium or Bulgaria which he probably never heard about before so I kept it simple and explained him that many other countries including France, the UK or Russia (the ones I was pretty sure he would know about) did take part.
We have a proverb, 'write like it's spoken, and speak like it's written'. We learn it in the first grade of elementary school
Looking at the map, it's very obvious being between Middle East (which was very powerful and influential region) and Western Europe would cause a bloodbath in the region
I would say this is a good reason to stop all EU negotiations but at the same time this will completely push Serbia and its people towards Russia.
If you want work, you must buy work DLC, otherwise no work.
Sure, there are people like that.
We don't like anything that comes from the US government
There's another one that plays mostly English music, but other languages are common, especially Spanish and French and Italian.
I will start putting money on the political outcomes I desire less, and when they happen (and they seem to always happen), at least I will have some comfort in free money.
I've straight up recited the old socialist Yugoslavia anthem and other old socialist phrases, several tongue twisters, and even quoted Jules Verne in French just to screw with people
The reason we aren't ranked as one by these western indexes is the west likes Vucic, he wants to join the EU and recognise Kosovo, the west wants this, most of Serbia doesn't
Probably because nationalists are still pissed of about the Ottomans
No need to be paranoid about various hypothetical events.
The rest is suburban municipalities
>and the US is quite friendly towards immigrants overall
They were never members of the party (my mother is also Italian, my grandfather was even imprisoned for a few years after WW2 because of that)
Tesla
Shit, how many of the former ones do you have???
Yeah basically, I figured it's not a staple in the north anyways
In business, not so much but it creates much less tension and problems than in Germany
legalize cannabis then make tobacco and alcohol illegal
And yeah, it was Serbs who sold Slobodan and their nation.
The fact that this is downvoted only proves your point
But it's not common as in most people eat various meat all the time (except hunters), but then again nobody will think of it as anything out of the ordinary
Well also burn oak branches (old pagan tradition)
He was the president of the EU parliament, that I know, but is there more to it?
Zaragoza
Out of all these, this one is the most interesting and unusual.
What do Italians think of Serbians?
Accepted but you what I've realised is that heavily criticising religions is seen as rather rude
You mean the Serbian elite didn't want Albanians there?
Most popular singers that people have been listening to recently are the following:
We still have a crown on our flag
If you are a guest, the host has to constantly cater to you and watch over you when you eat, to either ask you if everything's good or if you need any more food or drink
I guess we should've learnt from your ancestors' example.
Other than that the are no major differences in vocabulary or grammar
Of course it varies, there isn't a single country where all people take them off or don't. I also had no idea this was asked here before
Ukraine, Serbia, Moldova, Russia.
It should be easy to present counter arguments against my claim then, mate
I never implied that you are oppressed.
We're landlocked but I also have to go with Portugal
Just this week, Serbia threatened to invade Kosovo again.
History is a thing that is remembered.
Sounds like paradise
Everytime there's a debate about Slovenia, Serbia or nationalism, he's there spreading nonsesne.
Surely that isn't a mainstream source in Serbia.
Klošar is nowadays a popular term for people who are trashy and chav-ish
Why does everyone on this sub think that jokes = insults.
Banat was part of the Hansburgs and Hungary etc.
Lately, though, I've noticed a trend of putting a shitload of rucola (salad rocket) on any pizza.
Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian and Montenegrin are all the same language (usually reffered to as Serbo-Croatian), just different dialects
And like 3 days ago it was very hot
I'm a bit biased but it's my own country and people's history then it would be: in medieval and modern era Germany, Russia and France
I've worked, studied and lived in both countries and have experienced the health care in both.
If there are, do them and then do nothing
You don't go for maximum human casualties and total destruction (i.e.
The picture is great, but the second part of the title is completely unnecessary
Can you show us the artillery and tanks the Americans supposedly gave the KLA?
Serbian train with racist posters denied trespassing the serbian-albanian border
i know how it ended up, but the circumstances are still there and it most definitely wasn't "out of the blue".
How are the Amazon workers treated in your countries
Was wondering the same, same for Serbia as well?!
Millions of people around the world don't neatly fit into one single ethnic group.
I have a friend from mixed German-Serbian-Hungarian-Slovak background
See if you need an international licence and insurance for your trip.
It's like you didn't read my first reply
EDIT: and also there is this thing, it's not really a game, more like prison language, but is used sometimes as a game, basically u grab a word or name, f.e. Kola (car) u take last syllable, put it in front, in this case it would be laKo, then in front of now first syllable you put letter U, and in front of last syllable you put za, after last syllable you put Nje (ње), so in this case it would be Ulazakonje, it's called utrovachki, it's fun mind gymnastic, for me at least
Sure, making a genocidal criminal a national hero isn't exactly a nice thing to do but then again, it's not the first country to ever have done so.
for what they did to Hagia Sophia, so 11th after that
It has 15 judges who different organs of law recommend the candidates
Colorful graveyards are seen as cool and exotic
Those damn rebels fighting for freedom...
Bread here is 20¢
You could have translated that
...a deliberate caricature of the very worst type of Serbian politician.
com and literally any other big brand site doesn’t ship to serbia that very very sad
I'm planning on beginning this trip around June 2015, but I'm unsure on the exact route that I should take.
Those articles were edited later.
He got fined and lectured by a policemen for doing that
However if you also smoke and are out of cigarettes, you can ask anyone on the street, and if they also smoke, they'll give it to you, sometimes even 2 or 3 so that you have for later
That's still a cool example of being cultured, so may not be the best one for criticism
I've been looking and can't find anything.
Providing essential services or products.
This is something I've found out only recently
It's possible even Trump will push to legalize it to help his approval ratings.
geopolitics is a bias thing: if 1 strong guy bullies someone you were about to become friends with you sanction him, if your strong friend bullies some other kid from another school you don't give a crap.
Speaking as neutrally as possible Bulgaria was pretty much snubbed though, Bulgaria got less territory than both Serbia or Greece (Serbia effectively doubled its territory) while they got areas with Bulgarian ethnic majority especially in modern day Macedonia which was completely given to Serbia.
The Serbian clock-making industry is even older than the world-famous Swiss one
I'm talking 100% phonetical without exceptions, not even foreign names
I mean they are not doing so badly when you look at the region
I know the guy, and I will get my revenge sooner or later
Djudjevdan
The northernmost city in Serbia, it has (or used to at least) a majority ethnic Hungarian population
I meant that he is not some random dude and some archbishops give money for charity and help poor people.
UNSC resolution 1244 is still in effect, and Kosovo is Serbia until UNSC adopts a different resolution, and it won't happen.
Sorry to ask but why
Some higher ups could but whatever
Here in Serbia in most parts its ok to drink it and we do,but in some parts water isn't drinkable, but i personaly drink tap water
We did our share of atrocities, especially in Bosnia, but we never reached the Serbian level.
Plus we're a country of generally nice weather
You can learn it simply by watching youtube videos, TV shows, listening to music, playing video games
although it's only seems brutally effective when it's deployed in the sort of "get there, get rid of the enemy, get out"
Cause I remember Serbia delivering those accused of crimes to stand trial, including the very top political and military leadership.
They don't have the leverage for that, they don't have the means to survive if they breach the international law and self declare as Kosovo did.
Mala Subotica
Austria (Austro-Hungary)
For instance - Norway, yeah it has a pretty good life standard, but it's kind of uneventful and quiet, except that, I like cities and urbanized places more than mountains, forests and other natural goods
If you were to ride in our public transportation you would hear a lot of sorry's. The one bad thing is that we are one of Europes greatest smokers
Prešao is a form of the verb "Preći", while Prelazio is a form of the verb "Prelaziti". However both are in the same tense
Other things are pretty good here
Belgrade has two major parts
• Christianised, feudal medieval time
Their Naval power, which is non existent for Serbia?
The proposed line has been run before, and was proven not to be profitable.
i only now realized how immature [you are]
I think it's because Croatia is a holiday destination in the eyes of the west, while Bosnia and Serbia are seen as exotic warzones.
European social democrats historically identified as socialists and the parties today still identify as democratic socialist in their party constitutions and talk about overcoming capitalism
What i mean is, it feels like americans are really respectful to everyone living there, their cultures, ethnic backgrounds etc.
Around 1 in 3
I understand people get things wrong, but just the fact that so many people upvoted and gave awards to that comment is so annoying
Also Nedođija, meaning Neverland, likely not having anything to do with Neverland from Peter Pan
There was ethnic cleansing to a population who saw their basic rights get taken away.
Well the it is quite interesting that a country like Belarus (Which isn't exactly the richest country in the world) gifts the Serbians 8 fighter jets and two missile systems.
And after they were Russian too, the whole transfer was a Soviet joke, nobody thought Ukraine would actually separate.
Lindt is beautiful
It would be nice for us to not have even  a cameo
> Dugovics Titusz
Vojvodina has cultural and political autonomy since the creation of Second (Communist) Yugoslavia, but most of their economy is state - controlled
Some words are same as Serbian, familiar currency (Dinar and Denar),but some words are more like Bulgarian
In the end everyone would have to be employed as a border guard just make it work hahaha.
They arrested everyone the UN asked for and surrendered them up.to the ICTY.
Christmas tradition is Нож
When I was like 4 or 5
You can’t call Serbs great bunch of lads and seperate our province on the map
We have other crippling problems than those movements(they don’t have a large presence)
Every now and then, the ruling party gets desperate for political points come election, and they do something silly like when they sent that train to Kosovo which was more humiliating than anything else, but they'll be gone soon and hopefully we'll be on a better path.
I never noticed how similar they sound but yeah, you're completely right, it's almost uncanny
Yeah, I think so
um you realize raki and rakija are different drinks, right?
^excuse ^spelling ^pls ^dont ^kill ^me
I am liberal but for them is better to loose now and to realize their mistakes and come out stronger than to put every problem under carpet until it becomes too big of a problem
Exactly
We do that also
We have Natalie's Ramonda
The school system does a great job of making everyone hate it.
Now they (the one people that wanted to stay) want to "go back" to Serbia at least.
It wasn't the other way around this time.
There was also Austrian Chief of staff Von Hotzedorf, who was persuading Franz Joseph several times to war Serbia, only to be always stopped by Franz Ferdinand.
All the while reading shit that RFE prints
As per not wanting to downgrade, the way it works in Serbia (which is by no means a model example, being a poor country) is that all employers are obliged to contribute to public healthcare through taxes, but the good employers on top of that often offer the private health insurance to their employees
>What's the general opinion in serbia regarding EU vs kosovo
Yes, it's Serbia's fault the refugee crisis; we were one of the few countries which did not shut down borders, send an army or build walls.
We have culture of herbal teas so we use tens of different herbs for tea, but those two are most usual
Is that a thing anywhere in europe now
He still killed innocent civilians and that should not be forgiven just because he sheltered Serbs
Yeah, it's like some movie scene where this guy is a big villain
I crossed the street - Prešao sam ulicu
My friend got a contract from BMW and works for them in Munich
deciding what's appropriate is pretty much implicitly banning
Oh, yeah let's invoke Hitler because why not.
No respectable and independent source can confirm those rumors.
\[4\] In 1703 pope [Clement XI] himself of Albanian heritage, ordered a synod of local Catholic bishops that discussed stemming conversions to Islam which also agreed to deny communion to crypto-Catholics in Albania who outwardly professed Islam
I don't care who was in the right or in the wrong in that war
Wow the Dutch are really good at this
Whenever there is a thread about Serbs or Serbia you are one of the first to comment with some snarky comment against us.
We are more like what a child of a Russian and an Italian would be like
sory my brain just trurned of and i mixed up that 2 words
Hah, okay when Serbia, Montenegro, Macedonia and Greece give all the land for the normal Albania (which is now referred to as Great) :P
Ottoman Empire
Democracy is on a pretty low level
They're heavily whitewashed and seen as freedom fighters, mostly because many of them did join the [First Serbian Uprising] in 1804
Latvia is super tolerant towards their Russian minority.
If Macron wins France becomes a German vassal state.
Warning signs: no return ticket home, overpacking, bringing your whole family, not having a hotel/motel reservation, not having a tourist organization vouch for you, asylum request rates, etc.
I felt as if I returned to a home I never knew
Inna has been around even longer
My brain is now little scrambled
Trump gave his opinion on Brexit and the Eu when he was directly asked by some reporters.
It is a joke by Vucic and Seselj
If someone poured honey into music notes, and then they were sung with vocal chords of gold and pearl, the sound echoing throughout a chamber of ivory and onyx, designed by the Lord himself using the most virtuous of the Cherubs to construct it.
im not saying her agenda is annoying
There’s a (disputed) region that’s the subject of more than enough political memes that comes to mind
What Albanian country
It's something like marriage of nine people (4+4+1)
He was born and grew up in a Serbian family in present day Croatia (went to highschool there etc.).
We used webex cause the email invitation is rather simple to use
Serbian was "[secko]" for february.
every church that is pushing a political, sociological or economic agenda should be closed in my opinion.
More on the article in his comment.
That’s why zoomers don’t question religion
EDIT: Also, Propaganda=information, especially of a biased or misleading nature, used to promote a political cause or point of view.
I'm glad to hear it
100% of the time
Sweet popcorn exists
Rakija- people love it, but for me personally it tastes awful
If there are multiple versions in Bosnian/Serbian/Croatian is she using the "weaker"/non-romantic version with her family?
There are literally thousands of poems with hundreds of verses that used to be sung from memory accompanied by traditional instruments describing historical events, battles, kings and heroes
Uhm, Romania is a balkan country, Bulgaria is a Balkan country, Greece is a Balkan country (even though they act as if they arent).
In first grade we learn printed-like letters, but in second grade we learn cursive letters
oh boy, there are people arguing about that as we speak.
Also, I'm sceptical about the Croatian ''Živi Zid'' party.
People should understand that the situation in Kosovo after the occupation, ethnic cleansing, and war was socially and economically worse than most European countries after WW2.
You cut 1/4 of Serbia
It alps gets blocked if I use it in more than 1 country in 1 day, or if I withdraw more than $1000 in a 24 hour period.
If Beli and others gets enough people to go and vote, Vučić falls below 50%.
"Crypto-Christianity in the Balkan Area under the Ottomans". *Slavic Review*. **26** (2): 227–246 , pp
They could've successful enough to live a very comfortable life by sticking to just normal markets, instead, because of their greed, they've sunk to this depth of shame
What about Luxembourg, Malta, Cyprus, Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, Switzerland, Iceland, Serbia, FYR of Macedonia, Albania?
EDIT: and also there is this thing, it's not really a game, more like prison language, but is used sometimes as a game, basically u grab a word or name, f.e. Kola (car) u take last syllable, put it in front, in this case it would be laKo, then in front of now first syllable you put letter U, and in front of last syllable you put za, after last syllable you put Nje (ње), so in this case it would be Ulazakonje, it's called utrovachki, it's fun mind gymnastic, for me at least
Meh polls done by newspapers are worthless.
yea one of the top comments is "why is serbia *constantly attacking* others?"
In Southern Serbia,Zlatibor is covered in snow 24/7
I did a little bit of research on Serbia, Bosnia, Slovenia, Albania,, Montenegro, and Kosovo.
Well im 17 and looks like i got another 14 years .
No those are the ones that weren’t forced to flee
And they even backtracked in part.
Germany has a very small number of skyscrapers considering the country's size, yet its economy is the best in europe and one of the best in the world
Grimey and rough around the edges , but with character is how I would describe it ( being destroyed and rebuilt 40 times does that to you)
"i" (and), "a" (but/while), "o" (about), "u" (in) are the ones I can think of now
Females will fly 1–3 km before laying their eggs on the river, which then sink to the bottom
Many more as well just don't have time to name them all
What else does austerity mixed with a race to the bottom job market look like?
You only have burek
It's not a requirement officially but given that any individual EU member can block accession it's extremely unlikely Serbia will get in without recognizing Kosovo.
Bread, margarine, sausage
It is a true symbol of good intervention and salvation.
Considering how incompetent Hollande has been, that could be even interpreted as a compliment in a way.
Because posting related content in Serbian-related threads is "propaganda".
When I lived in Romania, first few months i was so confused how can I almost get the context of what people say sometimes, without ever knowing any word of  Romanian
Explain your hatred for calling it a shitthread then.
The question is weird for me, since you would be eating at a restaurant, which is the normal thing to do in a very literal sense
Tho i didn't expect some countries to be better.
You mean Internet Serbs living abroad?
Clothes
Politically and artistically very important
I think thata biggest traitor was Milos Obrenovic
Wow, I didn't know that
We are all just humans and that should be the most important thing
Everything I can forgive, but our prime ministers tears I cant!
2/3rds of Montenegro already lives in
Kenya of course, but in Serbia they speak a totally different language, they don't know our movies, we don't know theirs, we don't know each other's folk tales, music references, cartoons, athletes, food (although there are similarities), politicians.
It is medicine, I mean, everything that you wish could be medicine, but they want your money for psychodelic ones
Those people are idiots so dont worry about their oppinion
We have to learn to mutually understand our particular languages.
He is being populistic to boost his ratings because elections are coming up soon.
Azithromycin(Kinda)
He went too deep
Interesting, because *revnost* here means "zeal, enthusiasm".
Hehe pretpostavljam da je istina negde na sredini, ali što se ovog drugog tiče stvarno ne mogu da se setim da sam ikad videla u Novom Sadu zastavu istaknutu na nečijoj kući ili na terasi
What happened in 1918
Meanwhile in Croatia, a Croatian equivalent of Sieg Heil is on a plaque in Jasenovac concentration camp memorial site
once; WWI was not caused by Germany, but Serbia/France/Russia.
Serbian independence is a result of of an ethnicity desiring their own independent state.
You could admire the Germans and Germany and be wary of it in the same time
Bosniaks are organizing a brigade on a discord server because of the Rep srpska post.
It's juts
Ostali isto je slave ali u svojim kucama
As for safety I don't think you have to worry anywhere in Europe for that really
You just described all the major cities in Europe.
Nagoya (don't know why I remember this one)
Also the Roma
[Serbia was the only country outside Poland and the Soviet Union where all Jewish victims were killed on the spot without deportation, and was the first country after Estonia to be declared ‘Judenfrei,’” a term used by the Nazis during the Holocaust to denote an area free of all Jews.]
Ahahahah umirem
Kurds of the Turkey are no less Ottomans, but more expansionist and Islamic habibi.
Can't you have a strong economy without the skyscrapers
I find the whole tirade pathetic tbh, I love how the media and posters on reddit are like "hurr durr, how dare Russia trying to protect their own interests".
Or it could just be bored teenagers, either way it's interesting
It's not only about which side you are on.
I've seen most of Europe, and honestly Serbia is one of, if not the safest country I've ever experienced
Have you actually read the article?
"Serbia has 80% chance of joining EU; but not before 2027"
You need to pay doctors to get treatment
Markov - Marco's (son)
Dude, he never said in this interview that they will not annex Crimea.
I was hoping to visit it this year, but oh well, 2021 might be better
Insane people
Othervise, no pattern
Our current president
I'm inclined to say the young liked him much more.
>Expulsion is the method which, so far as we have been able to see, will be the most satisfactory and lasting
That is still not setting the bull on fire.
Same goes for their independence declaration.
Yes, everyone was either a Serb or a Turk according to dumbass Serbian propaganda, which is being disseminated all over reddit even to this day.
Because the Serbian state supported the murder of the heir to the Austrian throne and refused an Austrian investigation into it
Whereas spoken Ukrainian is very easy to understand, every single Russian person I know can follow Ukrainian -- sure, some words might be different, but you can understand based on context clues.
Yes, true, but it would be unwise to forget that Germany or Germans tried to wipe us out twice in the last century
In this case Albanians took land from Serbia and unilaterally declared independence, which is illegal, since resoultion 1244 states United Nations will decide the political status and future of Kosovo while it *remains* under Serbian rule
It’s so sad
I didnt said that, but only answered to why people consider Kosovo to be special in Serbian history
If you hired, say, spanish construction companies to build something and they bring all spanish workers, it makes no sense for them to speak french it only makes things more complicated.
Here, if you attend state owned faculty and if you do your EE well, state will pay for your education, usually in the current school year.
All of these wars were made in the name of nationalism.
Guess we here are stars of r/europe.
which is in process of being changed this year
Nothing will disprove your claims to you because you ignore anything to the contrary.
Polonium slingshots - best slingshots.
I cringe when ppl call them Kosovars
Well thats sucks
Erm, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia you mean?
Zumbale el mambo pa' que mis gatas prendan los motores
Železnice is Railways in Serbian
For 1 RSD you can't really buy anything
And it's not like Gavrilo Princip was working alone, there were other members of the organization on the streets of Sarajevo waiting for a chance to assassinate the prince, but Gavrilo Princip was at the right place when the car stopped.
Nationalism didn't even exist and even ethnic identity was a fluid term.
There is no really a hatred towards Germans anymore, but they are still remembered as the enemies
Greetings from Serbia
My major point was about the continental aspect tho, imagine if Serbia were to have a war again, I would hope the EU would step in to end the fighting, we can't be a civilized continent and continue to have endless wars plop up everywhere.
Whether someone likes it or not is irrelevant but Europeans don't really have much of a choice other than to accept left leaning "globalist" structures.
Belgrade is one of the oldest cities in Europe, with excavations confirming that the settlements continuously existed here for at least 7000 years
Your kind of mentality is whats keeping the whole balkans in the fucking ground.
Pretty much, considering you calling something a terrorist insurgency and Serbia always being on the losing end when they spew such rhetoric
Having looked at a few other of her photos, they seem more blue to me
Because the organizations that Facebook once mentioned are political activist groups whose members are everything but objective.
I dont think the number of people having aids in german is that high.
Saying the spam bots "Kosovo is Serbia" with your only argument of being the London conference is so absurd
Instantly or by the end of 2020?
Yeah, an economist applying for a job that has a lot to do with economy, just imagine
Eh, Serbia is our neighbor and they use it.
Hey, at least we didn’t stole your Transylvania
Um, can you guys please stop having such awesome protests?
The epilogue of said decision was a military occupation of Montenegro and thereby loss of it's independence.
True ustasha chant is ''Za dom i poglavnika spremni''.
In Canada any adult can buy cigarettes.
Why are you replying seriously when I was clearly being sarcastic?
I'm sure you can go back no problems.
Not to mention that in casual written conversation (on facebook itself, for example) not all Serbs follow that rule.
Obviously uuhm Venezuela, Serbia, North Korea and Syria.
Basically for here in Serbia its:
we eat it in serbia during christmas holidays
I believe you'd need a passport since Serbia isn't apart of the EU or Schengen.
And what do you do after that, kill a top ranking general who probably didn't have anything to do with it and was invited by the Iraqi government
pretty sure they're even paid relatively well.
Djani
They would say anything that is in their interest
Some are darker than others
There is a food company called "Aleva", and it was the first producer of minced paprika here
Half of the Serbian population has seen this show (if not more).
Smallest: [1 dinar] - 0.8 eurocents (approx)
Bush didn't know in the first place
US for the bombings, no idea how it can be fixed but first step is persecuting Clinton and his helpers for the illegal use of depleted uranium
Eastern Roman Empire
>You have one big unresolved border
Also the voice "h" does not exist (šv: hleb, kr: leb, translation: bread)
Illegal in Serbia, but practiced in small local stores if it happens that you forgot to exchange some.
To honour our Finnish brothers
Sometimes in Belgrade police can actually fine you (if you are that uncareful not to notice an officer on the other side of the street, since it's easiest way for them to fine somebody), but generaly it is acceptable.
Actually, Yugoslavs were forced to learn one of three: Russian,French or German.
Serbia be like: told you, bro ;)
As wise people said, every problem has it's roots in certain event that happened in the past
Central Asians, European Muslims (Albanians, Bosnians) get a bad name because Iraqi or Yemeni Muslims murder there daughters for marrying outside their religion.
Whether we like it or not, they're still the masters of our fate here in the Balkans.
Why don't we take the 60,000-80,000 Albanians that live in Serbia and exchange them for the 50,000 serbs that live in northern Kosovo, than Serbia will have to mind its own business.
Stefan, Uroš, Dušan, Vukan, Nemanja, Milutin, Dragutin, Đorđe, Aleksandar, Petar, Mihajlo, Milan, Miloš.
The problem was that a Yugoslavia with a powerful Serbia was too skewed politically to them, with Serbia almost having a majority on the Presidency with the combined control of Vojvodina, Kosovo, Serbia itself and Montenegro giving them basically giving them veto rights against Macedonia, Slovenia, Croatia and Bosnia.
This is like that Canada on strike episode of South Park
Imagine what would have happened if they would have allowed both sides to fight against each other ...
In my country its mediocre
what's funny is that you don't know shit about serbian EU accession.
Forces from Serbia achieved military victory in the part of Croatia they were involved in.
What I m denying
Leave religion & politics out of the mix and Croatia fits as well
Romania has its issues, but saying it's doing worse than Moldova, Ukraine, Serbia and even Bulgaria is retarded.
I'm not really sure that they are better like that but that's a closed chapter
Laws are not followed nor enforced
I'm down, every fourth month we should let the animals roam free for it's duration
Only one
Hey, ive seen this one
Not sure if trolling or genuinely ignorant.
Amazing band, Szelvesz and Siraly are fucking nuts
Croatia most likely
The Armenians, Greeks, Serbians, Albanians,etc beg to differ
I remember Kesić making fun of him for this
We have trains but they barely move
It's not like there is a lot left.
totally agree, minus the enjoyment part
Chances are that there will be one single solution for these two issues.
Including antivax, contrails etc
Look, I came across those quotes multiple times on the internet over the past years, I didn't "invent" them
For your people in particular, I think it was.
Being from the northern part of Serbia (Vojvodina), can confirm I can swear in Hungarian, Slovak and Ruthenian, as well as in Serbian
Here it's a part of life, it's a branch of government
Good boys
Yes especially with Croatia for WW2
When AH started bombing the city, they sent a letter stating that Serbs should surrender and meet them at the railway station, waving the white flag
We had a veto from Netherlands and Germany before, as i remember.
They tend to stretch them out a lot and sometimes add some extra sound to them
I had similar problem
I'm forced to learn this language, I have been learning it for about 12 years and still wouldn't be able to converse properly with anyone.
Actually it's not like that at all
It was Russian Empire not the Soviet Union.
And I don't think that on that level, Serbia points on the same direction that Western Europe does.
I agree it is actually the most beautiful language on earth
You're Serbian so you need a visa to visit the US.
Like amount of educated people that left
It's a real shame, they spat on their audience and legacy
They're around 25% mutual intelligible but exposure did it's thing.
Only Bulgaria is the question mark at the moment.
living there) you are gravely mistaken my kind sir.
pretty unsuccessfully on both counts it would seem.
Look at weed and the usa, simple stuff really
Cyrillic:
These two words are unrelated
You guys were lucky, you "only" had to deal with those issues :)
France
I said "Now they want to go back to Serbia **at least**." And edited now to make it a bit clearer.
I don't even have a Cyrillic keyboard enabled on my PC
We had 2 emperors: Dušan Silni and Uroš Nejaki
I was about to write the same
For even more protection, the bride should carry a small mirror to frighten demons with their own reflection
Though, we did learn he was a superior military commander, big IQ & very intelligent, etc
The French tend to be tough to work with when it comes to supplying customers with parts and weapons, on the other hand the Swedish will literally implement any weapon you ask for onto the plane, and the plane seems much better suited for the needs of Croatia
In most European countries, including in the East, the younger generations are more liberal; fortunately Serbia is an exception, but that might not always be true.
If you were right, the sharp decline wouldn't happen BEFORE the deal]
Yeah but if you speak Croatian then you speak Serbian and Bosnian also.
No corelation to the Czechs though, rather to the Crvena Zvezda football team.
They are already clogging up the German asylum system.
If Turkey does withdraw from these lands, Kurds and Armenians would become mortal enemies overnight.
All the countries they crossed after leaving Syria (Turkey, Greece, Macedonia, Serbia, Hungary and Austria) are safe countries
Eh for a redneck type of thing a seljačina would be a better equivalent , and we also do have džibere as well
Not really i'd love to visit every European country (yes even the microstates)
god i hope no more american sweets show up here because the younglings will rush to buy them as they've seen them in their favorite movie/tv-show and they'll kill the competition of good sweets we already have.
Indeed, you guys just defended your allies, if anything it was Serbia and Austria-Hungary's fault.
Thank you, Serbians are basically Bulgarians lol
Im not, until Izetbegovic came, only identities in Bosnia were Serbian,Croatian, and Muslim (that can only be Croatian or Serbian).Unless you wanna go full Turkic?
Characters who speak American southern accent in original sometimes speak some kind of southern dialects or accents in Serbian, because they're often seen as rural or uneducated dialects
~~Envy = zavistan  it means addicted (like in seanse addicted about what people think that you dont have same things like other persone)~~
i don't think there is a country more culturally similar to Greece than Turkey
Croatia arming for war it seems!
I just said that Croatians no longer use Cyrillic, but however many of them can still understand it
[Bora Dugić - Običan balkanski dan (Regular Balkans day)] this one perfectly captures the dynamics of an everyday life in the Balkans and incorporates various Balkan sounds into one
- Ancient civs -Messopotamia, Egypt, Greece, Rome
it's apparently also very much a thing among highly educated, atheist, college liberal parents.
I like it
Some brown some grey
Eh, the world would be better place if everyone was centrist.
I mean, tha half of math and physics is just GREEEK letter
He's like this every time Serbia is mentioned
The US has played a negative role in the political history of Greece, with the aid to the military junta being among the top reasons why the US is disliked.
Serbian and croatian are different because they tend to use old slavic words for shit while we follow latin changes for some stuff and have a bit more foreign words.
And I am pretty sure Serbia and Macedonia got more refugees last time because our route is longer and people have problems with our border guards( DING DING, Border control working example, in case you didn't get it).
Specially since our IT sector (I will get to it next) is booming a lot of startup IT companies are demanding us to legally represent them and write the contracts
As always we are nation of extremes, and everything is black and white
I think I met this guy once at a hackerspace.
I consider myself a good english speaker(lol), and i still struggle with articles
Me personally, I'd like to study or live there for a year to experience it but that's about it, the US that is
Albanians who did move to Kosovo in the following 200 years had no such intentions, and saying we did the "same thing" 200 years later is laughable already
We in Serbia now have a satirical presidential candidate that represents the young people fed up with the corrupt system.
Yes, you've read it correctly, EITHER
They don't know the language and the diploma of their schools which it would be invalid even if they had it because it's outside EU.
For clarity this is what is talked about, the four C signes on the shield.
film was expensive, and you couldn't risk it all on a bad smile.
Belgrade, Serbia here
Idk why but I read Pizza Hut the first time,even though nearest pizza hut for me is in Moscow
I think you were saying they want to go back to Serbia.
Ahahah thanks for this
Tf you mean "take anything back" you never had it, Kosovo didn't change its borders a single time for the duration of it being a country
The golden age of Serbia could be considered under Car Dušan's rule
Surprisingly hard
Thank you Greece for everything you did for Serbs in WW1
Yeah, "sladak/slatka/slatko" - cute, but literally means sweet
I really like Polish patriotic song "Rota" and the Russian "Sacred War" as well as the Slovak anthem "Nad Tatrou sa blýska"
Isn't Canada importing a lot of refugees from the middle east, regardless of their competence?
It's even a fucking Croatian news site.
I agree
lmao,that goes for Serbians who are currently trying to occupy all of the coast by trying to kick out Croats,Albanians and Muslims.
*Ulje na vodi: Ogledi iz istorije sadašnjosti Srbije* (PDF)
You can understand very well what the map meant.
In fact many men are quite opposed to sacrificing their own comfort to raise a child.
I mostly went for the modern Kings
Yes
"Ruscism"- is this the new buzzword now?
Underground
Yeah, *jednolično* or word *lično* is in Bosnian and Serbian.
Serbia abolishes Visas for these 3 countries: Easier travel to Azerbaijan, Armenia and Georgia
Serbia, Croatia, Montenegro and B&H are all very similar, same language, similar culture, rakija
Polish
what are your opinions on the EU refugee crisis?
I think your forget this is 2016.
Lmao true
You made mistake in this map
Serbia Serbia Demands Haradinaj’s Extradition from France - threatens retaliation
To this day, when talking to foreigners or anyone from the outside, after a while people get semi taken aback when you talk of your home favorably or show any sign of, well, *normality as a person
It's illegal under every possible law, 2
Yet, since police is seen as job for mostly low - educated, poor and as a last result (because you will get a job after training for sure) a lot of people come from rural and poor areas and finish up serving in Belgrade, causing some to travel more than 100 km to their working place, daily.
I feel like u want to mention something about war and ppl running from here to Nordic countries.
So, be sure to discover a lovely perfume to adorn yourself with, as you wouldn’t want to emit the aroma of garlic on your big day
Yours is just slower and more winding, while ours is quick and more striking.
And also, I don't think many people here know opium comes from poppy plant
Online games, more specifically MMOs and listening to others
That is just a phonetically adjusted foreign name, we use the same principle everywhere
When every region of Serbia declares independence?
A very unique Serbian wedding custom is the “Buying of the Bride”, where the bride is sold by her own brother, and bought by the groom
Thanks Bosnia and N.Macedonia for keeping up with our shit all these years
Last accession was Croatia and literally no one even noticed.
Also the same goes for all your supporters and especially those who have sold their asses for 200 euros you gave them to vote for you yesterday and you still lost
In Artsakh, Azerbaijan launched undiscriminated military campaign against Armenian populous with open help of Turkey, I would say even alongside Turkey
It might survive, yeah, but without some members
was all about Kosovo and their Independence.
You can get a 120-50 sqm apartment in Belgrade waterfront (the massive high-end housing project being built at the moment)
Kosovo is a province, RS has a higher degree of autonomy, it's an entity, so its even easier for them.
If they can afford to give such ludicrous salaries to individuals, they can be taxed more
I know that it's satirical, but that went a bit far.
They went from pagan vikings to christian fanatics to secular social democracy in about 800 years
So yeah, much easier for someone like me to learn Russian than a let's say American
The route was created by a KFOR bulldozer to be able to supply a Serbian village with sanitation.
No, national states are sooo 19th century.
is it similar to german
Some people do have the superiority complex, unfortunately
where even if you work, you work off the books.
Relatable McDonald's experience
Millions of refugees from Eastern Europe received asylum in the West during the decades the iron curtain split Europe.
Nažalost, rak rana ovih prostora je spominjati zločine one druge strane i to koristiti kao argument.
april fool's day lasts for two days this year
"Iron" probably came from "nail" here.
i just read 10 minutes ago half of the raspberries in Sweden are from Serbia
No surprise as the province has lowest fertility rate, highest emigration rate and highest suicide rate in the country.
The morning after that, I was on a plane with my six year old going out of town.
There is huge intra-EU co-operation between pharma companies.
The most popular radio here (Radio Bubamara) plays a mix of Croatian, Serbian and Macedonian pop music.
first time i'm hearing about this, tbh
No you can't. In most countries you can make choose letters, numbers or combinations
Both of them had only high school education and worked in a steel mill as an administrative workers
Early modern English and middle English without much trouble, Scots i can understand mostly but less than middle English, rest i don't understand anything i can maybe pick up on like every 10th word
Harder then spanish but still not hard
It's the same thing with China and Russia; they don't do it out of love from their hearts, but because of their own problems.
However, if the glass stays intact, a girl will be birthed
Looks like they are getting worser with each generation
Most of the guns people own are from Yugoslav times, and it probably just sits on some attic
Like every thread about Serbia ever.
Serbian army never had 4 Oscila on their back,maybe as an insignia on their shoulder, but never on their back.
Whatever happens, just don't take it too personally
We should give them sea of Serbia
My friend used to live above the sex shop in Amsterdam
Ah yes one of those threads again...
Three has a great symbolic meaning, like Holly trinity, third time's a charm, three wise men, probably even more in prechristian period, but two not so much
as a Serb I can confirm this would piss us off
To be fair I think there was some anti-Macedonian rally in the city at the time as I saw Macedonian Greek flags everywhere but then again Greeks love their flags
I personally hate clothes with logos because I find them lazy style and hella stupid
This old block is filled with trees surrounding every building almost just like in the picture
Oh right, it happens
Belgrade is called Beograd in Serbian
Probably this is why the two countries didn't really get on well with each other (too similar).
Yall are weirdoes
Orban seems pretty tough but sadly he's quite short
The Bosnian language is like old Serbo-Croatian with a some words that are specific to Bosnian language
So you think that sending in "fake" serbian army soldiers to reclaim that territory, and then have a shady referendum with results that the international community will condemn anyway regardless of their authenticity because it will be tainted by the aforementionned military operations will bring a whole lot of good for Serbia and serbians in the future?
she's herself an illegitimate daughter
Nothing will change between Serbia and Albania that one is an ego contest...
You keep mentioning this " getting something " by never explaining it to me
Dude, I know you're here for the "peace and love" slogan, but truth is a couple of Hungarians plotted to commit a terrorist attack on our national day and not one Hungarian official condemned it.
Serbian is a citizen of Serbia.
It is easy
It's fucked up that none of our media is showing these
I'm sorry but that looks more like six gorillion protestors
Romania & Bulgaria: savages who screwed the EU
Don't mention Kosovo
" and such
Both: 34
Not too much,but some words yes
Joking
Check's the map, check's Serbian one, [the feels]
Bulgaria
Religion doesn't count for shit.
Croatian and Serbian are closer than that.
It's clear that you have no clue what you are talking about, but I will bite
Zdravo
Czech is, in comparison to Slovak a bit more complex to understand
No no, I was probably unclear, I think the expulsions of 1878 were orders of high-ranking officials, and were relatively unknown at the time as they still mostly are today
Hopefully someone picks it over here
Either way, they are not representative of the popular opinion in Serbia.
Are you saying most of Serbian farmers are in the Serbian army?
Thessaloniki - Solun
I don't know how that works for them but in their company I make a conscious decision not to talk about religion
Did you know that Norway funds yoga for women in Serbia?
Well, first they would have to deal with Montenegro issue
When we lost that battle in XIV century, the Ottomans went through Bulgaria and created chaos in the Balkan states, and Serbia suffered the most
You might think otherwise since we had a lot of wars and things, but I feel like that's the only reason why we have such high number of guns, I feel like extremely safe walking around and the last thing on my mind is that someone is going to shoot me
Iz kojeg grada je ekipa
There are also mandatory benefits, like health and pension plans, but those are state-governed, so they're nothing special
bmk - boli me kurac (literally my dick hurts, in english: i don't give a fuck)
He merely wants NATO members to pay their dues, which is completely reasonable imo.
"Serbia is permanently committed to military neutrality"
It could be said that there was some ground work for potentially doing that in mid 14th century
My grandma has heart problems for a while and the hospitals really helped her stay alive.
I don't get why you have a problem with Republika Srpska, there is a huge Serb majority there (+80%), so why should they not have a say?
The border of Serbia with Srpska is beyond idiotic, and center of our capital Sarajevo would be 2 kilometers away from Serbian border.
Men: Caslav, Ratomir, Vlastimir, Prosigoj, Viseslav, Konstantin, Mihajlo, Vukan, Zavida, Nemanja, Rastko, Stefan, Vladislav, Radislav, Radoslav, Uros, Milutin, Dragutin, Dusan, Petar, Aleksandar, Milan i probably missed some
I don't say that Kosovo does not belong to Serbia historically.
By blackmail in 2006
Public sector employees in Serbia are basically regime's personal army, each and every of them goes to vote, and will most likely fight (if needed) for the regime, just to keep their jobs.
Second, you are teaching false facts to your children and to your students.
Any military had to vote for sepparation or they were served transfer papers to Serbia
I really thought you had that tier garbage of your own so im a bit surprised you know of her
I doubt that there are many 45+ year old Easter Europeans visiting reddit who could give you their first hand experience with communism
I found pretty much all countries I visited filled with mostly very welcoming people (must be my charming personality).
Ottoman empire
Over 60% of our state firms were "privatized" after Milosevic.
No, no one uses generational names
Apple Shooting:
Are you Kosovar or are you Albanian?
Got me there
So, Dodik the second
Anyway he isn’t viewed as the saint on the same level as Saint Sava
Also the same goes for all your supporters and especially those who have sold their asses for 200 euros you gave them to vote for you yesterday and you still lost
NATO bombing of Serbia in 1999.
And with their salaries they could afford to go on vacations to Greece, Spain, Malta, Tunissia, Italy, Germany, France
8% literate, 14% mostly literate, 53
Look, I came across those quotes multiple times on the internet over the past years, I didn't "invent" them
I can't say I agree with the EU pulling Serbia by the nose though.
The question is, is it a genetic or a cultural thing?
I'm fine with this situation where they suffer in sort of pseudo-purgatory, not truly being part of Serbia and at the same time never being granted a true independence.
As i said, Romanians,Greeks,Bulgarians,Russians,Ukrainians, and every East Orthodox nation is our 'orthodox brother'.
As a country Romania didn't had any grudge with Serbia but we help you and now some of them hate us.
So yeah, I would say "too bad history isn't such a narrow thing".
it's odd if you don't have one
How about you do something about that?
Which is reason why all the bigger countries don't recognize it
No problem, really, glad I could help
-Some people believe Serbia is purposely causing us drought and bad weather with HAARP systems.
The division between people who liked him and those who don't is huge and alive up to this day.
Im sure he's loving all his money while locked up in an embassy jerkin' off and shitposting on the donald.
For most of history, Montenegro was a Serbian nation state which, unlike Serbia, Bosnia, etc.
But i would have nations that are almost the same under the same state as a whole is stronger than the individual parts.
They are not innocent when it comes to Kosovo and they also caused much "trouble" with their own speratist movements in other countries which is maybe the reason for the hard NATO offensive.
There was black market for them where people would be selling them on the streets referring them as Swedish action movies
Only then can others continue with their normal eating
9 million
Plum rakija -> sljivovica
They were petitions and calls for another referendum, in the US electors were getting death threats, we have a lot of cases about Trump voters getting literally beat up on the street.
Not a really good solution, see the war between Serbians and Croatians in their shared country, Yugoslavia.
I wonder how deep we have to go into the leagues and how much of a shitty player you have to be to earn less than an educated scientist
it's a different dialect I would say.
They even protected me and allowed me to stay in their homes while I was dodging the Serbian Army draft.
The man who created a tiny country he can no longer enter: one man is trying to create a utopia on what he says is unclaimed land between Serbia and Croatia, even though he's banned from setting foot in his would-be territory
If that demonstration in front of the embassy is attack he organised, than he didn't know to organise one, because other than cosmetic damage to embassy, there was nothing else
It's somewhat popular, there is a few clubs all over the country
Love, too
Like, what did you expect
Yes, I realise that we are partly responsible for Serbia's poverty.
Although in Serbia -ov surname is rare (we add additional -ić), it would be grammatically correct to add -a for female although in Serbia we don't.
[X-post /r/DataIsBeautiful] Who pays the most into the EU - and who gets the most back?
lool, I always found it funny that we drink a special grind/blend of Arabic coffee that we inherited from the Ottomans and call "Turkish coffee" (aka "homemade coffee"), while the Turks today almost exclusively drink black tea.
The pro-European stance of the population and political parties was a major driver in the successful push for independence from Serbia, as the latter traditionally orientated towards Moscow.
Is it just me or women here are as attractive as women from anywhere else?
worth every buck spent for the US
To = That
From where are
A Yugoslavia can't exist if Serbia isn't a cripple old man
This is kinda related, [here's an article] about Liberland, the libertarian utopia independent until Croatia and Serbia reach an agreement on its common borders.
We eat Burek and pljeskavica much more
It won't be a world war(hopefully)
On the other hand it doesnt surprise me at all.
Although I agree that Philip II was a great ruler, he is one of my favourite ones (only after Luis XIV)
Or an American who lived/lives in Serbia and/or Italy
But then again, the history of the Balkans includes Croatia, so I guess something like that shouldn't be too surprising.
Growing up in Yugoslavia the party all along wanted me to be more aware  of the dire need to protect bees and butterflies
Now, I lived with my parents, grandparents and my brother
You can read/write Croatian in Cyrillic and have it be 100% functional.
I'm pretty sure it's a hypothetical question to discuss
Or not, but you need to look into that more than moving back
Just the Balkans in general
the rest are beggars and thieves of course.
Same here, feel like we have more similar words
Posting about politics on the social network also never happens.
It begins with the Ottomans and the Russians fighting, and with the subsequent Treaty of Berlin in 1878.
Brie, Mozzarella and Gorgonzola.
Croatia, Bosnia and Montenegro
nah, romania simulator doesn't have the "recover from 2 wars and bombardment from the strongest countries in the world" campaign.
sljivovica is a subtype of rakija
Truly horrible shit happened in the Balkans during the 90s, no one should've lived through it
If Turkey cannot join EU, then EU will join Turkey.
Well this uprising didnt do much, but it was the first time in 500 years that we had our land back even if it was just a short term thing.
But one thing is for sure, Iran and the USA will have a dick measuring contest that might get lots of people killed in the Middle East
Dialect spoken in south (Nis and places around Nis, Torlakian dialect) are somewhat less understandable but you can understand it still if you listen a bit more carefully.
Creating a humanitarian crisis in some field in Serbia doesn't do shit.
Kosovo has many minerals that were going to make bigger countries a lot of money
Nonono, not if you toast it
The Pulling of the Nose:
Lets face it, this sub IS biased.
Of course they have more in common with Austria.
Go to the kafana and eat until you die.
And yes, the sates were formed by the same people
In our law the Constitutional court is treated as something different and not a regular court, but a whole different entity hence ya can only go there when you used up all of yer legal remedies
I don't have any suggestions for my country
And famous one: Žili mi ruka - literally means “my arm is showing tendons” but what the person was saying is “suck my cock” (liži mi karu)
It's hard to say for sure
You can’t call Serbs great bunch of lads and seperate our province on the map
I would consider ethnolects something like Austrian and German.
In case I decide to do one of these again
Fun fact: Under Swiss firearm law, foreigners holding any of the following citizenship are explicitly excluded from the right to apply for a weapon acquisition permit: Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian, Herzegovinian, Kosovan, Montenegrin, Macedonian, Turkish, Sri Lankan, Algerian, and Albanian.
Very constructive visit by Macron
Eastern Roman empire
Let's give it a try
Shorties hittin me with eyewinks as I buy drinks
Please, go on official government site of UK, there is best explained about everything.
And have an eversion to Bulgaria for some reason.
This is poorly corroborated and very likely a fabrication
Why should their self-determination not be respected?
I am literally shaking from fear right now.
This is very poorly written and also has useless information
Like doing things the unofficial way, etc.?
When I was visiting it was really fun saying hello everyday to her neighbour through all the penises and vaginas dangling in the shop
Culo se i u Hrvatskoj za Belog?
Not a hospital for sure
Bosnia is on the same influence even more so led by criminal oportunist Dodik.
So all they have is a guy with funny hair and beard (who supposedly fought in the Ukraine), an old fart with cancer and the schizophrenic clown from Serbia (who already attempted to kill the US ambassador).
The US can be hypocritical too sometimes with its allies and weapon sell.
I would very much like to live here, thanks
Each sound has its exact letter;
My first computer during my childhood in Serbia was a Pentium 2 in 2002!
But those *Serbians* on the other hand
Dont you have better things to do?
Although of course they wouldn't get far
This may be the worse country in Europe when it comes to smoking
The fact that this is downvoted only proves your point
Russia benefits from the continuation of the conflict in Kosovo, not from its solution, because it is the conflict that keeps Serbia dependent on Russian help.
If I remember correctly, Serbia experienced a bloody coup d'etat some years before the war.
I have recently taken an interest in some balkan history and I was deeply saddened about Serbia, it seems like they have been screwed by every single country around them at least once in their history, and this just keeps happening again and again.
I believe there are also schools which have classes in Slovak/Rusyn/Romanian etc
It was so random and bizzare
I don't think I've ever met a person who can't ride it
I'm not a nationalist, that's the thing.
Not a minority, just have the ability to handle the white knight-ness of this sub and then attempt to convey our collective and un-provoked opinions
:P Your post Scenes from Bosnia and Herzegovina isn't controversial.
Idk about the other countries but the bad relationship with Bosnia, Kosovo and Croatia is due to it's politicians never getting over that there's no "Great Serbia".
Tbh Bajadera is a top quality chocolate and it is also made in Croatia.
He a little confused but he got the spirit
That's an insane achievement only a few people who ever lived would be capable of !
are you trying to say its not true?
For example, the big shady business deals are made with Arabs, not with Russians.
Do you know even what constitutes a genocide
In the late 19th and 20th century Serbs are finally able to break free of the Ottoman yoke and work hard to restore their traditional heartland.
Him being the second biggest is not much of an argument considering that both the 3rd and the 4th parties have only one seat fewer.
[Cyril and Methodius] were sent by a King.
How do u add that blue thing next to your name
Germans appointed him and during his rule Serbia was partitioned between Albania, Bulgaria, Independent republic of Croatia and Hungary, there was numerous crimes against civilians
My point is their cultures are completely different.
I'd say most people don't have one, but it's not odd if you do own one
ABOUT
I always felt that Croatia is great with geek culture
We're talking about an eastern European country, that just got out of a Civil War, and is still feeling the consequences, lost a part of it's territory, is having a difficult battle with corruption etc etc.
He was born in Austria-Hungary.
Ancient Rome, Ancient Greek and Otoman empire are the 3 cultures that we learn the most
It's not centuries, though
I don't know why do people put words into his mouth though, he never said that there was a terror attack in Sweden, he just mentioned "look at what happened last night in Sweden".
I hope you don't live in the US for your sake.
We already visit just by ID cards, no passports needed, nothing
The custom here is that you pay for the knife to circumvent the superstition.
It’s not odd, but when someone has a serbian flag at home and it’s not for a wedding, then people would assume he is a serbian nationalist etc, right-winger
But will Skhodran Mustafi tell you that if you ask him?
they gave coffee to the entire Europe technically
The Second Balkan war was started because the Bulgarians were very disappointed and even insulted over the treaty of London-1913 especially because Bulgaria and Serbia had a treaty signed of how to split the Macedonian region before the war broke out which the Serbs ignored after the war and instead just annexed all the territories which they had occupied.
My point is that the size of the country and it's population don't mean they carry/dont carry their weight in diplomacy.
(In Serbia there are 8 grades)
We asked some people to help, but no one knew English
Real life shitposter called [Beli] (white or whitey) just collected enough signatures to run for office in Serbian presidential elections in april.
Our military held their ground fiercely, but were ultimately forced to pull back when Bulgaria entered the ring.
You are usually given a book or PDFs which consist of about 2500 questions.
And those people who support politicians like that are sick and are as despicable as those politicians
“Glup si kao turcin” wich means you are dumb as a turk
Legit this news is making us also afraid with our problem with some attacks from immigrants, myself included as I was one too almost
It was mainly completely untrained conscripts and many died from poor logistics and disease.
Please explain to me me how bombing schools and hospitals in Serbian cities far away from Kosovo helped prevent whatever you're talking about
> Sugar-coated
Because there's a multiethnic country like Bosnia where people tried to commit genocide in 1995 and got away with it, and may want to partition the country now.
That is true, but in practice Ekavian is taught in schools and all media is in Ekavian
The Zarac will be dressed in a wreath of peppers and hold a whip that will divert evil eyes from the happy couple
-Bunch of roads next to the rivers (Sava and Danube) where you can walk, ride your bike
I don't wanna squeeze out ten babies in a bankrupt, destitute country to improve goddamn natality rates
More to the point, even were Serbia to blame for those wars, it would not be materially relevant in discussions of whether Serbia should and/or must recognize an independent Kosovo.
It feels more natural to my bio clock
I mean, I know that the region's corrupted af, but I'd never imagine you'd take the cake.
Those guys are complete morons.
There is deminutive, yes, but it's usually derived from a nickname already
It's harder to get to weed than in the West and it's quite costly.
I tried reading it, but there is no way to do it hahaha
And he does not need to worry of us joining NATO either.
It seems that Oriental/Arabic/Turkish melodies are popular only in Serbia and Bulgaria?
Shipka and majority of the figthing had already been done when Serbia joined.They saw who would win and used the oppurtunity for occupying Pirot and Vranq(cities with Bulgarian majority at the time) and declaring independence.In no way they deserve thanks as they had fewer casualties than obscure battalions in the Russian army like Polish or Finnish ones and did everything for their own profit.
A native Swede didn't come from another country and has a full citizenship so you can't exactly deport him/her...
I know, but there arent any names that are endemic to a country.
Nadam se da ce se povredjeni oporaviti
It was a part of *general technical education* class
In any case, it's a very cool looking spoon
I really don't see how can they be accepted with borders including Kosovo.
By blackmail in 2006
It's the most recognisable building that's in the city
Romania, Greece, Russia - best ortodox brothers
We here haven't closed anything
UK didn't exactly beg to join, no more than Serbia begging or Turkey is begging
It boggles my mind that anyone in Serbia actually wants Kosovo back.
Greece might be the highest IMO
In Serbian we say "četvrt", which is exactly the same as your "čtvrt". I find it very interesting
Absolutism, constitution, absolutism, constitution, we become a kingdom, but then king is sht, and his son is even bigger sht, so we kill him, and bting the other dinasty, then the assassins accidentally start WW1, we win, but then we loose, retreat to Corfu, paybeck time, we win, make yugoslavia, but serbs and croats dont cooperate, so absolutism, then king gets killed, germany wants us in axis, but nope
US is one of the worst countries in the world on many levels, it needs to be dealt with or this falling empire is gonna take the whole world down with it
She went for her wallet to pay for it
Keep drinking that tasteless soup without the grinded coffee filtered out.
I think i've seen it at a pizzeria but I didn't know what it was
Same, the number of expats who decide to stay here is growing and they make more and more videos about why
Ethnic cleansing is by definition systematic and part of a plan, Milošević, the Serbian government or some General would need to have ordered those crimes for it to be ethnic cleansing, which is not the case.
They have the word just don't use that way.
I actually don't really get the whole issue.
In Serbian we call it "puškica" which is deminutive form of "puška"
Pretty accurate, as far as I was bothered to read.
As most of the Balkan was under Ottomans for centuries, main goal of every major nationality being occupied was creating a state
So sellers just decided to stop sending stuff to Serbia or to use DHL only as a delivery option, which is extremely expensive
Looks really nice but I’m surprised this got more upvotes than your [post] about Golubac which, in my opinion, is superior to Maglič
So guys,we did it
On phone one of the defaults
It's more like the Young Turks wanted to continue it.
The train takes 10 hours for the trip, the bus takes 6 -> ergo, nobody will be taking that train, it is just for show.
Yeah, exactly, when Djindjic was assasinated over here, a massive operation called Sabre (Sablja) arrested anyone with even alleged ties to the crime world, and again recently, the Balkan Warrior op arrested dozens more that were smuggling cocaine from South America, but from then, it's silent.
He's contraversial there's no unified opinion
They didn't even had to be peaceful, just not so hatful and violent to the non Serb civilians in the area
In 1904 Montenegro declared war on Japan in support of Russia, however did not dispatch any significant forces.
That isn't really a flaw, from an American point of view.
He should bring apple with coins inside of it
I don't know what is this power of IKEA, I even regularly see cars from Serbia and Montenegro at Zagreb's IKEA...
I'd definitely Google them but wouldn't bring it up if it wasn't worrying
We should become friends real quick
So the fact that both cases are against international law is...unimportant?
Serbia was the most pro-EU country in the world after the overthrow of Milošević; the approval was over 90%, but years after years after with no progress and getting nowhere close to joining had put the people in the mindset of that the country is being treated the way of Turkey - in other words, never happening.
Can't see a 5th (it'd take quite a long time, EU will probably be gone by then).
So much for helping you out with the Serbian problem ...
I was refering to the scenario if there was a war in Kosovo they would send people in
>Nobody would be russophob, if you just stop invading neighboring countries and using your natural resources as a political tool to subjugate other countries
[hmm]
We have other crippling problems than those movements(they don’t have a large presence)
Bulgaria
"Bože pravde"
He had worked in forestry in the past.
We have Sremska Mitrovica and Mačvanska Mitrovica (Mačvanska Mitrovica is a part of municipality of Sremska Mitrovica, but it can be seen as a village or a small town)
"Sir, Serbs declared independence from Kosovo."
godine \[Albanian incursions into Serbia 1879\]" (PDF)
This was just the stuff from the major elections
Uh-oh, you'll have more trouble in the future...
Besides high level of hatred towards Russians and unreasonably high usage of ''kurwa'' (though it's just a name for prostitute in Serbian, for example), not too much.
Well it will as soon as we finish our 3 major high-speed lines:
So I live in Belgrade (1
I didnt feel anything thankfully
haha, there's the occasional Serbian chauvinist.
Unless you make them a man's property
Why did you say reconquer then
that's kinda misleading because most of the casualties in yugoslavia were serbs.
You are not my long lost friend
It remains to be seen whether cooperation will serve their interests more than confrontation does.
Turkey is descending into a deeply anti western dictatorship,Bulgaria,Serbia and Greece is orthodox countries so of course they like their orthodox neighbour Russia and by extension increasingly hate the west.
Its basically infinite 69 copycats or wanabees,and their demographic is mostly 10-15yo kids
Come with me to this dark alleyway for a second
i mean the "closer than greek" part because i don't see the map showing dutch being closer to greek than to scandi langauges.
I don't think so, the point is that Sweden is not as safe as it once used to be and not the date of a certain riot or unrest.
An exquisite piece, though not quite as poignant in it's anglified variant.
That said if you have a job it's generally expected for you to pitch in, but I seriously doubt you'd get kicked out if you didn't.
Still trying to convince her it's a bad idea that will kill us all.
It's a win-win situation for all of
Im really curious
While the Serbian state authorities repeatedly attempted to assimilate the Slavonic Muslims, they refrained from attempting to 'Serbianize' the Albanians
People of same language and language families definitely share a lot of genetics.
(Yes I am fully aware of the butthurt this will cause), still I wanted to share this.
In Serbia there are usually two shifts in each school
You keep trying to provoke me calling Adem Jashari pussy, fanning the flames of war and smiling about it.
Few weeks ago there was a poll which asked the question who is/was the best leader in Serbian modern history.
This is rarely used today tho
Now Prekaz had been encircled two times before.
Ironiya sudby maybe
I agree there was anti-Serb propaganda in the US but the average American is still oblivious to the whole thing.
Because they don't want to say that they speak Croatian or Serbian.
Germans deserve it for complaining about winter tbh
We don't use articles at all, so that's why probably
wtf
This was Spanish history in the XVII century in short.
Fourth time I see this exact same post...
Vikings, chaaarge
Asylum seekers shot at, one injured with high calibre rifle in Horgoš, Serbia near border.
Albanians are right on the southern  Mediterranean coast
Because Albanians created their own military and started Attacking peacefull Serbians and police officers.
• [Beli Dvor] the White Palace, residency of the royal family, then Tito and now the former royal family
I don't know form what part of Greece is he but up here in the north every time Serbia is need we rush to their help.
It would be a pretty confusing and "How did this even happen" situation
I dont think you realize how different the positions between former Yugoslavia countries were
The rest is history
The amount of times I had to explain to people that I know what a mall/McDonald's is...
it's actually likely that the source is incorrect and that serbia is the main bosnian import partner:
We went to Venice in highschool too
Yeah same here
I love my boyfriend , and thankfully he wasn't that ignorant but some of his American friends aren't that bright and jokingly telling him when I visit they'll have to hide the valuables so I don't steal them isn't so hahaha to me
Jeez its you again, the Serbian nationalist.
Some people probably did something
I'm not saying that Serbia is a great country, I'm just saying, don't comment other country if you live in almost the same one.
EDIT 2: This comment is stupid but I'm leaving it up cause deleting comments is for cowards
I said that the standards are the same.
I also think Russia as we are allies and Slavic
Soon
Yes propaganda, where exactly does it say that Serbia invaded Bosnia?
the government needed to stop being so loyal to Brussels and vocalise the potential destruction Brexit posed.
Vukovar
It's because even our institution for regulation of the language (Matica srpska) has difficulties defying rules for conjugations
This is also why they are pushing the Serbia-Kosovo negotiations this hard, even when one party speaks of war and does crazy stunts.
Then it gets really embarassing, once some lady had to guide my hand to remind me of damn cursive T.
Is there a flu going around Germany?
"Kosovo is by international right a part of Serbia"
Serbian Cinderella:
"Wasn't hoping" can have the meaning of "wasn't expecting".
Current politicians may have been right-wing, but they got elected because they changed their story to pro-EU, like many politicians do.
Serbia May Paint Yugoslav Bombings' Victims on Russia's MiGs as a Hint to NATO
Serbia lost 60% of its male population and about 30% overall, it was quite devastating
I might be going into sensitive and emotional territory here, but your example has me wondering about ethnic Serbs in Bosnia and Croatia.
It's the only road into the north now which is not blocked off by crazy Serb Mafia at this point.
Not quite, we still need Serbia and Ukraine for the complete revision....
Jel si razumeo foru
Biden probably got confused about the geography and nobody wanted to tell him
I live in eastern Serbia and I remember there was a lot of snow back when I was a kid (2000s and early 2010) starting from December and sometimes up until mid April
One would think that we appreciate culture that much just by drilling holes any time of a 24h day
Dalmatia) may as well be bigger.
Magyarisation, WW2 occupation and raids on us wasn't very nice to be honest
Chocolate
You know that it is white, even before you know that it is a horse
My mistake, somehow I was under the impression it is cannon he is Serbian
Montenegro on the same distance to Serbia as with Lebanon and Bahrain.
I was 7 (1st grade) when I first went alone to school
Fun fact, Turks tried to burn the remains of Saint Sava on Vracar (where one of the biggest Orthodox churhces was erected in his honor,later), in order to break the Serbs, but Serbs actually grew angrier and increased rebellious activities.
I expected adidas
We can have anyone as subject and anyone as indirect object
A couple of border changes with its counterpart, the kingdom of Hungary, and Fiume (Reka) was now part of Hungary.
Bolded is what I changed and am not that certain about
Only reason why the polls have changed is because of the whole mass media scaremongering with the Brexit and the far right "destroying" Europe.
I like those
ehh mule is for a female donkey.
We try our best to show you our country and culture in the best possible light
Having said that Serbia doesn't appeal to me that much as I perceive it as being very nationalistic, but I really don't know much about it and I wouldn't use my own ignorance as a reason not to visit somewhere.
Reference to wine being the blood of Christ I assume?
>Would be pretty stupid to have a union where a member is not recognized by other members of the union
Ofc we should
Most of the money doesn't go to the public transport company so all the money is pumped out of the system and everything is shit
Nah, *boja* comes from Turkish.
i've numerous question, but the one that really tingles me is WHY WAS THIS UPLOADED BY SAMSUNG RUSSIA??
Red white and blue are great example of "unity" between us all, that's not as obvious
They were never members of the party (my mother is also Italian, my grandfather was even imprisoned for a few years after WW2 because of that)
Are you implying Germany should not have participated in the Kosovo war?
Besides Serbia isn't even that important to Russia anyway lol.
Of course he was, but I think it's common knowledge that a huge chunk of Serbs live outside Serbia.
It’s made of fruit, but i barely can taste it, only the alcohol
He also got the green light from Karic who owned the network and made Maric "the cultural editor/director" of it
Dad's friend basically just showed us an envelope full of money
Any other candidate will end up loosing the election to opposition.
That's the simplicistic version.
[ISBN] [978-0-333-66612-8] Retrieved 21 June 2011
They blindly support Russia against Chechnya, Philippines against the Moros, Serbia against Bosnia, etc.
I'm nowhere near well versed in Balkanology but it seems like Croatia is the relatively sensible leg of the tripod.
Its easy to get roped in, because it seems fun and harmless at first
I was talking about Republic of Serbia, not Republika Srpska...not the same thing.
Kosovo and all other Balkan states, has the historical-site card, and some ''interesting'' youth, being one myself I fell free to judge.
you were downvoted because you argued his "lowest class living conditions are horrible and there are so many homeless beggars" with "but the middle class is very wealthy though".
Europe is not a country so every country inside Europe has it's own "capitals". However, having a look at the Europe as a whole we can find certain capitals of something
(usually not directly but by saying America is as bad or worse)
However if it is taken as witch hunt, this will only make her Joan de Arc in the eyes of her supporters and other people.
Supporting rebels in Syria, while bombing rebels in Yemen.
Do you share the same belief about Austria and Germany?
We also have Vampires in eastern Serbia
Also it surprised me a bit, considering how much Russians we saw there and they call it pivo as well
It doesn't really represent the average person.
[Thanks for stopping them at Mojkovac] Without your help, who knows what could've happened.
Sometimes but the urban meaning is usually very similar to gopnik
Study until around 3pm or so
u/savevideo
\> "Noooooo religion did this
I wish Serbia would join the EU at least for a few months so I can actually *see some motherfucking graphs once in a while*.
To Montenegro and Macedonia, yes we accept your independence and we don't want to force you into some grand union ever again
Another one, much more serious was an Al Jazeera special where he explains that quizzes like Who Wants to Become a Millionaire were introduced to stupify people (along with turbo folk), and how those quizzes led to reality TV shows as they are now
Slavimo slavnu slavu slavnih Slovena.
It's easy because you hear it a lot
I'd say Serbia has closer ties with the EU.
Montenegro is a lot smaller than you
Forced into retreat all through the craggy, unacommodating mountains of Montenegro and Albania, losing many to famine, sickness and attacks by the mountain tribes and Central Forces bombings.
Not a single one
Serb from Belgrade that went to the protests here, you're dead wrong
i like how you have the whole "holier than thou" thing going on while making an ad hominem argument.
Pasting his response with permission:
They were Serbs, making it a Serbian song.
1999 wars
Serbian and Croatian and sometimes Bosniak leaders are hand in hand to milk you dry and make you kill eachother only for profit!
Most sovereign states recognize it too.
*Prosto* is on Bosnian, *ne komplikovano* is on Serbian.
If learned in Jugoslavian times, was this represented as a basis for the Southern Slav unity and brotherhood between Serbians and Croatians?
Savage
It's ironic that you mention the Bulgars, last time I think it was us and the Greeks...
[ISBN] [978-86-86391-19-3] p. 264
He also claimed the title of tsar because his wife was a member of the last Byzantine dynasty the Palaiologi.
[Here is a pic]
I'd say it's common for women here to talk about it amongst themselves
I doubt you'll going to see it, if at all
You country is so awesome though.
[Pro-Serbian, anti-NATO, pro-Russian opposition in Montenegro] has a history of violent protests.
They're violent thugs that are comprised mostly of commies and anarchists with a veeery broad definition of fascist
Also, don't really speak the lingo.
> Serbia, the land in which the Prime Minister is a lesbian, doesn't even allow civil partnerships
It's quite alright, don't worry, anyone with a sane mind didn't take that thread seriously.
It is an interesting city for tourists.
Very, very true, but the policy he led was a very short-sighted one
It isn't as nearly that simple.
000e yearly salary
Feel free to come, we are waiting for you with open arms
Why do you think this
Saying something like that is the easiest way to indirectly commit suicide
Kosovo thing is already tightening up the relations but if Serbia proper gets gutted as well, it will trigger the same thing Versailles did for the Germans.
But it does recognize the actual words
Serbians from Rep Srpska did not want to seceed from Serbia
I've gone to someone's house plenty of times when there was no food except for snacks
No I am not religious at all, grew up in an atheist household.
And besides, on a local level, sure, there's always hate underneath the surface and societies turn brutal pretty fast
Chilly 3°C - 19°C
What comes off as superiority is more of a warning due to lessons learned from European history itself
I come from the south though, so I have much less trouble understanding Macedonians and Bulgarians, but Slovene isn't too big of a problem either.
That oak is brought to the home
Stane Dolanc
Ah yes, questions
Torun is always in my heart, if a Serbian girl can chime in here :)
Also regional languages that I'm less familiar with, like Veneto or Aragonese, would be difficult to identify.
spritzer, tequilla, rakija (ofc)
Romania, not us
Have to mention 2004 too, that's not in the list..
And Kosovo is an integral part of Serbia.
If Greece collapses into another Junta (not impossible, if improbable) they'll be in the exact same situation was Germany was in 1933, except this time they'll be in Europe's tinderbox like Serbia was in 1914.
i would pass on croatia
Croatian, i'm talking about girls.
This is the only possible route
We *had* to use that thing for every little insignificant thing
No need to worry, the grandchildren of migrant Serbians will be completely indistinguishable from people you would call native Austrian.
not in casual talk, but there are americans here :p
Serbians look it through religion, Albanians only through language.
Is that Ed Miliband
They cite 'Diplomatic insult' as their Casus Belli!
I'm not a smoker, for the record
If a cop pulls you over it may also take a lot of time to do all the work and write you a ticket
Taiga develops only when the winter lasts for a long time, tundra when the ground is perma frosted
It's just a way to show off you got money which I find superficial
Fine, they should move to Albania.
Nowadays Croatia
But you don't have many vehicles compared to others
Here we eat soup almost every day
I totally get you Hungary, I mean imagine if Serbia looked like [THIS!]
They really should be on the same level as shtokavian, but then that would mean they are not subsets of the Croatian language, wouldn't it?
I know enough to respect Serbia...but I am greek I am totally biased with Serbia.
Some did move to Slovenia, but majority moved to Germany/Switzerland/Austria/Sweden.
A frenemy would be like us and Bulgaria in Balkan War 1
I think the biggest problem, apart from us kids being morons, is the teachers themselves, my math teacher in highschool was a guy who basically worked for state benefits because he had 2 private companies, and he literally said he just worked there for benefits and to pass the time, naturally he didn't actually teach us shit, we just passed the class.
ako glasas za vucica ti si ili retard ili te placaju
It's insane how people don't care about trash on the streets, and even get mad when you tell them to pick it up (one guy pulled out a knife on me when I told him to pick up his trash)
Even though Novi Sad is becoming like that I have a feeling that Belgrade is on whole other level
When i write on Serbian i type on Cyrillic 99% of the time
One storyline follows young teens, one older teens entering adulthood, and one features adults though.
Everyone here has read them in school
We mostly use the same names but spell them differently
As for when, I'd rather not say anything.
How the fuck do you not like gulaš
Why is Serbia constantly attacking other sovereign countries around and then blame others for its own failures ?
Of course not
"Nje je za koernje sto se sada suši"
Thank you, Romania, for being our best neighbour and ally
Neither have Germany by the looks of it, since those who criticize the migrants and Merkel's migrant policies (even on the internet) are forced to pay fines.
That doesn't meab we have no ties with medieval or pre-chriatian serbs
What were the tweets about
You cut 1/4 of Serbia
Most people I've met around Europe speak English - maybe not always fluently, but enough to be able to communicate
"Кнез Милан се у то време налазио у Нишу, окружен својим официрима. Посебно је био близак са генералом Костом Протићем и у конзулским круговима у Београду се сматрало да је владар под његовим утицајем. Генерал Протић је током рата, а и после њега, био главни заговорник политике исељавања муслимана, па и Албанаца, из Србије. Његове ставове делио је и већи део виших официра српске војске. Кнез Милан је током рата био сагласан са протеривањем Албанаца. \[Prince Milan at that time was located in Niš, surrounded by his officers
God has left the chat
Obviously, some people enjoy seeing tears.
I assumed most of the crime was gamg violence.
In my opinion, there won't be a time when the percentage will increase.
There are literally thousands of poems with hundreds of verses that used to be sung from memory accompanied by traditional instruments describing historical events, battles, kings and heroes
Personally, I am against labels, and I judge a person by the weight of their character, not ethnicity or race, however, there are many people here in Balkans who are the opposite
I remind you that Serbian government accepted constitutional framework of Kosovo during Brussels agreement and this issue is settled despite media noise.
Is it easy for you to pronounce it, or is it also a bit challenging
Serbia is still Serbia, even if it is shifted over, just like Poland is still Poland and Germany is still Germany, despite having major territorial shifts/disruptions in the last 100 years.
I mean, I'm talking a small critical comment, not a full on nuclear threat like it's with us.
Pretty sure Albanians would have a problem with being called "Slavic"
Haha, good thing I asked for clarification, I wasn't even thinking about that.
Croatian is not Serbian in Latin script, fyi :)
If they're all so bad, then why don't some smart people join together and create a new political party?
Something something the "walk of shame" that Swedish government had to do with the Iranians?
At that time, we were allied with the Russians in our fight against the Ottomans in the First Serbian Uprising
Can't just migrate on, can you
"you might as well not bother visiting"
In Serbian ''skot'' is like idiot.
Eg: when the school starts, the first three classes of all grades have subjects from 8 am, and the other three classes of all grades have subjects from 2 pm
Large numbers of Catholics\[2\] and Serbs\[3\] fled north where many "died, some of hunger, others of disease" around [Budapest] After the flight of Serbs, the Pasha of Ipek (Albanian Peja, Serbian Pec) forced Catholic Albanians in the North to move to the now depopulated plains of Southern Serbia, and forced them to convert to Islam there
One so far in Belgrade
If Estonia, Poland and f-ing Greece (!) can meet the defense spending requirement, then so can you and every other country.
question: in what language are guvermnet papers
Actually, my father has been in the Spanish base of Mostar, Bosnia, for UN.
Also foreigners get lots of attention from our girls, both cause we are not so touristy so they are seen as "exotic" (there are also some infamous gold diggers too, it's not all perfect)
Well they really made me wonder, now I have to go see the rest of Germany :) I know I'll go back to Berlin but hey
Croatia, who was de facto leader of Yugoslavian dissolve has twice GDP per capita than Serbia, Slovenia has even more, but they were too small to start a war.
One year after we became a state of our own, we had a debut on Eurovision with the current name (before: Serbia and Montenegro, after: Serbia) and we won
I am very glad I've managed to get someone interested.
I'd say  [Pogledaj dom svoj andjele] though it's universal
Other Slavic languages, except Polish
I think that based on what op said, they would do better to skip Marseilles.
Hahaha, maybe it's correct in Serbian
Is This Serbia testing it's waters or Russia
Live in Australia
This sub is so much better than r/europe
The bride is unable to leave the house until the apple gets shot
bosniak diaspora in a nutshell: a bunch of people with passionate hate towards serbs.
I guess not bombarding, not implementing sanctions and not demonizing whole nation also might help a bit
Romania, not us
I really like it and would like to learn it
Yeah, we say "unutrašnjost", which literally translates into "the insides", for pretty much everything that is not Belgrade (plus two larger cities)
sorry, offtopic: In Serbia when the cameras are on they just try to lobby the viewers, don`t really do anything, just bicker over unimportant stuff like Kosovo, Nato, Russia to get points with viewers.
You shouldn't sit idle and wait for somebody else to start changing or fighting for your own beliefs.
Those who support SRS party which their goal is to not join EU and many the old people.
And people living near the borders of our larger neighbours tend to learn those languages too (Italian, German and Hungarian).
Does the old guy even understand them?
The first one is also from 90s as well, though not firmly proven
Same, made that mistake once
You misunderstood the question
Never seen lines in front of clubs lasting for longer than 3 minutes here
Athens is a bit
This whole thread is making the situation actually worse than it really is.
[Source (with updates)]
In 1900 Živojin Perić, a Belgrade Professor of Law, noted that in retrospect, 'this unbearable situation probably would not have occurred had the Serbian government allowed Albanians to stay in Serbia'. He also argued that conciliatory treatment towards Albanians in Serbia could have helped the Serbian government to gain the sympathies of Albanians of the Ottoman Empire
Imagine being such a retard that as a Slavic person you emulate the people that wanted to exterminate your own ethnicity
and 5 days ago in 1999 nato bombarded Yugoslavia
Probably Eastern Serbia (Especially Bor and Zajecar cities)
But still better than weapons...
They are turning billions every year and still cutting corners.
It might be a little exaggerated, but I know a bunch of people that have one, including me (Sremska Mitrovica)
Montenegro was an ally of Russia in the Russo-Japanese war.
Chilly 3°C - 19°C
Iran is so beautiful,historical buildings,nature and nice and friendly people
What happens with that now
No, packages are delivered directly to you and if you're not home they leave it at the post office where you have to retrieve it from
You expected them to start a WWIII due to Yugoslav civil war(s) or what exactly?
Yea they died for their country
Perception: Why are you in Italy again?
> Legends say they got married in secret
If Croatia didn't declare independence and had to fight a war for it, Yugoslav Army would be free to stop Slovenia to do the same.
Sometimes gets more than arkward (straight up attacking each other and shit)
Serbia took care of almost all of their war criminals.
For some reason I thought that Charles abdicated because of his "stormy" private life.
The hatred will forever be alive.
Thank r/soccer for that currently, as well as my love towards Guy Richie movies and ''Only Fools and Horses'' earlier in my life
Truly horrible shit happened in the Balkans during the 90s, no one should've lived through it
Montenegro is free now,lets goooo
So I took his bike and in an esplanade I started riding it like crazy and I thought to myself "HA, see, I can ride this thing
" (hello)
"Speaking Ancient Greek" - he might have been citing Iliad or something
Serbia
If Serbia does join (current support is falling) they will be a strong Russian voice in the EU.
Yeah, the Serbian one is questionable.
Tho we have 5 or so epic cycles of poems dealing with serbian history
Ever dtowe thrue Hungary
Should they have
According to 83 UN member states, to be precise.
I know this one in Serbo-Croatian hladna pička means cold pussy while in Czech-Slovak-Polish it means cold drink
The reason we aren't ranked as one by these western indexes is the west likes Vucic, he wants to join the EU and recognise Kosovo, the west wants this, most of Serbia doesn't
Lots of love for Greece
If he wanted to know which accent, then i would be in the wrong, but he botched it with the description so i'm not.
Ye but that doesn't make us oldest friends, and since we currently arent friends, i dont think it counts
You do realize that Serbia is atleast 30 years away from fulfilling the requirements from joining the EU
Sometimes they're so full you can't even
Here's a giant fuck you to the Karađorđević and Obrenović dynasties and all of their enablers
Since Erdogan (and even earlier) Turkey is again meddling in Bosnia Serbia is reacting to that with their support for srpska republic and here we are again.
Nemanja, Stefan, Dushan, Urosh, Lazar, Alexander, Petar, Mihailo, Milosh, Nikola, those are the first that came to mind
Its not pronaunced Skaat at all its skot
[Treaty of Pozarevac/Passarowitz was signed in my city in 1718]
> niewiasta
But these 3 are closest family we have
That Germans were unpleasant and cold
But yeah, it’s hella funny
Iranian companies will be bought by American businessmen and American businesses will start opening up in Iran, don't forget that
Balkans had it all but unity (sea, islands, mines, mountains, planes, brain and talent)
Thanks
WTF
You massacred Serbs as well
Probably Montenegro, 10-15 years from now.
I’m pretty sure the mostly the old also support Milosevic as well
We do three as well
If EU replaces Russia's share of Serbia's industry then i dont really mind if we join in on the sanctions because it'll unlikely have any significant impact on Russia's economy compared to other EU countries.
Russia isn't the crumbling Soviet Union of the 80s.
It’s snowing less and less every year now but around 8 years ago it was a lot more
That seems to be the crux of it yeah.
EU was never really popular in SRB (polls were showing over 50 percent sometimes, especially before 2008) but nowdays moderate people see turmoil in EU and are becoming more and more against asscesion, of course, politicians need to adapt to new way of thinking in order to stay in office so they too go over joining EU.
Because it would legitimize ethnic cleansing, as well as open pandora's box of redrawing borders between practically everyone in the Balkans.
Albania is a natural fortress to the east.
I don't know how many people participated in this poll, but the one in the news article had about 4500 participants.
Love others, but don't let them take over and dictate their rules in your country
Watched Disney cartoons in English, listened to British music, watched American series, read British and American literature
"and thank god for that
Normal English QWERTY without added letters to the side and 2nd keyboard on Serbian Cyrillic
Serbs and Croats but only if they monthly paycheck is below 500 euros (those who earn more dont talk about wars and similiar stuff)
How is the day being celebrated in Serbia?
Honestly i find them much more similar to Western Slavic nations than to other ex-Yugos
But this is mocking of english spelling (or lack there of)
I'm not so sure about that anymore
Serbia wants to keep Kosovo and to gain Republika Srpska (Serb region of Bosnia) and possibly reunite with Montenegro
Also they act like nomads in 21st century.
We make rakija with almost any fruit
It can mean anything from "joke" to "trick", but I mostly see it used as a sentence filler, which might be why I don't know a proper translation
No, it’s New Year’s tradition
So Serbia isn't neutral but likes to eat from both pies.
Serbian PM who threatened to kill 100 muslims for each dead serb now is threathening the Albanians in Kosovo because they stopped the train
It was crashing 3 hours ago to me
Italy referendum: all you need to know about Renzi's crunch vote
If you don't like the situation in Poland, you can leave.
You never heard someone say "ko ne plati na mostu, platiće na ćupriji" or "Na Drini ćuprija"? Or the town called Ćuprija
'Don't leave the window open, wind (idk how to translate promaja) will kill you'
There are different opinions about Milan Nedić, for some he is a hero because he helped a lot of Serbian refugees cross into Serbia to escape murder from the Independent State of Croatia, to some he is a traitor for working with the Germans
I would like to thank France for helping Serbia during the WW1, Albania for letting our Army cross their country and Greece for welcoming them on the island of Corfu
Green eyes are quite popular in France
I don't think anyone minds
Well, yes, but what's the point?
Average wage in town i am is 200 Euros so it's more than half of average monthly wage
It's also as a traditional thing
There are strong historical ties, that is true, but that doesn't mean that we actually support what  they are doing nor that we are preparing to go to war
While I'm driving across Europe and expect to withdraw in more than one country for a day.
I just created Serbian-pasta with my shit Finnish skills.
Kosovo is Serbia
Palatschinken is of Romanian origin
You can use tunein.com to listen to digital radios from around the world.
Very true
So it's perfectly reasonable and acceptable for Shqiptares to destroy Serbian historical heritage because it's supposedly their territory?
This is like Liberty city from Gta 5
The transferred villagers were forced to convert over to Islam
But I feel that Kosova as a nation makes sense, given how different they are ethnically and culturally to Serbia, and how different they were to Yugoslavia.
Greece (Byzantium)
Cmon, you have this " genocidal denier " Serb on silver plate in that case
you'll see a slightly better situation, but you'll come to a similar conclusion.
One Montenegrin tried to convince me they are Illyrians.
Even more so in the 18-30 age range
it grows everywhere here and its got a reaaally nice taste
Excluded ex-Yugoslavian countries, despite Montenegro having by far the highest amount of smokers.
Cause Serbia has good relations with all of its neighbours
She uses Instagram a lot more :)
Why aren't you giving some of that stuff to your Serbian bros, Albania?
Is Serbia inherently better than Bulgaria and Romania?
We've been waiting for the third one long enough
From lovest to highest levels
My account was temporarily banned from /r/croatia after commenting that croatia needs proper denazification.
Part of the story is from a 2 year old article and a part is from a person on Twitter claiming social services are currently asking around if children have been vaccinated
At least according to [this survey]
totally agree, minus the enjoyment part
There's no collaborative hate for one person, people like Tito are contraversial
Usually I don't even think about it's existence.
How is it possible that practically all Bruxelles visitors to Serbia repeat the same mantra of "Serbia being pillar of stability in the region" when practically every case of unstability in the region has got serbia spelled all over it in one form or the other.
I think that he was laughing about the notion that Serbia hunts its war criminals.
Idk, I feel like every country should have the same chance and possibility to win and host a contest.
Same, the number of expats who decide to stay here is growing and they make more and more videos about why
Abortion is completely banned in Ireland?
Austrougarska
To show off how much wealthier they are than other Romas and such.
But those car look like pot a bit.
Have a good day, mate
Boyko Borisov for sure
Thankfully I'm not so easy convinsable person
I'm in Novi Sad Serbia, my boyfriend felt it a bit (he thought he was falling off the bed), I didn't feel a thing and slept through, though I slept through when the city brigdges were being destroyed by bombarding '99 too, so that doesn't mean I lot
Than with what Borders will Serbia be accepted in EU?
You can see Serbia and the rest of Yugoslavia are separate.
No I meant betraying our heritage and our remaining people there
It's probably not good for the ol' noodle
Ajvar is actually not Croatian, but it's popular here.
There are numerous pro EU parties in the opposition coalition
There are also "s" (with) and "k" (/), but they are just shorter versions of "sa" and "ka".
Hands down
Nah, no real deportations took place AFAIK, only the seesaw game with the Serbians on the border.
I just adore them for their old-timey poshness
My point is that I think that's what Bernie and AOC see themselves as, and that's why they identify as democratic socialists
she most definitely looks more french than central european lol.
Yes, a lot of us still hate your guts
They can't even just get into Start or save a PowerPoint presentation
I’d say that the antivaxx crew is the most recognizable here of all anti-intellectuals
Because it's easier for people to rationalise and just be angry instead of working on themselves and giving their kids a better future.
Idk why it reminds me of mint, and I LOVE mint flavored everything, so it's a great flag
Same here, especially Ex-Yu countries but as well other Slavic nations
Doesn't tend to work out well, does it, my Serbian friend...
scoia'tael, witcher fans i know you are here
Dobar dan
Without a doubt he is, i love stories of distinguished people in epic battles
No wonder they needed German help to occupy Belgrade.
From the collapse of the ussr country went to shit and he somewhat rebuilt it
If being born in a developed country is something you feel you should brag about, you must be a pretty miserable person
Why are US and UK outlets the only ones ever names as the 'mainstream media'?
I fail to see randomness there?
And NO, I am not going to engage in discussion on "who killed more".
Wow, an existence of entire underground group that aims to kill political opponents or foreigners this is something that I didn't expect for Germany
ik dont worry i am just saying GTA 4 has one of most shit voice acting ever (and a alot stupid things), it would be better for Niko to be just russian
The same stuff the dude said, can be applied to Serbia, literally the same educational system, except ofc we learn Serbian and they Croatian, but the math is present for *at least* 12 years, and then depends what college you pick.
235–242
> białogłowa
Whatever i needed to learn in highschool i already knew because i started using internet more.
She was so sure that she had it in the bag that it was awkward and really she is just the quintessential corrupt, corporate sellout, no mild way to put it.
Anne-Marie, two names or a middle name isn't a thing in Serbia
Yeah,actually Kosovo makes 100% of Kosovo,but it only makes about 10% of the Republic of Serbia
United in hating each other is still united
So when kids study that in school, they accept it, because they see their teachers as the authoritative sources of knowledge
I literally don't know anyone that ever ate raw meat
This is getting out of control
If you learn that, I think the rest of  the grammar is easy
I had the same experience in Montenegro, but not in any other country on the Balkan peninsula.
The only one I can think of is "tamo gde i car ide peške" which translates to "there, where the emperor goes on foot"
>As a diplomatic move, that had limited value since the Russians did not make this mobilisation public until 28 July
I'm always astonished by and angry at the greed companies display, and Blizzard perfectly displayed that
You think I want this shit
I would gladly accept any train with painted on cocks and albanian flags, as long as there are some trains running in this shithole.
Croatian and Serbian are one language, so it is not unfortunate at all.
Pros: Good food
Tribe*
Why not divide entire BiH between Serbia and Croatia while we are at it?
plum rakija, which we also call slivovitsa is quite popular, but we also make rakija out of pretty much anything...
Other than that Catalonia has no right to secede under the  Spanish constitution, therefore going against the constitution is undemocratic
Sweden
Doesn't Russia have their own version of reddit though
I really like it, but it's not that special
Countries can block some chapters like Croatia did for a while, but those problems are easily solved.
Mitrovica wants to be part of Serbia rather than its own country.
Well, Serbia has a chaotic history
So there's no way you can write Ukrainian with Latin alphabet
We have keyboards that have Latin letters that are present in Serbian Latin script like š,č,ć,đ
Golden age of Serbia was during the rule of tsar Dušan the mighty (1331- 1355)
I might have a month or so to backpack around after I'm done working so hopefully that'll give me the time to travel to some of these places.
Serbian singers that have been in the game for a long time are the following:
implying US Presidents care about international law.
same in serbia, tap water is drinkable but it has a hard feeling to it, almost hard to swallow hahaha
[Bora Dugić - Tren (Moment)]
mišići - little mouses (muscles)
"...steering events in Republika Srpska towards Dodik’s victory, with a subsequent referendum for secession from Bosnia and Herzegovina, and ideally, (after overcoming Serbia’s president Vucic opposition) – unification with Serbia under the rule of the newly minted Serbian national hero Milorad Dodik."
It's not difficult to guess why.
We are the world's biggest exporter of raspberries
I live in Belgrade and I keep the doors of my apartment locked
I don't think about border crossing but border itself - which should meet several conditions.
Nouns, verbs, adjectives, even personal names
There are about 10 24-hour Indian/Pakistani restaurants in the Rogers Park neighborhood.
lolwhat, why don't they go to a different club
It is merak for you
To be fair, most didn't at the start of the First Chechen War.
To be honest, Turkey is practically an invader in Syria right now.
Hmm, not sure why not 'Montenegrians' rather than 'Montenegrins'.
Nilski konj = the Nile horse (hippopotamus)
Moldova is a failed state with a separatist territory with Russian troops and freshly elected Moscow puppet president.
The Serbs are sensing the same shift in geopolitical order as everyone else.
Learning poetry by heart is part of our native language classes, foreign poetry too sometimes, but not in the original foreign language.
Balkans, the place where most of shit happenes
Yeah, Wilhelm = виљем (viljem)
Well I don't reccomend missing out on their language, I think it sounds/looks really pretty.
Edit: Thanks everyone who replied/replies
So, if you are sharing a big venue space with another wedding, you will want to be sure that the bride is covered when out and about
No genocide happened, nor it was intended ed in Kosovo, also ruled by international courts
Wasnt his flag just a swastika
The general antipathy I get, but at this point what do they really have to fight over?
You can't fight against Isis and Al Nusra with flowers and rainbows...
Probably yes in some countries (Russia, Bulgaria), but it's not general rule
You wanted a fish, The chef wants to cook you a fish, but the majority of the staff wants to cook you a chicken
Question about a tourist visa for my uncle from Serbia.
samsung followed by apple from what i've seen.
Why should the left/liberal or in this case the young (always or at least a lot of the time) be the ones who have to reach out.
Im pretty sure its the norm in most of Europe
As I said, you reap what you saw.
It's a shame that I don't have the opportunity nor the time to delve into Irish history, it's ignored by most universities here in the east.
A few days ago was actually the 22 year anniversary of NATO agression against Yugoslavia
Politicians use this garbage as a way to distract people from the real issues.
Quite a few thinkg I would say
Not often you see Montenegro, Bosnia, Serbia and Kosovo but not Slovenia on the map nowadays.
All you need to know about upcoming Serbian presidential election (2.April.2017.)
")*
Hungarian
"Dictatorship is when I climd the minaret (the mosque tower from where priests call people to prayer) and piss on you from abowe
Croatian: Almost 100%, maybe there's a small chance I won't understand a word, but probably not, it's like a British person speaking to an American
[Blooming of the Tisa river] is a phenomenon occurring only once a year when a rare type of mayflies mate just above the river surface
Nah a rival has to be on the same level as you
Jesus dude, what's with your anti-Serbia sentiment, and actively searching for threads Serbia is mentioned to shit on it.
Which was used as a pretext for protests and burning of monasteries and property.
Also [relevant scene] from a Serbian movie Tesna Koža, oh and [another one]
France has a very strong wookie / crystals / aliens told me / alternative medicine movement
I don’t know if we have stereotypes
Dizelaši - during the 90s though
Meats and diary are my favorite.
The youth is great at English, though
Rich has nothing to do with it
It was really weird, because all the other inscriptions were in English and they were really inspiring such as 'Just keep going' etc
" (hello)
CK3
Yes the [Gusle]
2% unliterate
In one entity there is a Serb majority.
Is there much difference between dialects/accents in Serbia itself?
I have a
The fact that many people here believe that as a legit scenario IS whataboutism.
I thought that everyone learns Serbian,as we here learn English and German/French/Russian
I am guessing it is because the literal translation from Polish is *1st World War* and *2nd World War*.
Vukovar
No movement ks made without PM Vucic.
The first settlers were Puritans, the most religious English protestants.
I need more time to adjust then on winter time
But if i answer a question of that tipe by saying im yugoslavian people at best case state that the country nolonger exists at worst make fun of me.
Plenty of other Serbs, Croats and Slovenes born on Austrohungarian soil had to fight Serbs from Serbia as well.
I can't decide between creating Yugoslavia or creating second Yugoslavia
Weren't so defensive when they were bombing Belgrade
I don't know from what part of Greece are you but here in Northern Greece we do love and support them.
Thanks Albania for letting our army pass through your country to reach safety in WW1
It was pretty successful and still is.
I’m not in favor of returning majority Albanian territories to Serbia just because those churches are located within them.
-25M here
A lot of it is learning about the Holocaust and the genocide against Serbs in Croatia
French and Greek
Čuvaj se ~~brate~~ sestro, i budi ponos~~a~~na svog porekla, makar mora~~o~~la da ga kriješ u javnosti (to važi za sve, ne samo Srbe)
It would be amazing if all these buildings get their facades and hallways renovated somedays
When you talk to Greeks about it, they always say 'They arent Macedonians'.
It would be nice for us to not have even  a cameo
montenegro is more corrupt than serbia though.
and a few others lol
That's just not true
We all said yeah, we do
dunno about the US, but the breeds popular here are pomeranian, maltese, bichon, german shepherd, golden retriever, labrador, bulldog
First of all he was a great military leader, that's not up for debate.
[Sanja Ilić & Balkanika - Simonida] A song that kinda captures the tragedy of the Serbian people during the Ottoman occupation
Well, at least it seems that we ain't the only ones
And what could possibly happen without borders, except the massive influx of various terrorist groups that can now roam around the world and cause chaos
It means you should not expect an invitation, but you are expected to come
Romania: we've always had great relations with them, Transylvania is quite a unique place.
I already experienced worse previous years at this time
An estimated 20 per cent of refugee children in Serbia are unaccompanied and travelling alone.
Thanks Neighbour
Not getting fired
There is an arrow pointing towards a certain point in Russia, I assume that means many artifacts were found in that one exact spot.
I don't think we have bad relations with Serbia atm
After that go tweet about China having contractions camps and North Korea forcing its citizens to eat dogs
LOL
Nobody cares at all
Yeah although Serbian has a lot more consonants
"Hey, he's a good actor
LOL koji kralj taj lik hahah
Original footage of train on its way to glorious holy land:
Please explain to me me how bombing schools and hospitals in Serbian cities far away from Kosovo helped prevent whatever you're talking about
Remember when Hitler merged the positions of president and chancellor to further consolidate his power?
They've been meddling in Serbian politics for some time now.
Her career and public image exploded after that
Њ њ  | NJ nj | Like NE in New
I think our current president is not religious but he pays a lip service to the church when it's beneficial to him
Baffling
I like arguing and wasting my own time I suppose :)
Ignore our president now, he's pulling stunts because the elections are near and he has no real chance to win
[Vinca culture is older AFAIK, and it's in most of the balkans, but the entirety of Serbia is covered.]
But we were the only ones with a punishment and it makes us look like the only bad guy when we were the worst bad guy among bad guys with the strongest army and therefore capabilities to do the most damage.
US said that albanian people on kosovo were terorists year before agression on Serbia and Montenegro
Good one
However, there are plenty of derivatives with that meaning that are common today, like *pohvaliti (to praise/commend)* or *vredno hvale (worthy of praise)*.
And then Kosovo *unilaterally* declares independence in 2008, so Kosovo does not wont to solve it democratically since it broke its treaty.
180 is under average in 10 or so countries.
In Croatian they also say for instance časnik for officer (like a military one) but we say oficir
(they called them "madjarice" - Hungarian)
The people he had killed were Serb too
i swear the US's hate towards communism is built just so government can shout "that's communism!!!" at whatever they don't want to improve/change
Aww, thanks bro : 3
They don't work on forums, just the major news sites' comment sections.
Iridium supports data packets, but at really slow speeds (2,4kbps, but they claim it's up to 10kbps with compression).
All accross Europe people are voting right wing, of course that the supranational organisation will be right wing as well then.
Lol EU sensibilities
If Serbia recongnizes Kosovo tomorrow, what do we get
We always use those
It was a pretty city but what I saw and experienced was far from what I've seen in the movies and various photos and posts
1st-5th grade: učitelj/učiteljica
I still don't get when did Poland invade Serbia?
The only thing that is slightly out of use are the names of greater than the 5th generation
Also why "so called Srpska Republic"?
I don't know if it's a joke or not but I know a guy from Mehedinți county (close to Serbia) who looks just like that!!!!
We just won't out of principle.
He legit makes a killing from vegetables and dairy
[A hotel where you can sleep with Hitler]
That's why I didn't put it on the list
Want kosovo serbia back then
Good news i am above average, bad news- i live in Serbia
You can't stop moving goal posts and avoiding discussion
Just think of how insane these numbers are for a second.
We destroyed Bulgaria in a battle /s. Lol
Well the Serbs living in Kosovo certainly do wish they were part of Serbia, the problem stems more from the Albanian immigration into Kosovo during the second half of the 20th century.
Hungary
All people of Kosovo are Serbian, but they can be ethnic Albanian, after all, they are in living in the country of Serbia :)
They didn't even bother to declare war.
I think there might be shared machines in student dorms or something, since it doesn't make sense to have 1 machine per person
Maybe it's the political stand-off between the Federation and Republika Srpska?
This custom is highly implemented in the legacy and can be traced to the ancient Slavic belief that the host wouldn’t gain any favor of gods if he didn’t show hospitality to a guest
Here in Serbia, our PM is also the leader of his party so it's easier to see who's the puppet master.
I'd say that his logic is quite interesting thing to examin.
Christmas tradition is Нож
That sound Slavic as fuck, does anybody know etymologi of this name since France isn't really close to Slavic lands
Kosovo was part of Serbia for most of its modern history and has some of the oldest artefacts dating back to Serbias medieval days.
He has two Kalashnikovs, one under the counter and the other under his bed upstairs, just in case someone tried to rob them so he can blow them to pieces while they try.
btw "wiem" czy "znam"? nie jestem pewna
They got their independence from the West, they never had Russian influence in their country, EU did not require from Slovenia to trade its territory for membership
>(Nje is for the roots that are drying)
In front of himself he sees a destroyed, completely decimated and weaker than ever Germany
Četnički zločini su prenaduvani i to je i vama jasno.
However, she must wear a bridal wreath
Why is it shocking
Thanks Romania, and what is interesting about today is that there is a planned protest in Belgrade around the afternoon; so who knows, nobody can guess, but we might be seeing a Bucharest, most likely not today, but a scenario in the future hopefully still.
Its time that Russia realize they lost the cold war and most countries dont want to be part of some club led by Putin and co.
Like I remember from about two decades ago one episode of the Outer Limits had a murderous dictator called something like Mistoslav Krupchek, that spoke Russian with an American accent
King Uroš I was married to a French princess Hellen of Anjou and she was ill or sad (I can't remember right now) so he planted thousands of lilacs which are still there today in a valle known as Dolina jorgovana(Valley of lilacs)
For example:
Ahh I see, yeah people should look out if they are reposting when they post something
Thank you
Gomboce
In general rightwing terrorism in reunified modern germany absolutely dwarfs islamic terrorism.
What happened in 1918
Of the 476,649 people that requested asylum in 2015, 54,762 were from Albania, 37,095 from Kosovo, 26,945 from Serbia, 14,131 from Macedonia.
Just imagine what's going through his head at that moment
It takes longer to drive from Seattle to Miami, than it does to drive from Portugal to Tallinn, Estonia.........dip your toe in the water, then drive to Warsaw.
Funny how it has no overlaping meanings
"But nooo, global warming not exist
It kinda still does because we can't go back and undo it at this point.
We also eat a lot of dumplings (plum is more common than apricot though), and I assume that we got that during Austria-Hungary occupation of Vojvodina which is north region of Serbia
Oh you just can't imagine the cult of putin made by pro-government media here
Serbian uses one word for both - izolacija
Well, almost every day
Protests break out in Belgrade, demands for the mayor to resign
I change it all the time mainly trying stupid weak countries (like Luxembourg)
I'm pretty sure the Albanians were pretty happy with their own place.
I wounder if it's actually true or just urban (or rurla) legend
Not sure if it counts as an invention, but what [this guy did]
Only not coming at all is considered a bit rude, but still acceptable
that's why she's drowning us in refugees?
Exactly, Croatian Air Force faced the almost certain shutdown of its jet fighter component, but now, ironically, Serbia will be responsible for its continued life and new airplane acquisition.
How did you have photographers in 1860s when your country has been made in 21st century
He was helped by British intelligence as i remember well, true, but it was needed, hardly an "act of tribute of a defeated country" as you call it.
I think that Montechocolate is much closer than Serbia.
That song (and the previous one i linked) was met with a lot of hate in croatia while people in serbia generally like them.
*Croatian Bosnian Montenegrin*
Montenegro is no longer in Serbia, friend.
Lični seems more like "identity" rather than "personal"
What kind of business does a Montenegrin mafia have in Serbia?
Are those tiny land pockets really worth something so that Croatia can't agree Danube to be border with Serbia?
You mean if NATO decides that Serbia is about to perpetrate a genocide.
First cursive then printed-like, but considering that my handwriting is awful you still wouldnt be able to read amything, also even though im 18 i still dont know how to write in cursive latin but can easily in cyrilic
I wish countries did something like this with Serbia and our dictator
Some higher ups could but whatever
For paperwork there is also a patronymic
Warm/pleasant 15 to 30
Hope this finds ya interesting
The Drina river valley as seen from Tara Mountain, Serbia
I don't see how Greece is relevant to this, as the post is about the Serbian town of Kikinda and not Greece
if you get rid of the past 30 years
Just a solid black screen on desktop
I knew about the social services, that basically do nothing and leech money, but department for children is a new one for me
Also not sure you know the definition of "pretend".
Yes, and you hate the US and think it is the source of all evil.
Vienna - Beč
Interesting, thanks for the clear up
One of the things i didn't like in Istria, is how open their nationalism is being presented, and how many shop owners are most definitely not Croats, or from countries which Croatia borders
Yeah, it would be weird to smoke weed while sleeping
Without the letters q, w, y and x we have a 30 letter alphabet.
I use exclusively latin, i learned to read very early when i was maybe 5 or 6 years old, i don't even remember exactly  when and how (probably it came with comics and footbal albums with sticker images i adored)
About 70% of people were against any war or incidents with Kosovo.
But you in the Balkan are already trying that.
The only thing even remotely criminal that ever happened to me was that someone took my gloves at uni a few years ago when I forgot them on a lobby chair
["Zanimljive geografije" \(interesting geography\)] - basically you randomly point to a letter and then all players have to write down geographic stuff like river, country, city, mountain, etc starting with that letter within a time period
Diverting evil eyes:
Hello there
Though it's kinda special that Serbs use both Cyrillic and Latin equally, and the whole two alphabet thing.
I don't know what the Republic of Srpska will do about this, though.
Since we're discussing small but interesting facts I though I'd join.
Your flair confuses me
Nobody in Serbia said anything, everything is being reported from anonymous sources.
Even the 15th centruy census didn't just assume that all christians were Serbs "131 *Christian* households of which 52% in Suho Grlo were *Serbs*".
The sentiment of that guy is by far not prevalent.
Back then it was considered good
It was a part of [Non-Aligned Movement]#Origins)
Southern France for the beaches and nice weather
We use the term "labelo", from the brand Labello, to refer to lip balm
You seem to imply that you subscribe to the (so far) groundless allegation that Trump is a russian puppet and that he "worked together with the Kremlin" to get elected.
You're right
When you walk back inside your house, a big block of cold air just hits you and it feels so refreshing.
But yeah Bulgaria was the driving force of the first Balkan war and fought the most and lost the most men.
In order to read a word in the 1st three languages you need to know how it's pronounced, while in croatian you don't.
"Prva" which means "First". That's the most watched one
Serbia's south so it's not that dark.
[7] After Austria gained control of northern Serbia andOltenia with the Treaty of Passarowitz in 1718, officials noted the local practice ofexhuming bodies and "killing vampires".[7]These reports, prepared between 1725 and 1732, received widespread publicity
I don't think any issues in the 90s. Besides of course you wouldn't because you're not as strong as you used to be
The one and only bride:
Well, first they would have to deal with Montenegro issue
Rich city-state
Are you the Pope
I was like clean shaven up until like three weeks ago, but i decided to grow my beard back
Not even then
Basically all the other comments
", we say "baš me briga
It was like 5 minutes bus drive
I fucked up again
That's the weirdest music video I've ever watched...
So why don't they stay in all the safe countries they have crossed through to join Sweden : no war in Turkey, no war in Greece, Macedonia, Serbia, Hungary, Czechia...
Janko is a legit common name here lol
> It literally is
I'm not sure where it comes from but internet says it's a version of Tihomir which is weird because Tihomir is a rare name here.
Where r u from
Exception is in older history where we serbizate some names
And then you have
We displayed 11.541 red chairs each representing a single person who was murdered.
It would be Brexit for Serbia as well.
Sounds about right
Clodomir
Build hydralisk
Edit: After checking Saint Savas Cathedral is the fourth largest Orthodox Church so far, but it's still an important piece of architecture and one of the biggest churches
Oh look, a negative comment about Russia in a Russian related thread aaand is the most voted one, r/europe never disappoints.
Because EU is synonymous with Europe?
Albania was neutral during WWI, it didn't have an army to attack Serbs retreating through.
To me it comes across as incredibly fake and disingenuous, so I tend to like politicians more who are upfront and present themselves as who they are.
And that one is even made in Bosnia I believe
I wish they had a holiday like that in Serbia
Thank you Montenegro for being the most badass country to exist
Things aren't as bad as described by some foreign media, but saying things are awesome and business as usual is a blatant lie.
In a word:No
Not speaking for Nutella, as I don't think they label their products for specific regions and you can get Polish, French and German Nutella here.
I was referring to the initial leaders like Talaat pasha and his crew.
I like how this map solved all Balkan problems
The Greco-Serbian warm relations were present since the first Balkan War where we fought together.
I wouldn't really agree, but I guess you feel that way because they are innocent and defenseless.
Even he worked in Switzerland for a time, until he realized how hard it was to learn a language like German.
There are also several cities that were further built by Romans, most notably the capital, Belgrade, or Singidunum as it was called back then
Difference between "Monenegrin" and Serbian are the same as differences between English spoken in New Zealand and English spoken in Australia.
Last time I was in Serbia there was a slovenian girl with us, and we were all speaking in English or Serb/croat or German and I don't really think she could understand much.
Biti jevrej (to be a jew) - when someone is a scrooge or stingy.
First step is to get the name (Jovan) or profession (Kovač - blacksmith)
Gotta practise dat terrorism ya know?
Vaše reči izgledaju tako čudno, previše akcenata i 'y'.
Looks like they are getting worser with each generation
*kissing in public, holding hands*
No I can't, because I don't know a single case when Canada started or at least threatened another country with war.
Russia- as orthodox, Slavic nation as us and as an ally
No hard feelings, honestly (Serb here).
Cons: low salaries (bad economy) + for Belgrade: too many people, pollution, bad public transport
Tho this is whole population thats older than 15 years in 2011 so this is most likely different than now but still interesting nevertheless
Really nothing *that* special
And yeah, the recognition of Kosovo has tarnished many longstanding relations, but im curious why didn't Slovakia buckle but Czech Republic did
I will probably have to read the translated version, as I don't believe my Serbian is good enough to read books.
what did Serbia do with it's jews?
Honestly I wouldn't meddle with that kind of shit, but it's your choice
Yeah, I don't remember such a huge incident ocurring here before.
The original comment was referring to Albanians attempting to destroy a monastery.
One effect of this often goes unnoticed.
He did however base the tragic hero, Turin Turambar, on Kullervo, another character from Kalevala.
But on a real note, those shops make it so attractive to spend your money there
It’s believed that the bride that is seen will get married, but will also die
No you are bc yer skin and bones
Way to alienate the moderate Turks.
I think this is the first winter since measurments began without snow
No need to worry, nothing actually distressing really happened.
Because this one (RS) has some pretty cool nature.
Tamo Daleko would be much better
Exactly, but people usually think it's the most Christian thing ever
Yes, Kosovo is Serbia's "heart" in terms of religious origins, but christian Albanians lived there too, we were not always mulsim..
Dva, tri, četiri slona - two, three, four elephants
100: some 80g of chocolate, chips, a few bananica etc
Hrvati ce nas uvek block, a i nikad necemo priznati Kosovo.
And I'm no Brit, but even if it fully support HK protests, it's just political oppinion and snowflakes could melt and stew in their outrage, but cannot force it on others
Thanks
\]"
Belgrade (1
Srećna Nova godina i Božić onim koji slave :)
-Living in the capital city of Serbia
I'd say this is in part because of my over-exposure to english, but part of it is because my native language internet is almost imaginary
I understood everything without knowing the words, it was a really strange experience
I like the word "lad". I wish it was used instead of "dude", "bro", "man" etc
Lived in Chernovstsi for over ten years, never heard of it.
Uum....more complicated than that, we denied the referendum, they started an armed insurgency (terrorist attacks) from 1995-1998 that escalated in full scale war in 1999, both conflicts were started by Albanians, then Serbia got bombed the fuck out of NATO, that's like in Crimeas case, Russia bombs Kiev because it opresses Crimea.
We LOVE when someone is soeaking Serbian, even if the speaker knows only a few words
During the wedding ceremony, as the couple says their vows, the bride has the option to step on the groom’s foot if she pleases
Actually, the Romanian protests gave spark to this protest, we probably wouldn't be protesting if you guys didn't do it a week ago :D So thanks Romaniabros <3
One of the reasons it's considered rude is because it might inconvenient other people
It's not about what race they are, but what they do
Right now we basically don't help out Russia at all, we haven't recongnised sovreingty over Crimea nor are we military aligned with them (or NATO) but we still consider each other best friends
Those where not just general "we will back our allies" statements, but specific and repeated encouragements (and not just from Vilhelm before his boating trip) for Austria to deal with Serbia.
The only non-American flags that were ever flown on the White house are Serbia's and France's.
Yes, if China wouldn’t squeeze us by the balls
It was already done with Slovakia, Czech R. and Finland, our government should now target Baltics
As if society is not already divided enough
Tolerance of other religions is the key to assimilation.
The train getting attacked wouldn't be that important.
If they can join Kosovo, then I do not see a problem with giving majority Serb areas of Kosovo to Serbia.
Areas in Belgrade in Serbia built in socialist times are a much better place to live now than the pre-socialist parts of the city mostly because of green spaces, much more space between buildigns etc
I just so happen to be from Croatia.
Marijuana is grown and sold from Albania and Kosovo, while the Cocaine is imported from Colombia and other South American nations, Serbian organized crime members actually are arrested a lot for cocaine smuggling.
DO they actually teach you in Croatia INA is as wealthy as Venezuelas?
Maybe they have the similar products.
Youre telling me Belgradians accent more than southerners??
It has nothing to do with Serbia and everything to do with Milo Dukanovic being a power hungry dictator that wants to stay in power using any means at hand.
E.g. Novak Jokić is a legit Serbian name
Plural: хвала вам
Russia, it started when they helped us in fighting for independence against the Ottomans
Also, didn't know that people in most other countries use cofee-makers instead of [this
Or those societies make some kind of
It's common around here for women to talk about it, especially among themselves
It's not illegal as in the middle-eastern countries, and it's not liberal as in Amsterdam
On the other hand, turbo-folk lives on in Slavonia, though, and that's the wild card
No doubt people might have a different opinion, and in Bulgaria a lot of people are sympathetic to Russia, maybe a lot more than any other country in Eastern Europe except Serbia.
As always r/europe never disappoints to relate everything to Russia
They have to conquer Serbia first
When things like this starts happening, that's when tiranny starts to fall
Apparently it's popular with Serbians and Albanians, but only in the number of hundreds per year.
In return we gave them football players.
Pro-Russian sentiment is common here, and anti-American sentiment equally so.
I really liked the country and I thought Belgrade was a wonderful and chill city.
They say it's much easier to avoid them now, by not starting conversations unless speaking perfect German/French with others
Not much can be expected of us in this matter since the EU itself can't demand recognition for membership
I just think we shoulf ideologicly distinguish between medieval states based in fudalism and modern states based on modern ideas
The only thing I trust from Lenovo is their ThinkPad T and X series of laptops.
None, I don't have it mostly
Before WW2 there was huge Jewish and German minority.
North Kosovo should be annexed by Serbia, while giving the Albanians who live there the opportunity to go to Albanian Kosovo.
Quantinum Discord
Jedan u toj grupi se ja mislim zove kiddara hahah
Which is shit, compared to NATO, I think we'll both agree.
"Build a hydralisk" no comment on my country
Italy has a big trade suficit while spain has a deficit.
It is physically impossible for a post related to Bosnia, Serbia or Albania to not have a fight in the comments.
There isn't anything left of Yugoslavia
No nut november on the first and on the second
>Conversion among Catholics in communities of Northern Albania involved males outwardly embracing Islam, often to avoid payment of taxes and other social pressures which in the Ottoman system targeted men while females of the household remained Christian
That's nice to hear, I might study in Moscow and it'll probably be something IT-related
And how are they different than those liberals
Kosovo is Serbia
But you have to pay a lot
If we are joining the EU the way we are now, it's nothing more than prostutition; joining only for the money, which are more than likely going to end up in the politicians' personal pockets.
that's not how it works because per capitas aren't equal.
I know this comment had very little to do with your comment, but I just want you to know that things are more complicated than what we learn in school.
Monument to an unknown hero on Kalemegdan fortress or Petrovaradin Fortress
So if he married 4 gay couples, would that make him bisexual
It's a good solution imo
Kosovo is now a candidate member which has had a lot of negotations already, and which has shown to be a lot more willing to be proeuropean than Serbia, so it would really be odd to not ask that.
You think that's ridiculous
You look pretty good even with the extra weight on.
You should do an AMA
Have to agree with the emotional part
the one sport that matters ;-)
it's sad tbh
Now it makes sense, thank you for correcting yourself and have a nice day
the best surstromming video ever
There's a ton of proof of people being forced to vote for his party, even videos
I'll buy you some *burek sa sirom*
True, though its less to the South than, say, Serbia or Bulgaria.
you seem like someone who has no idea about the topic, so don't answer me any further if you're gonna keep sprouting ironic bullshit
Abundance of ъ is the giveaway for Bulgarian, ї is Ukrainian, and ђ and ћ Serbian.
As Aken said, that's the point: to evaluate when Ukraine is back to the level before the crisis, you need to compare total current GDP to (total GDP before the crisis - GDP before the crisis of territories not part of Ukraine anymore).
I am curious, what is the view of modern day Serbians on Tito's rule?
Here's my personal anecdote about that.
The amount of Hungarians living in the neighboring countries is roughly as much as the whole population of Slovenia.
Do I need to paste YouTube stuff where their leaders are bragging that they will never accept Croatia, that they only want Yugoslavia/Serbia?
No such thing as a "Macedonian slav" existed on a national identity basis, only regional one, same as the regional identities within Bulgaria, Serbia or Greece.
Like Russia gave money to FN by handing FN a loan.
I always found funny when you enter GR at Evzoni and it says ''Welcome to Macedonia''.
It would be hilarious though, imagining Trudeau with his pretty face trying to intimidate some dictators.
I actually don’t like EU but i think in different form it would be amazing
In those two times, armed Albanians from surrounding villages descended on the Serbs and pushed them out.
Because apparently as ive been told, this subreddit is a massive circle-jerk thats usually anti Russian,Serbian or Turk.
Even if you want to buy a buss ticket you have to prepare the exact amount of money so that the driver doesn't bother counting the change
Read the whole comment next time
Your entire post history is right wing serbian bullshit attacking all the countries neighboring Serbia.
And my mother is stuck with 200 euros per month pension
Balkans as whole has one of the highest rates of cigaretts consumption per capita in the world.
My whole life has been a lie
Not so much anymore, but I still love the Italian anthem (the most beautiful in the world to me), and the French and Chinese anthems are very powerful to me too
And another example car is "auto"
Balkan stubbornness and "pride" is something that can't be easily dealt with.
Fuckin' join, Greater Serbia ain't gonna create itself
They are either ultra chads or Vucic's sandwich-eaters, there's nothing in between
Well, I didn't know that
Albanians would be happy with that and just forget the war.
Serbia and Montenegro
They started collaborating with serbian song writers and the production house IDJ videos.
Here in Serbia we actually call it 'luftirati', with the root German word Luft
The whole package
Welcome aboard, Balkans may be a shithole but they are out shithole
And what about ["A ty myla"] and "[Gei sokoly] those are among my favorite ukrainian songs
How will there possibly be no one else to blame
we do not have to let Serbian citizens into the country for 90 days, if we decide to cancel the agreement between the two countries.
What's funny is that one of your fellow Romanians is claming the same thing in a post above the same thing, except he's actually serious...
Even if you want to buy a buss ticket you have to prepare the exact amount of money so that the driver doesn't bother counting the change
The Serbs had their own clock 600 years before the Swiss did
It was an empire
F-Fenomenal times you spend with your friends
Do I need to say anything
'Why did you leave the door open
oh, so that's why people here love Slovaks more
Yes, no one will really care unless you provoke people about being Albanian or something weird like that.
If Serbia attacks an EU member state, then it will be at war with every nation in the EU.
When general Živković arrived at the station, he simply said "marš u pičku materinu" (go fuck yourself) and continued fighting
Their relations with Albania and Bosnia do not matter (as they are further along the path to EU membership than these nations).
I always take the night trains so I safe one night for which I otherwise had to pay in a hostel.
Also the Albanians in Kosovo were killing the Yugoslav police and millitary there which is why the war even started
/r/europe users are most definitely a lot dumber than an average /pol/ and /int/ users of 4chan.
They are conservative and eurosceptic.
Serbia, Macedonia, Croatia, Montenegro, Slovenia have town codes too
they were not my countryman u ppl still have no idea what happened here its more complicated then u think
English becouse translations to Serbian are aids 99% of the time
They recognize other types of partnerships but their constitution is against it at the same time?
(in terms of economy)
>*And* ***there where*** *he had ridden (no man* ***fairer (more beautiful)****)*
According to most Russophobes even wanting good relations with Russia means you are a ''puppet of Putin''.
You go to a local pub to drink beer with friends, live music is playing for your table, you have nothing to worry about, you are happy that you are in that momeny with those people
They are gentle and nice people, but as a country it's not so good even if it's rich.
We're just a big cultural mess
Rakija in one hand and a Cevap in the other for us Serbs most definitely
We had the worst June in the history of mosquitoes here, even far from rivers and in the city (because the month was a combination of very hot weather and weekly heavy rains)
We would have Albanians in our capital but at least Kosovo would truly be Serbia
Dude, Macedonia/FYROM/North Macedonia is an independent country with nothing but good relations with Serbia.
That doesn't look so bad tbh
Tajvanska Kanasta (Taiwan Canasta) a dark comedy about everything that brought Yugoslavia to an end
Except Corfu, which only recognises the Most Serene Republic of Venice and no one else.
He was in full support of Serbia's response to Austria's demands, as per his own words on July 28th 10 AM in the morning.
Or you will get a paper notification left in your mailbox if the package was delivered by state owned Pošta Srbije
They won't if Serbia defuses the situation,which it has been doing, by not supporting the Referenduom about th State Day.
Yeah ok, believe that shit
Is that a thing anywhere in europe now
Nope
Those places have existed before man kind.
A great example of his power is that he will push for our independence, and maybe even unite us with our brothers across the Drina River.
Yeah, we would have conquered the whole Europe, sure.
No genocide happened, nor it was intended ed in Kosovo, also ruled by international courts
Because as you said he was primarily involved in many deaths in the 90s and was also responsible for not only the deaths of both Albanians and Serbians but was also responsible for kicking Albanians out of there homes in Kosovo which is completely wrong and should in no way be supported
Michael Flynn: Trump's national security adviser quits over ties to Russia - BBC News
I saw on the internet and with my own eyes that some people never take off their shoes inside
Belgrade (originally Beograd) comes from the words "beo" meaning white, and "grad" meaning city
That's why I said litteral translation
Just because another country is doing the same thing doesn't make it any better...
I didnt mean that type of big
Lol no, thats Rivendell
Hey, it's our turn anyway
Is this in any way safe
how is yugoslavia supposed to be an insult
I dare say they would prove quite useful.
How can you people even make any claims about this region when you don't even know the basics?
Not really, I kind of picked it up while I was a kid
Thing is, [Dundo Maroje] is a mid-16th century play written in Croatian in Republic of Ragusa, and I don't really see how Ragusa would be connected to Serbia and Serbian language...
As a result, they attached many of the remaining Serb civilians and destroyed their houses and cultural monuments.
The bit about Serbia is fake news!
If Serbia and Kosova went to war would you pick up a gun?
By that logic, Crimea should be Russian because of the majority of Russians that lived there, half of Croatia should be Serbian (before 1995) and now 47% of Bosnia should be Serbian(not Bosnian Serb, i mean under Serb state)
By that time Serbia will probably turn to Russia, And Russian economy will be strong by that time.
City of Belgrade is located at the southeast side of Danube
it coincides with /r/europe getting worse.
Came for this comment
Yes, they have a history of conflicts and so on, but it is a totally different thing from middle-east.
Богомољка, which literally means "woman that prays to god"
Tribe*
Why should he be listed under Serbia?
Oof, a tough question really
I'd be surprised if that wasn't intentional haha.
Man, I'm just talking about casus belli.
Wait, would Croatia actually side with Serbia in an Albania-Serbia knife fight?
Idk, people always have bad connotations associated with nationalism..
Are Serbian people and people from the Balkans in general really very tall?
Have no idea
Obviously a slang term but commonly used to refer to something far away
And its a British territory rather than a country, but I really have no interest in going to Gibraltar, it just seems like all the shit bits of Britain, but in the sun.
a i to sto kazes
He is a blonde and blue eyed kid, pretty tall for his age and he was treated like a movie star
When I go to Serbia, they hardly say it at all.
We have *okrug* (county) which is administrative/statistical unit compromising of several municipalities (usualy larger town and surrounding smaller ones with villages), without any importance.
to me it sounds like someone knowing 10 words is trying to improvise
So even though Croatia has not Veto on this (they were not yet a member When Serbia accession talks began) they can still cause some headaches for Serbia.
Croatia took part in the *largest* genocide on European soil?
Religion is a huge deal over there.
You are just bashing a journal article that shows a lot about the wars in Iraq and Syria, a lot more of what people are usually fed up by media, but you just say that it's fallen low.
Also you can hear some rumblings about Vojvodina independence or joining Hungary, but those are mostly ignored
between croatia and romania, probably.
Do you take off your shoes when you enter your home
Glava, ramena, stomak, kolena
France is 10th in the world by plum production
Croatia is demanding school books in the Croatian language for the Croatian minority in Serbia, which also have additional content regarding Croatian culture and history.
\[2\] Prime Minister [Jovan Ristić] wanted a homogeneous country, without Muslims and with a reliable population in the area
If you work for 300/400E, which a lot of people in Serbia do, it's very hard to live alone in an apartment where the rent would be minimum 200E.
I've seen excerpts from it, including the choicest ones.
We have a saying "puši kao Turčin" = "smoking like a Turkish".
So it's true that the land in Connaught is shit.
god bless the European Union
I think the EU really needs to cut Serbia some slack, not just promises but something tangible, so Chinese investments will simmer down
Romanian was about a battle during the war of the Roses
Then tell me how and why Kadyrov ended up switching sides.
There are some exotic names created this way which are considered rare and old timey
Kosovo deserves independence from Serbia.
Following the article most people seem to think of themselves speaking different languages, like the Serbs speaking Serbian and the Croats speaking Croatian.
We are sort of obsessed with Irish bars in the former Yugoslav state, you can find a bunch of them in every capital city
I mean yeah, but this is more unique
They fabricated that serbians did war crimes on albanian people
A lot of Serbs start referring to Vuk Branković when they talk about stuff like that
Bularian and N. Macedonian are very close, Slovenian is a bit harder to understand farher south you go
People ask why doesnt Albania just annex Kosovo but what they dont realize is Albania is in even worse shape and the state barely functions there too.
Serbia has opened 6 and closed 1 chapter.
I don't even think a lot of people know they're albanians - I didn't even know until now, even though I am familiar with them.
And border control at airports connecting with other Schengen countries?
I mean I wouldn't be able to believe myself either if I was from USA
I like to trashtalk commies to be honest but not everything is black and white, turns out they did atleast something right in my country
Power to the people
>they do not recognize their war crimes
What sort of advantages did it bring?
I just had to say that
Loved it
I don't think anyone is saying Serbia should be prohibited from saying these things, they're just saying it's distasteful.
Joking
Yeah, there's even a bus that uses it as a turntable
Hungarian icebrakers in Serbia and Croatia
Croatia does not have the right to veto Serbian accession because Serbia became a candidate member before Croatia joined.
I used this kind of heating myself, and my electricity bill surprised me in a happy sense, but we don't get too far below zero
But 'hur dur lucky charms', 'drunk irish people', 'IRA 'terrorism''
I do think Orbán has plans for making some cind of "Central European block" with Central European and Balkan countries
Right and right before that they were massacring Serbs as part of the Ottoman army, so it is like he said, a back and forth
The EU only requested normalisation in relations which is a viable thing
My point was that Kosovo ceding Mitrovica is analagous to Serbia ceding the Preševo Valley.
It could be new Poland but instead, we are the worst :)
There are few drunken beggars but they keep to themselves
Every village also had to build one instead one huge one for lot of surrounding area if they wanted a church
Istria is truly beautiful imo
He's a Serbian shill pretending to be Slovene.
In Serbia we also eat poppy seeds, and they are espetially popular in the north of the country (the region which has a lot of indluence from central Europe)
Our ancestors are very important for us
None
Is there a rational reason that doesn't involve nationalism or other arguments from emotion?
Well that's the question now isn't it
you must've misunderstood something
They would probably change their mind if they had to recognize Kosovo though.
Brate - Tebra
A family of five deciding to levae before their asylum request is denied gets ,additionally to basic support, 4.200€.
This is what Serbia cares about, not the 30k-50k remaining Serbs in the country.
Sometimes I have a feeling that "Balkan" is jusy politically correct way to say "Serbia". Like "Balkan is bad and agressive and poor".
I'm not sure how can they even apply for asylum in the first place.
Serbia is also probably close because of religion and you were the only NATO country that didn't bomb us in '99
That one works too, yeah
"Write as you speak and read how it's written"
Anyway f*k you Milo for destroying the country I loved, for ruining the friendships I made and trying to keep me away from my family there
As long as you don't blame or insult anyone it's fine, but I always look to change the subject
That man is also the one who was a captain on a ship recently found to have been transporting drugs
First one would probably be Black George Begins, or Black George Rises
The northern province of Serbia, Vojvodina is really diverse with 6 official languages (Serbian, Croatian, Hungarian, Slovakian, Romanian and Rusyn)
It's not legal requirement, no, but disgraceful that a very wealthy country with a long standing budget surplus is not meeting spending guidelines
What Serbian migrations, what are you talking about?
The pro-Eu people will not be as afraid of Turkey (they are in NATO) as they are of Russia, but the pro-Russian people will say the opposite.
yeah, everyone fucking LOVES each other here in the merry ol' Balkans.
When it happened c type didn't exist and lightning was brandly new on iphone 5
I am not advocating for a wall or anything but it doesn't seem to me that the leaders of Germany take this issue seriously.
Nope, people have been punished for saying much less.
Shrugs, you don't have to listen to the "West" and so called Serbian politicians since they profit off of people's misery, fears, differences on all sides for their own gains.
Would you say its as different as someone from England vs an American speaking English?
Surprisingly hard
Basically every turbo-folk song.
Except maybe Novi Sad, never heard anything about Novi Sad being refered like that
Croatia has comparable garbage to that, tbh
The overwhelming majority of Crimeans (94%) wanted to remain in Russia after the fall of the USSR.
This is all personal anecdote but still having friends there and visiting often sentiment is still the same
this is aforementioned "sns bot"
Yeah, that is a good point
Jimba22, I assume, was referring to the accuracy of the polls at predicting actual election results.
In '90s steel mill my parents worked at lost all of it's foreign market and supliers
A really cool spoon though
Thank you for assisting us in liberating our country in WWII, and not overdoing your welcome
Perhaps, but Serbia has many advantages over Iraq, including proximity to the large European markets, and not fighting Islamists.
And yes, the sates were formed by the same people
Yes, Voki toki, guess witch word is that
American English has more differences from British English, than Croatian with Serbian and Bosnian
And this will only serve to encourage Serbia in its EU-led normalization with Kosovo, since Belgrade’s motivation is also obtaining membership, albeit in the EU, not NATO (*for the moment; this will likely change*).
Really no pattern
The plastic bags and the ice cream box full of sarma is a thing here too
Yeah, just be careful with that.
In the last few decades the EU has done their part as well, borders between most European countries exist only on maps and in some heads, we share a currency, combine our diplomatic weight, elect shared representatives, etc.
The first is misdirected, though possibly unavoidable
They will switch places
• Slavic Balkan settlements
What's going on on the first photo?
The bride is unable to leave the house until the apple gets shot
*Zahvaliti* - *to say thanks*
Montenegro
she is fucking annoying
And States became independent - and war was between this states.
Almost as if they are all speaking Serbian...
I gotta visit Moscow some day when I start earning money
The fact that the Ottoman Emirate began as a separate state and only conquered the Byzantine Empire also marks a clear break.
Maybe the US should retire every once in a while to think before it acts
No thanks for fucks sake, stop fuelling separatists.
That dear to me is
Then on uni, I went full latin, because of chemistry, and now I’m almost always use latin
the title has nothing to do with the site page, it was put by the poster
We are more neutral than allies to Russia and also about the "genocide", it happened 21 years ago, why do we still care about it?
Usually Slovenian surnames end with -ič while Croatian and Serbian end with -ić.
Moldavia for example I would consider Eastern Europe.
Therefore Croatia, never one to be upstaged, now does the same thing to Serbia.
I'm down, every fourth month we should let the animals roam free for it's duration
Become **a bush** that way you aren't a stingy annoying tourist, you are something new, something weird
>and the US is quite friendly towards immigrants overall
Whaaaaat, that's crazy
It's annoying, just sit down and let's talk, the food is fine
One of the funniest things I saw, related to US based evangelical Christians, was when few of them came to Serbia with idea to preach to the people
Mainly because the US was bombing Serbia - our "orthodox brothers" two years earlier.
French demographic crisis was ultra bad after the war, France was devastated.
Croatia demanding better rights for their minority, while they have everything and literally nobody complains in Serbia, and Serbs in Croatia can't use cyrillic and are discriminated and vilanized in every form of society, what a paradox
This map basically also says fuck Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia
or anything about Balkans
I just adore them for their old-timey poshness
And you are at the same time willing to federalize Croatia and give Serbians a federal unit of their own?
As most of the Balkan was under Ottomans for centuries, main goal of every major nationality being occupied was creating a state
here it's as in english (eych en em)
They gave serbia a ultimatum soo bizare
I'm most often not even aware if some word is British or American
I view Turks to Arabs the same way people everywhere in the world view Ukrainians to Serbians
So this is the balkans in a nutshell :)
In my country average wage is 410 dollars idk about other countries
You can tell the region where someone is in based on accent
I find the sound of the Romance languages unappealing.
Pretty much, they were sick and tired of the climate and thought that Serbia had a better weather.
It's amazing how huge Moscow is
Gross oversimplification
Or he sincerely thinks this is a provocation, if thats the case somebody should explain it to him.
january (like Russians, cuz our Orthodox church still uses old calendar)
rebellion
Well that's not just one state then, isn't it?
But what NATO did was a illegal war to make a illegal secession of state and bombed and killing thousand of civilians.
not pizza imo but I'd definitely try that
Shadow of war still stands over us and many didn't forget it
Actually it's a huge issue
Im guessing the appeal of Trumpet music went over your head :/
And č, ž and š are part of our alphabet (guess where we got it from )
I dont know single person that thinka what Mladic did was ok
They're all leaving, both young and old, and it's becoming a huge issue, since schools are running out of children and some will be closed soon.
And yes, you can have some rakija for free
Pretty much yes,but There are some words that sound unlike anything I've ever heard before
Celebration of Aleksandar Vucic's candidature for president in Serbia and the world (Parody)
Amazing country one of the most beautiful i been to
Countless of Serbian terrorists got less than 10 or 15 years for death over hundreds of civilians.
Yes, true, but it would be unwise to forget that Germany or Germans tried to wipe us out twice in the last century
', shambolic, bollocks, mental
The comon plasic bag (најлонска кеса) is incresingly more and more rare, it is pratcicaly going extinct in the wild, some people tho keep them as pets - dispicable.
It's just fascinating how well it works in Balkans for the last three decades.
He did, and he even sounded quite good
Happy birthday Romania
Help me with purchaching Venetian Republic flag in Italy
In Serbian, we call them "Češka" which roughly translates to scratching.
They say it's much easier to avoid them now, by not starting conversations unless speaking perfect German/French with others
So, in addition to siding with Beijing, they destroyed the thing that made them stand out in the first place
All of the Balkans
I mean we can't sanction Russia forever, at some point people have to sit down talk it out and reach an agreement.
That's why it's an honourable mention
They ended up bombing every city in Serbia btw
Ulrike Lunacek asks EU to pressure Serbia to drop charges on war criminal Ramush Haradinaj [Article in Serbian]
nor the lgbt defenders
Serbs living in the map which shows Serbia at the time continued their statehood traditions with Kotromanić dinasty.
So, Serbs in Serbia would say "mleko" for milk while we would say "mlijeko" or "vidjeti" for to see, while they would say "videti" etc etc.
Ha-ha, his comment with that blood stuff made me think he is talking about 90s.
Serbia recognizes every ex-Yugoslavian country except for Kosovo which was never a country before.
Because they're bloody amazing.
more like, no one in serbia that doesn't visit reddit hasn't heard the song.
Cultural and linguistic erasure in Subotica, Serbia
aha znaci boli te dupe za sve penzionere i mlade bez posla u ovoj drzavi, samo gledas sebe i cilj ti je korupcija samo da stima tebi.
Your Portuguese passport will be valid in Ireland too.
Here it's basically the norm
Didn't see that about wiki, thanks.
If Bosnia splits into three parts the Serbian territory will almost certainly be able to join Serbia (especially now that US and Russia are getting more on board with each other) but I don't think there's a way for the Croatian part to join Croatia because Croatia is now an EU country and EU didn't agree to take in parts of Bosnia when they admitted Croatia in 2013.
Fair enough although we have a sizeable diaspora in the UEA which isn't that bad
We dont fight wars anymore, cant do it.
Najlepše Želje is good if you like milky chocolates (they don't really have different flavours), but chocolates aren't out best sweets, there are far better ones.
No need to season it strongly or simmer it for hours, we make soups or bake or fry them.
Montenegro- although politicians try to divide us, in heart and soul we are the same
Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Kosovo, Albania, FYROM Macedonia
How will there possibly be no one else to blame
I couldn't comprehend that Bureau is an english word when i first saw it
We don't even count 15 minutes, it's considered being on time
Even if Vucic is an autocrat who tries to silence the media.
The second is just plain evil, and made the hatred between the two nations much much worse
>skaat
It's a roman Catholic church destroyed in 1884 revolutions and has since been completely rebuilt
I would say a whole Kosovo cycle of our national poetry about famous battle of Kosovo
Yes because till yesterday our supreme leader was bragging how corona is no more in Serbia
there's always something new at the Balkans..
\[3\]\[1\] Ristić viewed Albanian populated territories as strategically important and representing a future base to expand into Ottoman Kosovo and Macedonia
According to wikipedia the list goes as United States, Serbia,Yemen, Switzerland, im actually quite surprised myself
He was really popular in Serbia too, along with Modesty Blaze, Mandrake, Tin-Tin etc
At the moment Serbia is practically a single-party state, there is no opposition worth mentioning, plus polls give a clear edge to Nikolić.
security guard
Probably because they commit a disproportionate amount of crime.
To serbia mainland ww1 was worse then ww2
They'd pay you a bus ticket for 20 - 30 km, and that's it.
Baka prase and other youtubers
I imagine tourism contributes a hell of a lot to Greece's economy.
In Serbian it's completely different, which I always found weird
I think we are more like in southeastern Europe instead of just eastern.
The thing about Hungarian's opinion is that before the fence was erected on our souther border with Serbia, people in the capital had hands-on experience with migrants who basically occupied one of our biggest central train stations.
And that's only modern times, not to mebtion Nemanjić dynasty, or pre-Christian rulers
I'm from Chakavian region, but we don't speak it at home and I barely understand real Chakavian.
Good structure for a Counter-Strike map.
When we fought for more autonomy and better rights in the First Serbian Uprising (1804-1813), and after a few years had the opportunity to get that autonomy, but Russia, an ally of ours, told us to continue fighting for complete independence with their help, which originally went great but then they fucked us over and after even more years of fighting they offered us the same autonomy we could have gotten before
Because Europe is the their fastest way to reach their infidels.
Afaik Serbia won some medals in the Mathemathics Olympiad....so guess some of us know math :(
Only political orientations here are selfishness and greed
Wow, I though Czechia, Poland and Slovakia would be around 1200 euros
In World War 2, depends on who we're looking at as the legitimate predecessor of Serbia
First half of 18th century would be an interesting thing to see
[*Kosovo: a short history*] Macmillan
It seems to me that it is pretty commen and normal to buy ammo from the black market (keep in mind I'm from Germany).
Basically they did it by "copying" the greek alphabet.
What's up with Serbia
No, it’s hard to learn, we have  cases, weird accentuation rules etc
Yes, but if Ukraine attacks them it will be the perfect excuse for Russia to invade them from East, which means no more Ukraine.
Sure they praise Putin for having balls to stand his ground against the US, but Russia itself isn't really something that Serbia strives for.
I even ate poppy noodles in kindergarten
I don't think people really relate poppy to opium here
100% safe
But the mere fact that they arrested those Serbs who plotted against Montenegro PM tells me something.
Serbs living in the map which shows Serbia at the time continued their statehood traditions with Kotromanić dinasty.
Demographics shouldn't change territorial borders so easily, that would set a precedent that would likely end up badly.
Greek, Venetian, French, Serbian, British and Maltese history are all visible, often within the same street....
Now you are saynig only the government is obsessed.
Croatia Urges Serbia to Return Religious Artefacts
niqab is becoming more and more popular.
Thanks
The unique feature of my language, that no other *European* language has, is that we have 2 official writing systems
In Serbia when we learned about him we didn't necessarily say he was good nor bad
I only realised on reddit that you don’t have pita sa mesom
Whether he was a Serb or a Croat doesn't matter.
I only now realized this sub has 1.1mil subs.
"Ze je za zemljotres što sve ruši"
i was the first one to notice it in the first thread, yet everyone ignored me >.>
Because the economy is failing, he only can offer nationalistic and religious pride, by killing Kurds and Armenians, bullying Greece and Cyprus and playing tough with France
Just curious, my wife is Serbian and i sound like a three year old when I speak it.
Yeah I get you
I was simply mocking the OPs comment on the original post.
There is little to nothing that connects the Japanese with the Lebanese or the people of Brunei with those of Kyrgyzstan.
There is this dead meme in the Serbian community that Bulgarians are backstabbers because of that war
Wait till you see Serbia
Exactly, but people usually think it's the most Christian thing ever
Still an important battle nonetheless
I know the guy, and I will get my revenge sooner or later
I am pretty sure it will remain so after Brexit as well.
6 of us have beards
Besides ours, I know the words of Croatian and Montenegrin anthems and the melody of French, Italian, German, Russian and Polish anthems
For example, that moron Merkel condemned Vucic (our PM soon to be president) which indirectly said she is fine with Vucic being dictator because he promised her God knows what
They didn't make any progress
I always recommend AlmazanKitchen on YT to get a feel of the nature we have here
Cleetus, Skeeter, Duck
They tried to make it part of Serbia and they failed.
Serbian draws mainly from the Ekavijan variant while Croatian from the Ijekavian.
Well, being pro-church was rebelious back then in the 80s-90s. Gen X was provoking their boomer parents
Frazee, Charles (2006)
They tend to think that the President has the most power, where it's actually the parliament or the national assembly that has the supreme legislative power hence choosing the right local representative is important.
Leaves a disgusting bitter aftertaste that makes me want to wash my mouth.
Interesting, thanks for the clear up
Serbian Railways just rolled out a specially designed train for the line Belgrade - Kosovska Mitrovica
Anyway, it doesn't have to be called Serbian or Croatian, or even Serbo-Croatian, it can be called Yugoslavian or Balkanic or something.
Oh no, no no no no no
Of course there's differences in vocabulary and nuances in grammar, but if British English and American English, Quebecois French and French French, Austrian German and German German who have the same amount of differences (if not more sometimes) can agree they speak the same languages, so should we.
" when someone is trying to be pretentious or something they are not
And if not Russia, it smells of Serbia, because they simply copied a Russian technique.
His heritage may have been Serbian but his nationality is Croatian, this isn't an opinion this is just a fact.
You mean, way back in Middle Ages as vassals, or do you mean mercenaries or as janissaries?
I'd like to make Serbia won the Battle of Marica, and it's not only for the sake of Serbia, but for central and Eastern Europe as well
For even more protection, the bride should carry a small mirror to frighten demons with their own reflection
How popular/loved is Malenczuk in Poland really
Albania - Well obviously we have a lot of disputes with albanians (mostly Kosovo ones), but as a country I don't think they intend to fight us, neither do we (unless some crazy sh*t happens on Kosovo)
They didn't genocide our people.
Apple Shooting:
I don't know if those would be Ukrainian loanwords to Russian
Counterpoint: Belgrade is in no way boring
They just keep destabilizing the region and provoking conflict.
Looks like a southern European to me
Lots of good ones [here] but this is my favorite
I'm all for union, but without those who wish to harm us and conquer us.
It was so long ago, I cant even remember all the stuff.
[Spaček] at least that was always my understanding of it.
Yet, somehow, occasionally I don't feel *"Hungarian-enough"* as someone actually born and raised back in Hungary
In Germany they have a universal notion of "Hochdeutsch" not without an implication of "correct" pronounciation and not restricted to news.
Greeks have good relations with every Eastern Christian country (except FYROM,for obvious reasons) with one of the best being with Serbia.
My personal favorite is "vukojebina" (a place where wolves fuck)
But, when national team plays, especially outside of Belgrade, people are even standing in order to watch.
Why do you even need to invoke this pretense?
Luda po tebe
I mean, for me it's not a problem to eat that kebab, but for them it would be cannibalism.
It reads a bit stuttery, but it's completely correct
I think our current president is not religious but he pays a lip service to the church when it's beneficial to him
I don't mind anyone speaking different dialect, but unfortunately I have witnessed a few times, in public transport, people telling Ijekavian speakers to go back where they came from
Same here
WW2 time, occupied in 2 weeks, but nope, for we are used to rebelling at this point, so we fight germans, and civil war at the same time
We try our best to show you our country and culture in the best possible light
SIKE I feel like god explaining Serbian to random Americans on discord
I found and am considering purchasing some pretty cheap flights to Nis in Serbia (and out of Tirana, Albania) to travel for a couple weeks in the Balkans (early April).
But you aren't a neo nazi if you are a nationalist...
There definitely would be an escalation between us and AH
EVERYONE in Serbia we encountered was fantastic.
In Serbia at least, nobody would want to pay a worker to commute 200 km (in private sector).
The most wide spread rakija here is šljivovica, plum brandy
The new block literally less than 50 meters away, and boom you can see what everyone does in their balconies without even trying to look up
haha this is almost offensively inane
They are built to house the summer population which is 2-6 times higher so during the winter they look like ghost towns.
because "not want to be part of Serbia, Ukraine respectively" in one case means "being independent" (Kosovo) and "be part of other state" (Crimea).
It's true, but it's very important for every kid to learn about healthy diet and healthy lifestyle from early age.
It is politically separate due to drama, but until 2006 or so they were considered to speak Serbian.
A lot of money was offered to vote for sepparation, which is not a conspiracy theory
There's only a handful of people in Serbia who still want Kosovo back and Kosovo Serbs are pretty much settled in the new way of life.
Thanks for claryfing
>and actually committed genocide
Oh play me a sad song on your accordion...
In our country religion is still a big part of our lives
Do all (or most) Russian nationalists have a unified view of the USSR
a breath of fresh air so to say.
Victoria 2: Usually some great power or European secondary power, mostly France or Germany
I guess it's just that when someone moves from the east coast to the west coast or in any direction it's not as obvious as when e.g.
Never did i have a video load up faster
Now im interested, how is he popular in India?
Explain, please
Funny how most of my family's friends ethnic Serbs in several towns never ran away to Serbia because they knew who attacked "us" and "them" in the 90s.
Also, by accepting an independence movement in Kosovo, it will spread to other independence movements which Serbia might or might not have, as in "Why could they have independence and we can't?".
that accent sounds so good oh my god
Also Stephen the tall and Djuradj Brankovic they were pretty important to 15th century Balance history
Lol, true :)
10 dinar: a gum or two
Like Mlecenzy bar,but Russian food
Lol
I see a lot of shit slinging going Serbian way
I was [surprised in this thread] that even many young Serbians are against EU integration, I thought it would be different for the younger generations.
When Greek, Serbian "ortodox brother", says that it must hear Serbian hart.
I don't think committing suicide is a very good option for you, or anyone for that matter.
Problem je da SAD i ostale zapadne zemle se prave ko da vi nista niste radili
One guy served 3 and half years in house arrest
As long as they fought for Hungary they can be national heroes.
*Mačkica*, diminutive of "cat" and *ribica*, diminutive of "fish".
>That being said Serbians and Croatians are definitely the best in my experience at knowing both alphabets
Thanks
The number of judges there varies and currently there are 45 high cassational judges and the president of it
It's a cultural thing
Later that day, all the neighboring homes come together at the local church and we put all the oaks into the flames
Hope this finds ya interesting
We have somewhat bad experiences with Austrians wanting to "unite" with us.
Glad to see you defend them even when they treat you like a second-class member.
But that's not what OP is talking about
Wow, I've heard the joke about the selfie-stick being "motka za svojka" :D
They wanted Independence because their rights were not being respected and they were being abused by the Serbian state not "just because" they were a different nationality.
Korinđanje - in Serbia or atleast in the Banat region, this used to be like our own halloween
We have culture of herbal teas so we use tens of different herbs for tea, but those two are most usual
General Protić during the war, and after him, was the chief proponent of the policy of the eviction of Muslims, including Albanians, from Serbia
Dude, what the hell do you know about Eastern Serbia?
Spain, Greece, Slovakia, Romania, Cyprus do not recognise Kosovo.
Well Lordi was a heavy metal band and they won the eurovision back then...
Except many Serbians would be very happy with this Yugoslavia thing
There was also Arab nationalism in the Ottoman Empire at the time.
That park contains a statue of the Russian tsar Nikolai Romanov II, the last emperor of Russia.
I shower 2 times weekly
the real question is, who does not?
The so called Independent State of Croatia was a Quisling regime under which a lot of our territory was given to Italy.
Once we went to an ATM and we didn't understood a single word there because everything was written in Romanian and there was no option to choose another language
>I think many people also don't know how cruel the war actually was
Oh boy his is thread is gonna be 🔥🔥🔥
That's a really good one, it has a shit ton of (pretty good) covers in other languages too, although, admittedly, none are as good as the original
if a girl tells you she doesn't wanna be with you, but *maybe* in the future, do you stop seeing other girls, or?
Italian was also suprisingly easy
I still remember being confused about where the Flintstones cartoon was
Aw, i wanted to brag about the music fountain we'll have soon.
Does anyone know about laws regarding this or the most economical way to do this?
Alternatively I find : "Ti si vrh pička" to work very well
Pretty recognizable
How to transfer money from Belgium to Serbia with keeping minimal costs of transferring?
They got Swedens religion wrong.
Apparently, they visited Grdelica for the commemoration, where a train was bombed when it was crossing a bridge.
I honestly think this is a very good stance for Serbia.
roads in montenegro aren't that bad, it's just the northern part's terrain is very rough
Curent presidential runers are all bragging about Putin's support for them.
Never heard of it before and I'm surprised since it looks like a very pretty city, other than that I've noticed I don't know many other spanish cities either, gotta work on that
[Moravian Serbia] the strongest of the petty states that emerged from the Serbian Empire
It got under 100 recently
1) I honestly don't know, sorry
Serbians don't live in Bosnia, Serbs do.
And also Serbia as a country might have been connected, but it's not a thing our country did, but one man and his organization
Interesting
The script literally doesn't make a big difference.
Isn't the people will more important than territorial integrity?
Lots of good ones [here] but this is my favorite
Just to clarify, the Republic of Serbia has set up refugee Centers, but refugees refuse to go in them ' Because it's much harder to leave for EU if you go into a centre', Serbia has provided much more than it's modest capabilities for these refugees that aren't their problem in the first place, yet everyone speaks like we are treating them like dogs.
Pozdrav
I really don't see how do you think they're comparable
Brides are absolutely not allowed to see other brides on their wedding day
For example the battle of Nándorfehérvár is pretty important in Hungarian history, even though now the place is called Belgrade, Serbia.
Well it is really hard to pinpoint one event since for the last 2k years something is always going on in my region (Balkan) and city (Belgrade, Serbia)
After the war, when Kosovo did not end up part of the Habsburg empire, harsh reprisals followed
And Russia didn't actively invade any of them (except Ossetia, and with a reason).
It is a comedy btw
Yup, no wonder there were a couple of protests unfortunately
hit the lawyer, facebook up, delete the gym
Hahah, it might look complicated, but it's not that hard to pronounce.
What the fuck
Actually as bizzare as it may seem, during Ottoman rule Kosovo and Albanians generally had way more power and life was better compared what happened to Kosovo after 1912 until basically 1999 with some brief good spell in Tito's Yugoslavia (after Rankovic).
We're definitely not, in fact we're very good friends
It’s believed that the bride that is seen will get married, but will also die
Varoš is also in Serbian, but kinda archaic and I don't hear it's used
Considering what kind of journalists serbia has some of them probably do deserve to be imprisoned for the lies they publish
If there is I've never met anyone with it, glad to be wrong if true though
The first is misdirected, though possibly unavoidable
Kosovo isnt a separate country
Look at the camera and shut up.
We had a great thing together and we didn't know how to appreciate it until it was gone
~~Envy = zavistan  it means addicted (like in seanse addicted about what people think that you dont have same things like other persone)~~
Oldest has to be Greece though, we were on good terms with them since ever
Have you noticed recent attacks of you program in some western media?
Now that one I, albeit sadly, get.
Most of the world are sad they weren't lucky enough to be born there
soo, nothing interesting really
You forgot the reason for it
Dear god now there is a 3rd
3: Nis - Bulgarian border
The story is that she got married in Luxembourg during official visit
[Capricciosa] (minus the artichoke, I guess) is *by far* the most popular topping/style in Serbia.
The fortress still stays even after it survived a big explosion in WW2.
Џон мејд хиз веј ту а теврн тру д дарк форест, онли ту фајнд аут дат хе форгот д мани.
I think that is just a human way
Once for a brief time
You will create them imperialist.
Girls move out when they get married, and guys stay with their parents and bring their wife home
Just like people in Crimea, m8
because pretty much everyone here drinks, so they're looking at their ass first
I go to Vukovar every year and it's really a ghost city.
For the record my comment was sarcasm.
He did, and he even sounded quite good
I personally think that the wisest thing to do would be to get all Serbs out of there and give Albania a offer, they take Kosovo, and we take a part of their territory that gives us access to the sea
Nice to know
Loved it
Build hydralisk
You mean to say the Serbian government has a comprehensive grasp of internet forums?
If you can't prove you are different, then you aren't.
It is the 4th consecutive day of endless drizzle...
Go to school at 7:30am
Unfortunately this took place in Serbia during the anti-government demonstrations last summer (you can see the most famous incident [over here] This came as a schock to our society, because we haven't seen that kind of police brutality since demonstrations against Milošević in the '90s.
Fuck, such a shitty thing to do...
I don’t really care about them, but it is how i said
Once all this covid crap is over, I hope to visit Bretagne, it seems like such a lovely region
i think it was an invasion with an agenda hidden behind the veil of *L I B E R A T I O N*
Thus they became hairy-soled people
I know the backstory (being a historian myself) and I completely agree that it was a horrific event and certainly a crime against humanity, but it wasn't a genocide because their main intent was not ethnic cleansing or ethnic extermination.
Female: 32
Why
Ah yes, Hungary, the Magyar outliers
However if you also smoke and are out of cigarettes, you can ask anyone on the street, and if they also smoke, they'll give it to you, sometimes even 2 or 3 so that you have for later
lol there is class in every capitalistic country, but i don't need to convince you.
If a cop pulls you over it may also take a lot of time to do all the work and write you a ticket
[Mice \(Nine men's morris\)
Basically only if you live near a border since there's small check points for locals
Switzerland
When I was a kid I read somewhere that there was a hairspray (from the US) that wouldn't sell in Germany because it was called hair mist or something and it's supposed to mean manure in German
But Russian, Bulgarian and Ukrainian when they talk a little slower
7% unliterate
The impression I have is that it is only a source of problems now.
Here in Serbia most of the smokers start at high school (14-18yo) which is really bad and it's usually because of the effect of the friends
Drinking from the flask:
Well
The truth is that there are no good solutions for all the mess in Serbia, Kosovo and Bosnia.
They are perfectly in line with the European social democratic tradition
Well, to be fair, the Kosovo Liberation Army has been considered a terrorist organization outside Serbia as well:
Is it uncomfortable seeing Serbia shined in a similar light?
How do French Election vote transfers work?
I wouldn't find it offensive I'd think they're just trying to make me understand
Sava's Church in Belgrade
Had some great pizza in Florence and San Marino (even if it's not Italy)
Serbia the maker of Imperium of Man with its God Emperor Djokovic at helm, blessed be his holiness!
Rather than advocating Marxian socialism, they will advocate "taming capitalism", "introducing a mixed economy instead", "a society based on cooperation, social justice, altruism" and so on
This means that words that had Old Slavic sound [yat] (ѣ, ě), are pronounced different (vreme - vrijeme, mleko - mlijeko, lep - lijep)
Also, Serbia as a member of EU can block talks with its non-EU neigbours in the future.
Most people I know have platonic friendships of the opposite sex, and no one really questions it
maybe you stinky Belgrade people eat boiled potatoes!
Also russian is prettier than polish
Someone can "roar", "throw away the spoon" or "go to marble village". But my favourite is "hit the ground with your d***"
Serbia is also makig many investments into the republic and also strengtening tise with the federation.
most of them are people with no willingness to get educated, work, use contraception, they rather beg, steal or cheat to earn money.
Trust me Eastern Europe is a huge mess
It doesn't mean we have beef with them, but it certainly doesn't improve our relations
I'm pretty sure every Slavic country with the name Aleksandar(or any of the variations) shortens it to Saša.
Does your husband have a brother who is also married
Just did, had it sorted by Top so it was somewhere way below
Really wow I did not know that
Once, my dad and I were in Greece, decided to do a road trip through Albania, visited a lot of places and went to my grandma's place in Montenegro all in one day
And the other half sergio tacchini.
"I repeat, these people are absolutely staying in the station of their own accord.
However, problem was there were still some areas which were influenced my multiple nationalities, such as Macedonia (which was a mish mush of Greek, Bulgarian and Serbian customs)
Saying "hand" when I really mean "arm". We have a word for both in Serbian, but we usually use "ruka" for the whole thing
Oddly enough, Serbia has more military personnel than Austria, and Austria has a larger population than Serbia.
We werent genocidal but we did go out of our way to capture Serbian and Greek Jews for Nazi Germany.
And here is just funny laters  Д д (D),  Л л (L),  Ф ф (F),  П п (P),  Ц ц (C), Г г  (G)
We have similar languages and similar history with communism.
There is Wallachian language spoken by people in Eastern Serbia and it's similar to Romanian
We would have Albanians in our capital but at least Kosovo would truly be Serbia
Russia getting away with eating Crimea is an uncomfortable precedent.
God damn it, not this shit again.
Ex post "scientific" theories about inevitability of WWI.
*Israeli-style apartheid state.
ehh, most of the math taught in school isn't meant for reusing, it's being taught to improve students logical reasoning in various ways.
Mississippi
Second really, in first we forgave ethnic cleansing
We know we came later but Vojvodina was barely inhabited and it was a frontier region so we kinda built everything here anyways
Then it spreaded through the slavic-orthodox countries, like Serbia or Russia.
There are abbreviations, *g.*, *gđa* and *gđica* but almost nobody uses those.
Can a Croat peasant who live close to Slovenia understand (or kinda understand) a Serbian peasant from Timok valley (or Kosovo) if they meet in a...
Serbia is a whole different story.
It was about the soviet communist party
Male: 35
Џон мејд хиз веј ту а теврн тру д дарк форест, онли ту фајнд аут дат хе форгот д мани.
Croatian and Serbian separate languages confirmed.
Kosovo is not a separate fucking country
it's a group of fruit brandies
Dzon mejd his vej tu a tavern tru de dark forest, onli to fajnd aut det hi forgot de mani
And that 1918 narrative is a big shame to everyone who actually believes in that bunch of horseshit
On PC i use QWERTY too with small enter key no added keys on the side too
Although I have two friends who are religious and LGBT
But literally we have a name for every single member of family
Cold <2°C
Compare how more xenophobic the average person from the Baltics is compared to a Turk and you get your answer
His thing was that he wanted to cut ties with and turn against the criminals, some of which most likely got him the position he was in, which got him killed.
Our feelings for Croatia are, lets say mixed
When were we friends
what about this one
Same with fruštuk, we know it means breakfast, but no one really uses it
No biggie, i often think some singers are serbian, when they're actually not.
Meh, nevertheless, they can pick whoever they want to be, and I'll have every right to laugh about it if I find it to be fitting.
Granted, I couldn't tell you what's the difference between the two, but there you go.
> Dugovics Titusz
It's just that I saw a lot of people out right saying that the Croatian language is super different from Serbian, which is simply not the case.
The northernmost city in Serbia, it has (or used to at least) a majority ethnic Hungarian population
it's not really a myth that anyone believes it's more of a stereotype used only in jokes
>"give me 100000 croats and I'll conquer the world"
Yeah
Got em
When it comes to male names, I really like Welsh ones, the spelling and everything - Rhys, Aled, Owain, Gwylim
They lay claim to the same lands.
We were talking about what have you heard before.
Kosovo's government indifference towards it is not a good sign of a somebody that is willing to "protect" it.
She went for her wallet to pay for it
What a tolerant, multicultural country it was.
Nobody should have to go through this
Hm, never knew that
So, opt for diamonds, rubies, sapphires; just no pearls
Greece,Romania and maybe Russia
Where are your shitty facades, roadsides infested with weeds, roads infested with semi-patched holes, a single stray dog that somehow strayed from its pack of stray dogs
Here's the one of him justifying Albania retribution and mass expulsion and terror of Serbs from Kosovo post 1999
If by chance we'd join the Union and benefits from that would start to show, I think people would be more appreciative of the EU and less Russian oriented but I still believe Serbs will always support Russians as a people
We know exactly what "deda" what "pradeda" what "čukundeda" etc
It’s not expensive, but it’s hard to get there a bit, and then u see literally nothing
It's really similar to Croatian, and I'm good with that language
In wealthy countries, it works well
Girls move out when they get married, and guys stay with their parents and bring their wife home
Sometimes I wish you could resurrect Franz Joseph.
The roads that were built through the city weren't built for so many cars , so the existing public transportation system isn't effective enough
A ove godine su predsednicki izbori i uspeo je da se kandiduje.
I see you in every thread about Serbia.
Forming of an empire
Most ironic thing is that easiest way to end up as a political prisoner in Yugoslavia, at least until mid '50s, was to be Stallinist or Soviet leaning in general
I saw on the internet and with my own eyes that some people never take off their shoes inside
With the number of EU citizens currently working in the UK, I'm guessing this is gonna be interesting to watch.
Native English speakers will have a harder time learning another language than someone else learning English
Likewise Serbia seems to have abandoned any hope of joining as it furthers away from EU standards
If you mean Kosovo's independence, 1
Yeah, Swiss army is accidentally invading Liechtenstein from time to time.
There'll be war in Balkans if EU collapses, Juncker warns
I mostly knew what it was about because it mentioned houses York and Lancaster and Henry Tudor
I think grammar is a bit complicated for foreigners because there are 7 cases you need to learn, and every things has its "gender" so to say which you have to really master if you want to be indistinguishable from native speakers
Kosovo and Serbia at one table?
You had no option to stay as you were seen as traitor
It literally is you fucking idiot
If there are others with no clue, here's [Wikipage on the election] and [the candidate]
One verb from any language can be translated in at least 2 different ways
Shouldn't you argue that we should make a special tobacco shop, then
Me personallly I find the second point pretty stupid, but nevermind that wasn’t topic
Things like: Sprav mi deti
Poor Serbia, they were always the good guys!!!
I stand there thinking "why can't I play more, it's not even late, they're still open, other guys are playing too, is it something I said, did I offend her
Curent presidential runers are all bragging about Putin's support for them.
I started reading this expecting it would refer to a teenage birthday party, then I got to the authority complains part and I wasn't sure anymore
Literally more than half of them are criminals.
It has only happened to me when I stayed in Greece
Лаврентије in Serbian, maybe similar to Macedonian?
One guy served 3 and half years in house arrest
The actual articles are catching up as well.
Then whatever latino shit song is popular.
Љ љ | LJ lJ |Not similar to anything (Say L (like in word Let) followed fast by  J ( and thats pronaunced like Y in You)
I really do not understand what and who is behind this constant warmongering from serbian side but i bet Dodik is not visiting Moscow few tims a year for nothing
Srećna Nova godina i Božić onim koji slave :)
You just got Serbed
Depends if he is a Serb it doesn’t matter where is he from
"(...)   he suffered from various delusions, such as believing that he was [made of glass] or denying that he had a wife and children
No you are bc yer skin and bones
Also yes
NO WAAAAY
All of our technicians wear beards
) Dzieki in advance
Never saw one
Arguably also Danilo, Nikola and Petar again
I clarified in another comment about what I mean by bilingual
I meant all of those countries, not just Poland.
Italy has good food too, but too much dough in my opinion.
....so Croatians
In my opinion, salary is not that significant factor because knowing the market here & if we calculate only **entry level** engineering positions (IT excluded), that small difference wouldn't considerably (non)contribute to savings
I don't remember, maybe it was l mentioned in a side page or paragraph
Yes, of course
I mean you do realize that your country is a dictatorship right?
Bungled Intervention In Kosovo Risks Unraveling: A New Deal Needed For Peace
It's not just the women, it's a common trend within modern culture.
If Kosovo wants to join Albania, let them join.
Oh hey, an acquaintance lived in [Béla Bartók] street near me...
Did thay bomb muslims or serbs
Literally don't see any downside to Serbia joining, it's a small country, and a regional stabilizer, only good things can happen.
Staff vas really friendly too
Yeah yeah i love it here in Serbia high wages normal people, cheap prices
People speak from experience and almost anyone who has meet gypsies either has themselves had a bad experience or knows someone who has
Oh, pardon
Montenegro since we are nearly the same people but the politicians (cough cough Đukanović) try to divide us
When it comes to Slovak, last Summer I was on a cruise and there were two Slovak tourists with their guide telling them about the sights
I don't know if it's because such crimes go unreported, or because our police and military have a "didn't see anything" policy when it comes to dealing a few hits with their police batons.
Serbia's flag was flown in 1918 because of WW1, and France's in 1920
Scandinavian countries have the best education in the world and also some of the best and fairest democracies.
I live in Vojvodina, north Serbia which is not part of the Balkan peninsula but it never offends me when people say we are
Thankfully, proximity of Balkans towards Italy has allowed our soccer players to adopt more stylish western look, like in this picture:
Serbia is the one who keeps trying to spark war by issuing warrants on political leaders of Kosova.
Not beeing poor from Switzerland or Norway
From 1944 to 1990's, German destiny was in American and Soviet hands, and the outcome was not influenced one bit by German people
Serbian in Kosovo are in regions near to Serbia
I heard this story too
This new position would not be bad at all, EU while still being able to go shopping in Serbia.
Montenegro probably in 2019 or 2020, Serbia 2025, Albania and Macedonia probably 2030-2035.
Otkrio si mi da ceo zivot zapravo ne pricam stokavskim, nego nekim svojim dijalektom.
You are aware that all the main decisions in the EU are made by the Council, which is nothing more than all the member states' leaders together.
I thought most US citizens would hear about Serbia at least from learning history at school (WW1) or through sports (basketball, tennis).
So basically Serbia wants to annex a part of land which they still consider 'theirs'?
Except many Serbians would be very happy with this Yugoslavia thing
The battle of Maritza (1371) and Yugoslav wars (1991-1999)
This is very hard to answer for a Serbian, as Serbia's borders and the Serbian cultural area changed all the time
They bought another one so that factory of happyness could work uninterupted
I think we have discovered the best way of running things, legalised crime is the way to go
I'm not against it per say, but I I don't see it happening.
Don’t live in EU couny but im totally on EU side,this is disrespectful from usa
We have few of thouse č = ch
Fuck that Yugoslavia
They are saying that, yes, but the reality of things is that the very people who were involved in writing the Maastricht treaty, as well as local ambassadors have made it clear that it's a stalling tactic playing for time because they can't solve the state actor problem.
Looking at the map, it's very obvious being between Middle East (which was very powerful and influential region) and Western Europe would cause a bloodbath in the region
Понос (RU: Diarrhea, SR: Pride)
I don't know about states of mind, emotions and such, but here are some time reference words in Serbo-Croatian:
I bin net nur da beste im Zöltfestsaufn, soudern i hob a an Zugriff auf des gaunze Arsenal vom Musiverein Leibnitz!
Here you can see people who notice a church, or a part of a church, or a pixel, and they cross themselves
Here's the one of him justifying Albania retribution and mass expulsion and terror of Serbs from Kosovo post 1999
Hopefully we will manage to take Vucic off
Everyone will assume you play for the NBA, which is only natural if you're black and from the US.
Is it of higher quality than current Serbian land?
For Moldova Igor Dodon is a Kremlin backed candidate.
That would be pretty reasonable I guess but a very easy solution by Balkan standards
Then why do we need a "fact checking site" if we can check them ourselves?
Very popular
Two options, he doesn't know what /s means, or he doesn't know that Serbs and Russians fought the fascists in WW2 rather well.
When it's well made (especially in a traditional clay made pot) with paprika and Bay leaves its pure art
The three of us, and maybe Macedonia, Montenegro and Slovenia can join too.
Also, ~1
Hey that really depends, in some schools most kids choose RE
Well, almost every day
And I checked that twitter page
I'd say it's rather rare seeing it if it's not an official building
LiveLeak.com - Thousands refugees reach border between Serbia and Croatia
I'm not sure why but all annoying kids are named Siniša.
I could have a nice rant too, but it might cause a character limit to be introduced in the rules, so I won't.
It's not considered bad either though
Imagine defending the US on these blatant war crimes and escalations
His father was an orthodox priest for God's sake....
A peaceful outcome like it happened with Yugoslavia/Serbia and Macedonia-Fyrom is in everyones interests.
I don't know where did you hear that but that's completely not true.
There is a soup like variation of beans in all ex-Yugoslavian countries but prebranac is much thicker
I commend your use of /s because I hate people who use it but I feel it was very much required here
I've never even tried tobacco
Looks like a southern European to me
To be fair, as an inhabitant of the Netherlands he would benefit from better funded social services.
Attacking Bulgaria in 1880s, our King did it to stop their unification, the morale was so shit he had to lie to his own men
the only part that was recently acquired was vojvodina, due to trianon.
I fucking love bread
90s, expulsion of the Albanians, Turks and other Muslims in 19th and 20th centuries, expulsion of Germans after WW2
And,worst of all, you think the truth is propaganda and there is no way to make you see the actual thruth
I am a Serb and I support this message
Basically it's nonsense
Youre not gonna research a country you're not interested in, are you
Equilizing gay flag with state flag is disqusting !!!
I love Greece overall, there is no part I didn't like, and a was there like 10 times
Three times, left-right-left or right-left-right.
Hell at least the Crimeans held a referendum (granted it was most likely organized for pure formalities but it's better than nothing, which was the exact case with Kosovo).
But how's the Turkey called in Peru then?
I'm quite sure you learned in school how the evil Albanians stole your land, but the majority of historians simply do not agree with this.
And so for the last ten years, I have been convinced that the destruction of the Soviet myth was essential if we wanted a revival of the socialist movement
Yet still our government has strong support from EU leadership and top officials
My (Serbian) wife knows almost nothing whatsoever about Christianity but she is Orthodox and considers herself Orthodox, while simultaneously not believing in God.
Sure its kainda wird but its interesting
All I gotta say is bruh
US strategy for Kosovo will not change - US Defense Secretary, James Mattis, said that the Kosovo Security Forces need to turn into an army, and that the recognition of Kosovo by Serbia will be addressed before EU accession.
On the other hand, turbo-folk lives on in Slavonia, though, and that's the wild card
I personally dont like neither Serbia nor Russia
How can you ahow 1900's data with 2020 regional borders
Happy birthday Romania
Not that i endorse that pussy mouth anywhere
In Belgrade you'll find "raft clubs" filled with gold diggers with fake tits who look for "sponsors", aka rich businessmen and gangsters.
> I don't think people really relate poppy to opium here
Yes, they favored Bulgaria a bit more (because Bulgaria asked Russia to intercede, because of ethnic Bulgarians in Macedonia and so on) but Russia really did not want to be an arbiter in the whole clusterfuck.
I thought Trump's presidency would be entertaining, at least somewhat, but that asshat is really fucking the world up big time.
I've never really realized how flat majority of Europe is
They want to create another "October 5th",to "liberate" Belarus, and "bring down the dictator", but this is 2020 and Russia on the other hand is a mighty giant now, compared to how it was in 1990's. The world isn't uni-polar anymore
That doesn't mean it wasn't unfair, uncalled for and doesn't leave room for a sort of relativist "it was a back and forth thing" argument that the original commenter tried to make
It's not uncommon to see people fasten for 40 days before Christmas, or every Wednesday and Friday
[Lukashenko learned from the best.]
basically, we make fun of each other whenever we have a chance
My main problem is with the stereotypes is that it isn't even funny
Now, real talk, how do they teach the history of Ancient Macedon in your schools?
Yokohama (not sure how I know this one either)
It's corporate identity at it's peak, used with the know historical German rigorous design.
Don't "your"me pleas, I have no real feeling of belonging, I'd identify as an American or an European.
I don't know man, I'm using ublock origin + disconnect addons.
Unfulfilled expectations can lead to pesimism and anger and Serbia can turn to the new strongly eurosceptic country inside the EU (something EU doesn't need at the moment).
Well i would put him together with Izetbegovic and Tudjman as most responsible.
So not much is going to change.
Here's the general consensus, most would like to join the EU AND keep good relations with Russia
That ultimatum was anything but fair dude.
Yes, a lot of us still hate your guts
I always though Mackenzie's is after that [UN general] who stood for Serbian cause in the Bosnia, don't know why.
Indeed, that's the biggest problem
During the wedding ceremony, as the couple says their vows, the bride has the option to step on the groom’s foot if she pleases
Russian ally Serbia was bombed.
They want to create another "October 5th",to "liberate" Belarus, and "bring down the dictator", but this is 2020 and Russia on the other hand is a mighty giant now, compared to how it was in 1990's. The world isn't uni-polar anymore
Wait, you don't learn printed-like in school
Go fucking figure
A pretty good strawman my friend.
So please stop pretending they care about each other - each country should mind it's own business.
I meant more of their population than their political representation.
We have child protection services
Is that not nationalism along the lines of "Greater Serbia?" The man had the Orthodox church parade bones of martyrs from 1389 all along Serbia to spur nationalist sentiment.
Or the Croatian minority in Bosnia?
Its also one of the best things about our cultures, the food is amazing at least.
Montenegro is now finding itself in this state where it's independent, but it's culture is still very closely connected with Serbian (I'm really not trying to push the Serbia storyline, for all I care it could've been Romanian culture), so now you have all these attempts at Montenegrin mentality (which is really not that different from Serbian), Montenegrin language (which, linguistically, is a joke), etc.
I think that Croatian and Serbian have more differences than British and American English.
1 RSD - you can't really buy anything
but I don't either think everything the US does is bad either.
Commieblocks have their own drawbacks
Maybe in the 90's, people who followed the news closely knew about it.
No, I don't think I do
I'd say Montenegro is fairly Central African, maybe a little bit of Western African because you're tall
Serbia won't join for at least another 7 years (realistically).
I meant that he was a Serbian king and thus part of Serbian history.
Who had also no problem driving out 300 000 Serbs from Croatia.
Honestly in Serbian it would be impossible to have spelling bee, because every word is written exactly how it is spoken
Because of the Virus
I would rather stay poor rather than sell my country's unique identity for EU money.
[Read through the list] - you're not so clean yourselves, are you?
I don't know, the way it's generally used, greatness is not judged by the well-being of your subject peoples.
People here love to help each other
Depends if he is a Serb it doesn’t matter where is he from
Can you give alternative link
Anyway, I really would like it if there was a way to fit another language through my thick skull, I would love the change in perspective
You're ruining the cool little strip of land!
Learning something new every day from these comments
However Latin alphabet isn't 100% phonetic, because it has a few digraphs lj - љ, nj - њ, dž - џ.
We had a war 22 years ago, and another one 4 years before that
"Croatian bosniak in the states".
And they were sent by Byzantine King.
What's funny
that's not the biggest of japanese worries.
BTW it is Herzegovina not Herzegowina
Surely not all Serbs agree with it.
lol why would any Serb be killed in Kosovo, these are just political games by the Serbian politicians.
[Wiktionary begs to differ] Sounds remarkably similar to skot, the only difference is that Serbian does not have ɒ sound so we use o instead
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson this morning
Our history and our culture is there, our monasteries, they all come together into something important for Serbia.
Drago mi je
It would combine elements of Post soviet eastern European run-down industries and western Mediterranean coast cities, a somewhat unusual mix but I believe in the context of a game about crime it would make sense
TL:DR Uglavnom 80%-90% Nije nista konstanto i moze da zavisi od dosta toga (obicaja iz tog dela srbije, porodice, sveca, pa i samog domacina
32°C. Not good, not bad
We and Switzerland are the only countries which managed to do that so far
Probably socialist Yugoslavia, we had good living standards, and were respected by the rest of the world
Especially when banks now demand a 20% deposit (when houses are usually €300,000+ at the cheap end), AND you have to have earned that deposit by yourself in the last 2 years.
The idea of "you got a nation, you get a country " was finally put into practice.
But hell, it will happen
The song is about an icon of Queen Simonida, daughter of Byzantine Emperor Andronikos II Palaiologos and wife of King Stefan Uroš II Milutin
>reconquering
Hi, my name is John
That's not an issue because Serbia already recognizes the Kosovan government.
not surprising really - whenever i look over something in lithuanian i recognize a lot of nouns
And some Japanese cult tested a nuke in the outback
Serbia, really bad road quality, even on the motorway.
I 100% agree with all of this, especially the location and the privacy part
Lol
Do this and you will be fine
I was joking, I don't know nearly enough about the political situation in Serbia to make useful recommendations.
Leave it to borderline cult like fans of EU to compare Putin to Hitler
>*Knight there was, and that a worthy man,*
Well, there were some Greeks who rose as high as the grand vezir position.
Who cares, i and a lot of people don't like eu and i'm having a damn fine life so i don't need more money.
Nah we cant even join EU the trade agreement was only economical but youre right Serbia isnt as important to Russia.
O.o It's a Serb monastery, not an Albanian one.
We have many ways to say that
Economy was living on foreign aid and IMF loans, freedom was such that if you sing nationalist song or speak about ruling party you end up in jail.
I have to read more about the intentions of the Communist party to make a conclusion myself.
Serbia any many other countries have been doing it for decades, nay generations.
There are still families looking for fathers and sons burried in mass graves that the Serbian government knows about or could find out about but refuses to do so since it could implicate them in war crimes.
We all hate each other, but once we live in *insert western country* we become best buddies
They are part of the cultural heritage of all of us.
It can be frustrating, especially if you are coming from a societies which stone women and convict rape victims.
Sorry mate, you deserve better
Stalin, Hitler, you can talk all you want
Fuck the wind
That makes sense, thanks
Even if you're trekking/walking by yourself for some time, people will watch you strangely.
Just join us again so you won't be
However, if the glass stays intact, a girl will be birthed
They just unified at some point and then broke off
The situation of this region is still highly controversial.
Slovenes sort of have a higher pitch [on the letter ''i''] but I don't think I could overall distinguish their accent from Croatian or Serbian.
"Zetsko-južnosandžački" and "istočno-hercegovački" belong inside ijekavian, while "posavski", "young ikavian" and "Istarski ikavian" belong inside ikavian dialect
Football (soccer) is definitely the most popular here though (even if we constantly lose).
Russia may not like the fact of any country joining NATO, but it got nothing to do with Serbia.
But anyways thats what Serbia gets for starting the war.
I went to Serbia with my wife (girlfriend at the time) in 2005.
And it'll be a different adventure away from the main tourist zones!
Reminds me a lot of my dads vineyard in eastern Serbia which has a field of apple trees beside it
There are a *lot* of stray dogs over here, there are 3 dogs next to a local school
She was the mother of Leka Zogu I, Crown Prince of Albania (1939-2011)
And EU ascension is tied to Kosovo independence too, so we have to play with Russia and China
So will Serbia be the most Russophilic country in the EU?
[clock] on the Petrovaradin Fortress
It said nato would have 200k solders on teritories of serbia and montenegro
It wasn't a very reliable looking source.
Edit: how could I forgot
Take more measures to encourage people to have kids and the problem of depopulation will be solved.
How is Kosovo valuable exactly?
That if one takes into acuount that aid is rarely "money you don't have to give back" but loans are often  counted as aid and that even those loans have strings attached
Everyone else has a way out
Tracksuits here are mostly casual/sports wear, never really thought of it in terms of a status symbol (and I guess it makes sense as Yugoslavia was different than Soviet Russia), but you had certain groups in the 90s that took it as somewhat of a uniform and really went wild with it (I'm talking leather jackets with tracksuit combos, and of course massive gold chains).
2) No one is going to bother you, unless you own a fancy cafe/splav (night clubs and restaurants on the river) in Belgrade
until I visited Paris
do means to
So it's not a local election
Now Vučić has another ally in Europe beside Orban
Yeah, Mondelez International
Romania, Serbia, Bulgaria and Moldova.
Why is this a thing
yyou cannot expect the people of the modern world to tolerate shit like this forever.
I hope people of Serbia will see what a dick this guy is, and wont support any war...
I "shot" a shotgun when i was little while my hunter uncle held it and pointed it into a ditch.
We get a shitload of samples from our clients, which mostly translates into as much chocolate as you can eat/as many cigs as you can blast/as much anger as you can take
Is this like personal attack or something
You see, this is actually sixth  or seventh state, after your departure
I said Genocide not Massacre, but I'm already used to Serbian Alternative Facts.
But I can't get used to czech keyboard, whit numbers being á é ě í ó and so on
Your extermination rate is impressive.
I view it as stating my honest opinion.
Well, at least Kosovo was not always Serbian, it was once Illyrian :)
U i koja slucajnost da sam ti razumeo ceo post iako imamo samo "neke slicne reci" hahaha.
Hahahahahahahaha I knew chalga is inspired by our turbo folk but Sen Trope is a straight up copy
I had a habit of late night runs and it was nice and quiet with streets mostly empty
Meaning the given name, followed by parent's name (usually the father, but you can use mother's name too
8652] [doi] p. 60
>Remove some of Serbia from Yugoslavia, but like, not all of it
Yeap, can confirm sounds slavic
Dont ask
I think they count the campaign led by Wladyslaw III Jagello and John Hunyadi in the Balkan parts of the Ottoman Empire in 15th c.
Romania and Hungary are traditional rivals that share a border and long history so that makes sense somewhat.
Ah, so much like Republika Srpska in these photos?
Not really answering your question but kinda similar:
You're obvouisly just as bias as your opponent, and trying to define the other side as stupid, just proves how self deprecating you really are.
They were the aggressors, the Serbs and us were defending our country and defending the country involves killing people.
The pro-EU coalition is pro-Russian
Austria be like: Am I a joke to you
sad means now
He says he doesn't give a shit or talk about Serbia, yet he has 91 comments including "serb" in 7 months ;D
15-16 is perfect temperature for me
But these 3 are closest family we have
For instance we have:
Dude wtf even is a hydralisk
Class, little break, class, big break, class, little break, class, little break, class, little break, class, go home at around 1:10pm
However, if you help me out with some fat envelope, which I'm in need, I may be able to answer that question on Tuesday
Yeah, "mlečni restoran" (milk restaurant), same principle
Hiding beauty:
It's kinda the same in Serbia too, although the latest pride festivals had no incidents.
Of having constant war with Serbia
Go to the south so you don't have to learn cases
Generally almost never, we're not in the Schengen area so you gotta wait at the border if it's a busy day
Bulgarian
Seems like a nice plan but can you write it down as a list?
I don't see why you shouldn't welcome refugees.
You're propagating hate while saying you're not propagating it.
And it's 1 day after Serbia's dan državnosti (don't know how to translate it, maybe country day
For example in Romania, there was absolutely NOTHING written in English
Their stereotype/joke is that they are gay; they are the most left-wing and LGBT-friendly city in Serbia
I wouldn't call it a dictatorship yet, but it's becoming one
If this isn't making amends for past deeds then i don't know what is!!!
Croatia "unblocks" Serbia's EU accession talks
Let's not forget the shear number of obstacles which Kosovo still faces from Serbia, Russia, and several EU countries.
Idk why it reminds me of mint, and I LOVE mint flavored everything, so it's a great flag
It doesn't. Iirc there was some controversy about it last year, but they ended up not joining
The people are incredibly welcoming it has incredible scenery, and the prices are the lowest in the balkans.
Without googling, I could probably name two thirds of them, maybe more
* Roman is no where near serbian name
For me there's a world difference from Warsaw to Gdansk or Torun
World War
It's cold but still very fun
Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot
I step in parties with minks and fly links
And another one from, let's say Yugoslavia
/r/Serbia, we humbly request you not to kill any more Erzherzogs.
We are white/european, but that doesnt mean we colonized anyone or owned slaves or anything like it
His father was Gjon and his mother Voisava.
Hell no
People say Montenegro because they're a chapter or few ahead but A) they're using the Euro unilaterally which is actually a big problem B) the most important part is that they've been ruled by the same person for 20 years
Montenegro- although politicians try to divide us, in heart and soul we are the same
3 years and 11 months
6 of us have beards
Sandzak and Vojvodina have no official movement to separate from Serbia, Vojvodina being 80% Serb (lol) and if you ask anyone from Sandzak, nobody really wants independence, its just a way for leaders to gather cheap political points I mean their representative is the VP of the government, that hardly means a will to separate.
That's just my experience, especially as a kid I remember how boring and bland it was
it's called [digraphia] To me it is second nature
As it expanded a large number of Byzantine and Slavo-Byzantine nobles from the Balkans were incorporated into its leadership, among them even members of the imperial house of Palaiologos.
Nevertheless, he felt connected to Croatia.
Takođe
I eat them because my wife makes me.
Pls, we don't train them, they are born that way.
Not really, at least from my experience
-Some people believe Serbia is purposely causing us drought and bad weather with HAARP systems
Actually the headline is correct, Serbia and Montenegro formed in 2003.
Plus ya can do many stuff and work in many areas with this like social services, notary (the lad that that puts in the stamp to guarantee the validity of a document like yer will or legalise some shit)
I don't think the mayor concerns himself with every mural in the city, but anyway, it will probably be repainted in the next few weeks.
Define "nazis", because today everyone is being called a nazi by the left who even supports *some* conservative or nationalistic policies.
Was this terrorist attack by US worth the dead that will come out of it as a response
Where exactly are these ideas of restoring our empires are coming from
Sort of like the Arab Spring but it's 1st world countries
This goes for Belgrade too
Do you really think we're waging war
I wouod vote for the one  one that created four wars, three with our closest neighbors and one with f**ing NATO
Your title is pure s*it, a Serb school teacher decided that Serbian kids won't take the gifts.
I wish I could say the same about Zagreb.
Herceg Novi is my favorite
I hope the French will find a way to solve this in their adventage, and even though I was disappointed in France on many personal and political matters with my country, this time I fully support France in this fight
Our hospitality
I feel it's kid of similar, but hey my country is goung to shit
Honestly if I ever go to the Netherlands I'd mostly want to see Friesland and not just because I have friends there
Both really, could be argued that Slovenia is Balkan based on history and culture beside geographic position
I argued with some people about Operation Storm that caused 250'000 refugees and the ethics of it.
The Bulgarian, Greek and, as far as I've heard Turkish, are different, we usually have them sold in plastic cups of a sort.
Keeping this stat in mind, is Trump really that unfair when he asks that all NATO members should pay the agreed amount of money?
I mean sure, there are some words that are same, but ...
Well, he was not universally loved.
If you learn that, I think the rest of  the grammar is easy
I think our hospitality
What we're hearing here is that Macedonia's government can't be formed unless they concede to Albanian ultimatum to accuse Serbia of genocide.
Can you drive one of those in the cities without getting shit for it?
I remember my friend during our school trip btought a flag with him and thought it would be cool to take a pic with it in front of Hitlers home
Tamo Daleko
Rent and everything else will also be cheaper than in some other countries.
It should be mandatory for high school, university and all workplaces
I don't remember, maybe it was l mentioned in a side page or paragraph
Clinton/Albright should never have attacked Serbia.
A very unique Serbian wedding custom is the “Buying of the Bride”, where the bride is sold by her own brother, and bought by the groom
Self-determination is a right that everyone has, but you want it to be recognized by the international community, so it has to be done peacefully.
Serbian gov "steering shit" as usual, and staying true to its "Trojan horse of Europe" politics.
They were voted out of power around 4 years after Kosovo declared independence, I wouldn't say that was the only reason they lost the election
So, if you are sharing a big venue space with another wedding, you will want to be sure that the bride is covered when out and about
I remember it after the castle
Was seeking some financial info on the websites of Irish banks and financial institutions...
The Hungarian elite*, let's not make any stupid generalisations :) Anyway it all went way downhill there after Matthias Corvinus.
Anyone have any info on grants available?
And also, I don't think many people here know opium comes from poppy plant
You will probably need to have residence somewhere in central Serbia.
I would say Milan Nedić, the head of provisional government of rump Serbia under direct German military occupation
atheists are usually not patriotic, hate that they are serbs and are probably from belgrade
Or any of 2000 civilians that died in the bombing or from radiation
You can hate me if you want to, but unlike you, I don't judge people based on their nationality and what their governments do
I think the generational conflict was much bigger 30,40+ years ago
He wasnt wearing an army jacket, he wore a camouflage print jacket with 4 C symbol on his back, Serbian army never had such uniforms, but farmers commonly use camouflage print when working the field.
Serbian, Albanian, Macedonian, Bulgarian, Turkish, Russian, German, English, French, Spanish, Italian
TBH I think Serbia deserved the diplomatic isolation during the Balkan wars.
Nah, we are adopting Montenegrin standard
Serbia and Montenegro
No, you pay until the day you are actually not a member of the club.
And then having Serbia give Italy our coast anyway.
Hah, you're right, both "triangles" are just one counter-clockwise rotation away from going back to the original places
i mean they are practiaclly a state already.
Corruption is making my blood boil at this point
Similar to you, I thought our barbecue street food was universal
Nearly everyone smokes here
In my town is totaly OK to do it.
Average wage in Moldova is around 440 dollars per month and here 410 dollars per month so no
granted, older people will always assume that you're interested in each other but assuming things is their job
English is super easy to learn, not because it's an easy language, but because of the internet, TV etc
Kids in villages with clear Hungarian majority not so much.
Serbo-Croatian was active during Yugoslavia (and short time before).
Very true, tomato>potato
Both countries are great powers/US obviously superpower.
And it's appropriate since "eggs" is used for testicles.
All of a sudden you love the court and respect its decisions, but when it indicts a Serbian war criminal you call it an "anti-Serbian Western conspiracy".
Black Carbon
Yet
Stefanović, Djordje (2005)
Serbs are also majorily I group
Ironic because it's much much safer here than in America for example
So he is the CHP candidate, if there is a second round with whom will the voters of other parties nationalist, kurdish allign with him or with Erdogan
Also Dušan Silni (Dušan the Mighty) is idolized as the pinacle of what a fair, just and strong leader is
He finished it the same time as I did.
Luda po tebe
I also thought Mercedes was "Mečka", or is that in Serbian?
Invective is a treasured art in Serbia.
Hungary sometimes and Bulgaria
There will be no mixture of populations to cause endless trouble ... a clean sweep will be made
Another one, much more serious was an Al Jazeera special where he explains that quizzes like Who Wants to Become a Millionaire were introduced to stupify people (along with turbo folk), and how those quizzes led to reality TV shows as they are now
Is that really the case, though
I am not a supporter of Le Pen but I fully support her decision and I think every female politican from non Muslim countries should do the same.
That is just a phonetically adjusted foreign name, we use the same principle everywhere
If you now speak Swedish with her does she use "Jag älskar dig" with you more often than most Swedes normally would?
If Kpsovp didn't separate Serbs would have exterminated them.
Serbs and Romanians are generally very friendly so i don't see us as frenemies
But we all believe she sent all of those to the press by herself
Nope , hes just bantering, because a few months ago Macedonia sent a protest note to our ambasssador because a road sign that pointed to Macedonia said FYROM, naturally everyone was pissed that Macedonia would react in such a way,after time and time again working against Serbian national interests, than acting surprised when they just felt a bit of Serbian backlash.
Not a hospital for sure
In Serbia they're usually armed with just a pistol but if there is a large football game they are equipped with riot gear
Named after its people, the Czechians.
That we smoke alot, i think that we are the country with the most smokers in Europe
We were under Ottoman Empire for a long period so we picked up some Turkish words like peškir (towel),  alat (tools), bakar(copper), bubreg(kidney), burek(basically a pie made from meat), ćuprija(a thing in front of a house where you usually park your car), čaršav(sheet), čarape(socks), česma(water thing that you drink from), čelik(steel) etc
City-wise and intercity-wise, gotta say, the system works **surprisingly** well.
Not much, but there are people who can speak it.
Also, didn't know that people in most other countries use cofee-makers instead of [this
Since when does Serbia have that kind of influence?
Not really, people tend to take things for granted, as the media presents it, thats why propaganda is so successful these days.
The Serbs limited the rights of the Albanians in Yugoslavia/Serbia and discriminated them on a large scale.
(Nje is his original joke/gag, while we signs in Major scale on the pier)
Pathfinder Kingmaker was also made by a russian studio i think
Sadly not
If I had EU passport, I'd most likely choose to live in Austria.
It's used extensively in hip hop
Because GDP per capita isn't a precise indicator of development, as I was arguing with some people here few days ago.
EU shouldn't be the water used to put out the fire, just because the country doesn't know how to use well to get water to put out fire.
Also, one of his most famous books (Animal Farm) is essentially one extended attack on the Soviet system of government
Not sure how does that change what Ive said but ok
I mean, it doesn't make that much sense, but I thought, who knows, maybe it's an old Polish saying or something
Balkans in general is drowning in reggaeton these days
I respect that
Definitely Swedish, it sounds almost like a song at times
Czech Couple Went On a Vacation In French Nice But Ended in Serbian Niš
[''Russian invasion''] and [''American Democracy'']
What are you talking about they tried joining and were turned down
slonova - five, six
We call him "pussymouth" (rough translation lol)
Christmas, New Year, 3 birthdays, skiing
Germany
It's not as cheap as Asia but cheaper than Western Europe.
- Brate - Tebra - brother - dude
Belarus is more liberal than for example Greece?
For Example the letter R in Cyrillic is P.
Because the racist comments made by WEuropeans are the same.
It's the Felix Romulian palace I think
They got [this answer]
You trying to defend what us did to serbia and montenegro is unbelivable
In other words you are a bunch of hypocrites.
It should be read, or at least not banned.
Covid like this
And sabaton
How is public support for the EU in Serbia?Most Serbians I saw online seemed rather hostile to the idea.
They used worship a [stone face in the mountain] until God destroyed it.
Here's me thinking situation in Poland is bad, jesus.
Cant see this properly, im color blind
Just when you think you've seen the worst from him, he makes statments that would put even Šešelj to shame...
Just look at Reddit's position on the matter in any thread where it comes up.
I found Лаврентиј so that is indeed similar to Serbian.
First name + Surname and every single Serbian surname ends with "ић" (ic)
He is not a politician but a doctor and he was speaking on national television about the virus and said that its the funniest virus ever and that we can go to Milano to buy clothing on sale, and then like in 5 days we were in lockdown
Southern-Albania is loaded with western tourists, while North has more eastern/Balkan tourists (I saw Serbian palted cars in some hotels there).
And then cries avouut bad relations.
(And yeah, Croatians having a “Heel” and us having a “Shoe” as our worst choices - just speaks how similar we are, even when making trash music )
How insulting
Normalisation of relations will not cut it
As I said, it's very hard to answer
People said Serbia did not participate in Nazi agenda.
The German government has become very strict since 2015
In fact, we shouldn't talk with drivers at all, there are signs saying that
The one and only bride:
Not at everything, Latvia has bigger Russian minority.
Nah we're pretty okay with you if you ask me
The city has nice parts , but I wouldn't call it pretty
That's fine, but being socially progressive (which is a pretty relative term), is not a requirement to join the EU fortunately.
We've had it easier after WW and yet only thing we were able to do was to fuck up a country that if remained whole, today could rival some of the richest EU countries
wasn't Anahita also a Persian goddess
Bulgarian backstabbers (Balkan wars, WW1)
the solution is "let Serbia genocide Kosovo and then repopulate it".
It is real mountain, people think it is not
Air port taxi mafia, as we call them, are notorious, but they're not so harsh to locals, i think, only to foreigners or our people who live in the west and come to visit, and who forgot how things function here
Austro-Hungarian wasn't a nation (although it was a state).
It might've helped if you'd actually read the article you were commenting on before going on a brave moral crusade against Nazi Serbs or whatever it is you think you're doing here.
Was thinking the same...one of us!
Tesla was Croatian by birth/born in modern day croatia and was Serbian by language and culture, his ethnic ancestry was Wallachian and he was a proud USA citizen for 50 years.
Learning something new every day from these comments
I believe you believe racism isn't a ***major*** issue because that makes you fucking uncomfortable and you dismiss his constant daily, *systemic* discrimination because you for some reason think it's equivalent to making a pole joke.
Doesn't matter if NATO jumped in in Kosovo, Serbia eventually lost the war and hopefully this war will be a lesson for everybody.
[pickles] didn't stick around for too long :/
To me Serbian seems much closer than Ukrainian.
Let's be honest here - It wasn't only a Serbian attack, some Montenegrin citizens took part in it.
R. I. P
You'll have to be more specific.
Want kosovo serbia back then
I think they are the only ex-Yu country with a positive population growth
I just hate the picture being painted that we're some kind of savages and the rest of the Balkans are victims throughout history to Serbian tyranny.
But historically speaking Turkey makes sense as well.
It would take couple of years until they formally leave.
Anne-Marie, two names or a middle name isn't a thing in Serbia
We should completely believe what they said
Same rules are applied everywhere
Same here
The story about the Russians being reported and the Russian spy chief apologizing is based on anonymous sources.
Yeah, Rio would be mad with all those favelas and narco cartels
They got 3rd place in presidential elecetions in 2017 (9,44%)
Kosovo and Israel are the victims.
Only "Black wave" kind if anti government movies in socialist Yougoslavia
There is an enormous gap between this internet usage of a language and the real deal
why would Serbia need to agree that Kosovo should go to Albania?
Well, if they start implementing it, you guys are welcome at our place.
If i am homophobe just because i claim that state flag and lgbt flag can't and shouldn't be the same thing, then ok
"montenegrin language" is a joke.
The seat of the Serbian Orthodox Church was in Peć from when it was created in the 1300s until it was abolished by the Turks in the 1700s.
Before Brexit you could find some nuance, now it's just you either support people like Verhofstadt or Schulz or you are Putin's puppet.
Well you did war with Bulgaria and Turkey :P
Also I don't think a country with a monarch that has actual power can be a full democracy
" ; p.470
That's no moon
Language test is completely arbitrary and is difficult to pass unless you are native speaker.
Baba daruje hranu (paprikas, probably :-)
So I'm curios to hear NATO response on knowing that in the future they will be not more needed and wanted by the countries that agree on EU army.
''Za dom'' is used as early as 1680 I think.
Countries have no morals, just interests.
I though the Irish call the parliament "Seanad"?
Serb is a member of an ethnic group called Serbs.
Montenegro will definitely join before Serbia because they are far ahead with chapters already.
There was an ultimatum sent from Austria afterwards regarding the investigation, though it was explicitly written to be rejected and give Austria-Hungary a casus belli to invade Serbia.
EU4
Are you refering to Slovenia only, or to the whole ex Yugoslavia
I thought you guys all live with your mothers?
Vivovdan
You failed me squating slavs
The most likely to join first is Turkey: however, France has said it will veto Turkey and many other EU countries have said it will be put down to a referendum.
You're playing a dangerous game, boy.
Good
Basically they left pretty much by themselves.
Insane people
We let Serbia pick the next US president?
I mean if Poland, Greece and Estonia can pay up who are far from the richest and most developed countries, then I think every NATO member could easily do the same.
And you say it is all bullshit?
It is too good to be murican :D
Yuuuuup
You guys were lucky, you "only" had to deal with those issues :)
Any small village/town are all really nice, plus that's where rakija is mostly made so that ups how good it is a lot
They chastise the most pro-Russian, anti-western nation(Serbia) the same way they do the most pro-EU, pro-western value nation (Albania).
Trust me if we didn't have to deal with Russia's ridiculous antics we wouldn't.
We judge asylum applications on an individual basis, not based on country.
Why
Lol no, thats Rivendell
Bulgaria a lot of people are sympathetic to Russia, maybe a lot more than any other country in Eastern Europe except Serbia.
If someone these days presents himself as antifaschist he is probably closer to antiantifaschist
Thank you, Romania, for being our best neighbour and ally
Oh yeah, I think we have that here in Serbia.
The source even refers to "Catholic Albanians" as early as 1871.
Not as much as Messi in Barca tho
Yea it do be like that
Apparently Državni Posao(state job)
People overseas really liked it
Not as popular as a foreigner might guess (judging by success in that sport) but still a lot of children train it, especially in places which have pools and some swimming/water polo clubs.
It's driving me and everyone else in here insane too
[Ice-age mamooth body has been found 3km away from my home.]
Is is Serbian get over it everybody.
Definitely fake
Good to know that we aren't the only ones
Everything conducted by Brits and Americans
"I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men and German to my horse"-Charles V
Fair enough
Remarkable man
Uggh more virtue signaling....make it stop pls.
romania has 2-3 times more population tho
We lost more people than the US.
But it's hardly the case
Yet another reason why we should cross the Kosovo bridge only when we get to it, not now
\> brings in foreign masses out of a secular pluralist mandate
Yugoslav civil war and the big battles like Stalingrad and the landing in Normandy
Although my best friend did go to court because he got caught with two grams
Slovenes, Croats and Serbs joined willingly and it was quite a pooular move back then
Awesome picture
i've been online since i can remember, but now the anglosphere is becoming very difficult for me, especially the us part
There's no way Turkey would join in next 50 years.
Croatia blocks Chapter 26, Serbian PM leaves Brussels
And to add, UAE are investing significantly in Serbia too.
They are stealing, burning houses, beating people and everything else, while our president says that they are our friends
napredak
It's basically the same everywhere
• [Serbian Parliament] a nice traditional building, was featured in Half-Life 2
I believe there are frequent meetups for travelers as we get loads of tourists but I wouldn't be able to tell you exactly where sadly
SO he is a classic liberal then.
But it might have changed recently.
[Leskovački ćevapi] from Serbia.
Yes you're right, but do we know how the inhabitants of modern day FYROM were called?
Apparently Državni Posao(state job)
For example c is always c no matter what comes after (unlike Spanish ce and ca)
Let the people vote and be over with it.
I am equally proud of my Serbian origin and Croatian homeland.
That is not how partners should act and will result in anti-EU, pro-Russia backslash in Serbia.
By cradle he meant the oldest known serbian traces - most of them
What a dumb and false statement with absolutely no historical evidence to back it up
I quite like the pictures though, and I'm guessing others do, despite his motives.
I live in the northern part and it snowed couple of times here, but only the lightest amount.
Honestly I have nothing against Roma people, their history or them living in my country, but you have to realize how they self-isolate through their own culture, they make it hard for others to see them as fellow countrymen wherever they may live.
Montenegro is a bit contraversal seeing that theres a literal civil war going on with The Montenegrin gov and 30% of the population wants to steal our churches and riches,while the other 70% is in full revolt for 5 months straight
I know there is a lot of hungarian words in serbian, I guess I shouldn't be surprised fazon is present in both
A state of mind where everything is just right
Unfortunately if you don't want to wait in the hospital, bring chocolate, coffee, drinks or even money to nurse or maintenance stuff and just like that you are almost 1st in line
Islamists should stay in their countries
>hasn't even existed in my lifespan
Could you explain what it is
"Look at that park - they got 50,000€ to fix it and stole it all." It's like it's just normal.
will have to invade everybody's privacy even more due to "on-time detection". Fuck
Why would Serbia even want Kosovo?
What news do they serve you in Ukraine about Serbs
[Autonomous Province of Vojvodina] is an autonomous province of Serbia, located in the northern part of the country, in the Pannonian Plain.
Although i am serbian, serbian is not my first language, so all words sound st least a bit childish to me because of all the č, ć, š sounds combined with k, d, p and other similar sounding letters
I can't imagine us fighting with others
If germany wants to demonstrate moral integrity and strength in times of crisis especially regarding its historic responsibility towards peace in Europe, "bombing Serbia" should be the very last thing to even speak about.
Well, the region of Serbia was once part of the Byzantine Empire, it's not like they had nothing to do with each other.
>Vast majority of people are atheist/agnostic and religious people are seen as goofies
Yea look at the first thing i wrote
There is also the one about orthodox Vlachs or whatever.
I have Serbian friends, and their families treat me like a member of theirs.
When you are Berlusconi, in McDonalds waiters serve you
You post with a flag of Kosovo by your side, and i guess that you wouldn't appreciate it if you tried to post something critical of Serbs or Serbia and being responded to by being called a paranoid Islamist that simply tries to tarnish the reputation of Serbs, while neglecting the actual content of your submission.
Europa Universalis 4: I've played with many countries, but mostly focused on Europe, I think I have the most games with Castille, the Ottomans and Austria
I mean they didn't score twice as many goals for nothing
Serbian=Croatian/\Croatian=Serbian.
It is more common in rural areas, plus it depends on your neighborhood, but I know many people who are just fine with it
I felt sad
People keep mentioning the guy, while when i asked the guy whats it about, he stated you guys are butthurt lol.
Theres a differnce between an Army unfirom and an Camo jacket.
or the number of american people who voted trump?
Ahahah ok I get it now, dank je
Balkans is entirely different story.
So is Bosnia
Живот means Life in Serbian and Stomach in Russian
I know one very popular around the south is that schools are forcing meditation on children so they would turn them homosexual and non-Christian, meanwhile HAARP is being used to disrupt the weather and cause floods so we would starve or get cancer by eating GMO foods and eventually die off from either non-reproduction, due to homosexuality, or starvation
This service is not free, but it paid by taxpayers whether the taxpayers like it or not.
Kosovo is a part of Serbia tho, see how it is analoguous.
Hitler room was 200$, and Tito suite 500$.
Most of the younger crowds don't belive in God
I tend to think of it as an economic prison.
How could we ever repay our debt to you
I mean When Serbia/Greece/Albania/Bulgaria etc became Independent in 1800s-early 1900s hurt Turkey's territorial integrity.
I believe that if this is implemented, Bosnians in Srpska should be given the opportunity to go to Bosnia, and Serbians from Kosovo should get the opportunity to move to Serbia.
Almost any Hollywood movie that has a serb character in it
And Macron is same as current president
And all of them have a lot of exceptions
[ISBN] [9780521027007] p. 498
End of WW2 up to 70's - maybe early 80's in Yugoslavia
Serbia is of course a world renowned bastion of peace and goodwill
Especially not when it has 20 trillion dollars of debt already.
Srebrenica je sama po sebi ogromna tema za diskusiju i u to ne želim da ulazim sada.
Fuck that Yugoslavia
4th is hard and Scottish is easy
Head, shoulders, stomach, knees
Belgrade here, we had no snow this winter, for the first time in my lifetime I haven't seen snow in winter
He is more and more selling domestically and less aboard to help out here, similarly his peers too
I'm sorry to inform you that you are written in the book of Serbs, so you are 101% Serb
Anyway I feel like I can deal with it, but if have to speak english for more than one day it kind of becomes stressful for me
Even though Novi Sad is becoming like that I have a feeling that Belgrade is on whole other level
Destroys your liver but oh well :)
Jankovič and Jeremič seem the most promising anti-corruption and pro-progress candidates right?
We'll eventually reunite Yugoslavia in Germany
2% literate, 14
The vast majority were civilians.
Croatia has always engaged in pretty feuds, even before all of the wars their foreign policy towards Serbia was always childish and passive aggressive for no reason other than to provoke and cause political scandals .
We don't need yet another illiberal state in the EU.
For instance we have:
And the call rates are really expensive.
Which is completely nuts
And I've lived almost my whole life here
A lot of them have taken the chance to take money in exchange for leaving before their asylum request is denied.
Ohhhh yes, maybe they should have waited for Serbian leadership to get enlightened and see their wrongdoing...
Fought in WW1 alongside Serbia.
Yugoslavia got it back after WW2.
So you see why Serbia has a hard time trusting them and cant be in good terms.
To be honest, Serbia has lately acted a lot like Turkey on the international stage and towards the EU.
I see, the point is that the map does not contain a proper legend, it's factually incorrect(PM of Serbia) and I think it's opinionated (and I strongly believe maps should present facts, but it's just my opinion).
S nase tacke gledista jeste, jer smo navikli na nesto drugo
hitler basically considered everyone subhuman, but people's who were his allies he proclaimed to be (honorary) aryans (japanese, finns, croats).
They didn't choose where they were born.
Not really answering your question but kinda similar:
So do all Slavic languages
Leave religion & politics out of the mix and Croatia fits as well
well Hungarians do have a longer history of Vojvodina inhabitance but it's not continual
Those living in the south-eastern part of the country used to hop over to Novi Sad in Serbia for the market, but as far as I heard this is no longer common practice as prices have caught up.
Serbia also does relatively frequent exercises with Bulgaria, Romania and Hungary for example, which are NATO countries.
If i had to "move" then probably Serbia cause it's right next to us, the language is similar, and i think prices are the same.
I once had someone amazed, for example, by how beautiful Croatia's seaside was
Ironically more and more lawyers are in demand since now ya basically, at least here, almost all the time ya need a lawyer to do some shit like check yer contract, make the contract, represent ya and whatnot
My mother told me about hers (I'm a woman)
Being honest, Charlie Hebdo is an asshole magazine.
lmao it was only a joke, but this is next level
The standardized forms of Serbian, Montenegrin, Bosnian, and Croatian are based on a Shtokavian dialect.
Аустро-угарска (austro-ugarska)
Ok, get the tgv, but sncf can't be let in on the project
Normal people don't interfere with that kind of stuff
LOL it's the result of too long accession process you moron.
They just browse facebook for 6 - 7 hours per day and then go home.
Here if there's excess of people wanting to go clubbing, more clubs will open
Or is it just for the tourists
Populist politicians trying to exploit people's dismain over EU, economic progress, surge of migrants while exploiting nationalistic, religious and many other kinds of stereotypes.
Neo-nazi terrorists acts of this magnitude are extremely uncommon, neo-nazis in general are a lot harder to come by than muslims.
I never noticed how similar they sound but yeah, you're completely right, it's almost uncanny
what was the third, besides this one and the teacher beaheding
>reconquering
[Drina March] - 20th century
Nice misinformation mate, youd even make the Russians proud.
You didn't? I had to use it all the way through secondary school
Since i also speak Italian you can imagine level of confusion
now that name is "church name" still godfather give it to you will you baptise
That one's kinda weird lol
Uhm, so pretty much all of what is historical Hungary and then some.
And Serbia and Romania are as well surprisingly similar
We shouldn't burn bridges based on promises of money and prosperity who knows when.
Basically only if you live near a border since there's small check points for locals
According to leaks, CNN gave the debate questions to Hillary and also during the primaries they asked questions to Bernie Sanders about his religious views to make him less popular in certain states (which was done by the Clinton campaign's suggestion).
There's a popular rumor that cults and the like meet there, claims justified by strange symbols and pentagrams seen by those who explore
Speak portuguse fluently having lived in Brazil for most of my life
We use quite a bit of these aswell
Bor is basically the same as that Greek city you described, while Zajecar has enormous unemployment rate and most of the people there leave the country to find a workplace
Nedeljko Bajic- Snovi od Stakla
When it comes to English, I always say Budapest with S. However in my language it would be Budimpešta, which has SH sound instead
Ukraine and Moldova are not South Europe
the deal is, there aren't countries which population is conservative, radical, misogynistic, homophobic, and generally backwards and happens to be christian.
The armrest and other parts are literally built from some kind of METAL
For me and a lot of people it is communist yugoslav flag
they produce it in albania but sell it here :p
This is stronger among more civic nationalist leaning people
This is the main reason I gather my information from news outlets that oppose my views (being a right wing libertarian myself).
I think it's the same in Serbia
They, for some strange reason seems to have subpar beer, but not to worry
Thank r/soccer for that currently, as well as my love towards Guy Richie movies and ''Only Fools and Horses'' earlier in my life
Many Macedonians dont want this and see this as a flop by Zaev who just wants power, and feel betrayed by EU and NATO ( btw Macedonia isnt a member of both so idk ehy they are mixed in) who are pushing their agenda since the Tirana platform also wants the name of FYROM changed so they can join the EU and NATO.
And I'm no Brit, but even if it fully support HK protests, it's just political oppinion and snowflakes could melt and stew in their outrage, but cannot force it on others
Did you buy it from us (Serbia)
When it is a muslim from Balkans, they just say he is a Yugoslav now.
As Serbs we are very familiar with the meaning of ethnic cleansing.
Mythomania in Slovenia is already ridiculous, in Croatia it's head-aching, in Serbia it defies belief and all of us together can't hold the candle to Bulgaria.
Serbia under Nemanjić rule
I posted a question on r/croatia asking for language learning advice (I would have posted on Serbia too I just couldn't be bothered to ask about cyrillic) and I called the language serbo-croat.
Now if the question was where i wish i lived, like choosing where i was born, i would say Norway or Switzerland, but i can't "move" there since they are not in the EU, i don't understand their language, and everything is super expensive there.
What
If you're not there, you're left a slip that you can take to your nearest post office to pick up the package
>*That from the time that he first began*
Most of billboards are filled with commercials or political party advertisement
Babin Zub (mountain) = grandma's tooth
Serbian media circlulated the story of €300 per month.
Why would you leave your own home?
Most do, i mean, they are not on the same level as Serbian-Albanian relations, but man, Greeks hate them, mostly.
Incidents like this happen once in 6-7 years.
We won too with 5900 soldiers against 38.000 russians in the Battle of Krasny Bor, in the second world war.
Sombody said we need a ministry *for* corruption
Albania has no issues with any of its neighbours...
You people pay
Ah, not my type of humor i guess
(Btw they are not foreigners)
Stevan Sindjelić - vojvoda from first Serbian uprising a true madlad, when he saw he couldn't win the battle he blew himself up and killing 10 thousand Turks with him
The cherry on the top is that his son was even worse (admittedly he was literally retarded).
Halina (Polish) or Persephone (Greek) for a girl
In most EU countries the older generations are right wing here it's basically 50/50 with older and younger people
You realize nato would not sell us their planes right?and that we cant even afford them.
I was thinking more about the people rather than the governments
After all, on reddit,it's usually the minority thats vocal.
He commented with an article clearly stating that the Prime Minister of Serbia identifies said threat as being the Croatian decision to purchase weapons.
Slavic cultures: Russia, Poland, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Serbia...and everybody else that I've forgotten...
He is also a prospective international relations student with particular interest in southern Slavs.
Some people here who are gasping at Irelands "magical gdp growth" don't realize that if their uncle Tod working in a foreign county is a millionaire does not mean shit for them if he doesn't share, despite their family's high average wealth.
My mother is from Serbia, my father is Croat, one of my grandfathers is Bosnian, one of my grandmothers is French and I was born in Slovenia .....
Its always pronounced, and is the same as h in hello
We really didn't get shit from it when you look at Serbia today and what it was pre-WW1.
It's not about what race they are, but what they do
I visited several places, and honestly, everywhere I went people were very polite and helpful
They call themselvs tsardome, which is technically the same since tsar come from caesar.
Weird rock formation, nothing much
They translated FUN to "ZeZaNje" - having fun
Let it be french
5kg of apples OR a portion of pancakes to go OR a snack (chips for example) and a juice
Get your supermajority (fixed percentage EU wide rule) and pay for the paperwork yourself, and we'll move right along...
Yes, ''Holandija'' is something we would use for the Netherlands only when acting silly around friends, speaking in Serbian or Bosnian accent.
Alright pools number changed, it's still 48% and we know very very well how pools cannot be used as absolute truth.
Migma(Google it)
The EU sort of abandoned us and just doesn't need us right now but if it was serious about expanding we'd be the first on that list
They got [this answer]
You should
Not OP, but i think he meant [šopska salata] which, as far as i know, doesn't contain mayo that the French poster mentioned.
Why in hungarian the date is half roman and year set first?
Generally almost never, we're not in the Schengen area so you gotta wait at the border if it's a busy day
Yea, thats why its pointless
Czech is, in comparison to Slovak a bit more complex to understand
It may look better but trust me this brutalism style housings are made with so much more quality than those cheap-ass shit that they are building all over my country rn
Wow, interesting
Bosnia doesn't steal VWs from Europe.
Serbian chocolates will be replaced by Croatian ones" [Article in Croatian]
Describing people I know back in my home country quite well there...
In Serbian it's completely different, which I always found weird
Ч ч  | Č č | like CH in chair
That this is what gets attention
I bet that what he was seeing was the last thing he thought he would see
Indeed, it makes no sense for Greece not to be there when even Romania is, who tehnically isn't in the Balkans when looking at the map - but when looking at the Romanian people, you can see the Balkans beating in their hearts.
Russia+Serbia threatening EU members with military to let this pro-putin troyan horse called Serbia into EU?
Basically here we use the formal speech towards all older people, so in highschool you use formal you to address the teachers, while they use the informal you to address you.
A frenemy would be like us and Bulgaria in Balkan War 1
I'd say most people don't have one, but it's not odd if you do own one
Don't even get me started on Milosevic, him and Tito were the worst rulers of Serbia in history imo and that's including the Ottoman sultans
Well yeah but the third wave feminists believe that even countries like yours have patriarchal societies.
pretty sure there is "Ana Marija"
How would you like it if everyone would call you Estonia, but at every international event youd be named Former Soviet Republic of Estonia?
Hungary is a Balkan country
Here it's usually a word used to refer to an ugly person, but as I understand, it's the Hungarian form of "Gabriel "
Well you are speaking about Serbia but not really Kosovo.
If you really have to take a taxi, try going for ones that obviously belong to big companies (usually ''Pink Taxi''), because there are a lot of unlicenced free-lancers who are the worst scammers
Most Americans have 0 knowledge on Serbia tbh.
We do not want to unite with Montenegro
Its an old mosque that for centuries stood where it is now.
Also the voice "h" does not exist (šv: hleb, kr: leb, translation: bread)
"The Emigration of Muslims from the New Serbian Regions 1877/1878". *Balkanologie*. **2** (2), para
The stunt with the train was already pointless enough, this will just add more fuel to the fire.
Woodstock hostel in Paris is quite cool.
Unfortunately I don't know roman Latin language, that would be pretty badass
Oh, shut the hell up you, simpleton.
With all the problems Serbia has, they are building a massive glass-tower in the middle of the capital instead of using the money elsewhere, or at least renovating everything which cries desperately for it for years now!
Honestly, I never heard for this, and I genuinely didn't imagine an existence of neo-nazi groups that go out and kill people who bring information about them in Europe
Not only for the balkans but possibly for the whole world
Just go directly to cursive
I melt in the summer, so if it was only spring-autumn-winter i'd be fine.
For some reason, I found it hard to believe it's an actual word
We drink real drinks, wine, ракија, whiskey, etc,
Yea i don't doubt you, but around the bombing of Serbia there has been a lot of stories about Serbia, a big chunk of which were untrue/speculations/taken out of context just to justify the bombings and so your people can say "destroying their county in 3 months of bombing is fine, they had it coming".
Same here, had a chance to learn a bit more Greek than usual chit chat phrases with my ex gf but 1.
'Slavic Brotherhood' drills underway in Serbia
I really want to believe they're not still sore over that war
'Why did you leave the door open
Why on earth would Patrushev go to Serbia personally to bail out arrested Russian citizens, literally anyone could do that.
I agree
And, whoever catches it should be the next to get married
Other than that, it's cool
It's full of sour people waiting to attack you for the littlest things
Nah..you just kept the old words i guess.
What leverage do you exactly think that they have over us, that the EU doesn't have?
You failed me squating slavs
There was no genocide in Kosovo, massacres yes, all people responsible for the massacres were trialed and convicted, Albanian leaders responsible for the massacres and the single biggest one committed in the war( Organ theft) are leading their 'country' today.
But one thing is for sure, Iran and the USA will have a dick measuring contest that might get lots of people killed in the Middle East
Gibanica as dessert????????????
You kissed boots from the Ottomans up until today, thats one thing that is constant, which in a world where stuff constantly changes, is a welcome sight.
Other notable ones are made of apricot, william pear and quince
I still do not understand why we use it like that
Do you people not get that
It's a really stupid comment I posted out of annoyance with semantics without a second thought put into it
These paints schemes will make all these vehicles blend so well in the Eastern European environment.
So on a post about protecting peoples rights of expression and the right to believe whatever people want, you suggest banning people from believing in things you don't like
I know I find it extremely weird and even boorish if staff is overly friendly and chatty.
Needs one more river to become Belgrade
I don't think anything's that bad.
I bin a drainierta Pinzgaua Fohra und da besta a noch dazua.
And I think she took some yoghurt and chocolate from Nestle as example
Silesia, Russia, Slovakia, Serbia, etc.
The noun is ‘predenje’
Romania (we are literally the only two Balkan countries that don't hate each other)
I think it might be because the way the sentences get to be formed is different then in your mother tongue, it is not exactly what and how you would have said it in your mother tongue, and the whole train of thoughts sort of ends up in a slightly different place
Ps i like how Kosovo isn't a country here
Lol, good one
My wife is from Serbia and often defends Russia on all these issues.
Then also Slovenian, Bosnian, Montenegrin
Here it's totally normal, at least in Belgrade
Excuse me lol
It's their behaviour
Do you have any links for that
No more skyscrapers in europe
Falklands
I love how everyone picks their own countries
“Glup si kao turcin” wich means you are dumb as a turk
We don't learn those at school however as it comes naturally for us
They gave serbia a ultimatum soo bizare
It is a mind-numbingly gigantic country.
First name + Surname and every single Serbian surname ends with "ић" (ic)
Why do you put all the blame on a single side only?
Online games, more specifically MMOs and listening to others
1999 wars
When it comes to Bosniaks, that's more Bosnia's problem than ours, so it's a Serb problem, not Serbia's.
At least Serbia is taking care of them, [Serbia has one of the largest wild populations of plastic bags in Europe]
A girl at my uni has a red shirt that just says 'ketchup'.
>There was no war
Sorry for confusing English in advance, will post source when I figure out how to look for it
The leader of the uprising, Karađorđe, is mostly seen as a symbol of uncompromising rebellion, while Miloš Obrenović who secured the gains they made during the Second Serbian Uprising is seen as more cunning and diplomatic
Serbia is really centralised coutry, literally every institution is seated in Belgrade
Sadly, my german never took the same route
There had been too many atrocities for any civilized cooperation.
Alexander the Great was North Macedonian
it's killing me now to find out who you are lol
They weren't great at fighting but they were pretty good at carrying out war crimes in captured territory.
Keep in mind that you aren't paying $75 for less stops.
Probably got replaced by different breeds whom were imported, it's not official it's extinct but last time they checked the number of animals it was less then 100 in 1993.
Also to consider are some quite cheap flights, for example I went from Belgrade, Serbia to Gothenburg, Sweden for 15€ with Wizzair.
I live in Belgrade and I keep the doors of my apartment locked
And famous one: Žili mi ruka - literally means “my arm is showing tendons” but what the person was saying is “suck my cock” (liži mi karu)
Good guy UK, leaving so that there is place for Serbia to join
Don't act like men aren't discriminated against too.
Don't act like you are innocent and just a victim
She is a professional skier and the guy they accuse of being at fault is her professional team doctor.
It has to be said though that Croatia and Serbia are equally worth visiting and it's only a few hours away by car, generally road trip though the balkans can be highly recommended.
You need war like in Kosovo to change borders
Hey that's not a Russian flag, it's Serbian upside down flag.
We are white/european, but that doesnt mean we colonized anyone or owned slaves or anything like it
Um you know thats the Core of the problem?
There are like 30 or so languages spoken in the north of Serbia, 3 of them (Hungarian, Slovak and Ruthenian) are cooficial with Serbian
how many hours of homework do you get weekly?
I dont like her but I would vote for because I am sick of current EU, and Macron won't bring almost any change
Truth is that both sides are fucking as guilty as sin and did commit genocide even on their own.
>spoken polish is complete gibberish for me
Thor ragnarok "Devil anus"
North Macedonia - country that we are mostly cool with from EX-YU ones (along with Slovenia) and they have their own stuff going with Albania and Bulgaria
ill go as far to say i can recognize every official language in europe
I always assumed iPhones are the same - overpriced user friendly nacely packaged gadgets for shallow persons who use them as status symbol
'Serbia' didn't kill him, Bosnian Serb did - a man who would be called a terrorist.
It might be a little exaggerated, but I know a bunch of people that have one, including me (Sremska Mitrovica)
Everyone
5kg of apples OR a portion of pancakes to go OR a snack (chips for example) and a juice
It snowed twice this winter even though the temperature is -12 atm for example, and has been under 0 for a while.
You can be sentenced to jail for 5 years for 'hate speech' or get fined for 200.000 euros.
Huh, I am kinda surprised with us
I don't even know what lithuanian cuisine has to offer, and i've only tried Kvass out of the things in your post, but Kvass is a slavic drink, so nothing i guess.
But I don't even think this is the case here, I think most of the expulsions weren't local skirmishes at all, they were ordered from high ranking generals
Nice
Met a lot if Nikolas not one of them went by Niko
We do have beautiful women
you've not seen many eurovisions have you?
Nje je njegova originalna fora, dok pevamo na molu dur
Germany is bound to by the laws and conventions we are committed to
The debate between Montenegrin, Serbian, Bosnian and Croatian isn't really a linguistic one, it's political.
that's every country ever
That is of course if it's alone but this is very unlikely or an invasion of any kind at all
Although Muslim by tradition everyone who wears one in Albania (and it is just a recent phenomenon) is being paid a monthly pension just to introduce this practice.
They were allies through most of the history, have been under the same occupation of the Ottomans and have kept constant communication.
Im half Slovenian and Half Serbian.
We have a saying in Serbia whenever we play a sports match vs Croatia.
If you're atheist you should probably keep it to yourself
it's not even a majority language in montenegro.
Time to kill someone
Plus German and a bit of Italian on TV.
Kind of scared
If you're atheist you should probably keep it to yourself
yes with sour cabbage but its not the best dish
They have been stuck in that shit hole for years, and are most likely going to be tried for war crimes.
Shouldn't you argue that we should make a special tobacco shop, then
*Ukrainian,Belorussian*
If you want you can recognize yourself as Bosniak and speak Bosnian.
t. balkanite
* Serbia is not in estern europe
I cuvajte se od virusa
I zig-zagged through Slavonia (Osijek-Valpovo-Slatina-Orahovica-Našice-Đakovo) several months ago, and it barely touches the cornerstones of Eastern-European aesthetics
It's a double edged sword though
Nobody wants to be spammed with “Montenegro is Belorussia” anymore
Financed and supported by the West just like the '90s protests in former Yugoslavia were
We don't say "Former Serbian province of Kosovo" or "Former Sudanese region of South Sudan".
*Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic warned on Sunday that "any new attempt by Pristina to cause a conflict" would "end badly."*
Kosovo is Serbia as long as UN SC resolution 1244 is in effect.
But I'm skeptical that US and UK news outlets are what Serbians consider mainstream news.
Buying of the Bride:
yeah, its not something you eat everyday, but if you say you ate rabbit no one will find it weird
Em how about the fact its used in a fair amount of places, signs?
Both Croatia and Albania do that as well, at least when the foreign relations with Serbia are in question.
Look, Serbia will eventually recognize Kosovo.
The winner was Tito, with 32% of the votes.
But I have plenty of Serbs from across the Balkans added as friends and several more from the diaspora.
Fwiw the last time I left Serbia on the train to Budapest they did not give me an exit stamp.
This doesn't mean it is not very impressive of course.
We are an obsercer state in CSTO and the Nonaligned movement, we also flirt with the people who bombed us to the dark ages (NATO) everybody loves Serbia.
For every letter in Latin, there is a corresponding letter in Cyrillic.
I'm honestly surprised Estonia receives less per capita than Slovenia, considering they're significantly wealthier.
People like going to Timisoara, although the malls are a bit pricier than here
It would be really hilarious if they remove sanctions on Russia to then put em on Turkey, lol.
There are rumors spreading in the internet about that matter.
Two quick questions, who would be the most popular candidate amongst young Serbs?
Kalemegdan, probably
I live in Vojvodina, north Serbia which is not part of the Balkan peninsula but it never offends me when people say we are
It has 15 judges who different organs of law recommend the candidates
A tiny little nation with an estimated 13Billion Euroes of natural minerals under it.
It's not considered bad either though
It could be new Poland but instead, we are the worst :)
We eat it when we go out in kafanas and restaurants and rarely i believe as a linch or dinner
Pretty much all high-schoolers drink, and many smoke
Well all of us did, I'm just saying that Greece had basically all of Europe at their backs when fighting for independence
That would be nice and I think everyone wants it, but it is much more complex
Even we are good with Bulgaria now and we had a milenium of wars lol
Same
Thank you for receiving our army and people in WWI, for the hospitality then and now, when we came to your beautifull country in summer
> Anti-Antifa is usually used to describe activities the most extremist far-right groups in Germany are engaged in
Most of our Orthodox customs are originally pagan, even the Christmas ones - paljenje badnjaka etc
Serbia is going the way of turkey, one man controlling everything turning the country where he wants to go, censoring(legally) all media so as to seem as the only good guy.
Vokrri: Kosovo might get kicked out of UEFA and FIFA [Article in Serbian]
It went to far
It's because even our institution for regulation of the language (Matica srpska) has difficulties defying rules for conjugations
The song was made for a tv serial "dosije" which uncovers narco cartel Zemunski klan's wrong doings.
In Bulgaria we just call it 'folk' or 'chalga.' Interesting that you guys call it turbofolk!
Hungary is sending police to help Serbia Remove Kebab.
It's just Serbian and Russian nationalists who genuinely think that.
Mc Stojan, Voyage, Breskvica, Coby, Rasta, Tanja Savic, Relja, Klinac
Same rAlt as switch for spetial characters
Sweet popcorn exists
Really wow I did not know that
Serbia and Russia aren't in the EU
Your argument on both counts seems to be no.
It's important that people remember that.
Include Republic of Srpska ans Bavaria as you included kosovo
I'm from Vojvodina (northern Serbia) and my grandparents from both sides had only those kind of decks
I can't be bothered to vote..." All said by the exact same people.
We all like fast cars
The point is that 23 of them do, and (because approval of new members has to be unanimous) every single one of those has veto power over Serbia's accession.
Serbia also tried to organize a coup during the elections in Montenegro to put a pro-Russia, anti-EU PM.
Prices vary from ~1000e to ~5000e per square meter depending on the neighbourhood
Though, now they transformed it into an external stage for festivals like Folk Fest, concerts etc
So you are the one who shames everyone else.
It's a simple thing in Geopolitics, every superpower has its sphere of influence.
The chairs represent 11.541 dead people and the chairs were "Made in Serbia" = The death of 11.541 people is "Made in Serbia"
Serbian PM will step down if SNS loses presidential elections
Can we get more historical GoT levels theories?
This hate speech law is completely nonsensical by default.
Russia is an important friend to Serbia, maybe more than the EU since they fiercely don't recognise Kosovo, losing such an important ally isn't in our interests
If you learn the alphabet correctly you can read and write the language basically.
Why is there flag of Serbia on the photo?
There will be other who will step in his place, but the action will not be forgoten
The headline can say Narnia, Republic of Tunguska, fact of the matter is that Kosovo is a disputed territory under Serbias claim.
In my opinion they should not be allowed to join the EU.
So this is the balkans in a nutshell :)
I have problems when I find some information online, it can be pretty hard to translate technical terms to serbian
If you're asking for a region though, I'm from Crete but that's irrelevant.
The Yugoslav wars, especially considering the majority's outright dismissal of the atrocities committed.
The Ultra-right government didn't submit right away even when they knew civilian population might get hit by collateral damage.
By 'bilingual' I just mean enough to understand them, yknow
Serbian Draft Holocaust Legislation Sparks Criticism
Well yes, but 1.5 million dead soldiers for a small country like Serbia is much more devastating than for countries like Russia and France who have x times more people.
Being neighbor with it (Russian Empire and then in its USSR incarnation), Bulgaria, Greece, Serbia can afford liking Russia because they don't have a border, just ask Poland and Ukraine how they like it...
Definitely Golden Age for Serbia
I mean, it doesn't make that much sense, but I thought, who knows, maybe it's an old Polish saying or something
Google tells me both are possible, I was taught draft is correct
At that time we had a lot of uprises against the Ottoman empire, and people were wearing some cool outfits if you ask me
When African countries are more peaceful than you...
i get an orgasm whenever i hear russian or french
No relations to them, except for Serbia, maybe.
I also know of White Tiger, Stalingrad and the Sevastopol one, but all 3 of those are new and seem pretty meh
Normal people don't interfere with that kind of stuff
That's much more than 100 years and during that time the Poland was anything but a failed state.
He will just annex the Balkans 😅
You can't have protection for completely free, that was never the deal.
100 RSD - 2 330ml cans of soda
I agree, but I think credit should be given where it's due.
There is 6 Slavic countries in the EU, you know?
You see my dad is a military man, that has defended Montenegro from NATO bombing
Croatia most likely
That would certainly help break the deadlock over that issue in Pristina.
Because red white and blue are considered "Pan-Slavic" colors agreed in Prague Slavic Congress, based on Russian flag
Even more than some member states, that is why they are pressuring some issues because they can't wait we join in
Mrš u tri pičke materine
I can't even explain hov aids the todays mainstream music scene in Serbia is
And for 100 RSD you can buy maybe a bag of chips or like 1-2 liters of drink depending on the brand
I see a lot of shit slinging going Serbian way
It's not like A-H had no other choice but to invade Serbia.
It's obviously a repost lmao this day comes every year
I don't even see a point in arguing with these people.
Not getting fired
Shouldn't Serbia be painted yellow on the first map?
Especially German population is now strongly opposed to any further accessions.
If they accelerate Serbia's asscension to the EU then every other Balkan country will "turn to" Russia and use that as a reason for EU to let them in faster.
We eat a lot of bread
I like Joana (we have Jo**v**ana tho) and Freja.
It's so odd that they have so little space.
If it’s a name that has a Serbian version, in same situations we use ours
If a woman wants to abort, she'll find a way to do it.
Cold -15 to 0
Every country that recognises Bosnia and Herzegovina as a country also recognises Srpska Republic as the part of Bosnia.
What's also interesting is that you can use any tense to talk about any point in time
Similar in Serbian 'slovenačko' for Slovenian and 'slovačko' for Slovak, very confusing
Also [North Kosovo] should be annexed by Serbia, while giving the Albanians who live there the opportunity to go to Albanian Kosovo.
Serbia wants to annex part of Kosovo using 'Crimea model': president
Actually nobody made them leave, since some of our generals went to the streets to tell the people to stay home and to not leave since nobody wishes them harm and this is their country...
Wait, Western
not necessarily - check some sub saharan countries, like Mali who have had a lot of famines in the 20th ( and even in 21st ) century and you'll notice their height figures are only slightly lower than american ones
Was an heir to the throne but decided to become a priest instead
Not knowing both scripts pretty much means you're illiterate.
King Dragutin first got Belgrade as a gift from Austro-Hungarians in 13th century and then it was capital for the first time during the rule of Stefan Lazarević in 15th century, mostly cause relations with Austro-Hungarians were good and Ottomans were a threat on the south so capital had to be as far away as possible
My wife is from Serbia but I could never live there.
Serbs are reliigious fanatics and see Russiacas third Rome, and nrotherly nation.
Haha, I love how you can say anything about Serbia and people will believe it.
More like hostile
When you think/talk about former Yugoslavia you have in mind miserable and poor countries like Serbia, Bosnia or Macedonia (no offence).
Serbia, everibody is friendly to everyboy (exept ther neoghbours)
Netherlands is *Holandija*, that's the official name.
There is a bit difference in our language
We already have one planned to
Perhaps their grandchildren would no longer be coerced into forgeting their name and turning their back on their own people in order to lighten the sting of the oppressor's whip.
the rape and murder of Tijana Jurić, a 15 year old girl from Vojvodina in 2014
RS wants to secede at the federal borders
Just like the rest of the world
Would probably cause quite a few raised eyebrows where I'm from, though
Baka prase and other youtubers
I'll never think about Sarajevo the same after this
Now I wait a Serbian user to say the family name.
If they don’t want to ask Russia
hmm Poland, Serbia, Russia, Serbia, Croatia, Catalonia, Scotland (well independence movements is cheating)?
And don't use the presence of quislings as proof that it was the Serbs' fault, unless you also want to say that the French were all Nazis because of the existence of Vichy.
Were you one of those Jihadi Warriors?
My town because its the poorest town in my country and my country is the poorest in europe
i (and), a (conjunction for two actions that are not same or related), u (in), o (about), k (towards), s (with)
What is the parallel in Crimea?
The result is far fewer people smoke.
I was thinking more on a subtitle differences in a meaning of words and phrases, their places and roles in the sentences
Ukrainan: 10-15%, sounds like a harder version of Russian, it's kinda strong and fast, it sounds like a mix between Polish and Russian
It's that dimension from Minecraft, am I right
she was keen to practice English
Since when is the United States the arbiter of morality and rights?
(Probably that we will take more refugees) and many other examples
Also years later, on this date, the Candlemas Constitution was adopted.
&#x200B;
Well try asking the land about its nationality
Indeed, I have no words to describe how absurd this allegation is.
Glasovna promena L u O. L prelazi u O kad se nadje na kraju sloga, "vol" je postalo "voo" i onda se desilo sažimanje vokala pa su 2 O postala 1
Thank you for coming to my ted talk
It's possible to go have a beer/coffee with almost anyone without even knowing their name and became friends
~~English name~~  american way of pronaunciaction of Scott is prounaunced as serbian word skot (basterd)
The war was also started by them, why start a war you are not prepared to fight?
Not to mention it's not Russias trojan horse, if you think like this, please back it up.
Hungary accepted Romania, so it will Croatia with Serbia.
I mean the only notable ressistance you had against Ottomans was by a half-Serb lol.
It's pretty much de facto 2nd official language in Latvia.
everywhere is like that on paper, but what is actually being done?
He was arrested by Yugoslav partisans and he auto defenestrated himself while waiting his trial
Well, it's useful if you want Hungarian passeport, but that's only for Vojvodina
By doing so, it means that she will supposedly be in charge, and run the house
i'd live in France, but not in Paris rather some city on western coast,
Belgrade is called Beograd in Serbian
A friend of mine went to a team building in Russia, they flew 2 hours away from Kazan with a helicopter in the woods and brought a doctor with them just in case
And I believe we are about same as our neighbours.
Korinđanje - in Serbia or atleast in the Banat region, this used to be like our own halloween
The person is then offered non fasting food, and he should take the first bite
The colonisers (EU) have to give money to their colony (Serbia)
I use Latin on the internet but i write in cursive Cyrillic most of the time as force of habit
They could stay, but nobody is idiotic enough to stay in an area where aren't any friendly forces to protect you.
We decided to go somewhere w public transport and they had these sci-fi looking train/busses which had screens in them,went a million km per hour and I basically couldn't hear them
And I think that will actually bring stability to Europe.
Congrats Serbia, can you leave us alone now?
Personally, I am against labels, and I judge a person by the weight of their character, not ethnicity or race, however, there are many people here in Balkans who are the opposite
Drekavac, the spirit of an unbaptized child, small, hairy, bugeyed, emits a blood chilling shriek at night.
Podgorica Assembly, which took place in November 1918, organised by Serbian government committee, illegally decided to unify Montenegro and Serbia.
"So what's the difference
It's not even only the typical Russia, Turkey, Serbia, England etc but rather just about any country.
They killed a lot of civilians
I am personally fine with trans people, I wouldn't have a problem using their preferred pronouns either but I don't think that forcing diversity upon people just for the sake of it is the right way.
We have a sham here
Theres also a video on pornhub of him fucking his citizens (not litteraly but metaphorically)
It builds up
It is because the way women are treated in a country is much more important than the sex of its president/leader.
The money is there, they can pick it up at 10AM, 3PM, tomorrow, or whenever...
If we really want to stereotype then my guess is that a muslim would much more likely downvote this than a Trump supporter.
It builds up
A little long post:
What the hell will happen, will they have to divide every village?
To = That
Here's the one of him justifying Albania retribution and mass expulsion and terror of Serbs from Kosovo post 1999
I'll probably get downvoted for saying this because Verhofstadt is viewed as some kind of a demigod on this subreddit but man, this was an amazing burn!
They do not stem from the fact that Israelis are Jewish.
Ain't you currently being invaded by Bosnia
It gives you more choice of where to buy stuff, and lets you buy in bulk, which is always cheaper.
In Serbia people who call themselves nazi or racist are mostly some hooligan firms who follow that skinhead culture there are not many of them and I don't see that there can be a lot of secrets about or secret plans around them they mostly seem as some hooligans who want to act most aggressively against mainstream, on other side I heard that Arayan brotherhood in the US does drug trade so I guess that there are some secrets there to be protected
Quite a few thinkg I would say
Speaking of Orban, it seems he wants to bring Slovenia and Serbia into V4, and form his block inside EU
I'll make a little ranking:
No it certanly is not
I’m an early riser, but with this summer time schedule, I feel like the day is passing more quickly and I never have enough time
i mean, if you weren't trolling you would know no one went to become a jannissary voluntarily.
But I bet you couldn't point Serbia on map, so I knew you werent looking for constructive discussion
Joking aside, I moved out sometime around 25, my friends moved out anytime between 18-30, though later was more common
Also Nedođija, meaning Neverland, likely not having anything to do with Neverland from Peter Pan
It doesn’t matter if he did shelter Serbs
What other geopoltical path is viable?
He spoke of that calmly just as you did, like people were livestock.
Tokyo (capital)
I am from Serbia and my friend lives in UK.
Mostly because you shouldn't disturb him while driving
10 dinar: a gum or two
Kosovo is an integral part of Serbia.
Montenegro is way ahead of us and even they are taking a while with the negotiations.
It has to be in defense of similar threat against your life, but basically, you’re going to prison if you kill somebody in self defense if the attacker didn’t shoot at you
Oh and most things like )(\*(#($)&#)$(<L><?": are completly diffrent keys
Germany
This is very hard to answer for a Serbian, as Serbia's borders and the Serbian cultural area changed all the time
I'm killing my free time with some League of Legends and CS:GO
We already had 2
“Ukrainians want to live like normal people, not in shit, like you [in Russia].”
We also use same word for Shotgun and gun -
Not defending all actions of Serbia in the 90s, just pointing out the double standard
Kosovo Serbs asked Russian Federation to issue them Russian citizenship (so they can become Russian minority), but they got rejected unfortunately.
Wow samo su ostavili frend
18 years later the battle of Kosovo happened starting the Ottomans invasion
Thanks for writing "TIGER" on it.
But yes, even the US
That's a little less hysteric than OP.
I also disagree about the Balkans: Putin will go berserk if someone wants to "steal" his favorite Serbia, not to mention the problems Macedonia could bring.
I don't know much about the first question.
To be honest Serbians know very little about the Netherlands and I'm sure the Dutch don't know much about us either
Your example would be more similar to Serbia-Albania or Turkey-Greece.
yet hasn't given anything in return.
That, for example, is far from the regular Ottoman modus operandi.
I hear it everyday
The largest country by area fully in Europe
[Treaty of Pozarevac/Passarowitz was signed in my city in 1718]
Unfortunately i am not a hero, and i will be leaving as soon as possible.
Look at either the 3rd or 4th chart.
Been somewhere with my family it was nice
I've been in Croatia, Bosnia, Serbia and Montenegro and I didn't see anyone doing it, either.
We've been waiting for the third one long enough
Banat did not have a Hungarian majority or even plurality.
For me and a lot of people it is communist yugoslav flag
If an Uncle is married to a sister of either of your parents, then he is called "Teča".
Even in LIDL
[this] is the biggest meme-song here right now hah
We were under Ottoman Empire for a long period so we picked up some Turkish words like peškir (towel),  alat (tools), bakar(copper), bubreg(kidney), burek(basically a pie made from meat), ćuprija(a thing in front of a house where you usually park your car), čaršav(sheet), čarape(socks), česma(water thing that you drink from), čelik(steel) etc
There was the [Fischer-Kontroverse] that said Germany was the most blame-worthy of the European countries.
Yes, we need more families living in hotels, and two bedroom apartments that cost €1,500 a month.
Not really, one of the more popular names right now
All of our technicians wear beards
And I consider myself introvert
As wise people said, every problem has it's roots in certain event that happened in the past
Good thing Serbia is not in EU.
For Serbia, every orthodox in Kosovo was by default Serbian.
Two thirds of the Serbian-flaired posters I see on this sub are crazy nationalists.
Banat would be ^^^almost whole again.
A Serb who never drove a lada
Yugoslavia is in none of those groups.
Au da, zaboravio sam na te Bucko goveđe-pileće monstruoznosti.
Montenegro, shitload of retards here (and there) think Montenegro should be part of Serbia, we could fix it by finally agreeing if we are seperate or not
Independent countries may not have existed, but Croatian, Serbian, Ruthenian, etc.
It is more common in rural areas, plus it depends on your neighborhood, but I know many people who are just fine with it
Is really Montenegro with population of half a million, or Serbia with pop 7 million something that will destroy us apart?
Check your country, then talk about others, everyone knows what is Greece in the last 3-4 years.
Bosnia almost annexed by Serbia?
He's pro american and will like/hate countries depending on how it fits his country's interests.
I would use seljaci instead of seljani, but we get the point
In Serbia we have besides Christmas and all other European holidays a Slava which is like a family patron saint that you celebrate with your family and friends and they are usually in late fall or winter, so by drinking and having fun we endure long and cold winters
They sent an ultimatum to investigate it in our territory.
It really depends how fluent you are in Serbian.
It has been like that for ages, and this is not the first time.
It's even funnier when you realize that he has a Serbian flare and he's Croatian.
Giving the current situation, I can't be in favor of any country joining the EU at the moment.
To annex again, you first need to annex it once.
Serbs exterminated us whenever and wherever they could.
Living in Switzerland without a bank account is basically impossible
I love both but cats are more laidback and lazy like me so I can just procrastinate the whole day with a partner
Besides the religious/linguistic/cultural ties, they look at Russia as a natural ally and one of the only countries they stuck up for them in the 90's.
I think that their language and names are based on Welsh and Irish mythology
But that's what many people are saying.
Our feelings for Croatia are, lets say mixed
Tho we have 5 or so epic cycles of poems dealing with serbian history
as saddened as i am with the situation, i fully support the comment above yours.
780 or 630, first known ruler of Serbia Viseslav ruled from 780 to 829, so excluding Turkish and periodic Byzantine rule we've  existed in some form for 1240 up to 1390 years but including Turkish and periodic Byzantine/Bulgarian  rule it would be something like 850 or 1000 years
My wife says she has never eaten boiled potatoes on a plate and doesn't know any friends who do either.
edit: and of course, very similar cuisine and love of rakija
As if this entire thread wasn't a deliberate bait so the Turks could whine about how they've been unfairly victimized.
German speaking region in Italy.
I'm sure that the man in that position deserves to burn in hell, if that place exists, but not to be sent in this maner
We weren't really friendly but we had a common enemy
on Christams day we make special food [česnica] you put gold coin (well today just regular one) and who gets it in his slice he will have forntune that year
Amazing country one of the most beautiful i been to
napredak
The rest is history
The medical exams here involve you basically stripping down to your underwear so the measurement of height and weight would be the most accurate.
Shhh don't try to reason with facts about Russia on r/europe, you will be just labeled as a Putinbot.
Montenegro since we are nearly the same people but the politicians (cough cough Đukanović) try to divide us
Here's a joke about pretending to speak Hungarian for you OP:
I saw that video, that's so insane lmao
The company itself provides the laptops, phones, drinks, and taxi cards to drive around free of charge
Beograd - White city
Not longer after they invade Iraq on some bogus claims and after it, it was Lybia, Paquistan, Syria, Yemen, however.
Atleast that is what people do from my experience, so dog doesn't suffer and grief for so long
You have been to Kosovo but not to Serbia lol that's a rare one (unless you count Kosovo as a part of Serbia idk what's your view on that)
Eh Philip IV was overall a terrible ruler, he was too busy organizing hunting events, ordering paintings of himself and partying in his palace.
Yeah
It's mostly praying to God that he leads our country and people, but it's pretty nice song on my opinion
&#x200B;
Sad oni imaju reci koje speluju skoro identicno, ali ih izgovaraju dosta drugacije (pogotovu danci).
don't worry about it, take it easy :)
The languages I find appealing are Germanic (most notably Dutch), Nordic (most notably Icelandic and Norwegian), Slavic (most notably Slovak, Polish and Serbian) and Greek.
Even during the days of Yugoslavia, there were many Montenegrins that didn't consider themselves Serbs which is why Montenegro wasn't part of Serbia proper.
Why is the thumbnail that Russian kids cartoon?
I don't care if they are our enemy
I'd love to live in Greece
But I suggest to go on site of UK and see what is the law.
Let's see
She is still with her husband and more famous than ever
We are actually pretty similar if you leave religion and politics out of the mix, but no one really wants to admit that
Interesting, because *revnost* here means "zeal, enthusiasm".
Same except I understand Polish because of my Polish mum
Bosnia
How do people see the current government
British isles always have almost no wildlife
With that said, I am not saying we should throw away every single thing they claim, but we should be really careful and critical if they claim something without evidence.
Why do they hate Vatican lol
By this logic Crimea's case is more lawful because as rigged and compromised it was, it still had a referendum vote.
I fucking love bread
Proper work clothing (brand new) is expensive.
How shitty is the reality where scientists working to save lives earn 3
if he was arrested earlier or later he would probably be extradited.
(In Serbia there are 8 grades)
There are a few words I wouldn't recognise on their own, but context helps (e.g. *hidlinweys, kythed, sauf,* etc
Funnily enough it's not a rare case that some members of the family speak montenegrin while the others speak serbian
After emerging from the mud of the bottom of the river, adults only have a few hours to mate before they die with the sunset
Love for burek, too (though there are some disagreements about its classification and subtypes)
Massacring military personnel in times of war (around 5 thousand Serbian soldiers altogether from 1876 to 1878) is light years apart from expelling tens of thousand of civilians (Čedomir Popov mentions 30 thousand) after the war was over
On top of that anyone who happened to be traveling was not allowed to vote and was held up at the border, the same way they forbid Vlado Georgiev, probably most famous musician from Montenegro to enter the country during the vote yesterday
He didn't hijack anything, he won fair and square.
I don't recall seeing any of this except in newspapers, simply as paying respect to the deceased.
security guard
Sfar as I'm aware, it's common with younger people who don't have very stable jobs, but with people who do it depends on what the conversation is and who they are talking to, so I think it is quite rarer
You are recognising a part of our country and you bombed us
So it's not a Serbian-Albanian thing, and saying that the expulsion of 1878 is a revenge for those events is all kinds of misleading
Oh absolutely, and as it usually goes, we're reporting truth about you guys too.
Ze is for green algae on the sea floor
Sadly Vucic won with like 48% in elections this year.
I don't mind Serbia becoming a member.
50$ here
Even we are good with Bulgaria now and we had a milenium of wars lol
Their opposition often personified in Nikola Pašić as well as the Karađorđević dynasty are more often romanticized by pro-Russian populists
N-Unforgetable fun(Незаборавна забава)
it's odd if you don't have one
well considering how major newspapers in the USA were clearly pro-clinton I'm not surprised.
It was meant to be purely political and it was a provocation from the Serbian government.
That's just not true
Is this what you are thought in school?
1783,34
I didn't feel anything, for reference I'm from Vojvodina (Novi Sad specifically) which borders Croatia
It could lead to another war with thousands of death and hundreds of thousands of lives destroyed for what
Serbian should always be "sneg/снег" since it uses both scripts
How did you have photographers in 1860s when your country has been made in 21st century
Thank you, Bulgaria, Croatia, Germany and Turkey for not killing all of us when you had your chance
Even though the differences between standard shtokavian Croatian and kajkavian are bigger than between Croatian and Serbian.
They only trapped one Balkan country
Plural: хвала вам
I think Hitler was a political genius
Of course, every atrocity has its roots which aren't impossible to understand, quite the contrary, it's absolutely necessary
I don't know my neighbours, but some of my friends do and talk with them sometimes
For paperwork there is also a patronymic
Most of these people live in poor villages working in farms, it won't really make a difference where they get moved.
i don't think anything changed from its original state to an americanised state.
Ughhh it's a similar situation in Serbia
yes with sour cabbage but its not the best dish
You can see troops walking around, it used to be much more back in the days whan conscription was mandatory.
Vel, Dis iz hau it luks lajk
Expensive hookers
Its kimdof ironic when you think aboit it
Some kind of soup + vegeta definitely
Leading the way:
I really like Portugese history.
So even though we have actual reality to show us that there are actual solutions that mostly work you want to not use the systems that work
The worthless sidekicks of the victorious powers dividing the spoils.
There's a barbeque festival in my city every year and usually the first night there's tons of fireworks
Judging by Internet, you'd think Serbia would be >90%.
If it's citizenship by ancestry I'm in favour of it
The northern province of Serbia, Vojvodina is really diverse with 6 official languages (Serbian, Croatian, Hungarian, Slovakian, Romanian and Rusyn)
The revenge was carried out against someone other than the perpetrator
Also check if it's possible to use your EU passport for travel within the EU even for some time after expiry.
Increasing Serbia's prosperity doesn't take prosperity away from anyone else
Serbia is the most loyal Russian puppet but I agree that we have Putinbots here though.
They don't have a reaction, never heard of Serbia
jesus christ, i haven't killed your family why are you so hostile.
It was Albanians who did not want to become Muslim.
But I guess that's the only way to shut up those Serbian ultra-nationalists.
In Serbia, we give presents on New Year (1
The article didn't specify, just that he was taken in.
Google it, see it's demographics, maybe Albanians changed their name to Serbs, god knows.
Serbia picks his nose when noone is looking.
I am speaking for Serbia here and I'd say the quality of Serbian music is much, much trashier than in other countries atm
It's today an official part of Serbian Cultural Heritage according to UNESCO.
I'm just very interested to discover why some of the relationships are what they are and **if** this study is somehow culturally biased such that it more accurately reports on say British or German cultures and less accurately on say Serbian or Estonian cultures.
Maybe the villages where are situated inside forests where guns are used for hunting are more used.
Unless it is required or if I'm filling a form that's in cyrillic for example, I'd go for cyrillic then
Our schools have a big amount of students, and you can't just put them all in the school at the same time
This sounds like a pre-internet times rumour.
"Kosovo" and "kosovars" are the names of the region and people living in that region, it has nothing to do with cultural and physiological origins.
Why do we have to be dicks to Americans?
Mentality-wise, more and more people every year support the EU, but it's still around 60-70%. However, if a condition to join the EU was to give up Kosovo without getting anything back, the support would drop to less than 5%. The whole situation, as it is the case with the Balkans, is quite complicated
But 1) that's set as a long term goal, meaning they don't focus on it; 2) their commitment to it appears to be vague
Somewhat true but not completely, first they moved and then they converted later during the 18th century
Dude, the typical American probably couldn't tell you what continent Serbia was on.
Though it would be good to have some restrictions (at least annoying kids would be moved out from clubs)
How certain tenses are built; so basically I knew grammar but didnt know how it was built)
At the end factory was bombed in 1999, what was left of it was bankrupted and sold to the Americans
And yet at the same time, politicians aren't being assertive enough towards Russia, even though it's been said time and time again that Russia respects strength above all else.
Don't forget Adolf
Above a z it makes it have a zh sound or like the French j, above an s it makes it have a sh sound.
I don’t want to talk about it
The body of works of Serbian epic poetry is massive too:
We have that in Serbia as well - Vojvodina was under Austrian control in the past, and most of the country south of Danube and Sava under Ottoman control, and the difference is striking.
what's the point of political correctness?
Why don't international linguists consider Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian and Montenegrin as a same language as well?
Rural areas sure, but I've never had issues communicating with locals in any city, bigger town, or tourist destinations, and I've been lucky enough to travel a lot
This is why you can't have nice things, Serbia!
It was in good relation with the Soviet Union until 1948 but never aligned with them, never part of the warsaw pact etc.
I would say we have even higher number of unregister weapons, since there is a tradition to keep your armament from wars, since every few decades someone decides its a good idea to wage a war or invade us
Electricity(AC current)
it's got to be done with democracy and liberty
Diggi kom mal Tipico
You can have stereotypes and ask about them or you can skip them
Ketchup & sour cream
Some of the villages are completely empty and they look pretty creepy with all the empty houses and barns
Fictional character that won a local election is running for President of Serbia
And (at least in my school) nobody knows the cursive for Latin after 4th grade, and everyone freaks out when we have to write something in it
Congratulations to the Turkish authorities!
Unbelievable amount of corruption and stupidity
The Fiesta was born and bred in Ford Europe.
It's going to be a long way to the EU...
Ah yes, a man of culture
Yes
But the university itself is not that prestigious, some faculties within it are.
They would have Bale as a winger and Ramsey as midfielder so I don't know why they shouldn't.
I was just trying to prove my point that calling Yugoslavia a 'Greater Serbia' is ludicrous
The whole idea is based on nationalism and hatred of Albanians.
I'm just saying this because people tend to grab onto the story of the Iron Curtain, rightfully dismiss communism, and then use "socialism" as a dirty word, even though it has many uses in modern civilization.
wasn't Anahita also a Persian goddess
There might be a few in Belgrade only.
The difference here being in government and people, Albanian government in Kosovo, does in fact treat them like heroes, Serbian government extradited all its war criminals and they have been processed in the ICTY.
What narrative, mate
I think former Belgrade mayor had some shady dealings connected to your government
Anyone got any idea how long it will take for the accession process to be completed and Serbia to join?
pretty obviously should've never been separated from Serbia.
I'm 13 and I live in Serbia aaaaaand
After entering: Serbian government says EU should mind own business, reverses democratic and judicial reform.
I'm from an underdeveloped Eastern European country and most young people I've met (lets say people in high school and college) are perfectly capable of watching a movie in English and understand what's going on
Moreover, they were made martyrs by the Hungarian government.
Wait, you don't learn printed-like in school
Grimey and rough around the edges , but with character is how I would describe it ( being destroyed and rebuilt 40 times does that to you)
Serbia is no China and Kosovo is a far cry from Taiwan.
I'm from Vojvodina (northern Serbia) and my grandparents from both sides had only those kind of decks
Your fathers brother is your stric while your mother's is ujak.
I hope she didn't get spoiled by capitalism, like most women in former Yugoslavia did.
Awesome picture
Here in Serbia, police units are divided by municipalities, for example, Belgrade has 17 police prefectures because it has 17 municipalities, alternatively, most towns (usually a town is a municipality, Belgrade and larger cities have several municipalities) have 1-2 police stations (depending on size) and a outpost in almost every village which is part of that specific municipality.
I swear, people these days could be offendend by anything
The germans, Americans, Russians, Polish, French, Italian, Serbian, Bosnians, Croatians, Wallachias, Ottomans, Tuks, etc..
>A proper pronunciation would use a hard 'ch'
"Za je za zapaliti svet"
*Zahvaliti* - *to say thanks*
It's not like the UK and France didn't have their fair share of screwing things up.
We are taught in schools to hate each other and think the other side is the agressor, which is not true
NOT
Instead of the tossing of the garter, the groom will cast an apple that has coins embedded in it over the bride’s head to all of the single gentlemen
But it was just a train after all.
Israel is a small country, so the idea isn't all that odd (large countries are always untouchable).
january (like Russians, cuz our Orthodox church still uses old calendar)
thousands, millions etc don't have separators, even tho sometimes a space is used, while decimals are separated by commas
Serbians do have positive feelings about Chinese
Mindblown
Whether it was a pr or stunt or not, you are not a feminist if you act apologetic towards Islam.
I'm not sure it's a fair comparison, the economic inequality is vast in the US, but even with it, the US has GDP per capita that is even higher than that of Sweden
All Balkan countries do
"Build a hydralisk" no comment on my country
Should random people commenting on Reddit really affect your opinion on how the EU should be viewed?
There might not be a war again in Kosovo
"Stand up to my wife" its impossible my good neighbours
I'll try to put something useful
Living in Switzerland without a bank account is basically impossible
I just think that there is no reason we shouldn't be proud about medieval Serb states
The argument is not whether or not Crimea will ever be reunited with Ukraine but whether or not it *should* be.
Unfortunately this took place in Serbia during the anti-government demonstrations last summer (you can see the most famous incident [over here] This came as a schock to our society, because we haven't seen that kind of police brutality since demonstrations against Milošević in the '90s.
not to mention how pro-russian the serbian general population is,Serbia would just be another russian trojan horse used to destroy the EU from within.
Bounty hunters are illegal pretty much everywhere except in America
Other countries that they conquered, not colonised.
True,giving North Kosovo to Serbia won't destabilize the region as much as Kosovo's Independence did.
According to u/hoffi_coffi, health care in the UK is free.
Bot wtf Dude I didnt write any racists word :O
Night life is great, Novi Sad is Europe's Youth capital this year I think
Russophilia is still strong in Serbia too and that has been the case for at least the last two hundred years, both among the common people and with the more patriotic part of intelligentsia.
Almost any Hollywood movie that has a serb character in it
Hearts of Iron 4: haven't played it much, only tried one game with Germany so far
And also Luxembourgish is a retarded name for a language, almost as bad as Romansh imo
Barely 50% of people voted in the last parliamentary elections.
Actually, according to pornhub statistics, you guys would prefer to sleep with your own mothers.
We would quickly then continue in English if we see that they are struggling, but would give them a chance
Fucking tell me about it mate...
Petition to make [this] Serbias new anthem.
This is also why the EU is helpful, because when half of Europe has the same or similar worker rights and tax rates, the companies don't have much choice
Bruh, if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all
In literally means Healthy and Hello
What
precisely what i do most of the time
Everyone
EU had 70% support in Serbia in early 2000's. But unlawful recognition of Kosovo and uninventive " carrot and stick " strategy as well as supporting the authoritarian regime for over 10 years is not yielding results
Well your guys fucked up as much as the dutch did, I guess.
Karaj me - a verb meaning "scold me", but in jargon meaning "fuck me".
Not every "eastern european" country needs to end in "-ia".
The whole package
Love the map 10/10
Romania, we've been neighbours for centuries and yet never went to war against each other and we always helped each other as well in medieval times our noble families often married into each other
You should keep away from the terror targets like France, UK, Germany.
Džip - from Jeep, a 4x4 vehicle
Thou I would vote for the one that created four wars three with our closest neighbors and one with f**ing NATO
now that you mention it
40 years sounds quite optimistic to be honest.
[as i said, too bad history isn't such a narrow thing] It was a back and forth
Regardless that doesn't mean that they should accept everyone.
>(Za is for burning the world)
In Serbia, we have two official alphabets: cyrillic (traditional) and latin
which says a lot about our style in fucking i guess
Nah, if you have to drink to tolerate turbofolk then you aren't from Balkans.
They may be Christian traditions, but only because they were started by Christian people, not because they have something to do with God.
They are since the last year with [this] song.
Maybe the north part of Vojvodina, bc its full of Hungarians
Yea let us punish the war criminals by bombing innocent civilians and ruining their infrastructure!
"-I don't know, man, change the word order
"That's what Serbia gets for starting wars."
Dont have Soros foundations in Serbia?
Also I know people born in Novi Sad like to call people who come to live there "dođoš" which has sort of look down on feel to it, meaning "the one who came".
>Or it would galvanize the population to become Uber patriotic and nationalistic
You can also add Russia in the mix, which is the reason why Caucasus struggle (being inbetween Middle East and Russia)
Only then can others continue with their normal eating
The second one is well preserved in a closed area which can be looked at through a window in a cafe or on a street
Bosnia and Hercegovina has free primary and secondary school
Sto odvoji KiM
Skip the line if you don't want to wait, it's ok
It's beautiful :o
But the majority of people in Serbia definetly prefers dogs
I don't like this, people these days are so easy in labeling people, a nazi there a libtard here, yeah sure a nazi these days is going to claim that he isn't a nazi but if you call everyone with whom you disagree a nazi than you are probably the nazi
What a dumb and false statement with absolutely no historical evidence to back it up
We won both Balkan wars
Because that letter sounds like something Serbs would do.
And another one from, let's say Yugoslavia
Latin:
There were 194.000+ Serbs in 1991, after the insurgency and the war, only estimated 90 000 to 100 000 remain in Kosovo today, so the Serbian number was literally halved in the span of 5 years.
oh so i'm not the only one who noticed his pattern of obsessive posting about two subjects - estonia in nordic and russia.
I'd say its pretty common to hunt rabbits and eat them here in Serbia
(Not counting Croatian and Bosnian)
It’s definetely a thing
Ah Serbian, such a beautiful language.
Ethnic cleansing didn't create a Serb majority, it was always there.
But it seems to have been a back and forth between us for centuries with these sort of events
I cringe when ppl call them Kosovars
Closest you would get to a firepower ranking is globalfirepower.com
So people are seeing material gains for country instead of Monetary and that's why you have this graph
Trains require much more stable routes and traffic, which would probably happen if it was connected system, but still
I didn't realise that RS is a part of Serbia already.
Edit for clarification: by bilingual, I meant that they're able to communicate in English without a huge problem, not that they're absolutely flawless in speaking it
I am not from the region, nor do I really have a dog in the game but I must admit I find this to be a somewhat ironic slogan for Serbia as you know the land of news beginnings for Bosnia, Croatia, Macedonia, Slovenia and Kosovo as independent countries.
Sienna
If Serbia recognises Kosovo as independent, the EU nations who do not recognise Kosovo will recognise it as well.
The Serbian ministry of culture has submitted a proposal to name a park in Belgrade after the Alexandrov choir.
Well, the first two are the lakes actually.
Not in a literal military sense, unless we are talking about ww1.
I'm doing fine after meeting you.
That distinction has been perverted for political reasons, starting in communist Yugoslavia but especially in more recent times (last 20ish years).
I'm 20 and still living with parents and I don't have a car, yet.
But it's not common as in most people eat various meat all the time (except hunters), but then again nobody will think of it as anything out of the ordinary
Once for a brief time
If you don't get the reference, our current President (Vucic" wrote a book called "Gay fart Tony Blair" after the '99 bombings
That wouldn't have saved the Balkans from the Turks
^jus ^jokin ^bro ^u ^know ^we ^love ^u ^4eva
To me, it still feels like there's quite a socio-cultural "wall" between Italy and Slovenia/"Yugoslavia."
Serious question how do you even know if someone is Serbian in Croata?
or any war that happened on Balkans
The songs that every Serbian knows are the following:
No, because the arab men wear [this] which covers head similarly to hijabs.
This is very smart, i was thinking he is headed to gas station where you can find fire extinguishers.
I spent one month in Croatia and it was awesome!
Okay that's good from Serbia but seriously why are churches and monasteries a reason to reclaim Kosovo?
Clinton bombed a country (Serbia) that was traditionally our ally.
And like 3 days ago it was very hot
You guys are all speaking the same language
In Serbo-Croatian, *hvala* can also mean *praise*, although it's a bit archaic
Yet Venezuela has food riots and Serbia seems like a decent almost mid-income country.
So was the Soviet Union, but they weren't fun to be a part of either.
It's the most fucked up thing because it was a giant stab in the back against our closest ally organized by a power-hungry delusional centralistic monarchy ran by depraved men
I'm a native speaker of Serbian, speak some Russian and was exposed to some Ukrainian when I was on exchange there
We wear a badge on a black-green ribbon around 11th November
California becoming de facto independent is highly unlikely because the US military would just move in and squash any separatist movement.
Background: Am learning Serbian but have Western Slavic (i.e., not ex-YU) roots.
Shtokavian is the native language spoken in Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia, and parts of Croatia.
You still keep saying nothing beside accusing me of this and that.
I think this is changing with films like Montevideo coming out and the current President Aleksandar Vučić trying to whitewash the fascist leaning Prime Minister Milan Stojadinović.
[Merry Christmas from Serbia :)]
Drinking from the flask:
Bulgarian: 20-35%, people speak very fast so it's hard to understand but I could understand if they spoke with very basic words and sentences
And č, ž and š are part of our alphabet (guess where we got it from )
Its hard af
the international community does not wish to reward ethnic cleansing.
Janjićije Popović, a Kosovo Serb community leader in the period prior to the Balkan Wars, noted that after the 1876–8 wars, the hatred of the Turks and Albanians towards the Serbs 'tripled'. A number of Albanian refugees from Toplica region, radicalized by their experience, engaged in retaliatory violence against the Serbian minority in Kosovo
Im sorry you civilized man from country that slaved half of the world.
Yeah, I think so
In a word:No
Ustaše had sought the advancement of an ethnically “pure” Croatia, collaborating with the Nazis in the persecution and killing of minority ethnic groups
i can almost guarantee they would have had no qualms about kill all of the dutch soldiers.
Looks really nice
H is pronounced as H in hard, hot, hell
We need to see the ISS next
do I actually need to write anything here
When Nazis came, almost all Jews were killed.
We were the second state in Europe to abolish feudalism btw:))
Man Serbia, Bosnia and Macedonia look depressing...
Albanians on the north, Serbs and some Hungarians on the south
I think grammar is a bit complicated for foreigners because there are 7 cases you need to learn, and every things has its "gender" so to say which you have to really master if you want to be indistinguishable from native speakers
Shhh, you are thinking objectively, they are gonna skin you alive for this ;)
But most people dont know about an old symbol of the serbian people, a boar with an arrow to its forehead
The feeling is mutual, I think that our government should bring more exposure of Serbs to the Baltic states, they would be avoiding EU like vampires avoid cross
Serbs fled to Austria and Venetian republic as they were trying to save themselves from the Ottomans, why would anyone go to Bosnia?
Russia is no different than any other major world power.
Wild boars got off the Ratno ostrvo and we're going through the streets of Belgrade
You literally didnt defend a single stance of yours
I know you are anti-russian in everything, but that doesn't mean you should be hypocritical, i just hope one day Russia pushes for independence of Russian part of Estonia, so i can enjoy doing to you people what you did to Serbs.
They disagree with my completely perfect and correct views, must be brainwashed.
Kaladont, basically you say a word f.e. crvena (red) then the next player must take the last syllable, in this case "NA" and his word must start with that that syllable
No money, destroyed roads, factories and most of infrastructure.
Not saying it was going to be a good thing, but it is a well established imperial practice.
Chocolate
Maybe Serbia needs some Freedom
It is very high on my wishlist
During the “Buying the Bride” custom, the groom’s brother will put money in the bride’s shoe and spin in it three times
видиш да је неки дебил
Yeap, can confirm sounds slavic
im saying she personally and the way she approaches things is annoying
We don't have continuum with medieval Serbian state (or rather states)
There is even a video of some Algerian dude thats saying how they should kill all french people while albanians should kill all Serbs and take our organs
Russian/Belorussian/Ukranian is the hardest, I understand very little when conversing with a speaker mostly I understand a few words here and there
Most if not all Yugoslav politicians made terrible decisions which doomed the whole of Yugoslavia
No surprise at all
At this point he's just a laughing stock.
Croatia by far
You should really visit official UN website with list of countris and their borders
Load coil(Google it)
From the collapse of the ussr country went to shit and he somewhat rebuilt it
These RAD FC fans are bunch of skinheads idiots though.
There's no interacting among strangers, only between friends and mutual friends.
Your typical overhyped travel super fun yeehaw video, if you're into that kind of stuff.
And i am not sure about croatia it uses something called "kuna" so it shouldnt be blue
The most offensive thing u can say to a Serb in my opinion
You wanted a fish, The chef wants to cook you a fish, but the majority of the staff wants to cook you a chicken
I don’t know if we have stereotypes
this sounds like pseudoscience
Germans appointed him and during his rule Serbia was partitioned between Albania, Bulgaria, Independent republic of Croatia and Hungary, there was numerous crimes against civilians
Quite nice
Ataturk’s rolling in his grave so fast by now they can generate electricity
EDIT 2: This comment is stupid but I'm leaving it up cause deleting comments is for cowards
Croatian, Serbian, Bosnian, Montenegrin, Slovenian, English, Italian and Veneto.
He is more and more selling domestically and less aboard to help out here, similarly his peers too
The consensus about the mainstream media isn't that much different in other countries.
I see he is the brand there, like in Wien he is everywhere
He needed to die
The problem in the Ukraine is that the Russians could help the separatists with artillery, modern AA weapons and tanks.
But why so suddenly and en masse?
So is Bosnia
Šljivovica means from plum, šljiva - plum
lot's of people in America that have 6 figure wages could afford this place but they're not considered really millionaires, as americans buy property with loans, so they wouldn't need to accumulate over a million dollars
This is just awful article from the west to make us seem evil etc.
We should do this with Slavic languages too
That being said, if you yourself are interested in moving a positive direction, your first comment to me should be so aggressive
My post might be a little insulting.
Croatia is having border disputes with its neighbors also.
Croats can apply for a Croatian putovnica at the local embassy and they always get it.
Same thing in Serbia and Bosnia...
We have something similar but it's way less developed and more like
I'm not really sure what's the point of having a mod team, if they don't really give a fuck about moderating this sub.
Najstariji preuzima od oca jer ulgavnom on ostaje u njegovoj kuci da zivi (barem je pre tako bilo)
”. It is believed that the one that the bride pulls by the nose will be the next to get married
Seka Aleksic
Actually its the best way to kickstart the economy back up.
In my entire life I have never heard of anyone else worldwide being named Rolencija, or Rolencia
Whenever I visit home I find it difficult to find a good loaf of bread.
Don't forget Adolf
Beside the obvious, the main concern of the Macedonians (except the genocide suite against Serbia which was denied), is the requirement of the Albanian MPs to force a debate on changing the anthem,symbol,flag of the country, and adopting Albanian as a second official language.
I'm from an underdeveloped Eastern European country and most young people I've met (lets say people in high school and college) are perfectly capable of watching a movie in English and understand what's going on
In other words I have a bad experience with the term and it can very easily lead to "ban anyone who doesn't agree with me" law.
They are the direct descendants of the Eastern Roman Empire
When i posted it only contained the link.
That means deleting facebook, throwing out tv, not visiting any news sites and generally hanging out with people that don't talk about politics
In 1900 Živojin Perić, a Belgrade Professor of Law, noted that in retrospect, 'this unbearable situation probably would not have occurred had the Serbian government allowed Albanians to stay in Serbia'. He also argued that conciliatory treatment towards Albanians in Serbia could have helped the Serbian government to gain the sympathies of Albanians of the Ottoman Empire
Something something
Now I'm yearning for it so thanks.
Because this is how you get the Queen imposing absolute monarchy and ending Brexit
Huh
'A Balkan event without at least 3 dead people is considered a dull affair'
The internet
It's top three interesting things are the tower, the cathedral, and then the Subway nearby
We use a card or cash, but there's a special trick
well yep you bullshitted as i thought.
I used to bring my girlfriend over and she'd usually stay longer than a week, sometimes a month or two and no one had problem with that
For sure Russia has a high influence in nations such as Greece , Serbia , Bosnia (most orthodox states) but what are these states compared to west states .
If you are interested in this topic I recommend you the book ‘Za i protiv Vuka’ by Meša Selimović.
In January the Hungarian General Directorate of Water Management sent the icebrakers Szechenyi, Icebraker XI, Icebraker VI and Icebraker VII boats (yep, perfect names) on request to help the Serbian and Croatian authorities on the Danube to open a 80-100 metres wide channel in the ice.
Moscow is more than ready to use Serbs to make problems for the EU in case it needs to.
There also used to be a "homekeeping" (domaćinstvo) class, but it got canceled nation-wide during the early '90s.
My god, I thought you guys were messing around until I used Google translate
I agree, drugs should be legalised, because no matter how much you fight it, junkies will always exist, dealers will always be present, it's better for states to handle an tax clean drugs, than to let dealers spray and mix all kinds of shit.
Scott in serbian (but spelled with k and only one t, same proncinantion) means basterd/son of a bitch
" when someone is trying to be pretentious or something they are not
You need 5 seconds of reading posts from the Baltic users to realize why
>The oldest son takes over his father's slava when he dies, but until then he doesn't have one even if he has his own family
Just baptized name is usually your given name too
I think it is way better for people just to pull over and wait their time
Nilski konj = the Nile horse (hippopotamus)
Sometimes, the 'copying' of colours serves to identify which countries belong to a larger group of countries.
Closest it has ever been to that is the first Balkan war, but then it was nearly everyone vs Ottomans
Because geography itself was inspired and incentivized by the glory and splendor of the magnificent USA
Only people that maybe still see Mladic as a hero are very old uneducated people in rural Serbia
Do they have burn centers in Serbia?
Well if a majority of encounters people have with gypsies is negative can you really blame them for mistrusting and disliking that people group
It's just one guy venting for whatever reason in every thread about Serbia.
[doi] , pp
I think what people don't get is that, while the Nordic countries are *not* socialist, those systems they have today were *built* by socialists and by people who identified as socialists - [Olof Palme called himself a democratic socialist] and it was for a reason: the idea behind democratic socialism and traditional social democracy (that is, at least until the 1970s-1990s) was achieving socialism **gradually**, through piecemeal reforms, and that is still considered the vague ideal today (and I say vague because, all social democratic parties today still retain the goal of "achieving a socialist society" but they do not appear to *actually* be committed to it other than in words)
During that meeting, Mladic accused the Dutch commander of ordering his troops to fire on Serbian forces.
Isn't the far more important question whether or not letting Britain leave is in fact removing sufficiently many Middle Eastern dishes originally based on grilled meat for Serbia to feel comfortable?
I only write my own signature in Cyrillic (which is also in cursive)
That actually sets a dangerous precedent, in which Serbia can sue Albania,Croatia,Bosnia and Hungary.
It's not like people moved forward.
That bastard was born and raised here...he did a lot for us but at the same time completely fucked us up.
We never have more than 7 classes per day, bc first shift would get mixed with second, and second shift would finish it after 8 pm, which is a bit late for the school kids
You aren't fixing your car in the restaurant, that would be weird, right
Staff vas really friendly too
Probably yes in some countries (Russia, Bulgaria), but it's not general rule
Serbs were subjects of the Ottoman empire who were left alone as long as they paid taxes.
Nah i'd say it more like 60%
Like, we even have harder stuff
Also they helped spread obvious fake news about golden showers.
i totally agree with your post, but, isn't that Ebba lady a blonde with blue eyes?
Imagine being such a retard that as a Slavic person you emulate the people that wanted to exterminate your own ethnicity
Eh that really isn't a frenemy
Also, are there any Soviets living in Germany?
Russia really has no stance on this, in fact I think they'd even like us to join because then they'd have an ally on the inside
There was a video of a railroad being mined also..
-"How is a common country with our Croatian brothers going
It's really fascinating how similar in some aspects Slavic languages are, and yet diverge in others
Another problem are the classic western irreligious peeps, that simply don't care about protecting Christianity within France
People see about half of the churches here as their own.
strong currency hurts exports the most
Why bother - they're all bad and corrupt.
It's asking whether your language has a saying for you thanking someone, in the name of your group
Well yes, but if the independence of Kosovo was an illegal act and the majority of EU approves it, what does that say about the EU?
Three thousand three hundred thirty three
I, as much as most of romanians, dislike Russia's political agenda but then again we are their neighbors and also a neighbors of the West and neighbors of Serbia.
Frankly, I don't see what their politics and the fact that they don't match up with the politics of most European countries has to do with it.
BTW it is Herzegovina not Herzegowina
Kosovo is not an integral part of Serbia.
During the “Buying the Bride” custom, the groom’s brother will put money in the bride’s shoe and spin in it three times
a lot of my classmates don't know how to do most things so they ask me to do them
But not all numbers have gender, only one (masculine, feminine and neuter) and two (just m and f)
Spain would love it even more if Kosovo "came to it's senses" and realised it was actually better off being part of Serbia.
That Serbia started WW1 and wars on Balkans in the '90s
Bosnia's government gets nothing done nowadays so people are longing for the days of Tito.
You're joking, WW1 literally started because of Serbian nationalist claims on bosnia.
I'm just a bit confused, who was in the KLA?
A game where you are Grand Prince of Rascia Stefan Nemanja trying to unite divided Serbian states into one to fight against Byzantines, Bulgarians and Hungarians
No cooking, per se, whatsoever
If ya mean the highest court to try someone in a criminal, civil, familiar and so on then it's the " Supreme court of cassation". Weird name I know
I'm interested in how the Bulgarian close to Serbia sounds to you
They only lost the war due to NATO intervention.
The biggest one currently is about Marijuana plantation that was under the protection of current government official
So, if you are sharing a big venue space with another wedding, you will want to be sure that the bride is covered when out and about
It's forbidden love.Best kind of love.Terrific.
Can you share your experiences?
In Kosovo there are somewhere 60K serbs living with guaranteed 10 seats in parliament, official language is serbian, which are things guaranteed with a modern constitution and state.
And my goodness, do I simply love old stereotypical High Germanic sounding names like Ulrika, Hildegard, Astrid, Sigismund, Valdemar, Wilhelmine, Brunhilde - spliced in with the occasional Latin ones like Ursula, Glorianna, Octavia, Beatrix and so on and so forth
I mean, the politicians were definitely to blame, but...
The nearest neighbor house is like 20 meters away from the edge of ours.
The differences in local varieties (Croatian spoken in Zagorje vs.
Same here in Serbia
I'm pretty sure that Croatia being an EU member now means that hostilities between them and Serbia will be confined to Croatia vetoing everything the Serbs try to do (as it is the case now)...
It would be perfect example of natural selection
Wasn't Tito in favor of giving Kosovo to Albania?
In the town where Constantin the Great (also known as the first Christian emperor) was born
• Is this how you run a pan Slavic state
(same as "Macedonian Greeks" in Thessaloniki for example)
We are more like what a child of a Russian and an Italian would be like
Tell that to the millions of victims of Russian **Jews** bloodlust and **Jewish** Bolshevism.
Also when Napoleon invaded the Russian Empire, the Russians had to sign a peace with the Ottomans and leave us to our own faith
Literally everyone here bitches about the government.
I think what people don't get is that, while the Nordic countries are *not* socialist, those systems they have today were *built* by socialists and by people who identified as socialists - [Olof Palme called himself a democratic socialist] and it was for a reason: the idea behind democratic socialism and traditional social democracy (that is, at least until the 1970s-1990s) was achieving socialism **gradually**, through piecemeal reforms, and that is still considered the vague ideal today (and I say vague because, all social democratic parties today still retain the goal of "achieving a socialist society" but they do not appear to *actually* be committed to it other than in words)
Well, Serbia has a chaotic history
You think I want that
"Instrumental Borders of Gender and Religious Conversion in the Balkans". *Religion, State & Society*. **36** (1): 55–63
In Belgrade there is a small chain of pastry shops called "[Ferdinand knedle] and they produce all kinds of different combinations of tastes, both, sweet and salty variations
Its not exactly the same, at all.
Pita, it could be rolled or laminated with filo for pita, and then we have burek, made with filo for burek
Wonderful boy:)
The truth is the authorities of Serbia, with the said discrimination and violence, disenfranchised most of the population (who just happened to be ethnic Albanians)
*Russian*
The Dutch commander haltingly answered 'I am just a piano player, don't shoot the piano player'.
I was replying to your original comment about Serbia starting wars in the Balkans.
Presmesno mi sto se svi posvadjase
Well that's a bit different though.
I'm not sure if it's our local thing
Since when is writing bad things about Milosevic = Bashing Serbia in general ?
For public (buses in towns) it's usually on monthly tickets.
It was mostly Romanian and Serbian, the two countries that got the largest parts of the region; Hungary got a small part in the north.
Ill def check it out soon
Each sound has its exact letter;
Not in the Balkans, that's for sure.
Edit: some more clips:
Croatians who don't speak the kajkavian dialect, Bosnians, and Serbians cannot understand Slovenian.
They're not two very close languages, they're two variants of the same language, and apart from a handful of words they are completely mutually intelligible.
Yeah, Bulgaria seems to be our new best buddy, but in general the whole idea that Romania and Serbia were never at war in their entire history made romanians view Serbia as their best neighbour.
He was not a pre WWII hero in a sense like marshal Peten was, but the Germans used him as somewhat a figure of some authority
It's a real shame, they spat on their audience and legacy
Yeah, that's what made me wonder, Sweden and air pumps
Holy fuck, thats a bad thing, to me personally because when i argue with my peers for Pro EU path, everyone states its impossible in Serbia because of corruption, then i use Romania and its fight against corruption as a success story :/
Another problem are the classic western irreligious peeps, that simply don't care about protecting Christianity within France
Seems like you accidentally also drew kosovo
I don't live with my mother, she lives with me
[Belarus is a sovereign nation and nobody's satellite.]#Diplomatic_tension)
only 1
Nah, we are adopting Montenegrin standard
Yes
Discombobulated
Not sure about flags that arent appreciated
Forgive my cynicism but the region was already interconnected economically and politically not so long ago and that didn't ensure a lasting peace.
It's some psychological thing which i don't understand either.
Haide opa
in old days (pagan) it was belived to you can only be Hexed/cursed if the one who is casting it on you know your name, so 1st presone who gave you name was not your parents it was close persone to them (today its equivalent to godfather), and that persone would be only one who knows your name, later parent picked name that they and other people called you by
Allegations of the plan served as the pretext for NATO bombing of Yugoslavia during the Kosovo War.
Yeah, and Skopje was also a capital of old Serbian empire under King Stefan Dušan, known as "the Mighty".
Yeah "zero gold medals for Serbia"
Italians, Serbs, Croats and Austrians start a war cuz of schnapps...yep, sounds real.
>It was never ours
We have lazy ass politicains that can be paid to do anything
Huddersfield
It was taken in 1914 and depicts Dragutin Matić, a Serbian scout, during the Battle of Drina
Fucking turning lathes
Everyone preasured Serbia tu abolish it (along side one of the most liberal constitution for that time)
lol is this Putin too
Plus, Russia does not have a problem with us joining EU, since we had a pro-EU governments since year 2000.
Rat = War
Well, it was the judgment of the central powers that they would be able to get away with eating Serbia without the other powers making a big deal out of it.
That goes for both elementary and high schools, but somewhere there are schools that only work from 8 am
Patrolling the Croatian boarder almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter
Am I the only one who thinks the opposite
Then you should try going to Bosnia.
EUROPE, WAKE UP
The EU's gun law is a travesty to begin with.
Greece (only NATO country that didn't bomb us, and we are both orthodox)
Sanctions only hurt the people and made them even more anti-west.
Yeah we also have bouquet throwing ofc
The only hostility that I have seen so far comes from federalists and people like Verhofstadt.
That doesn't justify holding a 100 year old grudge to a whole nation but there is a backstory here.
Or the Gorani and Serb parts of Kosovo?
Well, somebody will get butthurt again.
The stakes are high...in my opinion, we are fighting to not become the Adriatic Tartus or Sevastopol, a non-NATO corridor to Serbia.
Puca mi kurac - my dick is popping (can also be used like this: *snapping fingers* "do you hear that
Just goes to show how progressive we were back then (tho Miloš had that moment "eithsr me or the constitution
Hey, thanks for the suggestion.
Problem is not the color of their skin
At least you could have found a historian but I guess their stances wouldn't fit your agenda now would it?
Decidedly Pro-Russian parties such as SRS (The Serbian Radical Party) and "Dveri" got 22 and 13 seats, respectfully.
I only know he views us as more stable then before and will work on the stabilization of Prishtina and Belgrade but how is the key
There is majority muslim population.
That i would dig holes and work in canalisation of some sort of i can correctly translate it
Ahhh, the western Balkans
DO YOU HATE ME THAT MUCH
It did, however, disolve after his death
Both, but teachers prefer cursive
More Baltic states do business and depend on Russia than Serbia actually does.
What happened to Serbia's flag?
Џон мејд хиз веј ту а таверн тру д дарк форест, онли ту фајнд аут дат хи форгот д мани.
It's known as The Emperor's City, since a lot of Roman emperors were born here, the most famous of which being Constantine the Great
No, ajvar is from southern Serbia and northern North Macedonia
I'm always genuinely puzzled how people manage to live on such low salaries, they're just enough to survive but not to actively participate in society.
Serbia says it will retaliate if France refuses to hand over Kosovo ex-PM
there are plenty of muslims in bosnia walking around in niqabs/hijabs
However, if your grades are bad and you do not pass enough exam, you will most likely (depends of how much people actually have good grades and good passing of exams) lose that position and must pay for your next year at faculty.
To be honest Serbians know very little about the Netherlands and I'm sure the Dutch don't know much about us either
But the point is these terms 'nazi' and 'marxist' shouldn't be used so easily
Kosovo was the heart of Serbia for a very long time and was ours until the Americans came alomg and gave it to you.
IMO, and not to offend Turks here but, I believe strongly(from what I gathered so far) that Turkey is heading into the Serbia-Kosovo situation, you cannot solve such an ethnic problem with mere governmental policies.
And every grandmother has an advice or two how to handle the baby
The don't believe in God, they just like the traditions that are big part of Serbian culture
I'm trying to think as an European, not as a Romanian/Hungarian/Serbian/Albanian.
But I don't know if it's even possible to guard Greece, too many islands too close to Turkey - what are they going to do, sink their boats?
There is no way you can compare the two
in general, I read in a previous comment of yours you mentioned Tesla was Serbian and the comment (with the "lol" at the end) seemed more like a provocation than an attempt of a reasonable discussion with valid arguments
> Anyway, you choose to play with Russia and China because Kosovo independence(useless ideological battle)
pretty sure every country has pizza flavored chips
No one should be forced to live based on rules written in a fairytale book.
I'm a bit drunk and haven't really had a chance to speak English in quite a while so my point might not be getting acroos, but what I meant is that Russia deserved to host it as much as England or Portugal and Spain for example
You can go to any grocery store, or any gas station, and get a pack.
Besides Slovenes and North Macedonains we speak the same language
Serbia is still generally a pro Russian country even if they want to join the EU which is purely for economic reasons .
If you google 'Milutin Teslea' all you will find is some Romanian forums mentioning it.
No, way too foreign and I don't like some of the laws and how it's organised
Serbian Empire existed from 1346 until its dissolution in 1371, but sure honey.
Nearly all of them get denied, but until then they leech the resources that are needed for the real refugees.
To honour our Finnish brothers
Official title was changed from time to time, and different names were used by different people
3-4 EUR and wait for 15 minutes for the results, or go home and let the veterinarian send you an SMS or call you if everything's OK.
I cycled across Serbia over a few days, it was only hilly in the south.
While i was in high school i wanted to learn Hungarian, but when i hear it or see it or anything i remember why i gave up without even trying
Everything outside Belgrade is Provincija or Unutrašnjost
(Original - šatrovački - literal - slang)
No school here teaches scandi langs.
Article about the court ruling in the oppositions favor, it's in Serbian but I guess Google translate will be enough to validate my claims:
Yup, at least we all agree on that
It's the basis of our language
I avoid them like the plague lol
I step in parties with minks and fly links
The same thing happened with Bulgarians and Slavs
Most of us already know English (mandatory in schools), but many have families in Austria or Germany from the Yugoslav era who are ready to help them immigrate and find work - hence, German is the most popular language on DuoLingo for us.
But no, feet is not close to meters.
Imagine the sheer "REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE" if NATO was to give Serbia military equipment.
I speak Serbian and I am just wondering so I don't use a word Croatians dont understand.
I also thought of Civilization 5 when reading the news about this.
The airforce is better than any other in ex-yu.
Go to Serbia and try saying that stupid shit
Name and surname only
It was famous for long time as second only to kinder lada spread
There is no really serious independence movement
You can buy off a police officer for as low as 20€.
As a result, they attacked (I doubt there was any attaching) many of the remaining Albanian civilians and destroyed their houses and cultural monuments.
Right now we basically don't help out Russia at all, we haven't recongnised sovreingty over Crimea nor are we military aligned with them (or NATO) but we still consider each other best friends
"? Why can't we live in a decent apartment that doesn't endanger our health AND meet nice people
EU sucks at PR or what you would call propaganda
I don't mind anyone speaking different dialect, but unfortunately I have witnessed a few times, in public transport, people telling Ijekavian speakers to go back where they came from
DO YOU HATE ME THAT MUCH
The world has become more divided as there are countries that dont want to recognize it and staunchly oppose it, even in the EU 5, Spain, Cyprus, Greece, Slovakia and Romania, member states do not want to recognize it.
there is guaranteed war in the comments in the next 24 hours
I do also play Global Offensive.
With the new technologies, it was literally the most covered war in history until the Syrian war
1166/1371-Nemanjic age
However kids tend to destroy lockers and since keys were so poorly made they were often broken, now they are still there but don't serve any purpose as far as I'm informed
Rare AF though
Easiest language to learn considering most media is in that language
i'm amazed at how certain users relentlessly shitpost against serbia on this sub :^)
To Croatia, Slovenia and Bosnia
P.S. The "honorable" mention is the completely insane 1912 occupation of Albania
Btw Cyprus and Kosovo are 2 different cases
pretty much everything coming from america right now is another stupidity like blm
Anyhow, I find Poland in whole exceptionally lovely
I've sent two requests for my language to be a paet of Duolingo's courses, and two applications for working on it
If you don'tstudy you will became a bum just like our neighbour [insert name here]
Serbia still cannot into coast :(
I know Austrian and Serbian,so Slovenian is pretty easy
A bride can adorn herself with many beautiful jewels on her big day, but never pearls, as they symbolize tears
I don't think anyone minds
Generally i don't like it, but my accent earned me a lots of tips during work & travel summer in USA (i worked as a waiter)
No while not repressed, it was most definitely frowned upon especially if you were a member of the Communist party, relatively common if you hoped to have any kind of career
Except Chetnik war crimes from WW2 were outright ignored in Yugoslav history books and idea of Greater Serbia was never properly suppressed.
Today and tomorrow are days off, but note that tomorrow (second day off) was added in 2012, until then we only had 1 holiday which was 15th feb, now we celebrate both 15 and 16.
Some parents send their kids to Serbian school.
now it's been purchased by the Serbian army and will be restored again.
I've heard from my physics teacher he was Serbian but there's a argument on this.
politically: Just stay out of any of it
But still not that much of people are preaching it, mostly vocal small groups
We gave Kosovo electricity, withdraw all our institutions, gave them area code
Same here, it's my first instinct whenever I walk through a front door, whether I enter my house or someone else's.
As from my experience with traveling through BiH - true, wherever you are
) use it as well
They aren't far away from the truth, but there's room for error.
The same page has the original Serbian version [here] so you can read the two side by side if you want to do so.
Why would you bring up Breivik when someone is talkimg about the threat of muslim refugees, as the commenter recommended.
Ah izvini, editovao sam komentar kako treba
Quit embarrassing yourself
Oh, sure, like letting Bulgaria into the EU was anything other than political expedience.
The Oxford English Dictionary dates the first appearance of the English word vampire (asvampyre) in English from 1734, in a travelogue titled Travels of Three English Gentlemenpublished in The Harleian Miscellany in 1745
In Serbian casual speech it would be something like Tata, jesi to ti tu
Yeah, but that's not what Serbia did, that's what one Bosnian Serb did
There is no place like home
At least send some upgraded Ladas ffs.
A lot of patients are being sent to Turkey because our hospitals are unable to treat them.
I find it much easier to talk about my emotions in English, I can't do it in my native language without cringing
He tried to suppress a massive (like, historically biggest peaceful protests in MNE) by force, but he failed in many instances, since there were no 'sparks' on the protesters' side
Bosnia for Yugo wars, again don't know but the first step is retards over here stopping denying Srebernica
Bruh I've seen the word for the first time yesterday and now this
Books were in BE, different teachers had different pronunciation.
Corruption is making my blood boil at this point
Because on this subreddit if you have a moderate position on Russia, meaning you don't want to escalate with them further and try to initiate some discussions, you are branded as "pro Russian".
Not to mention it more or less being the precursor and indirect cause of the next world war, which extinguished millions of lives and boosted our understanding of many technologies.
Ferry it for 3000-6000 km for a month?
Brides are absolutely not allowed to see other brides on their wedding day
The slav is stronk
Admitting you are spineless doesn't make you being spineless any less laughable.
The former is richer, has less Roma, the locals have somewhat different accents, etc.
We say in Serbian: "Ја возим бициклу." Which exactly translated means: "I drive a bike
For state flag people are died in wars
Serbia and Albania have no quarrels, Kosovo is the issue.
and let's say that if we had an option to magically not encounter them at all 99% of us would pick it.
Any small village/town are all really nice, plus that's where rakija is mostly made so that ups how good it is a lot
Macedonian: around 50-56%? If I really focus, I can even hold a conversation
Nje je njegova originalna fora, dok pevamo na moru dur
Russia didn't have anything to gain from this conflict.
But there is nothing stopping them from overstaying and asking for asylum once here.
That would leave absolutely no time to clean up Serbian corruption.
Serbian last names in Vojvodina (northern Serbia) often end with -ev, -ov, -ski, -in
Pretty common in informal speech is to throw in a word or two from time to time, although nobody talks in full sentences
I stand there thinking "why can't I play more, it's not even late, they're still open, other guys are playing too, is it something I said, did I offend her
Stalin, Hitler, you can talk all you want
Ukraine has to resist because if it gives up on the Donbass it will just disappear,one salami slice at a time,with Russia having veto power over any reform towards progress like Serbia in BiH.
I think it quickly acquired a cult, If not giant, following
Hahn: New Serbian accession chapters imminent
Start by looking up Croatia's history in WW2.
Question to Kosovar redditors - is there any good reason, other than "because of a line that was arbitrarily drawn long time ago", why the areas where Serbs are a majority cannot be given to Serbia via a referendum or something?
Rakija,Pleskavitze or literally go to any old-style restaurant,their food is *amazing* but for pleskativza, kiosks that sell them, or small food vendors are way better, it gives them a distinct flavor which is aweosme :D.
I didn't know i had an inner Austrian in me
People who do are probably the ultranationalists who make a very small minority and you can find them in every country.
A first person survival horor game that I see quite a few YouTubers covering
Novak Djoković won wimbledon
We want to get rid of this deal, if we join the EU there will be no way to get rid of it
Montenegro attacking Croatia...
But they don't identify Ukraine as their motherland.
It's very drinkable in Niš, where are you from
[Makovnjaca] is the most common one, but there's also a kind of [small poppy cakes] or big ones, with different combination of chocolate, vanilla and other stuff with poppy
holy fuck, people abroad actually have seen that movie?
* To get child to speak give him goat bell of 1st goat in heard to drink wather from it
no, the guys in orange garbage trucks are mostly gypsies and they're all full time employees.
Vel, Dis iz hau it luks lajk
OK you're right, Crimea is bigger than Kosovo (tbh I didn't know that)
I do have blonde hair and she has blue eyes, so that might've been it
By thinking being a russian lover is a typical serbian trait obviously.
Good job taking something cute and nostalgic and ruining it -_-
Greece - Their economy was problematic a few years back, but they're nice people, and have great food and even better holiday resorts
Literally same lmao
Literally nothing good came from this.
Let's give it a try
Just join us again so you won't be
I can't talk in behalf of all Poles but people i know see Croatia (and Slovenia) foremost as EU member (and great travel destination:P) and quite successful country.
Just because someone us overweight doesn't mean they're not strong
Are you going to present some evidence to back up your arguments or are you going to keep mumbling "yeah right"?
Serbia is understandable and Greece is just outright weird.
Phonetic spelling is the whole point of our language
Now, I lived with my parents, grandparents and my brother
Well, those are all common Slavic possessive suffixes, so it figures that you have them in many surnames from Slavic countries
[some people were not happy about this map i made]
Kosovo will probably join before Bosnia, but not for a long time still.
You will **not** regret the decision, I promise you.
It's not in the infinitive form (which would be "uspraviti") so you won't find it in a dictionary
I personally hate clothes with logos because I find them lazy style and hella stupid
In public transport, never refuse to give your seat to old ladies, pregnant women, women with kid(s), invalids (i mean this is a general thing, i hope
Private healthcare here is fancy schmancy - appointments without long waits and sparkly well equipped hospitals, unlike public ones which are understaffed due to the MDs leaving to Germany, long waits, and poor conditions
Russia being big part in Military equipment so people see that being tested and think about Russia being big donor
Oh my god the wind
It's always been part of Serbia 3
that accent sounds so good oh my god
Having worked with the Japanese for the past 5 years, this doesn't surprise me at all
Yeah just a train, how would you react if a neighboring country of yours sent a train full of medieval inscriptions of 700 hundred years ago saying your country belongs to us, and without zero cooperation entering and violating borders, like who the fuck cared what this shit hole had 700 hundred years ago, like they had proper means of having a census and declaring the population of said area.
Isn't it "Hej Hej Monika"?
I will never understand why people think the Russians and Serbians are some kind of "great brothers." The truth is that they're not, there are only small government ties.
Some things will happen there for sure, but I can't predict whether it will be a war or just a smaller conflict
your 48 000 town in 2m slovenia is a much bigger fraction than his in 80m germany.
To be fair Iraq is much bigger than Serbia.
I am from Serbia, and Biden is known for statements such as "all Serbs should be put in Nazi-style concentration camps" and "We should go to Belgrade in Japanese-German style of occupation". Should I feel at peace with his victory
Albania and Serbia in constructive phase
Because Albanians were crushing our crosses on Kosovo, stolen it from us
Oh, pardon
We have commitments to NATO, something some people in Serbia don't understand.
It’s a small number again but you indeed find them sometimes
Milomir Maric admitted himself that he pushed for Karleusa's career on BK TV in the nineties so Ceca wouldn't dominate the market (Ceca being Arkan's - Maric's archnemesis - wife)
Hopefully more to come when covid stuff ends
On a side note your burek is much better than ours.
I think [that this] is at about the same level as that one
Did you ever asked your self why all western factories went there comparing to ex-Yu countries
So, be sure to discover a lovely perfume to adorn yourself with, as you wouldn’t want to emit the aroma of garlic on your big day
And, dammit, if they are all truly that bad, new parties need to emerge.
U-Excitement(Узбуђење)
Switzerland
They can't draw a clear conclusion.
Do you think anything might change for the better with your new president
who is this classic EE racism any different from any other racism then?
When i initially read your post i thought to myself "that sounds so much like serbian women" and then i got the idea it might've been you
Boy or girl:
Since Trump has been elected, more than usual
Some people probably did something
F them
What did we do to Albania
I think it went too far, and is in line with current trend in America to label certain social groups and then just pin bunch of stereotypical attributes to them
This has already been tried by Šešelj in Hrtkovci, Serbia.
Every village also had to build one instead one huge one for lot of surrounding area if they wanted a church
It's a really stupid comment I posted out of annoyance with semantics without a second thought put into it
Ouch, are things that bad in there
Or just plainly kill them like Adem Jashari who hid like a pussy when Police was after him.
Serbian FM says recognition of ‘Republic of Macedonia’ was ‘foolish’
He supported the Ottoman Empire against Russia in the Russo-Turkish war
i don't understand - how can japanese/japanese/english students have better reading than croatian ones.
Less than € 9999 from Serbia, though.
But they cant fly over other countries as they please.
You factually ignored all the massacres 'UCK' comitted, and spread disinformation like Serbia not recognizing or accepting, yet Serbia extradited and trialed all its commanders, yet Kosovo praises it's war criminals like Thaci, Jashari, Haradinaj brothers as heroes.
Perpetual devaluation that I'm mentioning is a fact, not just a hypothesis.
He just wants to incinerate as many little fire sources as possible.
No, ajvar is from southern Serbia and northern North Macedonia
Serbia under Nemanjić rule
These guests will then drink from the flask and decorate it with money
Keep in my mind my childhood was heavily influenced by English, from watching cartoons and movies, speaking to online friends who spoke English as their native language, to reading articles in English
As soon as you go a bit outside the city center, the impression is different.
only to those who study philology
Whatever happens, just don't take it too personally
It really is
little little saturday -> mala subotica
It was named that because the fortress looked white from the river
We have child protection services
I hear crazy rumors like how 2.10+ for men and 1.90+ for women isn't rare but I just can't believe that.
Nope, we had no such thing and I have no idea where did you pull this out.
Spasi Srbiju i ubi se, Aleksandre, Aleksandreeeee
Also, what if you don't care about whether your children go to school?
I mean, I do still think a bunch of us, Montenegro, Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia are the same people, but even if we are not, we're certainly still the closest we have genetically, historically and culturally, I don't see what I would mind about Bosnia.
In fact in my opinion it would worsen them although I believe my opinion is irrelevant because my country isn't in the EU to begin with.
I got family in Serbia and it's my favorite place to party and drink, people are open and willing to share even though they have little.
I'm a bit biased but it's my own country and people's history then it would be: in medieval and modern era Germany, Russia and France
That must be why those doctors are protesting because of wages and that they don't like the hours.
One way to divide Serbia (and Yugoslavia)
Yeah, it’s obviously a lie
I guess i just never got the memo
Thank you for still being good hosts when we travel there
Ömg
Is it just me or your names and surnames sound a bit like Greek ones?
I imagine any hurdles being put there would hurt a lot.
Your niece is not just your niece
You're listing a region which is currently having "state" and domestic issues, no?
For example China buys 1 of ours factories for like around $55mil but people here see that and think positively about it, same for railways
I don't think there are many 18-24 y.o.
Europe is much less diverse though.
There will be minor conflicts for sure, but I don't think  major things will happen
Nobody here hates you much more than they hate any other NATO country
English becouse translations to Serbian are aids 99% of the time
I'm talking about veganism which is a more restrictive form of vegetarianism.
I would fire the staff
There was no choice for Germany, I dont see how I could be more clear
Went to Sziget 2004 and spend another 5 days in Budapest after the festival, then roadtripped to Serbia - Bulgaria - Serbia -Croatia in 4 weeks time.
grape rakija -> loza/lozovaca
"yer one" as in my significant other
Lots of civilian deaths were caused in that way.
Shenanigans
Kao tele u sarena vrata - (Someone is staring at something) As a calf at a colorful door
Thank you, Bulgaria, Croatia, Germany and Turkey for not killing all of us when you had your chance
Flair checks out
It doesn't matter dogs hair what is rightfully whose.
Add suspicious privatisation involved high ranking politicians, diplomats and people in the army to that
He clearly has something wrong with him.
that are under attack can return to Serbian protection.
Bread is ~0
Someone revived it either because he/she misinterprited something or because it gives some benefit to someone
Well to be honest, Serbian forces wouldn't have dared to attack a UN force.
I'm not going to get into that, but her boss is Greek and they clearly have issues with Macedonians ever though it is an Orthodox country.
I used to think writing in latin alphabet was "cool", but now i prefer cyrillic and think it's so wonderful and unique that we can expres our language in 2 alphabet
I would place European identity on 5th place, First i am half Serb half Vlach, second i am from Timočka Krajina region, third i am Balkan dude, fourth i identity as a Slav(even if i am half Vlach), and then finally i would identity as European
They are tired of being called "old and ignorant" and various other labels that you slap on them.
PS the redditor who replied to you first repeated the same Djukanovic camp trope that this property in question was somehow taken from a non-existent Montenegrin church in 1918
Not just men, but women and children too
Edit: two years ago, fuck i forgot it is 2021
How do you now witch is witch
We aren't white
German
It's a very nice waterfall thingy.
American English has more differences from British English, than Croatian with Serbian and Bosnian
Oh my God
never really thought about who he was, doing some reading now.
It would be fine if US troops were held accountable for their actions
I'm more of the person who avoids capital cities
Not to mention that the first census in medieval Serbia states that out of 89 settlements in Kosovo, 86 were serbs, 3 were albanian.
If you get caught playing rugby here you would be shanked in your kidneys
Yeah, we had a long monarchist tradition until the red plague came
\> the religious immigrants assert their actual tangible moral authority
Djokovic won Wimbledon
I think that you’ve mixed us up with our Bosnian cousins
Because majority of them are scamming, robbing people and don't do any shit and pretend "we are poor and innocent" while they receive government money in some countries and then buy the most expensive Mercedes and gold.
Are we really fighting on a piece of chocolate now?
The new regime added the study of religion as a subject in both elementary and high schools, and intesified the praise of Saint Sava (our most praised and glorified saint)
Well then HIS WIFE is your "Jetrva". We can go on and on about this one but I think this is enough :)
but the one in Serbian said 'Kakve su ti sise, takav ti je život', which means 'As are your boobs, such is your life'.
an entity with an anthem, flag, coat of arms, its own police force, supreme court, lower courts, tax regulations, administration, president, executive government, postal service, **constitution**, capital, national holidays, national day, borders.
>Fyi, our keyboards do support almost every special character that can be written in latin alphabet
Greece-Russia-Serbia We need to create an alliance and remove kebab.
Stefan, Uroš, Dušan, Vukan, Nemanja, Milutin, Dragutin, Đorđe, Aleksandar, Petar, Mihajlo, Milan, Miloš.
Wow, an existence of entire underground group that aims to kill political opponents or foreigners this is something that I didn't expect for Germany
Most populous country and city in Europe too
anti liberal, in a non direct way.
Just get everyone in there
And of course, in the 90's you have several massacres against Croat (mostly) POWs, you have Srebrenica where several thousand were killed and other smaller massacres against Bosniaks and the murder of thousands coupled with the displacement of more than a million Albanians in the Kosovo War
Serbian is 43th on the visa restrictions index, it is not strong.
When did kosovo have that
If I understand it right it's mostly societal pressure
i am 3/4 Hungarian and i want to kill myself
We almost hate people who pay taxes, even ourselves, since we have a feeling that money is being used against us
That's like 5
The editor of Buzzfeed basically admitted that the news if ungrounded
Well yeah, but it's quite bad for the country.
I hate our culture of stepping into peoples homes uninvited
• Christianised, feudal medieval time
All of them have similar situation
So going against the UN and bombing civilians wasn't shady?
Really hard I would say
but when non liberal candidate wins, OMFG why did you vote, you are fascist and so on
Yeah I used to think they were easy for beginners to learn but I've since strayed away from that opinion
Clear agenda pushing, isn't this against the rules
1999 bombing of Yugoslavia, estimated $26 billion in economic losses, over 1000 killed, 5700 wounded, large infrastructure damage, hospitals, buildings, roads, bridges, factories, refineries and what is the largest issue is rapid increase of cancer patients thanks to the uranium used in bombs
Orwell rejected false equivalences between liberal democracies and the USSR, most notably via his book "Animal Farm" but also in other writings
Because red white and blue are considered "Pan-Slavic" colors agreed in Prague Slavic Congress, based on Russian flag
Favourite heroes by a long shot <3
Malta says hello to used RHD cars
> instead of joining the union that you know would improve your life quality and bring a lot of improvements
Galician was very interesting, it was just like portuguese but with weird spelling
Thankfully I'm not so easy convinsable person
T in Serbian cyrllic is literally from Chernobyl
Well i guess we have different interpretations of names, probably because we share most of ours with some countries
It's a good solution imo
No those are the ones that weren’t forced to flee
Even so, let's say it is not true or that even if it was true, that Biden changed his opinion
If someone these days presents himself as antifaschist he is probably closer to antiantifaschist
But that is just for me
january), but Christmas is celebrated on 7
During that time people created their Montenegrin national identity, but still they saw them as Serbs.
Nope Tito was gone and he was the only one who could keep it together after him Serbia took on even greater role and started acting like the whole Yugoslavia was their own Great Serbia.
My grandpa always says "When Berlin Wall fell, I knew the dark times are ahead of us
Yes it's actually used in everyday speech
Anyone not wanting to serve as Serbian subject must be a powerhungry dictator
There were never intentions to join Albania just because they have the same Ethnic background.
That feeling that they are Serbs got stronger through the Yugoslav Era, but they remembered their history and identity.
• [Cathedral of Saint Sava] fourth largest Orthodox church in the world
European countries where it will not be valid are Russia, Turkey, Ukraine, Belarus, Moldova, Albania, Serbia, BiH, Montenegro, Macedonia (the country, not the region in Greece, that one is ok), Kazakhstan, Liechtenstein, Andorra, Kosovo, San Marino and Vatican City.
clarify how,I know that Serbia also dislikes the west for the NATO bombings and that Bulgaria share deep economic and cultural ties with Russia.
Fužine also has a new retirenment home and is a pretty boring neighbourhood.
Thank you, Austria, for centuries in which you received our refugees and migrants, for being safe harbour for our scholars and scientists, our first inteligencia
Я - хлеб?
Thank you Greece and Romania for always being good friends to us especially Greece and as well thanks to Greece for amazing cuisine and giving Europe and world civilisation and many great minds
Oni su stali uz svoje komšije Srbe
It is not that simple, friendly connection of Serbia with China (and with African countries if that matters) is older than EU, and Serbia does get at least some international support from China
87% of parliament is pro EU oriented.
Wait you don't say tomato as rajčica
Literally every person has a different view on the Yugoslav wars
Turkey sends more foreign aid money to Serbia, and recently pledged to create 2,000 jobs in a textile factory in Niš, Serbia.
After his death empire was broken appart and digested piece by piece by the Ottomans
Should Serbia stay isolated in a already heavily westernized area in which all countries that surround Serbia are already part of NATO or the EU?
Our cheerleaders at our High School looked like this.
Was Serbia officially at war with Bosnia?
Historically, Bulgaria for sure
I didn't personally live under communism but I hear everyone saying it's was so good, that they had money to go to like turkey nearly every summer
What should I know before traveling to Serbia, Bulgaria, and Romania?
Then Tito dies, we mennage to get by for 10 more years, thwn 90s start, and we finally have a war, so we killed each other a bit, this guy thinks he is Tito, so America decides to help us by bombing the sht out of us, then we owerthrow Milošević.
We have nice people that will ignore everything, but also angry people that will get angry for saying "excuse me". You can cross the red light or not, it all good
I can't imagine us fighting with others
But to Eastern Europeans, €4 is expensive so it's more of a luxury treat.
serbia is quite accomplished basketball, for a 7.5 mil country
Romania: [20 seconds of beauty]
It is exactly the unspoken problem with Europe.
If your grandparents or parents moved away to another country but you want to return you should be able to get citizenship
As for it being disputed - that's literally the definition of the word.
Then again, Serbian had historically been very open to borrowing words, so
Then move, you got a european pass, you can go and live/work anywhere.
Well we speak as we write and we write as we speak, so yes
Didn't think it's a country people would wanna move **to**
Well , living with Kosovo or next to Kosovo is basically the same thing with the same impact, they basically had the highest degrees of autonomy after the war, and what did they do?
Attacked is a real strong and clickbaity word here.
Well, if you check his comment history you'll see that he is not a Serb.
It was exclusively a peace enforcing mission, regardless of the faction.
Mig 21s are sooo fucking cool
I didn't feel anything, for reference I'm from Vojvodina (Novi Sad specifically) which borders Croatia
But in such a context the messier consequences of someone wanting to switch their administrative allegiance could be alleviated.
Boy or girl:
Though it probably is more like 182-183, but that's the problem with using samples.
Of course, Serbs living in the map which shows Serbia at the time continued their statehood traditions with Kotromanić dinasty.
To be honest i never watched that show, should i?
But at the time, instead of asking the international community to support Yugoslavia in the peacekeeping effort before a global referendum could be hold.
BiH has double latin/cyrillic road signs.
Ain't you currently being invaded by Bosnia
Because that is how you deal with dissenting opinions.
TL;DR Socialism is a much more complicated concept than most think, social democrats historically identified as socialists and many of them, as well as their parties, still identify as socialists today, the reason being they advocate for instating socialism gradually through piecemeal reforms, or they have a different conception of socialism altogether
Kosovo is Serbia
i find myself violently disagreeing with the premise of life - two party system, capitalist life is shit, and people run to reddit to defend musk and other poor millionaires
Kinda curious who wrote the sign as *nedelja* is in ekavian (it was outside a Bosnian grocery).
NATO "doesn't mind" Serbia-Russia military exercise - -
It simply has no legal effect, as UNSC resolution 1244 is above it, and it confirms that Kosovo is Serbia.
No,there are refuqees everywgere
They have to conquer Serbia first, just to survive.
Serbs have MiG29s while Croatian airforce uses MiG21s.
We also smell flowers from underneath
They also sent experts and police to Serbia so that the fence would need not be used.
school
If you aren't, then Macedonian, Bulgarian or Russian
Some people may be concerned about their heights but it sure ain't me.
He later blamed the leader of SDP, then the Prime Minister, for his defeat(he was an unpopular Prime Minister).
I'm sure you have never been in Bulgaria
Instead of making a peace with them as the defeated side – they were without any good reason pushed across the border – so that they'll settle on the other side as the enemies of everything Serbian, to become the avengers towards those who pushed them from their homes
Not to seem like we're ganging up on you, but that's not how it works.
No way
It's not that I think it would be beyond Djukanovic to set something like this up, but I also find it it hard to buy that he would have ability to coordinate that with Vukic.
On the other hand swapping a reasonable job and living in an apartment with your girlfriend for picking fruit and living in terrible conditions is probably not the best move even if you do make more money in absolute terms.
mass genocide
Gvozden-*Iron*, or maybe Ognjen- *Fiery*, Strahinja- derived from the word for fear, perhaps even Vojislav or Ratislav, Ratomir, all denoting someone who's supposed to be good at war.
This can't happen, because on theory it would mean ALL the countries in the world have to say - tomorrow we remove ALL the borders.
Russian people tend to forget their own problems when they see Russia's foreign influence rising.
Haven't seen a thing confirming he was there to bail anyone out of jail.
But still those languages are similar enough that we can understand each other
Even if they sent more troops to Belgrade, it still would've been a failure like at Mohacs.
But evading neighbours is mind blowing
Idk I think Serbia should just let Kosovo go I've searched their history and they have so much to be proud of than a small piece of land.
Johnson says Britain backs Serbia's EU membership bid
Well, the parliament could reject France's request, but they didn't.
(assuming they kept those words as well)
The scale of the destruction wreaked upon Serbia is hard to grasp today.
But no, these fucks think it's.. what, gonna deactivate their crystals or some shit
That mistake has many names, just like the devil: State SHS, Kingdom SHS, Kingdom of Yugoslavia, FNRY, SFRY
Every day we would do a training in which we got shelter in those bunkers for a war that never happened .
I wouldn't trust an institute based in the city which suffered plenty during the war to give me completely accurate results.
We're glad to have you
Go to Ukrain, theyy take you as a foot solder
That's why I didn't put it on the list
There is something I have to ask - considered weird by who
If they can't appreciate that they have been given a new life, then they can fuck off.
Why do you think this
I would agree, except it's with ground beef :P Fantastic nevertheless
And in Denmark the IDs have no picture
They wouldn't need to be in the same bloc, but they could form small alliances with relevant countries in similar positions.
A lot of people put ketchup or mayo on top of their pizza here
Of course it's not as rich as Western Europe, but you won't have to worry about "idiotic religious rules" there.
America first, Russia also first, and Serbia first after that
Our winters are pretty mild compared to Sweden or the USA, at least that's my ignorant expectation
My colleague is supposed to earn 2300€ but because of the taxes, he earns 1000 less because he has no children.
Thats the most common saying in every country
The Dutch voted against, it is very questionable if even the association treaty will be ratified.
But it ignores the very real attachment Serbs have to Kosovo as a matter of history, religion, and national identity.
Voting for Vučić.
You realize that we are talking about wars and battles, right?
Acording to some sources when Slavs came to this area they saw white Roman/Celtic walls of the old fortifications and that is how it got its new name
Then also Slovenian, Bosnian, Montenegrin
I'd be okay with that, but I believe also that adding higher criteria to enter, or even starting negotiations would mean that EU would never expand in the future, considering how most of the states which are negotiating will hardly if ever reach those requirements on their own because they are struggling with corruption.
Au moins, quand il faut chaud, je ne risque pas de ressembler un connard avec mon manteau au milieu de 20°C.
Never seen lines in front of clubs lasting for longer than 3 minutes here
Why did you say reconquer then
Seems like Germans love going to other countries in large groups
We call Czechia Чешка/Češka in Serbian.
Hopefully I'll have the chance to read some more about it one day.
It may look better but trust me this brutalism style housings are made with so much more quality than those cheap-ass shit that they are building all over my country rn
She uses Instagram a lot more :)
Hungary:Mađarska
It is easy
Iirc Vucic and ex pm Ponta are close friends.
/r/serbia isn't default for people from serbia for example
the english here starts at pre-school(age of 6) and it lasts until the end of basic education (which is 1y preschool, 8y primary school, 4y highschool) for people who stop their education there.
I still associate the size of the sub with what it used to be - 200 000ish subs.
Oh gosh of course latin, if I could I would just snap those people that type like this: Бил Гејтс (Bill Gates)
I too hope everyone is okay in Cro, stay strong and stay safe
I wish Yugoslavia was back
Does your media report truth about what is going on ?
Or you will get a paper notification left in your mailbox if the package was delivered by state owned Pošta Srbije
Too bad this doesn't exist in Serbia
To be honest, look around us, Polish Mafia, Serbian Mafia, Albanian Mafia
Schools in Vukovar are divided between Croats and Serbs.
But Catalan is extremely simillar to Spanish.
Saitama (like the One Punch Man character)
So sellers just decided to stop sending stuff to Serbia or to use DHL only as a delivery option, which is extremely expensive
Well in that case I might try it!
Why does this undead troglodyte get so much attention is beyond me...
We call that "sarma" in Serbia
Because the article is in Serbian (see title).
But Serbia is a weird blind spot that I have.
how familiar are you with inflation?
Last year, there were like 2 days of snow in January I think which was like 2 inches and that’s about it
In all seriousness they were left alone as the Serbs and therefore Yugoslav army didn't care as much about Slovenia because it didn't fall into the Greater Serbia plan Milosevic had.
I realise that point about Yugoslavia, but the fact is that now these nations are independent, and Serbia ought to recognise this.
If this territorial exchange ever happened, we'd probably have peace (at leats as long as the extremists in Serbia don't go haywire again).
Nice
Does most of Finlands population oppose joining NATO
Yes i know what Borderlands is, but idk why is Serbia the original one?
Great idea, although maybe we can use our word for south instead.
The only Serbo-Croatian example I can think of for now is "uspravio". It's a verb meaning "to erect", but it's conjugated and specifically refers to a singular male being/thing in the past tense
Some left because they chose so, and some did fear retribution, and some were actual war criminals, not like they were welcomed with open arms in Serbia either.
This won't stop, this has turned into a circlefuck of retards pulling the same shit.
I can't imagine anyone else starting a war over it.
Bosnia --> Federacija or Serbia --> Sandzak
Just don't get into an accident in countries like Serbia.
The infinitive is ‘predeti’
I don't really have any opinion on it, though I laugh at the hypocrisy.
Čuvaj se ~~brate~~ sestro, i budi ponos~~a~~na svog porekla, makar mora~~o~~la da ga kriješ u javnosti (to važi za sve, ne samo Srbe)
Lol, maybe if you are Germany, if you are a small state, economic sanctions would hurt Serbia more than they would hurt Russia, im okay with snactions if we join the EU, but until we are officially a member, No, too much economic weight to send the same message, that Crimea is Ukrainian.
I hear it everyday
And as such, less than 5% of all home break-ins in the US are solved annually.
And Albanians visit Serbia without problems.
TL;DR Socialism is a much more complicated concept than most think, social democrats historically identified as socialists and many of them, as well as their parties, still identify as socialists today, the reason being they advocate for instating socialism gradually through piecemeal reforms, or they have a different conception of socialism altogether
Srpska Crnja (town) = Serbian black (person, but could also be interpreted as
For example, the Balkan ones are based mostly on students.
Za is for fun party
I live in Novi Sad and Belgrade is really near but I avoid going there
There were a lot of Spanish soap operas every single day on almost every channel
Perhaps just a simple kilt then?
Serbia also comes to mind, as you'll often hear that we are "Orthodox brothers" but I don't think the majority of the population cares enough or shares that notion
Talk about wars
Both Serbia and Republika Srpska would want this.
No, i meant to say that [the history of] the modern state began in the 19th century and so medieval rulers would *technically* not fit OP's requirement("...leader in your country's history").
The only people that come to mind are exactly why we shouldn't answer this one
I haven't, though I do plan on it for about a month
So we can drag Europe in another world war?
Go into 3 pu**ies of a mother
During the elections the Clinton campaign colluded with CNN.
But during USSR and especially with Yeltsin nothing was done to improve that region.
Wouldn't like the feeling of someone recognising me on Reddit.
One of many Serbian fabrications.
You can find a loooot of cigarette butts just laying around
Its far more than US ever did in case of, for example, My Lai massacre, which should be ruled as genocide if Srebrenica was one
Serbian passport is pretty good, imo, considering everything
Puška = gun/rifle
Joined/annexed, isto sranje, drugo pakovanje
He was really the wrong person to kill.
It's possible that this trend of Eastern resistance continues, such that the EU never federalizes or that we manage to retain our identity through federalization, but I wouldn't want to even risk something like that.
Honestly if I ever go to the Netherlands I'd mostly want to see Friesland and not just because I have friends there
I can get for E Europe, poverty makes marriage and giving birth one of last things to care about.
It feels more natural to my bio clock
We also call Greeks,Bulgarians,Romanians, any orthodox nation is our orthodox brother,so idk why you single out Russia.
Ofcourse, i'm not saying they want to, but what would happen?
There is nothing to thank, if Serbia had it's way Albania would have been completely colonised and wouldn't have existed.
Croats or Bosnians using our words would sound pretty weird
Religious radical auto-detect systems for which they
It's the elixir of youth and it tastes like happiness
Me and the guy i replied to, or?
1918 was the year when Montenegro unified with Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenians.
*Ukrainian,Belorussian*
Without a central government to rule over the Serbian states, they were destined to be disunited
Perhaps you should have also continued with the immediate next sentence "Serbia was at this point more concerned with the situation in Croatia; even before the war had ended, YPA troops were already repositioning themselves for the imminent war in Croatia"
Well, you *can* kinda survive without a car in Denmark.
As someone who's done the very same and hangs around a lot of people who've done it as well - it's not common per se, but not super rare either.
Nice
The photo pretty much symbolizes WWI in Serbia, especially the [*Great Retreat*] even though it was taken a year earlier
All the bad rep my country gets, you would think they would send somebody who can actually speaks English
Because I had the completely opposite experience and see few online who don't support Bashar
Dobrev sounds bulgarian / i heard she is"
But it's definitely a given a big number of them are totally trash people.
No, I get you, but the guy you are responding to isn't serious.
What is wrong with all my fellow Serbs who live all around the world but keep supporting far right?
There definitely would be an escalation between us and AH
Sada kada razmislim mislim da sam bio pogresio, slava se uglavnom uzima kada otac umre mada i ne mora
allowing Montenegro to take an "observer" status **pending ratification by** the governments of the other members, **as well as by Montenegro's own parliament**
From my understanding, in both Ireland and Serbia, "okay" is much closer to "satisfactory" or "passable".
I can't judge Turkish people because I haven't met any, and judging them only based by stereotypes isn't the brightest thing to do.
Well it will as soon as we finish our 3 major high-speed lines:
Okay, you don't get killed, yay I guess?
-I don't rent (I own a small studio flat, no debt on it)
In this letter he says: "I'm proud of my Serbian heritage and my Croatian motherland.
The same one who said he wants to make greater Serbia where there will be no ethnic minorities and is a war criminal that conducted ethnical cleansing.
the Dutch are likely to vote for an insurgent;
Oh yep, I've read up on the Serbia thing, didn't even realise that was an issue you could have traveling before I looked into that area of the Baltics ha.
Russia doesn't give a shit about them, they're just delusional and think that just because Russians fought with them in WW1 that they actually care about Serbia.
Looks more like Serbia to me...
I want to stuff in in my fat mug.
If you look at politics in Serbia/Montenegro you will see that the people in charge change their views often.
serbia and san marino are actually the only european countries with whose passports you can travel to china visa free.
I've never seen someone order rabbit meat in a restaurant
There is a correct position on a lot of things but politically it's harder to tell
He supported the Ottoman Empire against Russia in the Russo-Turkish war
The [NYT Europe Section] is a good place I am always reading.
You guys tried 3 times, being fully vetoed.
Or you can get (heated and surprisingly good) food in konbinis (supermarkets) and eat it there
That would be 12 years of my history education in one longer reddit comment
Free sandwich
and it's doing only slightly better economically.
\[4\] In 1703 pope [Clement XI] himself of Albanian heritage, ordered a synod of local Catholic bishops that discussed stemming conversions to Islam which also agreed to deny communion to crypto-Catholics in Albania who outwardly professed Islam
I was in Istanbul a few years ago and my god, the burek that I bought had so much meat in it, I barely managed to eat it, while a Turkish guy next to me bought a slice that was 3 times bigger than mine.
I think we can exclude Croatia and Macedonia, so I'd go with Bosnia-Herzegovina or Serbia
Oh and browned flour
For Serbia, it has to be the Battle of Kosovo in 1389
I too hope everyone is okay in Cro, stay strong and stay safe
Kao tele u sarena vrata - (Someone is staring at something) As a calf at a colorful door
Because the only way into Europe is the Serbian-Hungarian border.
great news hopefully Serbia follows next :)
Uobrazilje
As i said before, so far there is no separatist tendencies in Bulgaria.
I like it more than the Serbian one also.
I think the German word for border "grenzen" comes from some Slavic language
Disolved the parlament and gave himself all power while we were a monarchy (mor then once)
In this subreddit, literally anyone who has a more nuanced view on Russia and doesn't praise the EU is viewed as a "putinbot".
We all like to smoke, drink, bet on sports
Simply, or language is like Spanish for example
What's your definition of Slavs?
EDIT: I was wrong, here is the actual list
Serbia deports Russians suspected of plotting Montenegro coup
Every country is flexing now to measure Trump's response in Europe's affairs.
What kind of coffee do you typically drink in your country?
>A lot of muslim(?) people were put in concentration camps, a lot of lives were destroyed and, since the war only ended in 1995, a lot of people (e.g. in Bosnia and Herzegowina) are still struggling to this day with either trauma from getting raped or having their families slaughtered or having no existential perspective in life or anyone to talk to
To bese onaj Kiddara valjda
Train ride from Budapest -> Bucharest when going along the Serbian/Romanian border along the Danube
Probably Romanians and Serbians do know something.
Austria
If Montenegro in this state becomes an EU member then I seriously wouldn't want Serbia to do so
Also saw here a rant about "whining" Poles.
China (this one is debatable, we hate the Chinese agenda, but recognise they are useful, so this one could go forth most hated as well
Can I copy your homework
Yep, Vlach migrations, how i did not see that coming?
I am confusion
If Switzerland split their wealth with us, they would still be 5th.
A few bridges have the flag, but I don't think anything else happens
Pretty much every adult in Europe and North America knows about it
And sure, there are some "dangerous" parts - I live in one of them, but that danger applies basically only to football hooligans and drug dealers
Not really something they said, but my friend and I helped a group of Chinese tourists find a park/fortress they were looking for
We say Češka and it sounds ok, but in english it’s terrible
Ljubiša Preletačević Beli, started as satire, ended up coming in 2nd as a real political party in their municipality.
[Here's] the original
Albania and Kosovo are literally on the second and third place by asylum applications in 2015 in Germany.
I was shocked when I went to work for one italian company there
Regarding violence
5 room apartment rent will cost around  250-300€.
We screwed up badly in the last thirty years
So Kosovo (majority Albanian) can secede from Serbia but the Republika Srpska (it's in the name) can't secede and join Serbia?
I don't know if that fact could be verified
Must be some strong foundations then :D
[*Catholics and Sultans: The Church and the Ottoman Empire 1453–1923*] Cambridge: Cambridge University Press
/u/onlyhere4laffs, to answer the second part of your question:
Belgrade, no snow yet
Not realy, Serbia has border disputes with only Croatia I believe.
Beč in serbo-croatian
Wow, Welsh is really a beautiful language i can see why you preserved it despite the circumstances
It can be "Sestrić" if it's your sister's son, or "Bratić" if it's your brother's son
He has hungarian name, his sister has German and his brother Slavic name
Yea
Pretty sure I've seen some stations with angels and stuff
Islamists should stay in their countries
Sve je to ista mafija, svim političarima je cilj da uzmu što više para i zajebu sve
Looks small, is really big
Not a big fan of Spanish and romance languages in general, although French and Italian are the better sounding among those.
Theyhave nothing to do with ancient greece?
Yeah, I saw a video the other day about muslims praising Hitler.
Kinda same here, but hot for me is 28+
The Serbians are obsessed with religion.
And fuck modern Russia
Lemme help ya with a couple more: West Serbia being the most primitive because it is too close to Bosnia, most of Sumadija being notoriously drunken to the boots 24/7, exception with Kragujevac which is the higher class than the rest of Sumadijas pesantry, us Esterneers being mostly Vlah people that throw magic on everything and TO THIS DAY live the same way they did 1000y ago, and oh god, people from Vojvodina speaking sloooooooow aaaaaaaaas fuuuuuuuck, so slow that when somebody from Vojvodina tries to ask somebody from south(where they speak fast like hell) how they are, southeneer has enough time to tell them abouth their whole history till this day before the guy from Vojvodina finishes their sentance
-Unmarried
Crimea was a big dispute during the fall of the USSR whether it should remain with Russia or be part of the new Ukrainian state.
Džon mejd hiz vej tu a tevrn tru d dark forest, onli tu fajnd aut dat he forgot d mani
I don’t care what someone’s ethnicity is, I don’t care what someone’s religion is, if you’re responsible and capable of murdering innocent civilians in cold blood and leaving many families displaced without homes to go to, you are heartless, despicable, disgusting, low life of a human being if you can even call them a human being
Your 3 month stay in ex Yu countries clearly makes you more of an expert in international law than judges of ICC and ICTJ
I just don't like your president that shows a lot of signs of hating Serbs, but I doubt Serbs would invade you
yea same here
You guys are too multiculti, most places in Europe have a clear majority.
It's becoming unbearable, you can expect to see more protests in Belgrade in near future hopefully
You literally didnt defend a single stance of yours
She was also notorious for being really direct about competition and other singers.
Welll uhhh
I wasn't even talking about Romania or Romanians at all, I'm not sure what the point of this is
Macedonian
Is it the accent or the words that they use?
My advice for learning any language is to learn the alphabet first then words then phrases
OP said Americans like English accents, so same thing.
It started with the expulsion of the Albanians from the Toplica region, at the time a majority Albanian region awarded to Serbia at the Congress of Berlin in 1878
French and Italian
Unless you have lived under a rock the past 27 years.
*Gušiti* is "to choke" here, so...
No more skyscrapers in europe
I didn't realise so many people here are so racist towards Gypsies, holy shit
Some sort of key for the map would be nice, although I assume the different shades signify different levels of control over the areas.
Jedno selo kod Petrovca na Mlavi :D
(Bacio kašiku) (Бацио кашику)
It would be a repetition of the Second Balkan War all over again where Bulgaria, Greece and Serbia fought each other viciously because they couldn't split the Turkish territories they took over.
Absolutely nothing bad would happen since there's thousands of atheists but it's seen as rude at least among the faithful who are in a majority and likely your family members to openly bash Christianity
They got themselves into a position where they don't have to do any work or thinking, they just vote as they are told and still get paid.
However if some countries would like to change a color of their flag, I'd consider another Slavic Congress to discuss some other way to represent symbolism of Slavic roots (tho I don't think it's ever going to happen)
Why is it shocking
ikr, serbia isn't in EE after all, like Estonia is :^)
> "here girls are not easy like in france"
I also heard that chemtrails spray homosexuality on all of us as well
Though Yugoslavia is not so great example since it was open to the west
Idk if the userbase got worse over the years or mods dont moderate as wellas they used to
We asked some people to help, but no one knew English
he was invited by Iraqi government
TL:DR Uglavnom 80%-90% Nije nista konstanto i moze da zavisi od dosta toga (obicaja iz tog dela srbije, porodice, sveca, pa i samog domacina
Here it's free as long as they don't catch you
But thinking biggest mistery is, why the fuck is his cousin roman
The only Serbian word that is accepted and used across the world is “vampire”.
In Toplica the Albanians were encountered, and we had nothing more important to do but to expel these warlike, but hard-working people from their homes
They are not used interchangeably
Yes, true; Slovenia and Croatia feel very different than Bosnia and Serbia.
' and 'Let me ask you something instead'.
Yeah and Croatia is in such an upward spiral haha, jokes.
If Serbia has no say in the Kosovo issue, nor does Bosnia in the RS issue.
The population of Kosovo was never a Serbian majority.
Yea it do be like that
Macedonians' best friends are bosnia and croatia?
How will Serbia "kick Turks out of istanbul" and would you want that?
Not as different as Hungary vs.
1) I honestly don't know, sorry
The news outlet just passed what the institute President said, it's not B92s research.
France
follow her on instagram @lullindo :)
People from Albania, Bosnia or Serbia do not need a visa for visiting.
Yes it pretty much is
I don't think it has anything to do with EU
What they do to their workers, people in general with healthcare, the amount of crime,homelessness, racial tensions and all that i would prefer going somewhere else if i have to
It only came about because you can't write фацебоок or Георге instead of the name George in cyrillic, it has to be completely phonetic.
It depends, here on Balkans changes were so constant one simply can't choose one for all periods
But damn it I can't remember the last time we had a snowy Christmas
No, not really
How about talking about the article instead of going the typical off-topic propaganda route to undermine everything?
Third every story has two sides and truth is somewhere in the middle
Wow TIL im Swedish
Yugoslavia was just a "Greater Serbia", the states in the federation didn't have near enough political power considering how more prosperous they were than Serbia, hence the dissolve of Yugoslavia.
I mentioned the US because their outlets are the biggest and most viewed ones.
Do you really think that immigrants don't just go back to the ECHR?
As long as you don't blame or insult anyone it's fine, but I always look to change the subject
The one and only bride:
> But fair enough, didn't know much about the Montenegrin part, was just assuming they were full of it as well
Oh, thanks for elaborating
As for real superheroes i know of [Cat Claw] by Bane Kerac.
There's also a huge mall in the city for all shopping needs
you learnt latin but struggle with Russian
They stood with their Serbian neighbors
We go to every country and pick all the protesters up
First of all, it's not their country.
NATO needs to be realigned towards the Middle East.
I got an idea since the whole fucking Balkans are protesting
Yes, we dislike Ottomans, but Ottomans aren't equal to modern day Turks.
For example here there are several buildings that are really really bad, they are literally falling apart
It really is, everywhere you go, the beaches, mountains, rivers
Young enough to tell you theyre taught to us as war crimes in schools, at least it was that way in my textbook
Popov commanded the botched plot.
The people seem to have similar sensibilities and the cities, but mostly small towns, feel strangely familiar
That's why our elected congress declared independence.
Especially useful during the winter and autumn.
I really don't get why there's even Croat-Serb tension and saber-rattling.
> Bigger amount of vegetarians and vegans, also from a young age
Essentially it picks up where we left of in the previous lessons (interwar Yugoslavia, Hitler's rise to power and Mussolini in Italy)
do you even know why Belgrade was bombed¿
It's based on the work of the emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus dubbed De Administrando Imperio, which, among other things, serves as the most important source on early Serbian and Croatian history.
I'm glad more and more people are discovering Belgrade and Serbia each year
It's used extensively in hip hop
The one for Health and Human services is actually a pretty good balance between that eagle tradition and modern design.
Haters gonna hate and shitposters like you, always and again.
Boli me kurac - my dick hurts
Hahah, yeah I might have exeggarated it, but what I meant was there's no young people there
nono, montenegro is our slovakia
But they still wonder how they have a terrible government and hope that someone else will fix the situation.
Their plans are worth jack shit, as nobody fucking knows what Brexit even means anymore.
Regardless of which part of the debate you stand (whether it's justified or not), you can see how a foreign alliance that has absolutely nothing to do with the conflict and bombs the fuck out of your infrastructure and capital(some parts with illegal ammunition) does to form an negative opinion.
Croatians don't use Cyrillic anymore (since they left Yugoslavia) but many of them however can understand it
Well, don't listen to the others, it is completely doable.
Also, the opinion that people from Albania are all somehow criminally affiliated backwards hillsmen
BTW there's a little line in Serbia, I'm not sure if that's supposed to be there
Serbia
As a small country with around 2 million speakers we're very incentivised to learn other languages.
[Ub] Serbia comes to mind
I can't go on infinitely explaining what's pretty obvious: I was trying to be as neutral as possible but I don't have another option: The Kosovo war was, among other things, a huge humanitarian crisis.
You could have translated that
The nearby mountains brought it and the low temperature keeps it from melting
Likewise Serbia seems to have abandoned any hope of joining as it furthers away from EU standards
He had to spend 5 years to get "resident" visa, I think it's called like that, and 2 years after that, he's got citizenship.
Washington - Вашингтон (Vašington), randezvous - рандеву (randevu), xylophone - ксилофон (ksilofon)
They don't have to be Hungarian for that.
This
Fast acting Serbian cleaning products?
also Albania would have been the aggressor lol, and their gesture would have been exactly what Russia is doing in Crimea.
The unsuccessful uprising of 1910, 1911 and the successful and final Albanian revolt in the Ottoman Empire in 1912, as well as the Montenegrin, Serbian, and Greek occupation and attempts to incorporate the land into their respective countries, led to a proclamation of independence by Ismail Qemali in Vlora, on 28 November 1912.The same day, Ismail Qemali waved the national flag of Albania, from the balcony of the Assembly of Vlorë, in the presence of hundreds of Albanians.
As a Community fan im familiar with that feeling of "will they do next season or won't they"
"Fake news" is not exclusive to right wing fringe media.
Serbian, Albanian, Macedonian, Bulgarian, Turkish, Russian, German, English, French, Spanish, Italian
Disolved the parlament and gave himself all power while we were a monarchy (mor then once)
It is too good to be murican :D
Stop spreading your bullshit around here you dumb burger
It makes the result even more tragic, as you're now left alone with the same parties that had lied to you.
Hashim Thaci: 'Serbia is distributing arms in northern Kosovo'
Mladić and Karadžić ( and many others) were arrested and are currently doing their time in Hague
rafting, hiking, swimming and fishing in montenegro.
-Bunch of roads next to the rivers (Sava and Danube) where you can walk, ride your bike
Also 6000 is way more than Serb paramilitary numbers, since worst of them , SDG or Arkans Tigers, were numbered just between 500-1000.
This is more or less Charlemagne's empire.
It was also the capital of Serbia in the past.
Maybe the UK can rejoin sometime in the future.
The Bull isn't set on fire, only those sticks of wood that are attached to his horns.
should be at least close to this:
It's more like a counter-measure from the MSM so that they could regain their credibility by drawing the attention to other news sites by deeming them 'fake' and at the same time indirectly claiming that their news is legitimate.
Unless islamists infiltrate each and every pore of western societies
Здраво, како си? Means hello, how are you in Serbian
But it's a forum so i might as well be the one that made a meaningful post with clarifications instead of flinging shit like he does.
Problem was national identities weren't so strong back than and lot of locals were purposefully assimilated and tortured by Ottoman autorithies
So to prove that Albania is stronger you link me an article stating that 50 paratroopers retreated from artilery barrage,which is compeltely normal lol,they can't fight artillery, they were just reconnissance, and an article stating that Albanians attacked starving/sick/tired Serbian army from behind?
I'm in this comment and I don't like it
I just said that Croatians no longer use Cyrillic, but however many of them can still understand it
Yeah that's why i love when Croatian girls speak
etc
It goes deeper than Russia invading Ukraine
but owerblowing things out of proportions doesnt do you any good.
(There is a (non-ethnic Serb) historian claiming that Moravia`s core was along the river Morava in Serbia).
Only rule is to allways us the same name), and then family name
It was around 23 in Belgrade only a few days ago.
PM Dacian Ciolos was unhappy by his latest flight from Bucharest to Timisoara, due to the fact that on a low-cost domestic flight, operated by Irish company Ryanair, you can only buy food and drinks by paying in Euros.
EDIT 2: Please stop telling me Nikola is a name in Serbia
This coming from the alliance that outlawed people making fun of it on the internet
And publish atleast one of his books per year!
To be honest I don't have a recipe for which i'm certain it's good.
Seems like a complex situation.
We have political scandals every day and celebrities usually try really hard to put their scandals to newspapers so everyone can see
Does this mean all Serbians participated in the 90s massacres and genoside too?
You should watch this serbian [movie] from Emir Kusturica.
Do you remember why they protested in the first place
Only thing Serbs have done is gotten gassed/shot.
Russian
As did many Slavs in the area, who also went on to abuse the Christian population
Inshallah I suppose
So there won't be a war or even if a war breaks out Russia and its allies would be destroyed.
Comparing any part of Europe with the Middle East isn't very well thought through.
With all the respect to Serbia, we already have countries who are against the culture that EU supports.
Technically ex-yu countries should be here we all speak 5 languages even tho they're basically the same :D Serbian , Montenegrin,Croatian , Bosnian ...
In the twelve weeks that followed, Serbian and Yugoslav military, police, and paramilitaries expelled more than 850,000 ethnic Albanians from Kosovo, internally displacing several hundred thousand more.
Do we get somehow richer, anything
Polish
Their demands are fair and when they're protesting they are doing it peacefully.
So I just wanted to point out to him that this isn't a very detailed survey .
The KLA wasn't trained nor armed by the Americans.
No Yugo republic had the status to declare independence, I never said that.
After all, even the worst Albanian ultranationalists don;t even think about somehow taking over all of Serbia or something.
Gospodar is master here, someone who owns something, whole gost is guest too
Serbia the England of the balkans confirmed
"In 1878, following a series of Christian uprisings against the Ottoman Empire, the Russo-Turkish War, and the Berlin Congress, Serbia gained complete independence, as well as new territories in the Toplica and Kosanica regions adjacent to Kosovo
The only difference is there's basically no advertising for it, and the cigarettes are kept behind the counter so children don't see the packages as easily.
Actually it's not like that at all
were almost on the western european level.
You are authoritarians, just like Russia the only difference is that you are leftist authoritarians.
If they want to study in university in albanian, they could study elsewhere.
Vuk Branković is only a traitor in literature because he pulled out of the battle, and Miloš Obrenović simply wasn't a traitor
Serbian prime minister Vucic issues "final warning" to Republic of Kosovo
That's pretty significant in every way.
Here you go mate
Russian
Avala tower, Golubac, Kalemegdan and a few other forts and the most disturbing one, Ćele kula
So, it’s not about guns
is there any country that falls into the Putin cult?
The story was completely blown out of proportion and the chocolate war is still going on.
As far as I'm concerned the cultural differences between here and Turkey are pretty much the same as the UK and Greece, Russia, or Serbia.
Budimpeshta, the 'sh' makes a "š" sound
For me there's a world difference from Warsaw to Gdansk or Torun
As wars go, this was a pretty not pointless one.
Only racist fans in serbia are RAD fans, they are bunch of nazi skinheads who deserve to be killed, only thi g they do in belgrade is stab people and sell drugs...
A Day in Serbia - Timelapse & Aerial
"We love these guys" fits better to Italy or France
Honestly they cost as much as premium android phones nowadays
which then also collapsed due to the Kosovar independence crisis
" While my other grandpa kept talking how much of a blast he had working in Germany in the 80s. So who knows
Also Vojko V
Double headed Eagle is strong in my orthodox countries due to the Byzantine legacy.
I got an idea since the whole fucking Balkans are protesting
Had some great pizza in Florence and San Marino (even if it's not Italy)
If you can get Serbian passport, you will probably get to have all the benefits of it.
Just as serbs can apply for Serbian citizenship in either Banja Luka or Bijeljina.
But honestly at the end of the day Blizzard is a business and China makes up a huge percent of their player base and income
People really love to hate on Serbs here, and then they wonder why they are moving away from the European way of life and are friendly with Russia, Russia is like the only friendly country towards Serbia
People in Serbia often use the Euro, especially for large sums.
Serbia does multiple times more exercises with NATO than Russia, but i guess those news don't sell the newspapers over there.
Netherlands
Slavs in most stuff, yes, but also talkative, expressive, touchy and family/honor obsessed in general
KoSoVo
Because nobody asked Kosovo population in 1913 whether they want to join Serbia or newly independent Albania.
I greet you very much from Novi Sad, and dream of Italian coffee and Renaissance buildings
Help
Unless you work for 300€ a month, then it's not
Sorry to bust your bubble but neither of those are Croatian inventions
Yes it is very common
and if Bosnia, Croatia, Macedonia, Montenegro and Albania chip in, we'll be the most hospitable place on earth
I know even where are some of them on the map and maybe even a few cities
,,Spreman ili ne, dolazim
Similar experience in Hungary
Did you just blame Serbia for starting the first world war?
Maybe the Yugoslav one, but more contraversial than anything
That is true, but Russians didn't back out willy-nilly.
That's how this thing works, you don't have people thinking about a problem, you have a process where they will certainly fail to do anything
Truer words haven’t been spoken since the ‘90s.
BALKANS
Fucking Switzerland, who else?!
When I lived in Romania, first few months i was so confused how can I almost get the context of what people say sometimes, without ever knowing any word of  Romanian
I still do all those things now, only I'm taller than I was when I started
comparatively between the countries the numbers would still be similar.
"Several" implies that trivially many people in Serbia are tolerant of LGBTQ, vegans and cyclist (?!), which just isn't true.
Izuzetak: bolnica (jedino ovo mi pada na pamet)
Gastarbeiter
The Orthodox Albanians would speak Serbian during the time they were performing ceremonies in the church, but would speak Albanian after it.
It doesn’t matter if he did shelter Serbs
Same here
Belgrade cook fired for objecting to Nazi-era song
NSFW doesn't mean: don't do this in a workplace environment
Russian is a bit harder to understand, but you can still pick up some information since they are both slavic languages.
In any case, it's a very cool looking spoon
From necklaces to bracelets, the bride has an array of lovely details to choose from for her bridal beauty
Well it's not like putting troops directly on Russia borders is so peaceful.
A large majority of them are hard working and honest people
Have you heard of Bosnia
One thing is for certain: Even if he loses the election he won't give up power and he will cling to it until last moment like Slobo did.
Should I consider Neusatz (today Novi Sad) the largest city, even though it was a part of the Habsburg monarchy or Belgrade, even though it was a part of the Ottoman Empire
And with a 3 milion population we would say that we are the strongest .
etc
Shouldnt that be a better contender
I saw a similar story on Twitter a couple of days ago
In history we ve been in far deeper shit and came out on top, we will do it again
I am as pro-EU as you get, and I fully agree.
Under 100 people a country were behind all of it
Jealosy = Ljubomora (could rougly translate to Love nightmare)
that's because the DNC's campaign painted it that trump is gonna deport every colored person, instead of deporting of **illegal** immigrants.
I think the treatment of Muslims in Mojkovac and Kolašin is the least often mentioned atrocity in Montenegro's history
NATO drew first blood by bombing of Serbia and then continued by Iraqi invasion.
And these people are living or going to live in western Europe.
"Oh you're from Siberia
We actually did, it was named “home economics” (domaćinstvo), when I went to primary school, was in 6th grade (we start at 7yo), so I was 6th grade sometime during 1992; was Yugoslavia, we had civil war and world sanctions and whatnot - so our home economics class was - only a theory
Seriously, if Croatian is that different of a language from Serbian, then the Samogitian dialect is a whole different culture group from Lithuanian using that logic.
I often hear about a lady judge that rules with an iron hammer and many wish we could borrow her for a month or so
r/greece is not representative of Greek public opinion.
Not sure whether that counts, though.
Don't you dare compare them to Beli, Beli might be a clown but he's a liberal clown.
It was anounced in 2015, starter building autumn 2016.
Why can't Serbia be seen like that aswell?
I guess more people own their houses here than in West Europe or the US, so they would probably get them anyway after their parents' died
As a native Slavic speaker I still make strange mistakes when speaking czech: I use naj- instead of nej-, I add "je" to 3rd person singular and "jsou" to 3rd person plural in past tense, I say "jezyk" instead of "jazyk"...
Serbia had tanks and artillery.
• Stejan Radić wasn't killed because he was a Croat, but because he also offended Račićes wife
Well, until full independence is achieved (Serbia signing it, joining UN) Kosovo is under rule of Serbia.
King Aleksandar is liked by some conservatives but is rarely idealized in contemporary politics, I'd say
So what is the general consensus on his nationality?
I mean at least he was free to move to Austria.
I need more time to adjust then on winter time
Maybe the Danubian Federation or the Greater Austrian States could have survived for more decades, but I'm very doubtful about it, because none of the solutions would make the Romanians and Serbians happy.
Darker story behind these laws, is the fact that a lot of these abortion legalization laws were passed because most of the socialist countries in the 40's suffered horrifying mass rapes during WWII and women did things to get rid of children made from such events, so governments had to pass these laws for safety of people i.e.
When you hunt it, you eat it usually
So it goes Jan-small Jan-even smaller Jan-the smallest Jan
[Rasti, rasti] - medival Serbia
Surprise anschluss
Not really, the reason war wasn't long in Slovenia is because Serbia had no claims in Slovenia.
I don't see your point
Novi Sad - New now
Do you think that Albania teaches that Kosovo was originally Serb?
Others could have even number world wars, odd ones are ours
So how do you explain that the Serbian PM seems to be buying into it/had some people arrested on their side as well?
This is my first time hearing Belarusian
My wife is Serbian and I just read that to my 12 year old nephew (Serbian).
Wikipedia figure only included the Srebrenica figures, so I checked the ones you have mentioned.
PS the redditor who replied to you first repeated the same Djukanovic camp trope that this property in question was somehow taken from a non-existent Montenegrin church in 1918
Is there any option with "muh pensions" but without "fuck the EU"?
It's not, not anymore at least
The original house was from the 1920s, it fell into disrepair, there was a fire, and was finally torn down to the ground, and rebuilt as a replica, with the addition of that glass tower sticking out
False, look at the demographic I linked in a previous comment, there was always a majority there.
Hah, you're right, both "triangles" are just one counter-clockwise rotation away from going back to the original places
That doesn't look so bad tbh
I speak both Serbian and Croatian, i mean, they are dialects of the same language (Montenegrin and Bosnian is also here in the mix, according to the linguists), and my Bulgarian is bad, but I am practicing it because I have applied for Bulgarian citizenship
Other than that, it's cool
By tradition, this person brings luck, happiness and piece to the home
It's insane how people don't care about trash on the streets, and even get mad when you tell them to pick it up (one guy pulled out a knife on me when I told him to pick up his trash)
Especially with the ridiculous new requirements they have.
You can't blame the US for everything.
Eh that really isn't a frenemy
- Miloš - LošMi - personal name
It's only my user name
I like it but I'd like to experience living in another country aswell
And I can't believe any South Slavic diplomats would advocate for the annexation of any German-speaking area.
I am not alarmed by the prospect of the disentanglement of populations, nor even by these large transferences, which are more possible in modern conditions than they ever were before
Serbia is in a weird position where it tries to please both sides
1166/1371-Nemanjic age
You know that it is white, even before you know that it is a horse
It has actually happened and it is going to occur more often considering that the law has been passed.
[Moravian Serbia] the strongest of the petty states that emerged from the Serbian Empire
Our countrie's history is wierd, we are either trying to wipe the other off the face of the Earth, or being friends
not pizza imo but I'd definitely try that
Zahvaljujem se, zahvaljuješ se, zahvaljuje se, zahvaljujemo se, zahvaljujete se, zahvaljuju se - I, you, he/she/it, we, you, they thank someone
In the Netherlands I used the bank's mobile app to transfer the money for the car.
The two things you are mentioning are often mutually exclusive.
Pollution
KOSOVO IS SERBIA
I can understand all South Slavic languages like they're my native language
Ofc Poland had to be the outlier in the Slavs with their fmzceking es, ms, and zs
What they do to their workers, people in general with healthcare, the amount of crime,homelessness, racial tensions and all that i would prefer going somewhere else if i have to
A post-apocalyptic Walking Dead style warzone where people attack you with chainsaws, bats and bite your flesh off like zombies
Paris isn't a complete shithole as some media I used to follow made it up to be
The person who I was responding to didn't even mention Romania what are you on about
If you don't mind me asking, what in particular do you like about Serbia?
same goes for the rest of eastern european countries, except we didn't borrow money we knew we couldn't return
You can not rebrand liberalism to suddenly be about restricting individual freedom
Happy cake day
You are supposed to be arrogant , smart guy , subscribed to /DE and not falling for propaganda
But
I think immigrants assimilate better in the US than in Western Europe.
lol former Yugoslavia is just a big Bosnia circlejerk, and it's so accurate aswell haha.
Just because people are scared to complain it doesn't mean it is good - here are comments from Croat in Serbia how is to live in Serbia - čić_bojkotuje/db4a63n/
Today we have university on every street corner, degrees could be bought, curiculum for elementary and middle schools are archaic and burden to the students, who are left to learn on their own, if they want to know something other than basic stuff
However, being the idiot that I am I booked flights in May.
Milica, Natalija, Zorka, Jerina, I don't know anymore now
Just drawing a paralel, East wants to Separate from Ukraine cause it feels closer to Russia than to Ukraine.
[Sanja Ilić & Balkanika - Simonida] A song that kinda captures the tragedy of the Serbian people during the Ottoman occupation
He'd have some semblance about how military works
The issue is far from clear cut, but please refer to the advice given by the ICJ, which when asked by Serbia, advised Kosovo does have a right, but it states the advice is not necessarily applicable in all cases.
Naravno, u Vojvodini imaš i drugih naroda sa prezimenima sa takvim završecima, ali Makedonaca def ne baš mnogo)
*Bulgarian*
Nothing raises my blood pressure like when they flood the bus, and then 3 - 4 of them have to exit at every bus stop so people from the back can move and leave, and then they get back in.
Serbia can't even afford new MiG-29s M/M2s let alone the latest Gripen E, even if Sweden were willing to sell the Gripen to Serbia, which it isn't.
Well done neighbours
Have lived here for 10 years although I lived in Russia for 3 and Austria for 2 earlier
I guess she knows how stupid this war was
Serbia, Montenegro, and Bulgaria have been some of my favorites.
If other person told you specifically to be on time, you should do it
As if a random Russian citizen has anything to do with what the government and soldiers are doing...You ask a random Russian "what the fuck are you doing" the correct answer would be nothing, because there's virtually nothing he can do, they didn't even elect Putin, the whole "election" is just for show, nothing more so quit with this collectivist guilt tripping bullshit please.
Why isn't Serbia in any of these
But the specific problem of being wary of right wing authoritarians is likely due to Franco.
NATO chief "respects Serbia's neutrality, regrets victims"
Not really, because while Croatian and Serbian are similar, they are vastly different in some aspects.
The only thing even remotely criminal that ever happened to me was that someone took my gloves at uni a few years ago when I forgot them on a lobby chair
An Apple for the Men:
,, If goverment is scared of people then there is a democracy, if people are sacared of goverment then there is tyranny".
The bridal wreath allows the bride to stand out, protects her from evil entities, and also symbolizes fertility
Maan have you been anywhere outside of your first world echo chamber
Poor Spain :(
Its the moment I realized
Who Will Run the House:
• Slavic Balkan settlements
Though, now they transformed it into an external stage for festivals like Folk Fest, concerts etc
I really don't see Serbia joining without recognising Kosovo.
Except [Nikolai Patrushev] visited Serbia last week and bailed out arrested Russian citizens.
We're screwed
It's 2017 now and need to think for the future and not about past.
Trolls or not, the comments on Serbian news sites are a YouTube grade cesspool.
only the Balkans are allowed to do that
Montenegro went from orange to light blue in the meanwhile
That is the only way we can all heal
Would you consider Russia a threat to Finland
Actually Russian flag was inspired by Netherlands' back then :)
They simply haven't done enough to join the EU and their country really isn't compatible in its current form.
They haven't got much freedom considering that is forced onto them by their religion or their husband.
Underrated reply
Top left, he's driving  SK-105 Kürassier
Freude
And not to say ekavica/ijekavica speakers trying to speak the other one: adding j or removing it when it shouldn't be done and so on
In every movie  we are either whores, or gangstas or war criminals, violent, poor, stupid
Then we moved like 30 minutes bus drive away and I went with my parents during 2nd grade (8yo) but only because maybe I would lost myself in the city
though that's based on wikipedia page views
True, but Japan is mostly doing whatever US wants them to do, so they do have influence but are using it mostly to mirror US interests, so it's not really noticable currently
"Džon mejd hiz vej tu a tevrn tru d dark forest, onli tu fajnd aut det hi forgot d mani"
Serbia is one country that definitely should enter the EU, even if the future EU will be based on trade only.
We also have an expression with a toponym - "Tunguzija" - which refers to the Evenkiysky District in Russia
Yeah, but no bullets and war...
Many more as well just don't have time to name them all
US Ambassador: Washington’s policy towards Serbia will not change
Vienna is absolutely beautiful.
Also Dušan Silni (Dušan the Mighty) is idolized as the pinacle of what a fair, just and strong leader is
Nobody I know learn it or speaks it.
Absolutely hate turbofolk
Some fords are very nice - for example Focus RS and mustang gt (if you are middle-aged guy with a small penis)
First of all, it was very dirty, less impressive than I thought it would be and way too dangerous for me to enjoy my trip there
People like going to Timisoara, although the malls are a bit pricier than here
Even some Serbian people can't speak Serbian right
I'm sure the Scandinavians learned the folding from someone else, who was even more before the Japanese.
The government can't decide that without a referendum.
But I'm sure mostly are underage.
If you consider homophobia such a big problem (which it is), why don't you start by convincing your Orthodox Christian compatriots, who no doubt are far more numerous than the Muslims in Serbia?
There could be some kind of sunday school, or some kind of public outreach or something
Seriously, what has this guy actually achieved that earnt him this amount of popularity?
You can say this or you can say that, but it's a clear proof.
I think because of Exit festival, Petrovaradin fortress is more famous to foreigners
In this state, not a chance
That is not a european country bro
Meaning most don't care, some like him (boomers) and some don't. Even Nazi collaborator Milan Nedić is contraversial because yes he helped the Germans exterminate Serbias Jews but then again he saved and sheltered Serbs from the NDH and Nazies
This means that words that had Old Slavic sound [yat] (ѣ, ě), are pronounced different (vreme - vrijeme, mleko - mlijeko, lep - lijep)
another one of these threads....
In Serbian we have "Vukojebina" = place where wolves fck
I would have had trouble recognising it otherwise.
People in Belgrade and rest of towns didnt play part and did not support it, hell high % didnt even know
Wouldn't bee too cruel to feed them with their own meat?
One German people even country good
You forgot Serbian, Bosnian and Montenegrian
Can we please not post news from around here till the elections are over with?
Then from 1459-1804 part of Ottoman empire, uprising in 1804 great autonomy 1830, independence 1878 this lasted until 1915 when were occupied by Austrians, Germans and Bulgarians liberated in 1918, then kingdom of Yugoslavia until 1941 (1945 in exile) then commie times until end of Yugoslav wars 1995, union with Montenegro until 2006 and then modern day Republic of Serbia,
socially: Don't create draft, older people will act as if you invited death itself
He's not a Serbian hero and he came from a mixed marriage, what are you trying to prove?
Red Star Belgrade (Crvena Zvezda) in my opinion
- Food is also good , while the variety isn't really there , traditional Serbian restaurants are amazing
That being said, if you yourself are interested in moving a positive direction, your first comment to me should be so aggressive
So I took his bike and in an esplanade I started riding it like crazy and I thought to myself "HA, see, I can ride this thing
It's actually pretty similar here we like to drink coffee and do nothing as well
Basicaly, to inform friends, neighbours and distant relatives that a person has died, marking usualy when and where is the funeral and at the end, in bottom right corner, names of partner, children, grandchildren etc.
Do you know that [Staro Sajmiste] concentration camp was actually in Zemun occupied by Independent State of Croatia (NDH) at the time?
Milunka Savić - most military awarded woman in world i think that says enough
I know a few blacks of Senegal which were my classmates and they are mostly gentle to people.
This took a dark turn
Serbia, after using it in the cash machine once, and in Slovakia once.
No it does not
Greece (only NATO country that didn't bomb us, and we are both orthodox)
Of course, just as the cultural diversity of Europe is diverse, so are her people.
So imagine my shock when a couple of Bulgarians, a country we share a border with, and have had some major interaction with throughout history, asked me WHETHER DOGS ARE EATEN IN SERBIA
I'm not muslim bosnian im from Republic of Srpska
Ah well, that's no surprise then
Ze je za zelenu algu na dnu mora
edit: typo
rückwärts, as in backwards
The rest of Tuscany was absolutely breathtaking, though
I like how you can just walk in there, see things that were around during the 2nd century, walk a bit further, then see Yugoslavian artillery from WW2
Romania - tbf probably our best neighbour
So people are seeing material gains for country instead of Monetary and that's why you have this graph
I don't know, I knew Bulgaria was more Russia friendly than Romania, but not to the point where the majority would choose Russia when asked a question like this.
You mean Serbia is the Orthodox Croatia, considering that the Croats arrived first in the Balkans
ROMANIA HUNGRYYYYY
Skendi, Stavro (1967b)
A weapon sale isn't going to destabilize all relations.
Yes, did my 15 year old uncle deserve them too
Our hospitality
I often say ja as yes instead of da(yes in Serbian)
In which case Slovene can't be grouped together with Serbian, Croatian and Bosnian.
Now mind me I don't go around counting the number if pairs I see its just and estimate
Looks awfully like Serbia and Croatia.
Female: Jelena, Milica, Ana, Ljubica, Olivera some other definitely just can't think of them
I've never heard or read something from them.
Falcons of Europe - The Serbian Peregrine or Grey Falcon
Sure we can detain some African warlords, even some Serbian leaders, and now they think they can hold Israeli leaders accountable.
It is centuries
Only in the early 90s, after surge of nationalism and abolition of bans for return of Karađorđević royal family.
plenty of them had "brexit" banners on them, calling upon you to move your business to Ireland.
The French one was about a city(maybe region) of an area of France
class in the UK in general is very different.
What about alcohol then
The single biggest crime of the war (organ theft) was committed against Serbs, and is unresolved to this day.
What is the general opinion about the 1999 bombing in Romania
The socialist republics of Serbia and Croatia made a trade, with Serbia receiving Srem and Croatia in exchange receiving Istria.
N. Macedonia, Montenegro
Naisus aka modern Niš among them
Absolutely not, it's very rare
On the other hand there are many monasteries and churches from 13th century.
That's what i was refering to...
If by em you mean Albanians, I don't mind them, just hate a few specific ones (which if I talk about people assume I hate all Albanians and am faking and then I get banned)
In yyeeaarrss not a single snow flake
Was at this time Serbia not partially occupied by Austria-Hungary?
Because Serbia committed war crimes, they lost all claims on neighboring countries in the eyes of the international community.
Serbia-Bosnia-Albania-Kosovo-Macedonia is a can of worms the EU shouldn't yet be a part of.
We see it as negative, especially for social events, even public social events as concerts
(they called them "madjarice" - Hungarian)
But when did evidence ever stop the US to start escalating with another country?
As I say, I would understand it to only about 60%, and it isn't N Korea, to be fair, but I just think, it's hard for any of us not to be a prisoner of our history, and we've all got an axe or two to grind.
Just because we are a third world country does not mean that we are poor, but that we did not choose a side in the Cold War
It's irrelevant, countries and governments have continuity.
If Croatia is acting unilaterally, so would Serbia, there shouldn't really be a question about that.
Weak
They both use "shite", so they're 100% the same.
Belgrade, Ljubljana, and Zagreb are capital cities so endless possibilities there.
Former president Tomislav Nikolic, being an irredeemable boomer when it comes to technology, the internet and such, once famously said *"I'd comment on social media too, but I don't know their phone number"* because he thought he needed to physically, like, I guess dial, say Facebook or Twitter up and ask someone in some call center to leave a comment
Od moda srbije do moda evrope
dIvErSity Is OuR sTrEnGtH
Yes we all know, every conflict where Serbia is involved it was the victim of outside aggression.
We just say that someone threw a spoon
what do you have against Serbia and Serbs so much?
It literally felt exactly like a commie block in my city but the whole city is like that and extremely hot in the summer
Also the Albanians in Kosovo were killing the Yugoslav police and millitary there which is why the war even started
It is not the same thing, nor is the isolationism the official British policy ( *Global Britain*, right?).
For example, the Slavs who invaded Serbia were outnumbered by the locals, yet they still managed to subdue them and Slavicize them.
The resolution reaffirms calls for "substantial autonomy and meaningful self-administration for Kosovo".
I understand Early Modern and Middle English
Niko is not a Serbian name or nickname, and while there is a surname Belić exists, Bellic is super weird because there is no double l in Serbian and double letters in general are not common except a few, maybe (4-5) exceptions
Its part of our history too, and burning it as a retaliation was stupid thing to do.
This is one of the most brigaded threads I've seen here in a while.
What is it
Saban Saulic
18 years since the beginning of NATO bombardment of Yugoslavia
Gavrilo Princip is mentioned but his ethnicity is not emphasized so him being Serb is a minor detail.
Serbia PM Vucic To Meet Montenegrin Serbs After Coup Claims
But that system was designed to be highly informal and those court hearings that all ended in rejections were just preliminary ones to establish the applicant's right to submit an asylum application, not to get one or not.
It's not in the infinitive form (which would be "uspraviti") so you won't find it in a dictionary
It's common around here for women to talk about it, especially among themselves
We use a card or cash, but there's a special trick
We also say lopata for shovel
Also, ~1
Niva still holds on, though, especially in rural environments
In Serbian we call it puškica which means a small gun
- Like an elephant in a glass store
And these numbers aren't collected from 'odd jobs'.
The Resolution states that the UN will decide Kosovos political future while it stays under Serbia, hence why Serbia argues that the 2008 declarattion of independence is illegal, UN didn't declare it 'representative of the people of Kosovo' did.
Completely of their own decision,” Ivan Miskovic, a spokesperson for Serbia's Commissariate of Refugees and Migrants, told TRT World.
That wasnt Stambolic, Stambolic was killed and buried
In literally means Healthy and Hello
We have a grudge with every country in eastern Europe (except maybe Russia) and more
It looks exactly like this at this time of the year
About 20€ per week
Pretty much every adult in Europe and North America knows about it
Not even in Italy people say hello to strangers, you can expect a bad stare at maximum, and if you are an immigrant from Africa wearing worn out clothes you could even get insulted or yelled.
Nothing spectacular came from it though, next emperor (his son) was also the last
*Check,Slovakian*
hahaha trust me, you find daisies like this in Serbian music as well.
I would say
Great great grandfather fought in the first and second Balkan War and was a personal friend of the Montenegrin King and had plenty of awards
Guess that can be contributed to Serbs being one of the targeted groups of the Holocaust, along with Jews,Poles,Roma etc.
I know that's why I'm mentioning it
the passports had different designs per kingdom but they were essentially AH passports and were regulated as such (in terms of foreign relations).
It was adopted in 1835 in my hometown of Kragujevac.
Nije potrebno da je jedinica, uvek u okviru porodice moze da se dogovori da se slavi i slava zene (znaci i jedna i druga, slava zene ne bi zamenila muzevu slavu)         Najjednosavnije : muzeva obavezna ; zenina opcionalna
Since it is a part of Serbia, Yes, Yes it is.
And Serbia and Montenegro are currently fast-tracking negotiations with 2020 goal in eyes (I say chances are 50/50).
If anything happens to him, keys for his insurance files will be released.
And after you're addicted it both relaxes you and your addiction
So no worries about that
Of course it could be a historical map or something because Serbian lords had conquered parts of Greece, but I don't know.
Just a solid black screen on desktop
Not even close has Serbia acted like Turkey in any way.
Other slavic languages, not so well
"and thank god for that
If your grandparents or parents moved away to another country but you want to return you should be able to get citizenship
When did you start attending primary school, when you were 6?
Netherlands, Belgium, UK, Ireland, Luxembourg, France, Spain, Germany, Czech Republic, Austria, Italy, Slovenia, Hungary, Croatia, Bosnia, Serbia and Turkey if we count it as European.
Its best encapsulated by these words: "Earthly is a small empire, while heavenly is for ever".
I don't drink a lot and I get drunk easily
I'd probably say our hospitality
Actually, Kosovo is rich in some natural minerals and gases, also, cultural riches are there too, a lot of monasteries and churches (well at least the ones that weren't desecrated by Albanians) are there, and god damn it its 1/6th (i think) of Serbias territory, no one in their right mind would let it slide off easily.
This was just the stuff from the major elections
I do not want that any Slavic nation suffers.
Generally the old people mostly are Russophile because of their nostalgic reasons.
> Serbia never normalized the Kosovo-Serbia
It's Hungarian influence
Boli me uvo - my ear hurts
Czech, Slovak: 35-40%, sounds like Serbian, but simplified to the level I cannot understand it anymore
Using your logic, the Croatian checkerboard would be tainted as well.
I dont think you realize how different the positions between former Yugoslavia countries were
So in 27 years he didn't changed his papers?
Measuring distances in bike rides
In WW1 Serbia's losses were more than 25% of entire population
Right after Croatian Republic of Herzeg Bosnia?
We were a tiny newly independent country that had just come out of a series of wars since the liberation (uprisings all throughout the 19th century, liberation in 1878.)to 1914.
Putin might be bad and everything, but Navalny is the most racist piece of shit that could be born
You can have stereotypes and ask about them or you can skip them
Ukraine is seen by some in NATO as a potential future member and it would be good for NATOs strategic interests for them to have as much land as possible.
Again, war crimes, and crimes in general do not fade in time.
Don't turn him into a victim, then he will have even more reasons (and this time actual ones) to yell about how the EU opresses him and his people.
"Zetsko-južnosandžački" and "istočno-hercegovački" belong inside ijekavian, while "posavski", "young ikavian" and "Istarski ikavian" belong inside ikavian dialect
That politically, nothing will have changed.
Relate
Not EU but I believe only citizens should be allowed to vote including citizens living outside the country
You might even hang out with a putin fanboi and never know of it.
If you have any questions feel free to ask.
Do I need to say anything
I wasn't into learning languages at the time 2.
Marks Square in Venice is breathtaking
If you want to have tough immigration laws you have to leave the EU.
1: Hungarian border - Belgrade
One would think that we appreciate culture that much just by drilling holes any time of a 24h day
Also, it doesn't have to have -ić at all
It's popular with rural folks, but for city ones it's not that popular
President
I assume the three choices would be joining Serbia, joining Albania and independence.
Have no idea
Did the Croatian army not come near Banja Luka without Serbia even mobilizing its army?
Don't quote me on this one but in Serbian word "Tepsija" meaning "casserole" came from Chinese, and word "Kovceg" meaning "Chest" came from Mongolian i suspect these words came via Turkish
Greec for not bombing us in 1999, and of course i want to thank every country that does not recognize kosovo
Because belive it or not, we are still in Europe and EU effects us also
American products and fast food appeared long ago but they just coexist with other stuff we have.
For me Polish sounds like a German trying to speak Russian while having a stroke
As I pointed out to u/Helskrim on another branch of this thread, relations were much worse with the local bureaucracy of the Ottoman Empire than with local Albanian civilians
HOI4
Orwell rejected false equivalences between liberal democracies and the USSR, most notably via his book "Animal Farm" but also in other writings
Serbians have Kamienek which is stone/boulder
Germany was allied with Austria-Hungary.
I really hope there will be not a real war, still, moving all this military equipment because Obama administration is desperate do provoke in any possible way Russia, before the presidency of Trump, it's literally a total waste of American taxpayers money.
Did you ever asked your self why all western factories went there comparing to ex-Yu countries
And I know a lot of people
It’s cultural thing, really
because Serbia would have razed Albania from the face of the earth
we still study latin in most of the highschools.
If there isn't any problem with Montenergo's flag being so similar to Serbia's then there should be no problems with Kosovo having a flag so similar to Albania's.
10 RSD - 2 shitty bubble gums
I myself self am part of that demographic and it really sadness me when such ignorance is spewed with no basis on factual argumentation whatsoever.
Vucic is considered a "Serbian liberal politician"
Most of Serbian Russophiles are concentrated in two opposition parties Radicals (far-right) and Dveri (right wing conservatives), and both parties (with combined
Also one you don't usually pay attention to: *Rác*(Serbian)-*keve*(which is Old Hungarian for stone, cf.
True, but Japan is mostly doing whatever US wants them to do, so they do have influence but are using it mostly to mirror US interests, so it's not really noticable currently
(Bacio kašiku) (Бацио кашику)
*Some countries did not choose these colors (Poland, North Macedonia, Bulgaria, Belarus and Ukraine)
Serbia: F*ck off, this belongs to me!
I'm just curious, why didn't you reintegrate Kosovo to Serbia, if territorial integrity is of such importance?
The Bulgarian one doesn`t only include the green but also the dark red that overlaps with Serbian(which consists of the two red shades).
I feel it's kid of similar, but hey my country is goung to shit
Yes, we are using two writting systems and can write in both Latin and Cyrillic
As an MD at work when using medical systems I have to write in Latin, which is  there out of inertia and convenience in order to not switch constantly between Cyrillic and Latin when writing out diagnosis and other Latin (language) medical terms
English language and literature student asking
Actually the dutch couldn't do anything...so no one can blame them.
No Pearls:
Kuća - Ćaku
Politically and artistically very important
Usualy afer 6 months or year it's mostly family who does that.
Reduced to a piece of jiggly furniture
so I think it most likely came from Latin but I'm not sure if the Czech *-ie* came from Latin or Germanic.
If the Serb majority regions of Kosovo join Serbia, then by the same logic Preševo and Bujanovac should join Kosovo.
It goes deeper than Russia invading Ukraine
Portuguese sound like Spanish except the person talking is having a stroke
Dmitry also notes that there are specific targets for the Balkan countries in case they join it.
Jeez
Serbia was under years of Ottoman occupation and was pretty underdeveloped unlike Slovenia and Croatia who were under the civilized Austrians.
Same goes for Balkans people when it comes to Baltics, many don't know the difference between Latvia and Lithuania.
I was 3 years old when I had a first opportunity to hear it on tv
There aren't many potential European members left.
Tito
A drunk Serb wanted to fire a canon in 1804 in the middle of the night and ended up killing the Ottoman officer who commanded the local army which fought the Serbian revolutionaries
Don't worry this guy isn't even Slovenian.
We came from Croats being fascist to fascism denial in Serbia.
Nowadays they use the shitty materials and cheap out on everything
which tend to be worth a few million euro
Oh but also when I said correct position I meant like politically
Romans used to call it Singidunum before that
In Bosnia people love him because their 'golden' days were when he was leading.
Yall fought each other in Balkan War 2
Oh, fuckin' [ Ljubomir Vračarević]čarević) gonna kick all y'all's asses!
This happened to me, forgot that Serbia isn't in EU when driving to Bulgaria in summer and had to pay 80€ for 5MB of data because of a quick lookup on Google Maps.
Tho this is whole population thats older than 15 years in 2011 so this is most likely different than now but still interesting nevertheless
Please, just ban that shit already
Russian and Macedonian because it's really similar
Every single policeman gor a handgun in their holster in Serbia
It's very interesting that Montenegro is not a Russian/Serbian puppet state.
I come here every now and then to get reminded how hateful, xenophobic and hypocritical young people all over Europe are.
How are the Amazon workers treated in your countries
So by your logic Estonia, being Northeastern, can be Northern Europe, but Serbia, being Southeastern, cannot be Southern Europe?
Early in the morning everyone goes to church
Females will fly 1–3 km before laying their eggs on the river, which then sink to the bottom
I want state control over everything, some kind of regulation
Modern Serbian is different language
Supper old one witch is not in use like past 1300ish years but its part of culture now
And so on and so forth spreading lies ..
I'm really interested about that
If Serbia wants Kosovo back now is the time to pressure the US through its ties with Putin.
That sweet sweet EU money will never be ours after all
It's just sad how much fucking propaganda is west under,and you don't even realize
And it's 1 day after Serbia's dan državnosti (don't know how to translate it, maybe country day
Yeah, same goes for us
But you are always trolling so i guess this thread is no exception.
But not on beer and all that shit
In my country we call them "Češka" since forever, and that name is more similar to Czechia than to Czech republic, so I don't really mind the difference
And those 3 are still being thought in Serbia, you choose one of those, but guess what?
Iranian companies will be bought by American businessmen and American businesses will start opening up in Iran, don't forget that
TIL doduse nikog nisam cuo da izgovara Scott kao Skat
This is also why the EU is helpful, because when half of Europe has the same or similar worker rights and tax rates, the companies don't have much choice
So if you know German, you're good and ready to roll in quite a few countries ( Austria, Germany, Switzerland and probably to some degree in Hungary, Cezchia maybe even Poland because people there know German).
In Serbia, we have two official alphabets: cyrillic (traditional) and latin
And germans were told jews were responsible for their troubles.
Nahh, it's just shows how retarded creator of this map really is.
Ich nicht spricht deutschland
I do remember when I was 11 year old and in shelter due to Serbian airplanes and shellings.
Now mind me I don't go around counting the number if pairs I see its just and estimate
Named himself preasident for life during the socialism era
Second link works
I speak French too and it's a billion times harder to learn than English, imo
For us, they are Albanian regardless of their religion.
Integration does not mean that everybody is the same, at least that's not what I understad the word to mean
[Bulgaria is not fighting with Greece,Serbia,Romania,Turkey and Montenegro?]
[Tesla's family tree on r/croatia.]
NATO would shit on them and they could forget joining EU.
Maybe you should stop making enemies of them.
Article about the court ruling in the oppositions favor, it's in Serbian but I guess Google translate will be enough to validate my claims:
In Serbia people who call themselves nazi or racist are mostly some hooligan firms who follow that skinhead culture there are not many of them and I don't see that there can be a lot of secrets about or secret plans around them they mostly seem as some hooligans who want to act most aggressively against mainstream, on other side I heard that Arayan brotherhood in the US does drug trade so I guess that there are some secrets there to be protected
Serbian forces from Montenegro were fighting Napoleon's forces in in the Bay of Kotor instead of advancing against the Turks and linking up with forces from Serbia proper
Does it count if I spoke in another language so my parents couldn't hear me
Give it a decade or two, it will certainly even out the deniers and the educated
grape rakija -> loza/lozovaca
Just imagine that you are a 1 year old and you are learning your native language
Ditto <3
Novi Sad (350k) - visually more pleasing than Belgrade, home to one of Europe's most famous festivals, Exit
I had everything on your list and it's completely normal as far as I know
A big chunk of mafia is extermanated and whats left of it is probably in goverment control.
what were you doing in serbia in 1999?
The battle of Kosovo was a stalemate, and I'd say the battle of Maritsa hit us harder
Pretty common names today aswell
Everything got a facelift compared to what it looked like ten-fifteen years ago
Those are the best for starting a brawl
So there's no way you can write Ukrainian with Latin alphabet
First one are the Serbs and second one is the Black Sea
they need to activate windows
Accept your peoples war crimes too, and then come to teach me about morals.
VVD doesn't really fit with ALDE in my opinion.
To bre
Thats not a provocation, and besides, even if it was, Serbs have stood and listened to Albanian and Kosovar provocations for far too long.
Mississippi
To quote my colleague, differences between those are smaller than between Bavarian and standard German.
" which actually means "I really care
Das ist schlecht
During Kostunica and Djindjic, not during Milosevic.
Jao izvini, moja greska
Ba chiar putem sa adaugam [doua limbi straine...]
Menta is perfect, I like it cold, camomile is also very nice
And if you come to someones house we will feed you, and give you drinks till you burst
If not, do nothing
They aren't that popular as they used to be though (now they are mixed with techno and rap).
most popular brand - 1.70€ for 220 g.
Orban seems pretty tough but sadly he's quite short
Come and join the Serbian Union, my sweet summer child.
any answer different from montenegro is incorrect to be honest
Mi tu*
Did I say something negative for Serbia now?
It's the man who turned from chauvinist to biggest European in SRB in matter of few years.
Can any serbs here tell me if that makes the car comparably cheaper than other cars?
) gender and the Moon got male gender
I through that it's the same in every country, but I'm really wrong
I just know about Serbians favourable view of Russia and I wrote how to change things in the eyes of EU.
The same goes for Belgrade
It's amazing how huge Moscow is
We brought along many bottles from Hungary, I didn't really like Brandy before but Palinka is almost too tasty for its own good.
Throw into the mix Croats, Slovenes and Albanians that were still ruled by Austria - Hungary when wave of nationalism striked Europe, lot of ethnically mixed regions which are claimed by multiple nationalities, and it's obvious why there were (and still are) so many disputes and clashes in the region
We honestly gain nothing from placing sanctions on Russia, and loose a lot by doing so.
Marks Square in Venice is breathtaking
So Kosovo's government is asking the EU to ask Serbia to stop it.
while in europe even the 2nd generation immigrants are seen as foreigners, despite being culturally integrated.
It's marketing wank for something that is better done by doing 4g properly
romanian corruption was worse and it got cleared with the help of the EU
Same here
I lived with three host families, and have many friends who're exchange students
The french movie “La Haine” in Belgrade (Yugoslavia) in the late 90s. After the bombing of Belgrade and before the fall of Milosević. Focused on the Belgrade youth
For carrying, it is even more complicated, and there is just a little window to use it in our judicial system
Ja zivim u Srbiji lol a i nikad necemo ni uci
For instance when you give them a bigger bill they always complain or sometimes when they see you literally running towards the bus they go on purpose and they make a sarcastic shrug every time
This right is the reason why Kosovo shouldn't get into the UNESCO or any other heritage preservation organization.
But but I thought we love each other now.
Bulgaria
[Video of the occurrence
It has a president who the parlament chooses but it does not recommend the candidates, that right belongs to a seperate entity called the high judicial council which also chooses the number of judges and the parlament just picks them to be the judges
Candies were part of the commemoration of the day when [Dubrovnik endured heaviest attack by Serbian and Montenegrin forces] in 1991, mixed with Saint Nicholas day.
Not much can be expected of us in this matter since the EU itself can't demand recognition for membership
New Year is usually spent with friends tho (like partying and that stuff), and Christmas is a very close familly day with usually no presents, but usually expensive feast takes place, its sort of like US Thanksgiving (tho some people still go to party for Christmas, which is nonsence)
Now they're on the streets rioting about the outcome which wasn't what they expected lol.
According to [Wikipedia] you can go to Serbia without a visa.
You're also correct that it would be political suicide even to suggest such a thing
Hungarian women
Then I'm reminded of it from time to time, and I chuckle.
We've always had a thing about too big to handle country
In Serbia we envy you a bit
Edit: I am simply curious to the extent of their agenda pushing and bias.
It looks exactly like this at this time of the year
Start with not calling their government a dictatorship.
The feeling is mutual, I think that our government should bring more exposure of Serbs to the Baltic states, they would be avoiding EU like vampires avoid cross
'Bože Pravde' means 'God of justice'
Great people, beautiful nature, and best neighbours by far
It won its independence and is on the same level as Serbia now, now Mitrovica.
Edit:6th century slavic migration, not 9th
This is about a Macedonian-Albanian issue and has absolutely nothing to do with Serbia.
Something something
Plenty of other trigger words, not Tito though, I don't think.
Honorable mentions to all EX Yugoslav countries, especially Croatia (although we didn't have much shared history before 20th century)
That's what I'm saying, they can send these kind of trains around their Serbian borders, don't send it elsewhere, especially to people that hate you, that "Kosovo is Serbia" train just makes no sense.
Leave it to borderline cult like fans of EU to compare Putin to Hitler
Kosovo isn't a country
It would suck and i would die but i wanna see if we lived on Balkan peninsula or we are Immigrants like other nations
Albania is the closest to qualifying for EU membership however, due to its large muslim population, countries like France and Belgium are also likely to veto its application unless there is good reason why they should be allowed to join.
So we are basically mordor
Welcome to Europe
it would pass, as all Serbs, Romanis and many others have been driven out.
what does that picture have to do with communism?
> That clearly a decision based on cost-benefit analysis that serbian nation did
Only rule is to allways us the same name), and then family name
I mean I wouldn't be able to believe myself either if I was from USA
There's a reason why so many of us like to go to your country, it's because that's one of the countries where the people make us feel at home the most.
Oh yeah
Menpower is not everything in a war, good equippet is even more importent.
They also caused 2 bloody wars in Bosnia and Croatia which was also one of the reasons for the quick Nato reaction in Kosovo.
Well, mostly I am Serbian, but I've got ancestors from Croatia (great-grandmother), and from Bulgaria (great-grandfather)
Also saying "fingers" when I really mean "toes". No toes in Serbian, just hand fingers and foot fingers, lol
You can understand some Bulgarian, Russian, Ukrainian, Macedonian and probably Czech
Simplicity and quality
Balkans in general is drowning in reggaeton these days
Nowdays they lost licence of production to yaffa, and now eurokrem is just black and white misery
If this was in Serbia we would face sanctions and be forced to apologize right now, just saying...
I mean in the context of Serbia.
Also in the original article the picture is different than this one and you can see a PS4 controller in the back + a wifi router
So he is the CHP candidate, if there is a second round with whom will the voters of other parties nationalist, kurdish allign with him or with Erdogan
Ohhhh yes, maybe they should have waited for Serbian leadership to get enlightened and see their wrongdoing...
While those who live outside Serbia in diaspora including young people are willing to join EU.
Sounds like you need some anxiolytic medication...
Does shame even exist as a concept inside your mind?
This guy's meat is so good it's unreal.
The issue here is serbian attitude towards the EU.
We weren't really friendly but we had a common enemy
No, I am from Serbia
Croatia will now most likely buy/lease the Gripen as a response to these Serbian acquisitions.
I highly recommend watching it
Everyone was really nice to me.
It's a win-win situation for all of us !
I know Russia invaded Montenegro and Serbia but since when did they invade the rest of the Balkans?
And there are alot more traditions but they are more limited to some parts of serbia, so not all people do them
And this is something you notice, we are getting more homeless people and nuts people in the street
Similar to you, I thought our barbecue street food was universal
Tbh I don't get how so many can say that EU made Europe weaker.
Wake up at 7am
can't even begin to look for the actual movies but usually when there is a "Serbian" in an American film, it is a brute, a terrorist or something like that, speaks Russian or gibberish, and has a name that no one who knows anything about Serbia would deem Serbian
These guests will then drink from the flask and decorate it with money
WHEN THE SOLAR SYSTEM SENDS THEIR PEOPLE, THEY'RE NOT SENDING THEIR BEST!!!
I have at no point said that you are either lazy or cheaters.
Isn't a federation a means of integrating different entities together
• This only proves my point because the first thing Tito did was split core Serbia into Macedonia and Montenegro, give a large amount of Serbian territory to Croatia and Bosnia and cripple the Serbian government by separating it into two provinces
You have to take a huge swing to get from Le Pen to left wing.
Montenegrins basically speak Serbian, Croatian or Bosnia, which are all the same.
Other things are pretty good here
He's quite articulate, and according to him well educated, but is a Nazi.
We are the same peoples divided by religions, and that's it, that is where the differences being and end
We eat Burek and pljeskavica much more
The sweet delusions some people have.
Lmao separating trash in Serbia
Romania: [Look at me, I'm Serbia now]
The Serbian government played along, but they haven't actually said anything of substance.
I think the German word for border "grenzen" comes from some Slavic language
dunno what you mean, but he has edited his post after mine.
This picture is fascinating
And how are they different than those liberals
Even during communism not everything was made to be the exactly the same quality, you still had cheaper buildings and more expensive ones
Milica, Natalija, Zorka, Jerina, I don't know anymore now
Almost every arthical there is has a Serbian translation
Even Germans didn't want to do anything with him, and he was a Nazi in Serbia
Olympic-level women's basketball teams practice against high school boys' teams.
I'm a Hungarian minority born in Serbia, and my parents, grand parents and great grand parents were also all born here
The main problem is that politicians want someone else to solve the problems they are tasked with.
You can even use imperative
We generally like Macedonia and Macedonians.
Alcohol makes most people feel happier and more open to socializing, not really a mystery
In Serbian The Sun got middle (there are like 3 genders when saying male female and like object gender
Sadly, chances are this will never happen.
I've said it that it is not recognized by Serbia, but the fact is that Kosovo is an independent state and has almost everything an independent state should have, so Serbians can go on saying that Kosovo is Serbia but it is not and it will never be.
Bulgarians don't hate Serbia for like more than 100 years
Serbia on the other hand has been on some of these maps, but i rarely see Bosnia on them O.o
You have both quotes in these two videos
don't get me wrong, the city is nice and all if all that you look for is spending money and clubbing, but except for that, there is nothing special about it
There's small differences that aren't noticeable like saying Europa for Europe in Croatia but we say Evropa with a 'v'.
It won't be us that misses freedom of movement.
Those churches are art historical treasures that aren’t only important to some crazy nationalists.
There is a bit difference in our language
I am just adding a predecessor and applying the same logic to us.
(Whom
Those also get approved 90% of the time.
Many bosnian-serbs went to Serbia after the war I guess..
The German, Austrian and Polish ones look badass.
alright since you bosniaks like using Sandzak as a counter argument let's have it.
UK strongly supports accession of Serbia.
niko ne bi rizikovao da se sukobljava *domen*obranima
In first grade we learn printed-like letters, but in second grade we learn cursive letters
[It worked well for Kosovo Albanians.]#Demographics)
[Chetniks at least saved people, while you didn't.]
Umm
That and Neda Ukraden meme, which is hilarious
I just found it amusing you said "Serbian nationalists" call him a Serb...
I was repeteadly told by friends in higher position that if I was a decent looking woman as opposed to a man, I would've had higher position in my firm in no time.
Where I am now, I have access to TV news from various locations in assorted lingos, including from Serbia, Croatia and Bosnia.
Du bist nix für mi ois a kloana gschissena Viutrottl, I gabat da so a Wotschn wirs di Wölt no net gsegn hot, host me?
Yeah right, comparing 19th century facts where a country invaded, occupied for centuries and imposed their religion in other countries, is the same as comparing facts in 2016 about 2 ethnicities inside the same country.
He obviously wants to change that.
The Most Serbian of Albanian Towns
he's comparing 2004 in which dollar was strong to 2008 in which economic crisis started and hit dollar a lot.
No post-WW2 European country ever faced this type of issues at this scale before.
Nowadays they use the shitty materials and cheap out on everything
If he was still alive he would understand the difference between closed-circuit television of a public space and (for example) the kind of surveillance that occurs in China
Trump tweeted about bombing Serbia and then deleted the tweet - screenshot
And how exactly would you use NAVY vs Serbia if Serbia has no access to the sea..?
All countries agreed on Serbia's accession.
Neighboring Ottoman and Austrian Empires as well as the Russian empire didn't have their own constitutions at the time and feared that it would serve as a dangerous intellectual contagion, so they quickly suppressed it.
Thankfully, Duolingo is here to help.
Other countries apart from Kosovo were already independent by the time you were born.
Yes because all Yugoslavs were Serbs and all Yugoslavs hated Albanians /s
So you actually want Serbia to get what, bombed by NATO?
I always thought Serbia and Greece are bros
I'm not sure it's a fair comparison, the economic inequality is vast in the US, but even with it, the US has GDP per capita that is even higher than that of Sweden
Ah izvini, editovao sam komentar kako treba
The Young Turks' regime was truly brutal.
Whenever a heavier rain falls, the city is flooded
Maybe the Ottomans brought more than just tasty tasty Börek to Serbia.
Serbia is around 183 which is 6 feet.
Those parents should be jailed.
The pres has a mandate of 5 years and CANNOT be re elected again
Btw there was a rumour recently that a very influencial crook, friends with Ponta, is hiding in Serbia.
Mislio sam da si mi odgovorio na jedan drugi komentar gde pricam o glasovnim promenama, nisam pogledao
Couldn't even get into Saint Mark's Campanile (the tower) due to the huge amount of Chinese tourists
I can't understand being proud of where I was born, I had no choice in the matter.
I think it doesn't look bad, but can't compare to the original
He could have managed to get the support of the Serbs, Romanians and even Croats but his policies alianated the minorities and from their perspective a free and independent Hungary would have even been worse than the status quo.
In Serbia everyone uses it, and it can be spelled like OK/Ok (most common), okay, okej or oke
That's not such a huge percentage, but, then again, neither is the one that the guy I replied to made such a fuss about.
Of course we declined and continued fighting for independence, Russia pulled out of the war and in the end we had even less rights than before the uprising
My condolences for Greece and France
Baba Roga is an old ugly witch that was used to scare children who didn't behave
I agree that some of them are honest and good people and i recognize the prejudice they are facing, but it's not the rest of us who are supposed to force ourselves to respect them and force them to get educated and do something with their lives, it's them who need to start improving to earn our respect.
To be honest, I totally get that
\- Beautiful (but very demanding) girls all around, though they're distinct from each other depending on a country and regions within countries
Don't forget that soon after his death the Serbian Radical Party got more than 30% in the elections.
That's why he said it feels to Serbia like they lost territories.
Some of the villages are completely empty and they look pretty creepy with all the empty houses and barns
Ulrich sound badass to be honest
Da, sa desne strane na slici pa na kraju, ugao keja i Aristotela.
This doesn't mean that Danish people are religious.
Which side are they backing that would warrant calling them a 'propaganda outlet'?
Expensive hookers
We have plenty of Serbian and Bosnian immigrants here that brought it here and still practice it.
Vrište mi jaja - my balls are screaming
Why would Serbia want Albanian land so bad is the real question..
It would look like this:
and there's that whole thing about the work culture which is even worse.
oh and we need to remove some classes, add some and increase/decrease importance of certain ones
You're forgetting the centuries of oppression under the Ottomans, so i don't think we are friends
Wirelles power transfer, earthquake machine, electric supersonic plane, Ray of death
In Serbia ita 'отаџбина' (otadžbina) literally means home land
I dont think it will escalate into ww3
Niva still holds on, though, especially in rural environments
I was wondering if anyone might have some suggestions as to possible ways to go.
That one gossip girl who knows everything about everyone
Serbia's the guy that is always looking for the best employee above them and wants to develop a good enough relationship with them to get promoted without actually doing any work
If this had occurred, rise of fascism in Italy could be avoided, Yugoslavia and all its problems would never exist, Serbia would have to deal only with Macedonian separatist ( maybe partition of Macedonia with Bulgaria would solve that too) and you would have all Serbs living in the single state, opposed to what, 4(5)
Oldest has to be Greece though, we were on good terms with them since ever
It's a bit soulless, I admit, but it looks nice
Italian apple farmers for example.
Feels bad about us colorblind persons
Similar thing in Serbian, "What which dick?".
We need to be together at these times and unite for a better future
which is just: *Daj mi flašu kisele
That last dynasty fostered the pro serbian sentiment in Bosnia and other parts of the AU empire and was actively supporting the underground organisations to which Gavrilo Princip belonged.
gritty in some parts, but there are so many wonderful things to see, such an interesting city
From there on, you can elaborate more theories by focusing on all sorts of small differences between today's Montenegro and Serbia and ignoring the big similarities.
I pretty much write only in Latin unless I'm required to write in Cyrillic, or if the document I'm filling out is in Cyrillic
Russian: 20-32%, same as Bulgarian, some of the words straight up sound like Serbian words but shortened and said fast, probably couldnt hold a conversation
Why is Kosovo googling itself
And unfortunately I no longer live in Poland (for better or worse), it's the UK for me atm, and flights to Serbia from here are more expensive.
€60bn is pretty much our GDP...
Thank you for taking the time to write a detailed post.
3 submissions about Serbia and in none of those it was criticised that Serbia deployed so many police forces though it was mentioned.
The EU *is being run* at a national level.
As if your opinion is worth anything lol.
I sure do love me some milk
Maybe change it to "Golden Horde goes brrr"? Or maybe "Horse archers go pewpew"?
From that point onward, both ethnic groups had recent experiences of massive victimization that could be used to justify 'revenge' attacks
Yeah and built a hospital and few schools so the people can become literate
haha literally what was the point of this comment
Positive view on immigrants from : Serbia, Ukraine, Russia
Man, the whole of Europe's done so many things on the world stage, for better or worse, that it exhausted itself
TALK
It actually is, how about you learn some geography first?
People are so overreacting to Trump it's awkward at this point.
Those metrics have nothing to do with 'cultural closeness'.
Wait until you hear the salaries of the Spanish SECOND league minimum salary - 77
Crna gora is of slavic origin, while montenegro is of romance.
Campaign video for a presidential candidate in Serbia
finally
There are some age caveats here though.
Literally nothing to see or do there except take a picture and leave
We would freeze just by looking at him
For the life of me I can't figure it out, but you'll find a bunch of people with these smart ideas
Austria gave fair ultimatum to Serbia and Serbia declined it.
We also learn about other major cultures, and spend some time with them, like Mongolian empire or Huns among others
Not judging or anything, just wondering
Germany already granted asylum to hundreds of thousands of Syrian men, and you can bet that thousands of them (if not more) are islamists and have blood on their hands.
After Yugoslav wars, a lot of refugees from Bosnia and Croatia (and some from Kosovo but they're mostly in central Serbia) settled in Vojvodina, and they're not very popular among the local population.
I mean, have you *ever* met a cheerful Finn?
When it happened c type didn't exist and lightning was brandly new on iphone 5
EDIT: Yep
we also aren't of the opinion that Germany should be allowed to dictate to other EU countries how many refugees they must accept.
The first two are in Greece btw
Airplane network is Scale free network (  while railway network is Random network, which means it is easy to add (or remove) one airplane from Budapest to Barcelona in almost any time, while that is almost not possible with trains
just curious though, what makes you think kosovo wouldn't be allowed to join albania?
If you look back I was actually arguing your point about western European countries being patriarchal, not the "official" feminist definition/claim.
Yeah, but it's not as disastrous as people say it is
For example Paris is a big fashion capital for France, however I'd say Milan is The Capital for European fashion
His most popular phrases: 'Silence over there
you got a loicence for that opinion
Without a doubt he is, i love stories of distinguished people in epic battles
Ambassador, many of us however don't.
Some chocolates, for example, have lower cocoa content in the East.
Ancient Belgrade
The waitress told us herself that if we can't finish our food, we can ask her and she will wrap it up for us
Make it into a possessive form, because they are *his* kids (Jovanov, Kovačev)
And only numbers up to 4 can be declined
it sounds like an awful idea honestly
We say in Serbian: "Ја возим бициклу." Which exactly translated means: "I drive a bike
Thank god she has a right on a nurse....
Before the wedding ceremony, the bride will drink from a glass, toast, and then throw the glass
When I have a choice I use Cyrillic almost exclusively
Do you have a source
Romania is 80 km from my city, but I never visited it.
Oh come on Serbia, this is a rite of passage, every Balkan Bro gives the other one an initiation wedgie...you can do it to Bosnia, Macedonia or Kosovo when they attempt to start the talks.
I don't see how they can ever be fully integrated into Serbia, given the history of conflict/oppression.
There are four of MiG-29s, three working, one of those being the training version.
Oh great, I'll have to try it
Only "Black wave" kind if anti government movies in socialist Yougoslavia
Yeah, I just remembered some pictures that I've seen of Krakow, the old part of town is beautiful
I think it is an absolute distortion of history to lay blame for Bosnia, much less Croatia, on the Serbs.
I'm from one of the smaller countries, so "Hey, we're going to Timisoara (Romania), we will be back by lunch" is not unusual thing to hear
The Italians there make really good ice cream
According to this study conducted by the European Commission General of Communication in 2014 with people from "the 28 Member States of the European Union (EU), the five candidate countries (the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, Iceland, Montenegro and Serbia), and the Turkish Cypriot Community in the area of the country not controlled by the government of the Republic of Cyprus." :
On one side you have China whith which Serbia does have friendly connection since 70's if not even before that, on the other you have countries that bombarded them, implemented extremely harsh sanctions, and before that killed 20% of people in WW2 and 25% of people in WW1
First EU then we can talk about sanctions.
Male: 35
Dude
This has to be their decision and most of serbians are now fully aware that Kosovo simply will not belong to Serbia again.
First one was actually Milos, he killed most of the opposition voivode, rather silently tho
You think it's "statistically simple to solve" a home break in?
That's what they say about the trains from my town to Novi Sad/Belgrade, but people still use it.
Wtf is even happening there, I will never know
But we all believe she sent all of those to the press by herself
Albanians who participated in the Greco-Turkish War (1897) used weapons not turned in to the authorities against the Serbs in Old Serbia.
>I think many people also don't know how cruel the war actually was
You can go to Serbia and self determine all you want.
Serbian is something of Serbia, from Serbia or in some way related to Serbia.
• Zvižde mi jaja - My balls are whistling
In hindsight, Yugoslavia
From UK to Latvia, 30 yearolds with a dead bedroom
Which is partly true
I've walked countless times late at night from the other part of the city (like 1 am to 3 am walk) because I don't have a car
First print, then cursive
Dislike Polish, Hungarian and French.
Not so much anymore, but I still love the Italian anthem (the most beautiful in the world to me), and the French and Chinese anthems are very powerful to me too
That's why Austria should have thought a 1000 times before declaring war to Serbia.
Happy birthday,  neighbour
Actualy Napoleon was really harmful to our national liberation at the time
There is certainly something with mentality about that.
We also learn the 3rd language, but it's not obligatory in every high school so people here know 2-3 languages (including the first language)
It's also not really a secret that Russophilia is very common in Serbia, and that there's a lot of social stigmatization or downright discrimination towards LGBT people.
But you still employ Bosnian workforce
Not to mention that having simple things banned results in criminal activity and all kinds of shit
Per example - (Landless) John - Jovan (Bez Zemlje)
I knew it was bonbon even before looking haha
Destruction of this scale was completely unnecessary.
Why do you need to look for a job when you get the money?
Well
For christsamas eve you fast, you have few types of fasting, most people do "easyest" witch just forbide you eating animal products (but you can eat fish and honey)
Wow, there must be something seriously wrong with her to start dressing like a ninja coming from Switzerland.
If an Uncle is married to a sister of either of your parents, then he is called "Teča".
Latvia has many Russian speaking non-citizens, so the result is not a surprise - non-citizens cannot vote.
4 times of a really low percentile is still a rather low percentile
We all really don't like Turks and we all have Inferiority and Superiority complex those are negative ones, although i don't think they apply to Slovenia that much
) even though they are not literally meant
I meant that Albanians and Gorani people makes the best burek, icecream and sweets by far
Those CIA rankings are based on military expenditure percentage of GDP, not actual firepower their military holds.
serbian language uses both latin and cyrilic scripts, but the latin one is much more prefered.
She was the mother of Leka Zogu I, Crown Prince of Albania (1939-2011)
Exception is in older history where we serbizate some names
No, why would that be strange
So many prayers, bishops and preaching...
I wasn't hating on Russia btw, just mocking the Russia hate circlejerk on this sub.
Decrease/halt Arab/African immigration.
Yeah I was mean Los Santos, my bad :/
Because nazis use labeling as a tool as well to disqualify people and their opinions and so do they he is a nazi his opinion doesn't count
As in, Srpska occasionally threatens to annex itself to Serbia.
Don't even get me started on Milosevic, him and Tito were the worst rulers of Serbia in history imo and that's including the Ottoman sultans
He was a special kind of piece of shit, collaborator and murderer, but he cannot be traitor, because he had nothing to betray in the first place
Serbia Should be Wary of British ‘Friend’ Johnson ::
When it comes to Polish, Slovak, Czech and Russian, I can understand certain words and simple phrases but I wouldn't be able to converse
There is history that is repeating it self
Аустро-Угарска
Before people start calling Serbia a Russian puppet, can I remind you that Serbia has a contract with NATO that's granting NATO troops a free passage through Serbia.
" which actually means "I really care
It kinda fits whole country, nice
ah so everyone is allowed to arm up besides us.
Then you haven't tried the real deal yet!
Over here in Serbia, we have vet stations in loads of places, and you're supposed to cut out a piece of meat near the diaphragm, take it to the vet, pay...
Mayby that guy/girl is too young and he/she doesn't remember the 90s and who we did our best to support serbia.
It does not have any importance at all.
[this] will probably be, currently its Dedinje - for belgrade.
Yeah, jealous gets used instead of envious (not the other way round, though) like in English
Second, like in every fucking war, stuff happens that 99% of country doesnt even know
Even tho it's essentially the same people and the same language, they were under different overlords, maintained different religion and therefor different literature and culture.
Before WW2, the Serbs were only a third of the population, they became a majority by ethnically cleansing the other groups (Hungarians Croats Germans Rusyns and anyone else who wasn't a chetnik), while settling it with vlahs from other regions of Serbia.
The same Jeremic who played Chetnik songs promoting agression against Bosnia?
Serbia indeed has some pretty nature in every part of the country :O
Tito made civil war inevitable
I mean, there's good and bad apples everywhere, in every shape, way or form, sure, but even jokingly branding an entire nation of people, just looking to work abroad and make their own lives easier something negative and looking down on them by sheer default of being is really pushing my buttons quite hard
construction workers having to **speak** french at all times is very different from construction workers **understanding** french.
Kawasaki (like the Kawasaki bikes)
Nobody gives half a shit if you smoke
Then Bulgaria, Ukraine, Lithuania, Serbia and BiH.
I can write tomes about Serbia.
[Discussion] What is the worst European Nationality and Why?
It wasn't out of hatred, we just expanded on each other
Didn't we agree that Kosovo should be demilitarized and that NATO and UN missions are there to keep the peace?
These things  are two clicks away from you
It is
It is not shocking at all
That would be a far more superior tactic, but saddly, in todays time, too much money and man power has been invested into the war on drugs, that pulling the plug suddenly can cause more problems.
If NATO haven't gone Yugoslavia on Serbia, Serbia might still be this ultra weird semi criminal state isolated from rest of the Europe.
Hiding beauty:
reposting my post from a couple of days ago
When they actually get where I'm from its "Oh you have internet (or any basic necessity) there
There are on rules for slavic languages
Lol, you link an article by the so called President of Kosovo saying some bullshit to gather sympathy in the west, then state the Serbian president wants to restart the war?
This is a Serbian (over)reaction to a perceived threat from Croatia which received the final 11 out of [16 US OH-58D Kiowa Warrior]
*Bulgarian*
1 dinar: literally nothing
I wish the Slovenes didn’t leave, I wish the Croats didn’t leave the congress  and the party
Often when I can't remember the word in Serbian, I go to wikipedia in English, and change the language
Long story bro
Six
The only one turning a blind eye is FC Rad, the club that was responsible for all of this.
At least we are not alone in this.
trade between croatia and serbia is generally quite low.
In that order
Tax football more
You massacred Serbs as well
Hello there
Pretty recognizable
Does not get mentioned, but Kosovo and Montenegro do.
Holy cow AH was incompetent, couldn't even stop Serbia selling pork!
People were laughing but turns out, Trump wasn't that far off after all.
We do three as well
The attempt to remove his "Serbianness" is simply pathetic.
this describes the balkans as whole very well lmao
Thanks Albania for letting our army pass through your country to reach safety in WW1
Skat je britanski, skot je americki nacin izgovora
Is waving the Spanish flag on a unionist march in Catalonia is considered to be offensive?
And Serbia and Romania are as well surprisingly similar
We do however have almost as many tenses but we don't use them anymore
It's never avalible, so i just play in English
For example, "prizrensko-timočki", "slavonski ekavski", "kosovsko-resavski" and "šumadijsko-vojvođanski" all belog inside ekavian
same in serbia, tap water is drinkable but it has a hard feeling to it, almost hard to swallow hahaha
Yay, maybe we can form some kind of union?
Hillary come to Serbia let's drink some whiskey, you can be my Monica Lewinsky.
>Would be pretty stupid to have a union where a member is not recognized by other members of the union
But yeah there very clearly is a much lower standard of living when compared to the west, and if you go there you'll see it immediately.
While it's a generally accepted term and used on TV and such, it can definitely be used to with a derogatory or condescending connotation to talk down on people who are from smaller places and the stigma that usually comes with it
Which makes any regulation incredibly hard.
I always assumed iPhones are the same - overpriced user friendly nacely packaged gadgets for shallow persons who use them as status symbol
No, the US is a country, the EU isn't.
This is also the reason why we only use one past, one present and one future tense (unlike English that has past simple, past continuous, past perfect
(Got actual independence 70 years later)
Serbia would lose a war to Kosovo, are you sure you are okay?
Did you buy it from us (Serbia)
It's also the reason why I pick up smoking again whenever I go visit my family
Especially present tense
god bless the European Union
Belo is white in Serbian so when I was like 4 I thought white chocolate was chocolate made in belgium or belgrade
Why there would be any problem between them?
in Serbia (at the time of his birth)
It is of great importance for both serbs (historically) and albanians (politically), but I think enough sh*t happened in the last 30 years and both of the sides aren't keen on battling anymore (atleast not as a war)
I hope it's not MIKE Pence though ha...hahha...hahaha....
• [Gračanica Monastery] a beautiful Byzantine influenced Monastery, sadly in danger
In no geographical way is Poland in the east
And do Croats outside of Croatia (Posavina, Hercegovina, etc
The leader of the uprising, Karađorđe, is mostly seen as a symbol of uncompromising rebellion, while Miloš Obrenović who secured the gains they made during the Second Serbian Uprising is seen as more cunning and diplomatic
The battle of Maritza (1371) and Yugoslav wars (1991-1999)
and way smaller network
During the night, ~800 Ottomans sneaked into the camp and slaughtered ~70
Do this and you will be fine
Too bad the bad and evil ppl run your goverment, and Im not talking about Tramp
Well that's the question now isn't it
What's going on in Albania and Macedonia that makes so many people want to leave?
Our almighty, glorious leader Vucic has already struck a deal so whenever refugees go through the country to try to get to the EU we give them documents, so when they go to the EU illegally, the process is to send them back to the last country they got documents in
If you're referring to Syria I don't think the majority of people in Europe support a regime change
There are different opinions about Milan Nedić, for some he is a hero because he helped a lot of Serbian refugees cross into Serbia to escape murder from the Independent State of Croatia, to some he is a traitor for working with the Germans
Are you the Pope
Croziflette for life
You can't stop trolling can you?
Class length is the same as yours, and there's also 5 minute breaks between classes, but after 2nd class we have a lunch break which is 20 minutes long
And former USA ambassador to Serbia had a last name Scott, so his pr used to ask the journalists to (inacurately) transcribe his name into Skat, so it wouldn't resemble Skot (son of a bitch) that much lol
Kosovo is not a country
Former president Tomislav Nikolic, being an irredeemable boomer when it comes to technology, the internet and such, once famously said *"I'd comment on social media too, but I don't know their phone number"* because he thought he needed to physically, like, I guess dial, say Facebook or Twitter up and ask someone in some call center to leave a comment
wait what im missing is, how can Vucic run in Srebrenica when it's in Bosnia
Oh, just wait another 20-30 years
>*And ever honoured for his worthiness
When i saw this post i was immideately reminded of that comment
But most policemen work in their own towns and it is encouraged to have contact with local communities, going that far that a policeman patrols their own part of town.
Well tensions were there always, but in the last year, Fascism or rather sympathies to the fascists were on the rise in Croatia, which, again doesn't sit well with Serbia, ofc we have our share of lunatics too, but our lunatics are either publicaly against it, or don't have much support of the people (Seselj)
Serbia’s with you
Are you implying that what happened in Vukovar was genocide
ITT: Racism doesn't actually exist that's just how we are nbd.
Ulrich sound badass to be honest
A serb that doesn't like ćevapi
The opening was attended by the president of Serbia and by the president of the Serbs in Bosnia.
Serbia was and still has close ties with Russia, but even with all that they want to join EU at some point in the future, the same EU countries that bombed them and there are even bilateral activities with NATO!
I wouldn't count masculin animate and masculin inanimate as two different genders tho
We are not, we only hate our neighbors (Exapt Romania
You'd think once you wrap your head around who is who you'd be done, BUT you will eventually get married
I was like "this is a joke
Hard to say
There are fundamental differences between cultures, societies and worldviews.
And the Greeks on reddit also disagree with you.
Hi, not really on topic, but I've been thinking about reading "The Mountain Wreath" for some time.
>(Za is for burning the world)
But, much like Serbia, Kosovo, and Montenegro (Ninja edit: there's more countries than just these three that were born from the Yugoslav Wars, just so you know) being remembered with the Yugoslav Wars 25 years ago, it's an interesting time of conflict and change represented through civil war.
We may not like each other due to our history but at the moment what are our real problems?
Mostly because you shouldn't disturb him while driving
They are responsible for millions of lives lost in the last two decades alone
There might be some who would not, but majority would say they are Serbian.
Besides learning breaf world and European history, my historical education went something like this:
King Peter I - he freed all Serbs from Turks won a war against Bulgaria won ww1 and created Yugoslavia
Decani was built by Stefan Decanski, it was never converted,it started as a Orthodox Christian church.
Serbians, Bosniaks and Croatians all speak Serbo-Croatian so religion serves as an identification factor (Orthodoxy for Serbs, Catholicism for Croatians, Islam for Bosniaks).
Preševo and Bujanovac are Albanian majority districts in Serbia not part of Kosovo.
There are some exotic names created this way which are considered rare and old timey
It isn't? I really thought everybody has one
If an American fighter was shot down over Yugoslavia during WWII, they would be treated like gold.
How did the whole separation of Montenegro from the rest of Serbia begin?
Taxi
Being closer to rich countries is always a good thing.
Yeah ok, believe that shit
In the end we went to a pharmacy to ask the worker to help and she thankfully knew English
Commieblocks have their own drawbacks
I hate stereotype that we are war endorsing genocidal maniacs
I’m quite left wing soooooo
Interesting
Edit: Yeah **disregard** everything I said there
Better question would be, is there a show or movie where Serbia (or the Balkans as a whole) *aren't portrayed* in a deeply cringeworthy manner
It is a comedy btw
to be honest, the younger generations aren't really knowledgable about communist yugoslavia.
Though, I can't say the same for Slovenian, Bulgarian and Macedonian
You can see plenty of women in some Montenegrin cities wearing them.
This cannot be forgotten ever, but this game of who did what to who, and when, needs to stop
It's the country they live in, what flag are they supposed to have?
All the generals listen to him and he has some stupid ideas about how military should work
The biggest roadblock for Serbia is Kosovo.
O (about i guess i dont really know)
oh boy this thread's gonna be good
It is medicine, I mean, everything that you wish could be medicine, but they want your money for psychodelic ones
Are we you
Don't get me wrong - my main OS is a Linux distribution, but the majority of people will never use Linux until it's polished and easy to use as Windows is.
Most of them only know about The UK, France, Germany, Spain and Italy out of all the European countries.
Although it looks like the Bulgarians are in possession lf Belgrade.
I hate to admit it, and while I'm not fond of some of their shitty design choices (like not being able to replace your own bulbs), the new Renaults look space age.
I'm 28 and I've witnessed 16 governments in Italy.
There are no exceptions
Pretty much all high-schoolers drink, and many smoke
Wake up at 7am
That one was so bad it's almost cheating
Instead of the tossing of the garter, the groom will cast an apple that has coins embedded in it over the bride’s head to all of the single gentlemen
And for 100 RSD you can buy maybe a bag of chips or like 1-2 liters of drink depending on the brand
The heart of Serbia moves every time someone tries to leave them haha.
I've been living in Ireland for years now, so that might be why I prefer chilly weather
This number is going to be far better as we become near joining.
They're funny tourists in general, always in groups and snapping pictures of everything
Muslims don't have any real connection to Western Europe other than the modern day migration nonsense yet WEs try to shoehorn the topic of Muslim migration into stuff like random metal music videos.
100 kilos pig, 200 kilos grease - joke about people from my city, rest of Serbia says we lie a lot
To Montenegro and Macedonia, yes we accept your independence and we don't want to force you into some grand union ever again
Nope, unlike some countries i can name (*khm*) we have history, and for the case of Greeks and Serbs, it's quite similar.
and in the south classes in Albanian
Well those have to be translated nonetheless
Watch TV  1:15pm-3:30pm  because thats how we go to school now I guess
No no, i completely understand, i didn't imply it was because of Serbia, but i just think its unnecessary.
[According to this map] it extends to Croatia, Serbia and Romania.
Unofficially in FYROM there are above 25 percent of albanian population, you make the math of the number of populationand Tell me my friend why they should not seek advice from ethnic political parties of Albania or Kosovo?
Thats why I never defended it, but why dont you talk about hard death statiatics about muslim raids from city defended by UN on serbian vilages around it that lasted for 3 years
A good historical place to visit and for recreational activity like running, etc.
Most of the people like the customs or observe them because it's proper or because it's something that their parents taught them to do
Oh really i didn't know that, here in eastern Serbia there is a lot of Vlachs/Romanians and we always lived good with them and marriages between Serbs and Vlachs are pretty normal
Some times I feel bad for the UCK soldiers, they went and died in Thousands, all for nothing
To compare: 1ha = 1,75 jutro
Russians speak with this weird accent/intonation that makes it sound like they are complaining or asking a question.
Why would Serbia be better than Romania?
But of course, they rarely are
New Belgrade is at the southwest side
[Macedonia's decision to close their borders completely (which was justified because Serbia closed theirs, and Serbians closed them cause Croatia and Hungary closed them etc) was the reason they stopped.
Romania - First off, Romanians aren't gypsies
Just one
The Czech *-ie* looks like it would be pronounced similar to the English *-y* (or am I wrong?) which is what got me interested.
Where in Croatia does it get used the most
The EU is aware of this
Video was fabricated of serbians killing albanians which a finland forensics said they were fake
Pros:Weather,cheap,not too many people, education, nightlife,fast internet connection,5G rolled out in 2019 in Subotica and Belgrade,memes,there are no vegans running up to you and annoying you
was said to made Bulgarians and Kievan Russians know each other and laid the foundations of Slavic brotherhood.
Aww that's a shame :(
lol why are your politicians stirring shit up so publicly?
) gender and the Moon got male gender
He was especially close with General Kosta Protić and the consulate circles in Belgrade was thought to be the ruler under his influence
It isn't? I really thought everybody has one
Kosovo can unilaterally leave Serbia but if the Serbian majority parts want to stay with Serbia then the Serbs are evil and the other Balkans will call in America to stop them.
We should ban the East - that will solve a lot of problems.
yeah, of course they can
that's because there are a few countries that are very circlejerked in /r/europe for whatever reason.
There's a whole genre of music for offending Croats and Bosniaks and vice versa for them
Also the bombardment of Serbia and the war in Iraq created a lot of negative feelings.
Also Croatia is Southeast Europe
Best neighbours ever
Also write ["Kosovo is Serbia"] for Kosovo
The next time you see a thread about Serbia, please take your pills, schizophrenia is a serious illness.
A lot of people  here lost people in the Yugo wars, also you will start a shitload of fights
Finally a proper map of Serbia
In Serbia, the veil is more than an accessory, as it will hide the bride from evil spirits, as well as her beauty from other men
But the comfort level is like 0 because most of the time the bus is overcrowded
Serbian and Greek music is also commonly listened to here, as it is quite similar to our own.
Always fridge, never seen anyone leave them outside
Hey thanks, I actually didn't know that.
means
Other than that, pretty awesome job
I guess every geopolitical analyst in the world is fed by Russian and Chinese propaganda
especially in comparison to all that redness
I really encourage everyone from Vojvodina to move if they can obtain Hungarian or Croatian passport.
Not related to the question or your comment, I just want to ask how is programming in Russia (education for it and as a job)
Thankfully, everythibg can be written easily
From Bulgarian songs I prefer [Moma se s roda proshtava] but this one is also great
Why is using grah strang
Also there are a lot of places in Serbia with things written in Latin
In a plastic cup, it would be just better for everyone if there were no straws and not pasta straws because there is still some pollution from making pasta
Are your towns overcrowded and there's a need for Lebensraum?
Kosovo isnt Serbias nrighbour, from Serbias and half the world, UN, 5 EU countries perspective, Kosovo is a part of Serbia.
Thank you lord for TV5MONDE
So can the Presevo valley also secede from Serbia then?
The same goes for Belgrade
Vienna - Beč
Yes we play that game too
In the town where Constantin the Great (also known as the first Christian emperor) was born
Here you literally can not say anything against the government
Bruh this is Reddit
My commute to school is around 20mins with the waiting on the bus stop
Unless
Fun fact Serbia will "surpass" Bulgaria in population soon, because we lose less
Yeah, and my problem is when a person named "vojnik_NDH" gets upvoted.
Most villages are dying and people living in flats and what not
The only Serbo-Croatian example I can think of for now is "uspravio". It's a verb meaning "to erect", but it's conjugated and specifically refers to a singular male being/thing in the past tense
I don't identify with the Bosnian state nor with the states that have formed after the 90's.
Looks like Austria didn't go that green after all...
"Gorski vijenac "-('The Mountain wreath' i suppose would be my off the top of my head translation of the title-Petar Petrović Njegoš ) an epic about Serbs from Montenegro (the area which resisted and defied the Turkish rule the longest) and their struggle.
We use the term "labelo", from the brand Labello, to refer to lip balm
Sure not all parts of the US are like that and im generalizing but still
Wow, i don't know if the comments here represent just individual opinions but, in Greece many people were very happy about it.
We say it diffrent, we say it Škotska (Š is sh sound)
Perhaps their children would be free to light the Christmas log in peace and celebrate the European traditions and values of their ancestors.
That was a great joke, don't know why you are being downvoted.
Besides that, there's also ideas like [ethical socialism] and [liberal socialism] that don't even necessitate introducing public ownership over the means of production
The armrest and other parts are literally built from some kind of METAL
Just take the drone with the map of the Greater Albania that was flown in Belgrade during the football match as an example, which was indirectly orchestrated by the Albanian government.
Wait you don't say tomato as rajčica
>The fact there hasn’t been a major war since WW2 is done 100% to NATO
One time even paramedics were called because people thought that wannabe preacher had some sort of seizure or that he escaped from mental institution
Croatia, Bosnia, Albania and America
So grammar can be quite complicated to grasp
I think a big factor to that is also USAs good acceptance of immigrants / 2nd generation (immigrants).
zero fucks given as 99% of that cash is just stolen by our authoritarian regime - which the EU supports
I know that would never work
Latvia: Letonija (not that different but eh)
The EU was also flexible on that, I think that is one of the things Cameron successfully negotiated before the referendum.
Young women leave villages/small towns and move to big cities en masse.
Oh I see, I thought it was one ballot and if your candidate didn't do well your vote automatically transfers.
Although we could start thanking god that we got off alive
Generally i don't like it, but my accent earned me a lots of tips during work & travel summer in USA (i worked as a waiter)
I was supposed to go to Uffizi on a school trip last year, but the gallery had some special event and we weren't able to enter even though we have paid for the tickets earlier
What is the source of that claim?
• Stejan Radić wasn't killed because he was a Croat, but because he also offended Račićes wife
Yeah it's troublesome for a lot of people learning English
So yeah, you are spreading propaganda, im just stating what wikipedia says lol.
I can't understand how people in online games think others don't speak English
hes implying the UK isn't pretty.
Very popular
I love pihtije/hladetina
Everyone knows Serbia as a bad guy.
There's this video for example that shows everything quite good
Đorđe too
Now you finally realize why pro-Russian and Serbian nationalist media is pushing for ultra-autochauvinism and pro-Europeanism, it is intended to create fight or flight response
We had a great thing together and we didn't know how to appreciate it until it was gone
In English, German, French, etc
Not gonna work, not gonna work.
You could say the same about Montenegro
The Serbian Army Commander insisted that Serbia 'should not have its Caucasus' and the Prime Minister argued that the Albanian minority might represent a security concern
Serbia even tried to rile up Serbs in Montenegro and aided Russia in this coup attempt.
I agree
Serbia almost doubled in size in 1912 and 1913, after defeating (together with other Balkan allies) the Ottoman Empire.
Objasnio sam ja gore
After that we learn about the hajduks, which are Serbian brigands
Biden might have just been a "lesser evil" now for most of the people, but he is "evil" nonetheless
Yeah but him dieing started it
Yeah and built a hospital and few schools so the people can become literate
What do dragons eat anyway
When you do balkans, do the entire balkans.
Serbia is expecting a 3-4% GDP growth and investments are skyrocketing in Serbia, together with a steadily growing economy.
And I've lived almost my whole life here
Shifts are changed weekly, so one week you go to school in the morning, and other week at noon, then again in the morning
Also, I highly doubt that
And I have to say, it is a cool thing
I hope Serbs won't mind it when the Albanians of Kosova decide to re-name their country Albania as well.
This is a horrible move by them and really ruins their reputation, just look at how Americans view thiernpolice force now...
But on both side the war was eventually a destructive and pointless thing.
For Basque yes i do agree they are fully separate.
I mean, you have them in Russia or Ukraine too, they're all over
It wasn't news articles and the like but actual people I know.
Not full fledged states as later, not to mention that Serbian minority in Voivodina at the time wasn't that large and didn't consist majority.
How is it being right wing in Greece these days?
It is real mountain, people think it is not
Mindblown
Aha, and what does "no man ferre" mean
They are sending people to the Hague to be tried and will attempt to work things out with Croatia.
>assholes
The fact that we reached such a big number in such a short amount if time is just phenomenal
Disputed or not, Kosovo functions as a state and is recognised by a majority of western countries, if you read the constitution of Kosovo the minority rights are absolutely in line with every other eu country, 8 percent of population are Serbian, 10 seats are guaranteed for them, 10 other seats are for other minorities, second official language is Serbian, you find it in every document, even myself as an Albanian I have my id and passport also written in Serbian and I dont even care not one bit, no one cares, but when it comes to Albanians wanting the same rights in Macedonia where they are 30 % you say you we are going too far.
I remember the story of my grandpa who worked as a waiter in Germany during 70s, and one of the cooks in the hotel was a young Greek guy.
' and 'Let me ask you something instead'.
The courts still can countrol the president
Did it myself alone a lot of times (anywhere between 12 am and 5 am)
With 100% certanty I can tell you that we are ashamed, but like in every country you have uneducated or just sick people
Free movement of labour is not for the benefit of Labour.
Most people in Europe (especially the youth) are bilingual (English+ their native language)
Croatian and Serbian are phonetics languages one letter one sound in 99.9% of cases, sounds that require 2 letters like lj and nj are considered letters on their own.
Their research is immensely expensive and many small and medium enterprises benefit a lot by being able to distribute this burden.
Once, my dad and I were in Greece, decided to do a road trip through Albania, visited a lot of places and went to my grandma's place in Montenegro all in one day
edit2: As the guy from Slovenia said in the comment, they don't fit into most of those descriptions and i agree
You would prefer Sharia law over banning a radical religion?
Could you tell me or point me to some sources
They also pay for an occasional conference or two, but that's pretty much it
Why would you think that anything that someone from the US establishment says holds any real value
Tentatively, I'd put it down to a general rift in mentality between men and women.
I hope Merkel doesn't believe that immigration is a right.
By 2025 they should already be a part of the EU, but who knows.
Otherwise it would just turn into western European countries hosting the contest all the time, which takes half of the significance behind Eurovision.
- The wages and costs of housing are not proportional
Ottoman retribution against the Serbs, because of their help to the Austrian alliance, led to the first Great Serb Migration, shifting a bunch of Serbs from Kosovo to places in Hungary and Austria.
Theres also footage of Albanians mining the railroad, wow such european (ISIS) values.Why not?
As for the king, he was pretty much irrelevant by 1918.
So, you basically invaded Serbian and Bulgarian lands to fight against the Ottoman Turks for the liberation of these Christian nations as well.
That's about the same as here, except we have theory classes as well before the test.
At the time being, it gains nothing.
>  or chocolate-coated almonds being the typical Easter treat
We already visit just by ID cards, no passports needed, nothing
I remember watching a documentary on rape in South Africa and I think the statistic was that roughly 50% of women are raped in their lifetime
Honestly, I think that the numbers are too high.
You'd be surprised how many countries have variations of baked beans
Yes, there were a lot of blue collar jobs in Europe after WW2, and import of workforce was limited to Yugoslavia, Turkey and North African countries.
what are they about
Native English speakers will have a harder time learning another language than someone else learning English
How does that prove anything other than Albanians attack only if other army is unfit for fighting lol.
1 being "multi ethnic" of peoples speaking pretty much the same language in a continuum
You're correct - it shows little of population's well being, but it's still a decent approximate indicator of a country's economic strength.
and 5 days ago in 1999 nato bombarded Yugoslavia
I simply think that saying how every single political party here is so bad that neither of them deserve a vote is an exaggeration.
yeah they are literally sub-dialects.
Hence why I said he wasn't that far off.
Do you really think that the Habsburgs would have just willfully given up on their territorries, their wealth and their titles?
I think this is solely for Britain and some of it's former colonies
Because all that Le Pen is proposing are words of Putin right?
There is this dead meme in the Serbian community that Bulgarians are backstabbers because of that war
Izdajice means traitors
Kobe (like the basketball player)
Mad you got beat in water polo and basketball by Serbia?
The game plan will only change when the current "check point" gets completed - kosovo independence.
I feel like putting anything before the -rt or -rč sounds a bit off.
Seems people are downvoting these for some reason.
[Video of the occurrence
Case and point:
The french movie “La Haine” in Belgrade (Yugoslavia) in the late 90s. After the bombing of Belgrade and before the fall of Milosević. Focused on the Belgrade youth
There’s a dispute on Vuk Karadžić legacyactually, whether he improved the language or massacred it
It would be let in i guess if this normalisation took place.
How will they ever change their views if the only country that was ever really friendly with them is Russia?
At that time we had a lot of uprises against the Ottoman empire, and people were wearing some cool outfits if you ask me
Better question would be, is there a show or movie where Serbia (or the Balkans as a whole) *aren't portrayed* in a deeply cringeworthy manner
Yea, I had to look at a cross every day in school.
In Serbian we have "Vukojebina" = place where wolves fck
I think that would be one of the tax havens of Europe rather than the US
The Eastern Herzegovinian dialect, which forms the basis of modern standard Croatian, Serbian, Bosnian, and Montenegrin is spoken in Dubrovnik.
Serbia (who are about to start a war with Kosovo), is more liberal than Romania, or Hungary?
Szekely goulash from Hungary, made of pork and sauerkraut,  it's amazing
You go to that court when you used all of your regular legal remedies in a case and they ONLY check the legality and whether it doesnt offend the constitution
In History class we always use historical maps to show the parts we conquered/lost and how the empire/kingdoms were formed, nothing unusual about that.
What does it have to do with the article?
It's a lot more than any of the other sides did and the Serbian PM has gone to Serbia every year and offered apologies and Serbia even said it would invest millions to rebuild the town.
Also define "manipulate" because if it's in bounds of the law then they can do whatever they want.
People did not really care about migrants at all before that, even my colleagues were like 'meh, who cares'.
Well ofc I'll be called that
We use them here and we usually call them inverters
We gave Kosovo electricity, withdraw all our institutions, gave them area code
Russia being some kind of "big brother" to Serbia is one of the greatest misconceptions ever lol.
[Not quite famous person] but still influencial writer.
Serbia and Montenegro
That is just not the case in Serbia, to do that secretly by air is more then difficould.
korea isn't the best country, but you can't deduce who is their most fed soldier, or how they feed their soldiers off of 1 picture.
Croatia and Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
But I will always defend the people's right to belief; just how I will always stand against people calling religion "fairy-tales".
The same people encouraging on persecution of Armenian civilians in Artsakh and elsewhere within their reach are those who called upon retribution on French people
The KLA never fought in any territory outside of what is Kosovo now
Dont worry Norway, our foreign minister only speaks one language, Serbian, and our minister of Defense has never served a day in the army
Would like to see Serbia on here.
Southern France for the beaches and nice weather
so Europe is all of a sudden just western europeans?
But please.....don't *ever* sing :(.
Latin:
Greece,Romania and maybe Russia
Das ist schlecht
I expected this exact kind of behaviour.
Never had I been a target of a crime, but my parents were
Serbian woman always look good, wear high heels whether it's raining or snowing.
depends on the country
After all that it is now owned by Chinese and it is currently largest exporter in Serbia
Serbia signed Brussels agreement and did everything required of her
Saddest thing is that this is still a positive story more or less
No, Trump is not a Russian agent nor is he a puppet of Vladimir Putin.
No one even gets more than 25 years in Serbia...
The pay is really good too
Before that it was Alexander the Great, after that it was the Byzantines.
holy fucking hell that's an amazing photo.
I met a Srbobran a couple of years ago, definitely still used as a name
Wooden shoes
Why is everyone saying it was "Russian nationalists" who organized a plot?
As someone who lives in Eastern Serbia, i don't even know why i even thought about learning it
They are not used interchangeably
Could this be enough to derail them?
Istria is truly beautiful imo
I won't speak for your country, but I had the pleasure of visiting it several times (it's really beautiful) and everyone I spoke to was perfectly fine speaking English
Besides that, there's also ideas like [ethical socialism] and [liberal socialism] that don't even necessitate introducing public ownership over the means of production
Spremni ili ne, krećem
My route goes from Germany via Hungary, Serbia and Bulgaria to Turkey.
How much is a m^2 of housing property there?
The revolutionary Serbia [boar flag]
They don't wanna live in Bosnia,as the Republic of Srpska, not just move to Serbia.
By the time Russia gives Crimea back, Sweden will be majority Arabic country.
I don't think that Croats can learn Serbian, Bosnian and Montenegrin.
Really
The fact albanian ethnics tried to split a part of FYROM too, 2 years later, after ''Macedonia'' temporarily received 250.000-350.000 kosovo albanian refugees, through the same tactics as in Serbia (insurgency and attacks of the so called ''Liberation Army'' on security forces), raised even more doubt about the innocence of the kosovo albanian ethnics, their perception of victims and the suspicion that they might have been guided in their actions from elsewhere than Kosovo.
Usually people from poorer countries or countries with less opportunities move abroad.
Guess because our healthcare and social programs are going to shit
Oh and he doesn't believe in climate change, that's when I stopped watching
Latin and Cyrillic are not that different at all.
Israel sold weapons to the Yugoslav Army for attacking us, and I still don't consider all of them complete morons.
Wake . Them
Da, ona ludila sa viršlama i slično.
Exactly
I will never let people distort the truth of the wars in the 90s and pretend Serbian atrocities didnt' happen or pretend that someone who killed people but now claims he's all changed(*cough* some serbian politicians today), but I would never, in a million years, kill or have anything against people who had nothing to do with it just because they were Serbian.
I just read somewhere that Serbian is practically the only European standard language whose speakers are fully functionally digraphic using both Cyrillic and Latin alphabets
Just knowing that media has the power to make you believe something that is false should make you take everything with a pinch of salt
True, he hit the nail on the head.
It would exist still and the bloody ethnic genocidal war would be evaded
and does calling other countries with good relations with them puppets protect you?
oblivion, prometheus, interstellar etc.
when you say people, it’s implying that all Serbian people support Slobodan Milosevic and politicians like him which is false
We're really close to illegalizing free speech but those damn protestors keep using it
It implied breaking off would result in a war.
Fazon
Even the god damn sentences don't make semantic sense anymore.
Serbia and Kazakstan have traditional ties going back centuries :D
Thank you for coming to my ted talk
Our [Slava] custom
While both security concerns and the exclusive nationalist ideology influenced the government's policies, there was also some Serbian resistance to the 'cleansing' of the Albanians
I know the old Yugoslav ones and few second Serbian ones
A-H wasn't an absolute monarchy.
There are some Croatian sources trying to make him Croatian but that's bullshit.
Honestly true
Actually, they do
\[3\]\[1\] Supporting Protić's views for expulsion of the Muslim population, including Albanians, were most of the senior Serbian army officers and Prince [Milan]
It's the first thing I do when I enter my house
Don't act like you are innocent and just a victim
That would mean that there's some equality in your relations with USA, but there's not
Šuker, who by then had been elected as chief of the country’s footballing federation, saw fit to appoint him as a coach for the national team
One has to die, can't keep adding new surnames to infinity.
Does czech law allow special/non-czech characters in official documents for naturalized citizens
Who should be the one to stop backing allies again?
Jos primera: sol - so ; stol - sto ; učilnica - učionica ; bil, radil, imal (bilo koji radni glagolski pridev) - bio, imao, radio
I've seen people on various subreddits that are straight russophobic to Russians
The only way we'll get Kosovo back is if all Albanians decide to move
Migma(Google it)
When we fought for more autonomy and better rights in the First Serbian Uprising (1804-1813), and after a few years had the opportunity to get that autonomy, but Russia, an ally of ours, told us to continue fighting for complete independence with their help, which originally went great but then they fucked us over and after even more years of fighting they offered us the same autonomy we could have gotten before
French and Italian
He just shitposts a lot taking Serbia's side in balkan flamewars or saying on r/Slovenia that the seccession was illegal, etc.
Serbian folk music sounds oriental/Turkish.
If you google Balkans, a nice google map shows up and it includes the whole of Slovenia.
Bosnia Appeal in Genocide Case Against Serbia Rejected
I don't hide the fact that i am Serbian.
Nowadays Croatia
Well, not really a single poem/national epic
That's Mijomir Pelemiš, sadly he works as an infectologist
First of all what is this even doing on r/Europe?
Even Germans didn't want to do anything with him, and he was a Nazi in Serbia
I would like to hear a Serbian point of view to this matter.
To Croatia, Slovenia and Bosnia
Here's a fact - you'll **never** fully fit in with the locals' circles of friends unless you learn their language.
I used to have an obsession with national anthems
The name Siniša(Sinisha) Is the one I dislike the most
Hi did however say that the *wrong* sort of populism didn't win.
At worst Serbia got a delay from Croatia.
Serbia were a bit lagging behind, but still at 27.000.
While Balkans are a barrel of gunpowder i agree on that,but, with the recent statements of US officials such are: Macedonia isn't a country, Montenegro,Serbia,Macedonia should just give up land to Albania and solve the conflict peacefully (not to mention what that person said about Bosnia), and the US and EU pressure on Macedonians to accept the laughable conditions of the Albanian opposition certainly does go in favor of this statement of the Russians.
Should we stay poor and isolated because of what happened in 99'?
OK you're right, Crimea is bigger than Kosovo (tbh I didn't know that)
When I was in Italy everyone I was with did the hand thing as a joke (not to Italians of course but between each other)
Serb (Serbo-Croatian too)
Opposition is steamroled and ignored
[@Lullindo ] page :)
It's not about using it as people, its about using it diplomatically,currently Serbia uses Macedonia or MKD.
Didn't know that nowadays kids are active followers of politics.
In Serbia we have the term "unutrašnjost" which translates to "the insides" or "the inner parts".
100% of the time
Leading the way:
Both of these states are way newer than free Estonia, to the point where you might have to actually point it out because people might still be out of the loop.
The EU certainly can't demand this when it's own member states don't recognise it
You'd be surprised how many countries have variations of baked beans
Kosovo has always been poor, but now that it's 'independent' its just worse in every possible way.
9 gold medals in 11 participations to be exact.
It's a pretty big 4 bedroom house so there's space
After the Chinese, of course
The only thing that compares is "Tears for Sale" from Serbia.
I think people who think like you are just uninformed and try to act like patriots but you are going too far and you are becoming extremists
Tamo Daleko would be much better
I've never even tried tobacco
Hm, I'm repeating myself for third time, but it really doesn't matter what the current state of Kosovo is as long as it doesn't get directly approved by Serbia.
So I'm wishing someone a good health every time I greet them
What Serbian migrations, what are you talking about?
Now, listen here, everybody knows who makes the best burek and sweets in Balkans
It's also sometimes fun to play as a tiny German state but it is really hard
Ahem
Even before that Bosnian Kings were warring with Serbian empire/kingdom over territory
Racy videos and pictures that she was sending to her lover were all around the gossip print and the internet
I would fire the staff
Then you can choose in which you want to write in
Montenegro uses euros
He would also attack servants and run until exhausted, wailing that he was threatened by his enemies
Well, a lot of our historians and politicians said: "we have the best position for peace, and worst for war", and sadly that theory has been proven many times during the history
Here's the general consensus, most would like to join the EU AND keep good relations with Russia
For some reason I find an image of a wise warlock, shaman or priest figure **invoking** a sandwich hilarious.
Can't be that hard if it's all over the internet
Essentially it picks up where we left of in the previous lessons (interwar Yugoslavia, Hitler's rise to power and Mussolini in Italy)
I love Christmas and Christmas stuff and love to see store selling it
Immediately he came to our house and helped us leave.
How can people starve in a country like Bosnia or Serbia?
Basketball, Water polo and tennis are things Serbs are currently good at, so other Serbs worship those sport and sportists, as it's only good thing in this ruined country
And its really nice that the airport in Pula airport has connections to Zagreb and Belgrade so its easy to get to
what kind of coffee do you drink the most in finland?
Ironic because it's much much safer here than in America for example
But as long as Kosovos unresolved relationship with Serbian government remains, it will remainthe problem of the north.
If Poles want to close the gap with Czechia, Slovakia and so on, they could do worse than address that problem.
you can't change your name just because?
You guys look the same, speak the same language, and share pretty similar cultures.
US MSM did a horrible job at covering this election.
I suck at it i so I go as a easy country like Sweden
That's why I said *mostly* Serbian organisation.
Never, all the options in my country are moderate right wing or extreme right wing
Deaths, suppression, ethnic cleansing, human rights denial require international attention.
Yes, we are using two writting systems and can write in both Latin and Cyrillic
Jagodić, Miloš (1998)
I think you of course count four countries
I'd be willing to wager they were possibly even unknown by the average Serb (as they are today, from my experience)
So have I got any English mix ups
I always took these for granted here in Ireland.
Czech rep is only slightly bigger than serbia lol
Nobody gives half a shit if you smoke
While Sandžak and Vojvodina are mostly Serbian, the case for Kosovo still stands.
I am not a "russophile" or anything like that.
And then you have frustrated young males getting intoxicated every day, overdosing on drugs, gambling, stabbing each other.
It is pretty obvious that the city should be in Eastern or Southern Europe
I use Latin on the internet but i write in cursive Cyrillic most of the time as force of habit
I know, by memory or *almost* by memory, the English, French, German, Italian, Croatian, Serbian, Yugoslav, Polish, Russian, Soviet, Chinese, American and Canadian anthems aaand I think that's about it
Only one point out of the 10 were refused by the Serbian government.
Discombobulated
Аустроугарска (Austrougarska)
No it does not
But you're making it sound like mentioning Serb war crimes is redundant because Americans should know about it.
and in the south classes in Albanian
Basically all the other comments
"Prva" which means "First". That's the most watched one
There mere sight of his face makes my stomach turn, let alone his ideas...
The noun is ‘predenje’
unless they catch you with *the* wrong plant
Besides Novi Sad which is famous for Exit music festival Belgrade is really popular with "splavovi" (rafts on Danube which have 2 floors and fancy atmosphere [some splav images] and it is in top ratings for partying capitals, [lonely planet gave it no1] For foreigners prices are really cheap compared to what they are used to, we are super invested in partying as it can last up to 5 am and then afterparty is also an option
Althouth I agree that USA cannot afford invasion to Russia, I' d like to remind, that Serbia, Iraq & Lybia are also on other side of planet.
It's always the big patriots living abroad who vote for the idiots and skew the elections.
thought its some bullshit with trans and fat people LOL
Also, we do have kebab-hating buddies Serbia and Armenia.
While some paşas did that in other Balkan countries too, it was never institutionalized like in Serbia.
Its poor, moneysucking black hole.
Belgrade Serbia: Šešelj's Chetniks marche with chetnik flags and pictures of Putina and Draža Mihalović
Exactly, but for ID I'd personally remove "valid until" dates to the backside so name and age, personal number etc
The kid had a blast
Prices vary from ~1000e to ~5000e per square meter depending on the neighbourhood
It was obvious you are from the south...The people who usually support Serbia are those who have actually interacted with the Serbian People and some Christian fanatics.
Actually he does need some advice, his premiership isn't something that one would call 'successful' or 'strong'.
I see what you did there
Most: the most successful resistance movement during WW2 is a pretty good thing, but no one seems to agree with me
All people from all countries in the world can/could find themselves in it at some point in their history, the relevance for Serbia is that it predicted what would happen in the next 30 years
In Germany, that would never have taken 24 hours.
I love Breton
Like wtf, do you wanna go back and live with him?
Might come in handy next time I'm there
Their Naval power, which is non existent for Serbia?
Croatian guy is right,just dont mention war
(btw why don't they have language rights if they are 30+%?)
Russia for helping save our ass in WW1, and for trying to help us in '99
While the Nazis were exclusively responsible for attempted extermination the Jews of Serbia proper, they were assisted by local quislings in the Nedic government and others, who helped round up the Jews, Romani and Serbs who opposed the Nazi occupation.
Where the father in-law puts an apple on the highest tree in the bride’s yard, where the groom then has to then shoot it
We call him "pussymouth" (rough translation lol)
ELI5: Relations between Polish, Russians, Serbians, Croatians, Slovenians, Slovakians and Czechs.
• Turkish occupation for centuries (this is the time we usually focus on the rest of Europe and we skip a couple of hundred years)
Under 100 people a country were behind all of it
I was 3 years old when I had a first opportunity to hear it on tv
but is less per capita than France
When we signed no attack treaty with Hitler allowing his troops to pas through our land only to see some students supported by Britain organise protests against it
People describe the situation as if Trump would send death squads to their houses and confiscate their wealth.
How did it happen then
So, just that Montenegro was part of Serbia then, nothing more, nothing less, nothing how it came about that.
Once some dudes transported bodies of 86 Albanians in a truck, some fucked up shit
But both men, who oversaw preparations for the operation from Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, are back in Moscow, and it is unclear whether they were traveling under real or fake identities and for whom exactly they were working.
There could be some kind of sunday school, or some kind of public outreach or something
The map is wrong because Croatia belonged to Hungary.
When you want to go to your next door neighbor, start up the car, make sure it works by bringing it to 4000RPM per minute for 10 seconds
heeyyy 'i took my dog to his forever home' - this sounds like they are going to kill the dog
You really are doing your religious brethren a grave disservice by pissing off the historically  most violent bunch of people (not only Germans, but ex-colonial powers in general) that decided to live in peace, and give multiculturalism a chance
i prefer to drink bottled water like prolom
It's because accepting Kosovo's independence undermines Serbia's territorial integrity.
Nailed it
Everyone do as they wish I guess
Not many countries are visa free to Russia and China.
I don't think Serbia is really in their sphere of influence.
The Serb identity might have been developed back then considering the whole White Serbia theory and the similarity between the names Serb and Sorb (who Serbs are often believed to be descended from).
As for me and i think i would want to become part of Serbia if their Goverment wasn't so inept and corrupt (like ours is) and their economy so shitty (like ours is also).
And I should say that most people nowadays choose the other one, so religious people are a minority (in this age group I mean)
weren't they liberated by Serbia of the Ottomans?
Both of them had only high school education and worked in a steel mill as an administrative workers
Oh, the Serbian pride, vampire.
Build a wall to stop people from leaving.
Where are the negotiations between Serbia & EU at the moment.
Now after seeing this and realizing even with so much proof, nothing will happen, do you still think we don't have a dictator
Why are we frenemies
I sincerely hope that you would continue to be far away from such idiots from that region.
Hi there :) I almost feel Greek, just need a dictator and his 40 thieves
Austria just there chillin lol
And yet he convinced people that he's not part of the estabilishment.
I was mostly referring to the fact that France was a big inspiration in Serbia when it came to organising our society and especially the laws post Ottoman occupation
An underperforming entry-level employee who tells his family he's a team leader in his department who can't get a raise because his boss hates him
which countries are even in it?
My point is that Russia deserved to host the tournament and they hosted it amazingly, they have a lot of football fans and their league is always ranked either sixth or seventh in the rankings
I am thinking he is gonna say that he is Albanian first.
Edit:6th century slavic migration, not 9th
Not judging or anything, just wondering
I haven't, though I do plan on it for about a month
Followed by Idea
*Communism and their offsprings.
When I was a little whippersnapper playing Counter Strike 1.6, lots of Serbian dudes used the CZ tag, I still come across some in League of Legends, though it's been a while since I've played.
That we are all mafia and that it is very dangerous to live here
As much as I love Serbian food (especially my mom's cooking), I have to say the quality of bread, which is such an important part of any Serbian meal, has declined a lot over years.
If you do it too late then you should have done it sooner.
fifa a bit less because it's sometimes seen as a thing you do with your buddies when you're drunk.
I don’t want to talk about it
Public transport from Switzerland
They went after legal gun owners as a response to the Paris & Brussels terrorist attacks, when it is well known that those weapons were smuggled in from Serbia.
I have an American debit card that I use regularly around Europe.
Albania isn't that poor, neither is Serbia, or Montenegro, or Macedonia or Greece, or Bulgaria or Romania.
Also, only NATO country that didn't bombard us in 1999
I can relate
Belgrade lights - Beogradska svetla
Their parents could be bugged, they don't want to take any chances
If only
We like to open many shops, restaurants and bakeries for some reason in diaspora.
Same rules are applied everywhere
I noticed that us Slavs tend to overuse the articles, or place them in wrong places
People in the region of former Yugoslavia use their religion for identification reasons, even if they're not religious.
Yes
EKV, Idoli , Električni Orgazam, Bijelo Dugme (technicly bosnian, but its exYu, so it counts), Tap 011, Negative (band), Yu grupa, Smak
I'm a pretty right-leaning person and honestly I disagree with most of what you said, but it's always interesting to see someone else's point of view
"Why are you pretending to be English
Absolutely, and spineless people in Serbia still want to make nice with the people that did that.
I heard people call Bucharest "a little Paris", which probably means arhitecturally is very stylish
[UK about Serbia]
that's because jelen is the worst serbian beer.
And since my native language is Croatian I can almost get away in few more counties ( Slovakia, Slovenia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Albania, Montenegro, Bulgaria and anybody speaking Russian because of the language similarities.)
In Serbia we call many our brothers
As other people have said, we don't. And if we do it's usually somewhere in the neighborhood (speaking for the Balkans)
All of them are very very old
When i saw this post i was immideately reminded of that comment
Nope its not her time
yes
I think it's perfectly reasonable to be allowed to defend yourself when your home is intruded, I actually thought that was the norm everywhere until fairly recently when I read than a very old man (85+) got arrested for shooting a burglar who was about to attack him.
If you look nation by their gov, then Americans, French and British people are sick people since their gov killed so many innocent people
&#x200B;
We are the same peoples divided by religions, and that's it, that is where the differences being and end
It seems to me that not everyone could leave the war behind.
It basically argued that Germany's Blankoscheck urged Austria-Hungary to declare war on Serbia.
There are Ana's, Maja's, Adam's, Peter's in every country...
pretty sure there is "Ana Marija"
Serbian (Yugoslav) army expelled separatists forces from Kosovo.
They underwent compulsory sterilization in Sweden as late as 1976
The only one I can think of is "tamo gde i car ide peške" which translates to "there, where the emperor goes on foot"
Stay strong
Does your husband have a brother who is also married
Nah man, trust me I'm not a fan of Russia either.
I agree that there are certain parallels with the end of Yugoslavia and that is hard to really see with the EU what it is that binds the people together and really answer the question - what is the EU for?
As for why a majority don't support Catalonia is because Spain is a member of NATO and an EU member and supporting secessionist movements there is counter productive
can you price some random things
[Here's] a song fully in šatrovački done by a Croatian band
It says it all that in the end Serbia wants to be part of the club that bombed them and not with their "close" ally.
It's so noisy and dirty
Serbian uses Џ instead of ДЖ, though they both make the same sound.
Although conditions were not ideal in some centres, he said they ensured that people had basic protection from the cold.
I like how Gare du Nord got the special mention.
They expanded to the North
Liberals won't change until they realise they won't win
> My own parents used to let me sleep outside all the time in winter, even in -25C. Now I seldom get sick and am rather resistant to cold (-15c to -20c is still t-shirt weather to me)
How many Serbian fighters coming back from Ukraine have been prosecuted?
Men: Caslav, Ratomir, Vlastimir, Prosigoj, Viseslav, Konstantin, Mihajlo, Vukan, Zavida, Nemanja, Rastko, Stefan, Vladislav, Radislav, Radoslav, Uros, Milutin, Dragutin, Dusan, Petar, Aleksandar, Milan i probably missed some
Kosovo is Serbia
What if they declared independence and then petitioned Serbia to annex them?
Honestly kinda surprised for Kosovo there
Literally everybody should be doing better than us lol
With idiots like the head of UNMIK in Kosovo Supporting you by stating Yellow House is made up by idiots and assasins i guess he means this guy Please stop spreading propaganda.
Thank you, Russia for standing up for us in WWI, when the war started and when you demanded from the allies to evacuate our troops and civilians from Albania before they could be totaly anihalated
I've noticed that those who wear clothes with logos are those who try to imitate the current american hip hop style in which the dudes try to flex their money
Edit: Typo
No, in the 90s they didn't helped at all, that's why we got bombed.
Turkey for Ottoman Empire, no idea why it still is a grievance now
Yet, somehow, occasionally I don't feel *"Hungarian-enough"* as someone actually born and raised back in Hungary
Just like the rest of the world
In Serbian we call it puškica which means a small gun
So I don't really see your point.
Also no one would have a backed up such a move, not the west and not Russia.
With 100% certanty I can tell you that we are ashamed, but like in every country you have uneducated or just sick people
Sooner or later Serbia will join the EU.
Tbh ww1 just sped up the process.
John - Jovan, Michael - Mihajlo, Mark - Marko, Elizabeth - Elizabeta etc
Bogu iza nogu - behind god's legs
I could say similar things about Western Europe
Other cities in Europe on my list are Athens, Warsaw, London, Paris, Berlin
I think that Bukovski mentioned something like this in some of his essays (I might be wrong here) and gave the example of forming a sentence where you refer to the white horse: in English, you would said "a WHITE horse - which doesn't leave much space for your mind to wonder
there's no purpose of voting...
Ehh, its not [bad] (shorter version), but i prefer this [one] over it
But I find Serbian better for some other things, like swearing, direct commands, telling anecdotes
We had some great ones - but we also had some serious failures
Early modern English and middle English without much trouble, Scots i can understand mostly but less than middle English, rest i don't understand anything i can maybe pick up on like every 10th word
US just needs stable and steadily expanding EU as business partner.
Ah the good old no data
We had them in Serbia too, we also had uskoci which were like hajduci but instead of going backt to a forest to hide from the Turks they would retreat to a neighbouring country and wait a little before striking again
100 RSD - 2 330ml cans of soda
Yes, of course
I've heard Slovenian sounds more German/Italian
Brexit itself is exactly such a scenario.
I wonder how would people, media and governments from other European countries react to this, because it seems that in Serbia thing like this tend to go unnoticed by the majority of citizens and media just doesn't give a fuck, yes there are few protests here and there but that's it, no one's taking responsibility.
Score seems too low for Croatia.
And those recent things from 90s might still be  "modern politics", so i avoided them
"Serbs did it
Whatever makes you feel special kiddo
I agree, in fact I am hopeful that this might be the best opportunity for Serbia to solve the Kosovo problem once and for all.
These two words are unrelated
Interests beat ideals, unfortunately
It was a hypothetical situation, I was simply saying that if group A destroy group Bs monuments, and groub B reacts by also destroying monuments, they are no better than them.
But if you compare Hungary to, say, Serbia, then it's much more different.
Dude, you LIVE in the Balkans...
We love you too and thank you for harbouring basically the entire Serbian Army and a substantial amount of civilians during the WW1 on the island of Corfu and other places around Greece
Could you explain what it is
Serbia in 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence - -
EDIT: Yep
I really hopy that one day Croatia will be able to outgrow its immaturity and be able to get over its inferiority complex.
thousands, millions etc don't have separators, even tho sometimes a space is used, while decimals are separated by commas
Wars which you always lose if you don't get help from someone else.
We are not nationalists we do love Serbians
It's quite a thing in Croatia, much less so in Serbia.
Edited the comment
Why
I am from Serbia, and Biden is known for statements such as "all Serbs should be put in Nazi-style concentration camps" and "We should go to Belgrade in Japanese-German style of occupation". Should I feel at peace with his victory
court's ruling clearing Serbia of genocide
It's usually only that hot mid summer, when I usually try and sit inside with th AC on blast.
When did kosovo have that
Plum rakija -> sljivovica
The EU looks at him as the only piece the EU has in Serbia while the alternatives may not always be friendly towards the EU.
And before people downvote this guy, yes...
You can see that it was all targeted and did for money
As we know Russian people are poor people and when people are poor a state is not ready for war because the people would desert .
Our very first flag was french flag rotated 90 degrees
Washington - Вашингтон (Vašington), randezvous - рандеву (randevu), xylophone - ксилофон (ksilofon)
Never saw one
It's just so close to my heart
Oh please, Serbia is a small country, it can't destroy the EU.
Domestic seem so unrealistic anymore..
Serbian subreddit looks better now.
100% not true his name has ć (soft letter) ch is Č
North Korea is communist and they still work, AFAIK.
Železnice is Railways in Serbian
We've got rivers, mountains and nice cities instead.
However, we do have several patriotic songs I'd concider as "national poems":Vostani Serbije, Onamo 'Namo, Marš na Drinu, Boj na Mišatu, and Gorski Vijenac, tho this one is, let's say contravercial
The most recent thing involving Russia and Serbia was Russia vetoing the UN resolution calling Srebrenica a genocide, at the request of Serbia.
Lada niva 4x4 eas one of the most popular cars here
Ours should do something too, then.
This is why EU should not accept Serbia any time soon.
Austria sends troops to Hungarian-Serbian border
32°C. Not good, not bad
I agree with you on that, but I don't see how this has to do with Podgorica
Otherwise , nothing great, but if you want a nature trip feel free to visit, wont cost shite probably.
Albanians lived in Yugoslavia too.
Serbian Latin: Džon mejd hiz vej to a tavern tru d dark forest, onli tu fajnd aut dat hi forgot d mani
English is a blunt instrument, like a hammer, while my mother tongue is a thousand scalpels control by alien AI
Foreigners can also easily mix up dž and đ, and č and ć.
And if does escalate, at least i have the comfort of knowing Serbia isnt bound by any deal to aid anyone
You wont believe the legal nightmare it is for these, specially ownership of the codes they write
yeah, its not something you eat everyday, but if you say you ate rabbit no one will find it weird
The inner Roman in me says it would be more interesting if the chess pieces would fight and kill each other.
There was this toy website that completely redefined the meaning of the word "chaos", but I can't find it now.
They are Albanians
If we're talking about Greece and Portugal, we'll bring up the south/north line; if Serbia, Ukraine or Eastern Germany comes up, then we'll talk about the good ol' capitalist west/communist east line; if we consider Slovenia or Poland, maybe we'll say they're in Central Europe and that "the real east" actually begins a little bit further to the right; if Bosnia or Bulgaria become the subject, we'll most certainly remember there's a region called "the Balkans"; depending on the subject, Turkey can be "our almost Balkan pals", "half Balkan, half middle-eastern pragmatists" or in the worst case scenario "those middle-eastern Islamists".
Pet, šest
You ppl can rise up, you have the power
I love it i was everywhere:budva,herceg novi,tivat,ulcinj
They say,,Wages are up by 3% this month"while they're same or lower than last few months
It’s so sad
These guests will then drink from the flask and decorate it with money
Serbia letting NATO forces to pass through their country in their way to other Eastern European countries which Russia considers to be a threat?
EDIT: you guys made me chuckle
It was far to liberal for it's time putting emphasis on ending feudalism in Serbia and limiting the power of the autocrat.
They are a slightly different offshoot because of the fact that they been outside of Albanian borders for over 100 years and had a lot of cultural interaction/exchange with Serbia due to their geographical location, but essentially, we are the same people.
Well, outside of knowing that it was part of Yougoslavia and that it formed a single state with Serbia for a couple years, I hardly know anything about it.
Are there movements in Serbia to return Vojvodina to Hungary?
I'm not Polish so I can't say what feels more 'domestic' to you, but Warsaw had a distinct eastern/middle Europe feel to it, and cities like Gdansk obviously feel and look much more like western/northern Europe
"Is there a bear dancing?" Meaning:"What are you looking at?"
Dimenhydrinate is marketed under many brand names: in the USA, Mexico and Serbia as Dramamine, in Ukraine as Driminate, in India and Canada as Gravol, in Iceland as Gravamin, in Russia and Croatia as Dramina, in South Africa and Germany as Vomex, in Australia and Austria as Vertirosan, in Brazil as Dramin, in Ecuador as Anautin, in Hungary as Daedalon, in Sweden as Calma or Arlevert, in Indonesia as Antimo, in Italy as Xamamina, in Peru as Gravicoll, in Poland and Slovakia as Aviomarin, in Portugal as Viabom, in Spain as Biodramina, in Thailand as ไดเมนนีน (Daimenin), and in Pakistan as Gravinate.
Hi there, I don't know what you have planned for your trip, what your interests are, and how much time you have?
I don't really feel any sort of strong "slavic" identity and I don't care too much for other slavic countries.
Just call us if you want their leader killed again!
Transportation costs, obviously.
So we are basically mordor
This whole subreddit is a big echochamber to be completely frank.
Was sad when Serbia -Montenegro broke up.
But that's not mistaking him for another nationality, quite the opposite.
Yes, you've read it correctly, EITHER
Well, South-Eastern actually...
Dude, how do you write capital L??"
Belgium waffles that got Britian into WW1
A Bulgarian minority in Albania is something weird considering that these countries share no common border.
I was hoping someone would mention this
Serbia doesn't have a coast anymore, I don't doubt Russia would want to aid Serbia, they're historical friends, but they would have a hard time doing so.
Also, disputedly, Petrocić-Njegoš dynasty
Well...why dont you 'plebs' protest?
Dora teaches Spanish in Serbia if I remember correctly
Power to the people
can't tell if you're joking or not lol
Same, going for a few months to a year would be cool, but staying for longer is a no for me
fun fact: iubit is of slavic root "ljubiti" which in some slavic languages means "to love" while in other it used to, but now means "to kiss"
He was a special kind of piece of shit, collaborator and murderer, but he cannot be traitor, because he had nothing to betray in the first place
Also, I imagine Lvov, Uzhgorod or other western cities may say it, Chernovtsi kinda felt pretty Russian/mixed to me, at least prior to 2002 which is when I left it.
"Seeing the Albanians through Serbian eyes: The Inventors of the Tradition of Intolerance and their Critics, 1804–1939". *European History Quarterly*. **35** (3): 465–492
In Serbian public discourse and in colloquial language, *Europe* means *the EU* way more often than *geographic continent of Europe*.
We say "Budimpešta" as in "Budimpeshta". So to answer your question - with the "sh" sound
However, it's the only (European) language that is 100% phonetic alongside Macedonian
In Serbia it's "you'll become a garbage man" or "clean the streets".
But what about his students who are now in power?
it would realistically never happen.
The hate is just political and the people don't hate each other
...Where do you get this information...
What good does it do for Serbia that you don't recognize us?
>Aye, everything south of Kolpa river is a mess
Agree
The most far people go is ‘agnosticism’ . That’s gen Z mostly and gen X, boomers can be atheist since many of them were communist
This is clearly very subjective, and you can use any parameters that are important to you, like cultural differences, military alliances, how often you interact with people from that country, etc.
I often say ja as yes instead of da(yes in Serbian)
Nice
lool, I always found it funny that we drink a special grind/blend of Arabic coffee that we inherited from the Ottomans and call "Turkish coffee" (aka "homemade coffee"), while the Turks today almost exclusively drink black tea.
Republika Srpska has a majority Serb population and they speak Serbian.
No it isn't. What kind of advice is "you'll live in an apartment worse than a prison cell but you will meet wonderful people
Yeah at every point i thought ''wait i'm not sure that Slovenians fit in''. Generally you're too different to be put together with us, but all of these things are very common for Serbia, Bosnia, Montenegro and Croatia
Countries that recognize Kosovo won't care.
It allows the EU to push programs to raise some vague "European" identity above regional ones, as it is already doing in its member states and particularly in the West.
Rakija in one hand and a Cevap in the other for us Serbs most definitely
You have been made moderator of r/Serbia
Sure, some of them are very big, but we're talking about number of cities, not number of citizens.
Yeah, Balkans
yes, but they're not an EU member
they're all dicks that are in this solely for personal profit
If Srpska would be independent and they want to join Serbia who are we to protest?
Nah, of some ustasa giving water to a Serb
Ah I see, you trust google on most things, but not this.
No point in leaving those people stranded.
From it, we also have "kara" which means dick
Romania - tbf probably our best neighbour
I'm sure there would be massive push back agaisnt any military integration should Serbia be a member.
He was acquitted by a military tribunal.
Really
Mar Adentro is amazing
But the joke's on them, Belgrade is nothing else than a microcosm of the whole Serbia, so they're hating on their own behavior
When I first came to the US, people usually thought that 1) I was a communist 2) we didn't have any of the basic amenities they have.
like it always does with time.
Hated:
It uses the Euro and is an official part of the French state, still seems weird to call it part of the EU though.
dude, Synagogue is a Jewish place of worship, not Muslim
I would like to thank France for helping Serbia during the WW1, Albania for letting our Army cross their country and Greece for welcoming them on the island of Corfu
Would you be fine giving 25% of your land to Russia, because the Russians want to become a part of Russia instead of continuing to be a part of Estonia?
I can't get that stupid song out of my head now, thx.
Everyone do as they wish I guess
I know that I had to give a presentation on Serbia and Montenegro in school for something that would count towards my marks that year.
Erdogan is playing very aggressively on multiple fronts
10 dinars - two individually wrapped chewing gums
We are uncultured , drunk , communist always in war and is SO DANGEROUS here etc
Seriously, the greatest historical mistake of us Serbs is the fact that we did not depose the monarchy before the 20th century
I guess i would have to learn Romanian.
But the name still standing
Head, shoulders, stomach, knees
Honestly, that was either greatest coincidence in history or some highter power at work
Rest, hydrate and take your vitamins.
Not the spoiled kids living in the west that don't understand shit.
And just pretty much everyone is smoking
google translate for the headline is "LATEST NEWS: The train is returning to Belgrade Serbian".
We all really like that 'badass' culture, guns, weapons, etc
How can they possibly inform you about something that has hundreds of pages of technical text?
Asides from the literature, music and TV, I also use social media almost exclusively in English and I talk to foreigners more than I talk to people from my own country, so I guess that helped a lot
366
[5]Vampires had already been discussed inFrench[6] and German literature
Caring about the Croatian/Serbian relations.
We have nice people that will ignore everything, but also angry people that will get angry for saying "excuse me". You can cross the red light or not, it all good
air beater*
Where the father in-law puts an apple on the highest tree in the bride’s yard, where the groom then has to then shoot it
Especially present tense
content insights is the serbian one
Basically like every other eastern European country
Doesn't change the fact his nationality was Austro - Hungarian.
I had a Japanese student who worked in Germany and he was delighted to tell me kids had Praktikum and another one who visited Denmark and had a similar reaction to the country's organization
>There was no war
For me it's much more impressive than Putin only saying a couple of words in Serbian during his visit even though there were more people present and Serbian is somewhat similar to Russian
Russia was backing Serbia against Austro-Hungarian aggression, which was backed by Germany.
Wow, that's nice
If they want to have a referendum for independence and then after they're independent have a referendum to join Serbia that's entirely reasonable.
NO and CH could easily join but they don't want to.
which says a lot about our style in fucking i guess
I gave you an like and i subbed, hope you reach your goal, you're videos are really good.
They married in Netherlands, what is secret about it
The tensions, and all Palestinian hatred for Israel in particular, comes from the massive land grab and the forceful theft of Palestine land.
It's just a joke i always watched stuff like pro7 and very often i heard people complain about the weather even if it was winter or summer
I can't decide between creating Yugoslavia or creating second Yugoslavia
When politicians are incapable of fixing their country and improving lives of their citizens, they always start with nationalistic bullshit.
Man, the whole of Europe's done so many things on the world stage, for better or worse, that it exhausted itself
The age-old trope of stereotypical Russian / Ambigously Slavic bad guys and villains in Hollywood action films
Young enough to tell you theyre taught to us as war crimes in schools, at least it was that way in my textbook
People have been getting fucked over for so long that they've eventually gotten taught to tolerate corruption.
Usually if they want to get really offensive, they call Croats, catholic Serbs, and bosnikas, Muslim Serbs
For example like 1-2 years ago one of our newspapers published "trump supports kosovo being part of serbia" and when the white house heard about that bullshit they told them to take it down immediately
Game goes untill there is only one player left (duh)
When I'm home in my flat, which I can get to using my elevator, I often speak English over my native language
it is now, yes, but originally it was made by slavs
Ah yes, the biggest problem eastern Europe has ever had is Covid, bruh if we continue like this we gonna become "North Korea the sequel️"
And I should say that most people nowadays choose the other one, so religious people are a minority (in this age group I mean)
Same here
he's the son of an orthodox priest named Milutin and his mother's name is Đuka.
In Serbia some people think that Standard Serbian is the proper way of speaking.
I know Croatia doesn't hate Serbia nearly as much as Albania does, but still I thought they would stay silent on that topic like most Western countries do.
Greece, to be fair we did share a border until relatively recently historically speaking
before the economy collapses completely
So let me explain it to you: Greeks are not killing macedonians and forcing them to go back to Albania and Bulgaria.
It wanst russian bacled and it was unveled by Serbia.
Glava, ramena, stomak, kolena
What is it in the mind of those people to just go and kill so many people without reason.
Chocolate
Serbian church in Montenegro is like 400 years older than Montenegro itself
Eastern Roman Empire
Yes, but isn't Croatian (and Bosnian, Serbian and Montenegrin for that matter) derived from the said dialects of Serbo-Croatian?
Recognising Kosovo is a prerequisite EU set for the ascension of Serbia (not officially, but the signals put forth by many MPs, government officials , and the big 4 recognising them are certainly a *hint*, to put it lightly).
After elections in 2012 it was 100%.
Not previous night, but there was a riot in Rinkeby in which cars were burnt down by middle eastern migrants.
Oh, and by the way: although I'm not drunk 24/7, there is still some money left for a beer on the evening.
Nah, that's Aleksandar Vulin for ya.
Shit just went from 0 to 100 real fucking quick
Lol, then why this newspaper in your opinion is fallen so low?
\> West abandons religion
It is not controlled by the Serbian government however, so no, Kosovo is not really Serbia.
It's funny how we all know which country you are talking about
I don't understand why do we need more restrictions on guns?
We also have this custom of three kisses for acquaintances and distant family members, but not with close family
Latin, it's hard to type on cyrllic keyboard and i got used to latin because i don't have to change keyboard when i want to type in English after typing in Serbian
They are doing the same thing to Western Macedonia
Also the Roma
And how do you call this "brotherhood"?
There was a satirical party Sarmu probo nisi (You didn't try sarma) which was making fun of other candidates
Albanians are right on the southern  Mediterranean coast
Recently witnessed that with the Poland Nazi collaboration thread and now right here.
i'm pretty sure the shanghai list is regarded as the best university ranking in the world.
Which is completely nuts
It's basically the same everywhere
That's how you get a state champion.
Attacking Bulgaria for no right reason in 1885
Besna Kobila (mountain) = angry mare
Study until around 3pm or so
Would be amazing if these charts had % numbers on them
I don't get our climate
He was also involved in many criminal (mafia) activities.
Exception is Military Academy, where absolutely everything is paid by the state, plus students (cadets) receive a salary.
1945/2006Yugo 2
I thought this post was about Republic of Srpska.
Now, listen here, everybody knows who makes the best burek and sweets in Balkans
These guys are walking freely with no worry in the world, and Serbia is doing this ridiculous diplomatic dance.
How certain tenses are built; so basically I knew grammar but didnt know how it was built)
Are you implying that what happened in Vukovar was genocide
Hvala ti/mu/vam/Vam/im - thank you/him/you (plural)/you (formal)
We can hardly come together, because of our history and culture.
They were occupied by Austria-Hungary.
They didn't even had to be peaceful, just not so hatful and violent to the non Serb civilians in the area
Most people do not even know the difference
I won't speak for your country, but I had the pleasure of visiting it several times (it's really beautiful) and everyone I spoke to was perfectly fine speaking English
You really are doing your religious brethren a grave disservice by pissing off the historically  most violent bunch of people (not only Germans, but ex-colonial powers in general) that decided to live in peace, and give multiculturalism a chance
Trump is much better for world peace than Hillary, that one is for sure.
Hell, if Sri Lanka continues to hold Tamil Eelam under its thumb, I see no reason for Serbia to relinquish Kosovo, Western pressure be damned.
>“polish heroine” called “kompot”
The Independent State of Croatia wasn't really independent
Though the census is pretty bad as they classified all catholics as Croatian (though almost all were Albanian), Bosniaks as "Muslim".
Serbs just lost control over a part of their nation that was in Croatia so it feels like they "lost" a territory.
Based on what I noticed, adults had no trouble finishing their food but kids did and the parents would wrap up their kid's food and take it home with them
Now if you could share with us the document where it says his father's name is 'Milutin Teslea' or a source where Tesla talks about his supposed Romanian (lmao) origins, that would be great.
I would love to see Serbia in the EU and to see our countries cooperate more.
Didn't know we got into EU already
Im glad the WW trilogy is coming to an end
In Serbia he's viewed positively as he's known to have given support to us during our revolution against the Ottomans
Thw word for handgun is "Pištolj" and the word for revolver is well "revolver"
I don't think also that these conditions are met everywhere - as it was seen on Hungary-Serbia border before immigration crisis.
But the serbs do constitute more than 55% of republika srpska...
After all, you should expect heavy losses due to fighting 5 enemies at once as a small state.
Vucic is sending 40 assassins to your house
My blonde, blue-eyed friend and my ginger friend went to Shanghai too and had the same experience
They mostly started it, then we caught up
"Oh, they finally filled the holes in this street
A jos nije ni April dosao
Same old,same old
Even when rejected, it is hard to deport them back to their countries.
Glad to hear, do you have some examples?
So you're basically Canadian
Albanians on the north, Serbs and some Hungarians on the south
if your family on mothers side has no male members it's gonna die eventually anyway
Still, such feelings should pass as time goes by.
Very unpopular, never heard anyone practise it in my country, even on TV.
We are the world's biggest exporter of raspberries
da da Swedish Iceman Serbia indeed STRONK!
It certainly does, but I see no way to create one with the exception of actually waiting for people who solely/firstly identify as European and not insert nationality to grow much larger.
Slovenias best alie and friend is Serbia.
And most maps of Hungary in school textbooks are a bit larger so you can see the relevant parts of Romania and Slovakia as well.
How is Northern Ireland in the British islands ?
Yeah you're right, the way I said it looked like they had much choice
oops poor Serbian trolls who spammed on internet under fake twitter names Trump propaganda.
This would be hard to pull off, but if done right it would be the best solution until we come up with a better solution
More like hostile
As i said, we have history, we don't need our PM to say bullshit like Albanians were present in the Battle for Kosovo of 1389 contrary to every known claim lol.
I'm from village with barely any population and i only had 8  classmates in primary school thats how bad it is
I don't care who was in the right or in the wrong in that war
But it usaully has different implications.
Russia (Russian Empire and later on communists)
Everyone has reservations about the Germans.
Waffles, Brussels and Wallonia and Flanders
Old ladies here think you can get meningitis, pneumonia, kidney cold (may or may not be a completely made-up condition) and so on
We just can't wait to start pretending it's a real country with it's own culture and history.
Dizelaši - during the 90s though
Barem nije mogo da njih zaustavi
Go to the south so you don't have to learn cases
A site I frequent has 8mm that a company in Serbia manufactures just due to the popularity of the M48.
You do know that Serbian Despotate was conquered only in 1459 right
We interrupt this fear mongering circlejerk for the following feature presentation:
Until some years ago Serbia was still called Yugoslavia.
Less than 2000 if you also count towns and villages, not sure about exact number.
And beware, besides basketball, our national sport is to fight with your family over nothing for years and years
You can read a much better and more neutral article [here]
Sea side vacationing culture here is really big, and has been since the 50s.
My friend and I did something somewhat similar for my first trip to Europe.
Roughly that
Weird rock formation, nothing much
They would have to replace that resolution with a new one that doesn't say that Kosovo is Serbia, but it won't happen as long as Russia and China have veto powers.
They will never work with the West.
From these two sentences I assume Belarusian is lexically closer to Ukrainisn then it is to Russian
Couldn't even get into Saint Mark's Campanile (the tower) due to the huge amount of Chinese tourists
Oh dear, that naughty naughty populist.
The thing is we don't really change much when it comes to TV shows/movies
All countries involved should take blame
Among his outrageous campaign promises were: 8 hours of free time, 8 hours of rest and 8 hours of sleep; more tailwind on bicycle paths; promises of better weather; right to impotency; Nutella in field rations (which was actually implemented); and shorter queues in supermarkets.
Oh yes, we have a lot of types of sweets that are based on poppy
Like all national subreddits there are many more liberals on there than there would be if the country's actual political trends were taken into account.
Only people that maybe still see Mladic as a hero are very old uneducated people in rural Serbia
Protesting and rioting are like among the top 3 French cultural traits.
I thought  the french have something against the spanish
An Apple for the Men:
Thank you and just know if any Serb ever invites you to his Slava know that he respects you, since we have a saying "na Slavu se ne poziva" which means you don't call people to Slava so if you are invited that means that you are a special and respected person
I swear I imagined us all as a tribe in the Amazon rain forest
They should just follow the follow the official [criteria]
If it doesn't, then maybe Serbia, sometime in the 2020s.
Just goes to show how progressive we were back then (tho Miloš had that moment "eithsr me or the constitution
Boyko Borisov for sure
NO WAAAAY
Granted they have plenty to be proud for but they're proud for all the wrong reasons
We can see with our own eyes how the conflict in Armenia is unraveling and we could all red about Turkeys army in Syria, no need for you to interpret it for me
They aimed at schools, hospitals, buildings people lived in, any company that was a competitor to any us company, a lot of bridges
> Croatian (and Serbian
I'm not picking on you or your country btw, I'd say exactly the same if a Greek was arguing that Muslims pose a threat to LGBT rights here.
Second really, in first we forgave ethnic cleansing
We are a completely different Serbia than they were
In Bulgarian you have 2 variants if you were present when something had happened or if you were absent then then verb ends on "sh"or "h"(I guess like in Serbian).
The Serbian orthodox church at the time had a special deal with the Ottoman empire while the Ottomans especially tried to convert Catholics.
How similar is Bulgarian to Serbian or Croatian?
During the wedding ceremony, as the couple says their vows, the bride has the option to step on the groom’s foot if she pleases
Everything else in Latin - especially computer-related
Don't use our plight as an argument for killing off various social services in the west.
Anyway, I really would like it if there was a way to fit another language through my thick skull, I would love the change in perspective
I really want to believe they're not still sore over that war
I call it the OFFICE
Just wanted to tell you
As there isn't a country where the men/women are represented roughly equal and most of the positions are dominated by men they are.
In Serbia when we learned about him we didn't necessarily say he was good nor bad
Dude, how do you write capital L??"
Milosevic was opposed left and right by the majority of Serbian people, just read how many protests and how many notable people were killed/disappeared/silenced in the 90s because of him, he even killed the president jesus christ dude.
I don't know what you've been told, but it's wrong :)
Started when I was about 5 in kindergarten, started speaking it "fluently" when I was 13, thanks to some kids from UK I was hanging out with
Yay
Most american movies where someone is speaking "serbian" : half of the time it's btoken russian, and other half is just random sound (I'm guessing how Americans hear it
Because some education systems tend to be biased against certain countries.
No, I'm not really into films, and I'm not Emir either :P
that's because most of the "mainstream christians" are from europe/americas where people are generally more liberal than the more radical on average MENA population, which happens to be the place where most of the "mainstream muslims" live.
Really
Ty man, in serbian you dont have spelling like in english or franch (one leather one sound, no "silent" leathers in words, imagine if all words you pronounce like hit)
Yeah and he also has a bunch of naked women and has a giant throne that is moved by an army of slaves.
And it has more active personnel than Slovenia, Croatia and Bosnia combined.
honey rakija -> mednica/medovaca
We call him [Pičkousti (Pussylips)]
If there is a correct position on Crimea there wouldn't have ever been a dispute
Mediterreanian cities are depressing during the winter.
Goes back when the Serbians dressed as Dutch peacekeepers massacred Bosnians.
No one likes our government here anyway
Od moda srbije do moda evrope
Also, note that Catalonia isnt the only separatist movement over there.
That wasnt nearly as bad as the bosnian genocide
Oči, uši, usta medena
I also like your craft beer scene
It depends on the voter turnout.
If anyone sits here, let him read this first of all: if anyone wants a screw, he should look for Attice; she costs 4 sestertii.
Positive, one of our few reliable and liked neighbors
Hitler
If I was Vucic, I'd pay for tourism to Baltic republics and Finland, just so that everyone gets to their mind with who we are supposed to be in union with
Thanks for everything you've done.
And all that only from reading two sentences of yours on the internet.
We had a war over the issue of secession.
Balkaners know a few more and EX - Yugoslavs probably know most of them
Everyone loves Romania
There are also busts of the Emperors there too
It happens all the time, don’t worry, we look alike, but their heads are larger
Serbia is not in the EU so borders are not as...
Serbs gave to the world some of the most respecting scientists ever: Nikola Tesla, a wonder-man whose ingenious inventions are still being ahead of time; Mihajlo Pupin, physicist and chemist whose ideas on telecommunications are still breathtaking; Milutin Milankovic, mathematician, astronomer, climatologist, geophysicist, civil engineer whose climatological researches spread all over the solar system and inventor of the most accurate calendar with declination of only 2,75 seconds per astronomical year
Ah, of course
Many EU countries recognise Kosovo as an independent state.
Whatever good behaviour a formal Serbian recognition of Kosovo might encourage in the Catalans would be completely overshadowed by the massively boosted independence desire that the example of Kosovo would stir.
Before the wedding ceremony, the bride will drink from a glass, toast, and then throw the glass
Oh, and the plum trees too
Bobby Sands is alive in Serbia and is currently roommates with Tupac.
Yes but he would have gone thoruht the training
Greece got lucky because of its commercial relations with the rest of the mediterranean basin and Bosnia/Kosovo/Serbia to a lesser extent due to their historical connection with Montenegro (which remained ±free) and Croatia.
Of course I'd be nice to you guys, why wouldn't I be, and I'd even use the term "Makedonci" because it's shorter, everyone uses it, and also because fyromian or (bjrmac, i guess) isn't an actual word, atleast not to my knowledge, so whatever the country's name is, your ethnonym is still Macedonian.
Also, nature aside, the villages on the spit are incredibly picturesque, especially Nida
I saw that video, that's so insane lmao
Do you take off your shoes when you enter your home
Then we would ask ya a billion questions likes of "what you want to drink" "are you hungry
nobody wants to be short either.
Mostly around the border with Bosnia
On top of that the real **kicker** is that Kosovo has as many migrants fleeing to the west as does Afghanistan and theres not even a war in Kosovo!!!
With that said, he still seems to be very popular isn't he?
The so-called [Toblerone building]
Their worse problems are their aging population and the failing tech industry.
Of course, i noticed that "the" shouldn't go there
While at the same time, they preach about the great Serbdom while enjoying all their benefits in the countries they consider "Serbia's enemies".
Exactly since all Christmas songs sing about snow aswell
Well i don't know, but the two doctors that work are clean shaven
It became so popular, it started appearing in the US as well.
The EU's gun law is a travesty to begin with.
I understand people get things wrong, but just the fact that so many people upvoted and gave awards to that comment is so annoying
I'm not sure which country officially has to take the blame (since it was probably only a few sick individuals behind it all)
Some light and laughter for this whole election cycle.
Are these are not classics in the Ukraine
My (Serbian) friend once stayed in German hospital and they used to bring him food, meat and whatnot, without bread which is off course the worst thing that can happen to a person
I wonder what are the sentiments in Serbia regarding this...
I was searching for this comment
He shouldn't have said anything.
Russia tries to take over one of the fears in the Balkans, to play that card in its own interest.
The only war Serbia could fight in the next few years, is one with Kosovo, Serbia wouldnt need help with that, nor should NATO intervene since Kosovo is not a member, nor has Russia reason to help.
If you take into a consideration all the variations of these three languages, there are a lot of dialects
Could get by with everyday things just barely on 2 of them (German and Italian) and the third is English.
, Milošević (although he would usually just imprison people for a bit and mess with the election results)
Kids would go door to door and sing a song or a poem and then people would give them candy for it
Zaspanka za vojnike and Juzni vetar
it would not be ''each other'', it would be Serbia against EU....and EU would win
Been there skiing,i didn’t like it
I think we are fucked either way with or without EU so...yeah...
It's older than the universe
"Serbia belongs in EU, economic progress evident" - -
Slovenia is not Austria or Germany but the quality of life is much better than in Albania or Serbia.
Implying that having/not having Croatian/Serbian friends will change your opinion on the state.
True, if you have some criminal record, even if you have trafic violation you would be less likely to get credit from bank, which make ur life harder and make you second class citizen
A lot, there's even 2 sets in my city
Only after 3 month Nato bombing campaign, Serbian army retreated because it took so much toll on civilians and economy in the rest of the country.
We all know every nation, every religion and every race has good and bad people.
When your nation is a monarchy, making fun of the king or the queen sometimes can lead you to serious fines in some monarchy countries.
I have a Serbian friend (from Srpska) but we don't discuss politics.
Nope, maybe in your country though.
After that all the other Slavic languages barring Polish maybe
Spent a bit of time in Vienna so it isnt new, but still cracks me up
Tf you mean "take anything back" you never had it, Kosovo didn't change its borders a single time for the duration of it being a country
You can't compare a Hungarian to a Serbian, they are two entirely different sets of cultures.
Oh sorry 410 dollars is on the south of Serbia where i live i switched places of that and average in whole country, in whole country is around 700 dollars [here] is the source but its in Serbian
Dude, the French go out and burn cars because they won a battle 200 years ago.
Intuitive grammar came from videogames,youtube and a little bit of it came from school(eg
Job prospects are shit so people don't bother to rush with their studies.
235–242
He turned russia from shit to one of the strongest countries
Everything is done in person, and it must be signed
Yet still our government has strong support from EU leadership and top officials
The 9/11 terrorists were trained in camps in Banja Luka (Bosnia).
*Please, stop
"Unholy Alliance" by Takis Michas is a good book about the partnership between Serbian and Greek nationalism, especially regarding what it meant for their Macedonian and Bosnian neighbors in the 1990s.
Remove the chapel and it's basically Serbia.
What do we get
Really new movie, really good imho if you like crime movies
Well we are having a discussion here is behavior seen in the game common in Serbia.
It's the same meaning with the words changed
i often feel like spain is the polar opposite of japan
Rambouillet is not a document that an angelic Serb could have accepted.
Serbia is missing an explanation aswell.
It can be seen from two points of view - firstly, we were held in a nation wide prison until the Soviets finally gave up on occupying us, so having the freedom to move around is huge for us.
6th century, slavs migrate to Balkan
And other recognized minorities are Bulgarians, Gypsies, Greeks, Poles, Armenians, Serbians, Slovenes (Vends) and Ukrainians, who all use their native language to some extent.
put means road
Ah you just discovered the hypocrisy of this sub, well done :) But you will just get called out by people saying 'Oh but Russia is a superpower and Serbia isn't' like international law should depend of ones nuclear capabilities.
Semi-prominent football hooligan & ultra culture, especially Belgrade & Zagreb
I don't say this proudly at all, but it's what happened, and it happened during my lifetime too
UN states urged to arrest wanted Serbian radicals
We have one about defense minister's dad selling weapons on black market or the one about president being tapped
Knowing what Hungarians think about all this LGBT things, I think this wont be good
but thank god there are only 100 of them left
I also know few professors that would give you an F for writing in latin
You can see professors and students smoking together in the back of a high school
If someone is talking on the bus it's:
Ummm everybody around us, except maybe Hungary because we're currently bffs with Orban
I don't think Serbia is in the position to be making huge investments into renewable energy right now, so it's quite annoying that the EU has these requirements.
How I know/assume all of this
Macedonian/Bulgarian and Slovenian
" -But it's stolen money, how can you say that, do you support the Y party
And you might want to do some googling yourself, not expecting everything to be spoon fed to you
Also, noticing the overlap of territories between Serbia and Bulgaria is not something you can spot easily at first, especially if you don't know what you're looking for.
In the same way Russians think about how NATO missiles pose a threat to Russia.
I'm really interested about that
It gets crazy hot and some beaches are stunning (others are dirty, don't go there).
Stop with "peace and cosmopolitanism" bullshit already, it is selfdestructive
lol, you have a [Portuguese military presence!] in Kosovo since 1999 and somehow you don't know who we are, well we are the ones that waste taxpayers money to keep Serbia from fucking you over.
Most US citizens don't even know Serbia exists.
As I've said, the ones who are being applied for this job are political activists of the opposite spectrum.
You were very missinformed if you thought that Serbia is the most racist country in the Balkans.
Don't mind him, Mindalero is a good guy but he can be pretty harsh against Serbians in general no matter the context of their comments.
Other Slavic languages, except Polish
We share historic and cultural bonds with each other, like 80% speak either Germanic, Slavic or Romance languages.
I really wonder if that could have affected the result, and if it did, then they really sell themselves for cheap.
This is a fairly balanced view of Serbian politics.
It's a pretty good score for a 7million people country (and considering it's pretty much 1 school doing most of the work)
then there's something seriously wrong with nightlife there
Naaah, i didnt said they are islamist.
Not the onion: Croatian president apologizes to parents for giving away chocolates from Serbia to children in Dubrovnik ,,This will not happen again.
Hungarians for a century still grind teeth over Treaty of Trianon, but it matters to no one but them and they don't matter.
i'm gonna speak for primary and highschool only as you're probably all familiar with bologna system for colleges
Not the red poppy, but we wear Natalie's ramonda,  which is an endemic species in Serbia and N. Macedonia
It's pretty normal to tip waiting staff here, but you are definitely not obliged to, and if you don't, waiter won't (at least - shouldn't) give you any shit for it (he/she may not have an entirely content expression though).
However we do have problems with radical imams and muslims that preach and follow Salafi version of their faith.
I have met Turks that think that Ottoman Empire was a jolly brotherhood between nations.
Damn, that does sound amazing
well it just is, starting from italy being far better industrialized, having higher GDP, lower unemployment(2 times), italian economy consisting of exporting luxury products.
And obviously takes pride in being a Serb so why not oblige him.
For her sake because she is gonna be obliterated by the Gottkanzler in the elections this year.
I think he means Serbia got to rule them and Croatia and
The guy shot into the crowd of people.
Montenegro was also one of the Yugoslav republics along Croatia, Serbia and others.
Yeah, just Engleska
Seselj probably in satiric way.
Serbians for sure want to and will leave that quasi federation.
Do you really think Ukraine could do anything if Russia went full out on them?
People got over the Berlin Wall, and escaped the USSR into Finland, and that's just a few examples.
on Christams day we make special food [česnica] you put gold coin (well today just regular one) and who gets it in his slice he will have forntune that year
Our current politicians would be more than willing to sell for the right price and I don't think people would mind being part of Norway
By most estimates about 20-25% of the entire population died.
of Red Moscow
Yeah, this is fucking weird stuff
I would guess a similar scheme would be set up for Britain as well.
Oh boyyy another smart move by NATO giving a organ stealing drug trading guerilla mafia that provoked the Serbian army into entering Kosovo a state!
funny how it's the albanian minority being "mistreated" in every country they border with.
First the chocolates, now Anne Frank.
I wonder how Serbs are related to the Serbian nation as well.
Honestly, I see them as one, or dialects of one.
No worries, do you want me to buy you a map?
Bashar al-Assad interview with Serbian newspaper
The ratio of cars to parking spaces is 20 to 1 in my city
Salaries are usually at least 2x or 3x higher than what school teacher gets (senior developers get more).
Thank you for your patience
No, not a Yugoimport employee either.
What
The first one is also from 90s as well, though not firmly proven
I hope our relations will get better and we can read together in peace <3
They just secretly want to create an empire again and rule over eastern Europe.
You country is built on genocide.
You guys regularly go to Estonia just to buy liquor?
Now Vucic realised he made a big problem.
E.g. Novak Jokić is a legit Serbian name
This constitution removed Kosovo and Vojvodina as separate entities and changed the name of the republic so it was no longer 'socialist'.
Not much: Orthodox, widespread nationalism (The Radikalna Stranka comes to mind, nobody calls their party The Serbian Radical Party unless they really mean it.
So, while nobody discriminates me, I feel caught in the middle in a sorta *"neither here, nor there"* situation - on a personal note, also not helped by the fact that I have a half sibling from a parent's previous marriage (to a Serbian) who has a Serbian name and surname and identifies as such despite of his mixed parentage, who really isn't the closest with us and mainly hangs out with other Serbians and while I respect his choice, it also makes me feel even more internally alienated and adds to the weight of the impression that something I can't quite point my finger at is amiss in this whole story
Yeah shoulda just thrown them out of the airplane.
Court Declines to Reopen Bosnias Genocide Case Against Serbia
It also has other jurisdictions, like it can decide what court has the right to a case (in an instance a man lives in town A but he dies I  town B the two courts there cant decide who has the right to start the hereditary process so they ask the supreme cassation court to decide for them)
Half of the whole country supports the protests, having in mind that protests erupted in other cities as well
How can Kosovo be the cradle of Serbian culture when you came from Eastern/Central Europe?
It's funny how we all know which country you are talking about
System isn't working, current gov created this situation and crisis in EU
Have to give a shoutout to TasteSerbia.com for a killer food tour that was the highlight of my visit.
Not learning another because English is enough for me, I'm not a big traveller.
Bosnia appeals against UN court's Serbia genocide ruling
There are Universities all accross the EU that you still have access to, and most of them are free or almost free for EU citizens.
Where I live everyone's like "Germany is rich, good laws, good people
Serbia's protests are getting shut down but I feel it and would love to support you guys
He will utilize any means to realize his goal and cling to power.
Fascinated by the English language ever since we started learning it in primary school when I was like 7
both Greece and Turkey is NATO members
Serbia is in great relations with the part of Bosnia it border.
I've met people from various parts of EE, from Russia to Poland to Czech to Serbia and they're all like that.
Iraqis protested, yeah there was tension, no one died
A doctor in Serbia doesn't cost nearly the same amount of money.
That's almost the average salary for 1 year in Serbia.
Is it due to culture or you're supposed to not say hi to your neighbors or
OP made the case for why Crimea is Ukrainian, but it doesn't apply to your situation because OP doesn't agree that Kosovo should be Serbian.
Thanks I realize that, Serbia has held exercises with NATO
It sounds kind of funny on it's own
Glava, ramena, stomak, kolena
If you don't take the meaning in the account, then yes.
It was mentioned in the wiki article.
You do realise if this happens, Serbia would have to intervene?
Serbians/Bosnians, how do you feel today about each other's countries?
So this subreddit criticizes us for having having such a heavy police presence at these things, while other countries dont even hold the parade.
How come Croatia doesn't try to claim the Croat regions of B&H like Serbia tries to claim Srpska?
In fact, I could see Serbs voting against in case of a referendum.
But I find Serbian better for some other things, like swearing, direct commands, telling anecdotes
It's really fascinating how similar in some aspects Slavic languages are, and yet diverge in others
:O Gde na istoku
Your average Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian, or Albanian citizen doesn't really care about the other.
For the moment I only saw first two panels and that got me very optimistic.
But we totally think Serbia deserves to be in it, because they are our 'friends' "
Szekely goulash from Hungary, made of pork and sauerkraut,  it's amazing
But might i suggest actually reading up on a few subjects instead of trolling?
Serbia has 47% of pro EU citizens, others are mostly *undecided* not anti-eu.
Even more funny, Serbia was a big collaborator with the Turks during their time as vassals.
You Serbian apologist are just a step away from holocaust deniers...
It is also way easier to simply say Serbian if you speak the "ekavica" dialect or Croatian if you use the "ijekavica" dialect.
Fair enough although we have a sizeable diaspora in the UEA which isn't that bad
"Ne pucajte jebo vam pas mater da vam jebo"
TALK
Well technically we **are** the Former Yugoslav Republic of Serbia, but you can feel free to just call us Serbia.
The bride is unable to leave the house until the apple gets shot
movement
Habsburgs only held Bosnia and Vojvodina for a short time, Ottomans occupied the whole Yugoslavia for far longer and more violently.
For both Cyrillic and Latin
Oh, look at that park or building - yep, they stole all the money there and that's why it's bad.
Because most Germans are leftists and now that Trump is the US president their bubble has popped.
Regardless that doesn't refute the fact that Nikola Tesla was an ethnic Serb.
This one doesn't work
There were only questions
Crackpot
Balkans, the place where most of shit happenes
Afaik both the Croatian and Serbian presidential representative dismissed their support in the case, leaving Izetbegovic to destabilize BiH by himself?
Serbian air force has more planes, and newer ones, with even more on the way.
It did have a border, and thanks to Serbian liberation from Austro-hungary, Croatias border got extended to include Dalmatia and Slavonia too.
Granted we did go in spring when it was tourist season
In English, I oscillate between a typical posh valley girl and then slip up and slip into a *istern jurop aksent* occasionally
I 100% agree with all of this, especially the location and the privacy part
We don't have continuum with medieval Serbian state (or rather states)
I don't know my neighbours, but some of my friends do and talk with them sometimes
I'd argue that being Asian is something completely different.
Dragana Mirkovic
People like this be really tend to want to learn the language anyways
That would mean that there's some equality in your relations with USA, but there's not
Шта ти није јасно?
I know /s but seriously saying that Serbia (or Princip personally) started IWW is the same as saying that we started IIWW because we did not want to give up Gdańsk; it's far more complicated
Tl,dr: the Ottomans delayed the spread of western technology to the Balkans.
Austria - Hungary (both equally)
I dont understand this whole discussion of so called expansion.
they are not migrating because of how wonderful they have it with all the wars over there
Hungarian is the official language, there are schools that teach Slovak, Romanian, Croatian, German and a single Rusyn one (which is also the school which has the least students in the whole country, 9).
And then sent ground forces with KFOR in order to maintain the occupation of Kosovo and make sure that "evil Yugoslavs" don't return.
Attacking Bulgaria in 1880s, our King did it to stop their unification, the morale was so shit he had to lie to his own men
Unless we can somehow pull ourselves out of the economic and political shit hole we are in right now, I don't plan on moving back, however I do visit regularly
Because now voters with normal IQ vote less.
The communist  Yugoslavia was on the other hand forced on everyone including the Serbs
It wasn't a recognized independent state by anyone though, in fact in link you provided Roman Emperor was still an overlord of the Principality of Serbia, just with great autonomy.
A they give us cheap Russian accents and B it's almost always putting us in a bad light
Thank you Poland for giving me my granny, pierogi, sernik and kisiel
I don't know much about him to be frank.
What I am saying is that politically Serbia is not prepared to join the EU.
Sure not all parts of the US are like that and im generalizing but still
It was actually, i was at Orasac and it does look like the painting, and the Voivode literally did meet there, every notable Serb was there and they declared Karadjordje their leader, all because the Ottomans slaughtered other Voivode 8 months earlier, in an effort to break the Serbs.
Exactly, you don't *think* and you don't know.You do not know the foreign policy of Russia towards Serbia.
Novi Sad is very safe and so is the rest of Serbia
Our history classes don't really lie - some stuff where we fucked up big time are just sugarcoated and/or omitted.
000 Serbian soldiers, including our king Vukašin
Im not arguing that he is Serbian, i'm just telling you where they got it from.
This is part of the reason ethnic issues are complicated in Montenegro
I doubt that 136 more Turkish diplomats will do more harm than that.
Here we have a naming convention to add suffixes to any word to make it a name
Welcome to Europe
Many people died on the way either because of the freezing temperature or because of starvation.
But if the west keeps importing third worlders, the situation might turn for the worse for you too, most of those people want to stone gays to death.
[Ukrainian flag] + their sweet [coat of arms]
In a sentence:Very few familiar words,so its kinda hard
I'm an Indian national studying as an international student with a study permit in Canada.
people who have the US citizenship tend to just call themselves americans despite their background.
[They even held a referendum in 2012] whether to include Russian as official language.
There's a plenty to choose from :D
So yeah, I would say "too bad history isn't such a narrow thing".
How is this relevant to the post though?
I learned he plays hockey from an Oliver Stone interview which is amercian media that I found online and I know he's a KGB agent and does karate from Wikipedia, also online
48% of British Palestine belonged to the Palestinians in 1948, now down to the 22% and ever-shrinking with settlements.
Lol EU sensibilities
I commend your use of /s because I hate people who use it but I feel it was very much required here
>  films are known for their non-traditional approach to film making, their dark humor and their critical examination of the Yugoslav society at the time
In Serbian there are multiple expressions meaning "really far away". The most polite one is "Bogu iza nogu" which means "behind God's legs", there is "u pizdi materinoj" which means "in the mother's cunt", "u tri lepe" which literally means "in three beautiful", but refers to three beautiful cunts (I find that pretty weird myself)
Enough man, whats up with you trying to start a fucking war in the comments?
>*To ride out, he loved chivalry,*
After the regicide of 1903 the military and Black Hand had been closely linked to the Serbian government.
Greec for not bombing us in 1999, and of course i want to thank every country that does not recognize kosovo
I hope for the young people from Serbia that I'm wrong but to be honest I don't see any improvement
I'm a little sceptical on Serbia/Bulgaria.
I was surprised in this thread that even many young Serbians are against EU integration, I thought it would be different for the younger generations.
Well, the Austrian high command started WWI, so injustice is a bit of a stretch.
But as you said despite that the city felt like a dream
Uroš the Weak, son of Dušan the Mighty, literally ruined everything.
It's the only Serbian channel that was broadcasted here because of the music.
I'm Serbian and even I know that's the American scientist Nick Tesnolds
The Germans especially
Curious as to why
It also has other jurisdictions, like it can decide what court has the right to a case (in an instance a man lives in town A but he dies I  town B the two courts there cant decide who has the right to start the hereditary process so they ask the supreme cassation court to decide for them)
Alcohol makes most people feel happier and more open to socializing, not really a mystery
Yeah, for Serbian its enouth to have one grand parent.
Latin; almost always- Cyrillic only on government documents
Or you know, you could buy Vojvodina and have big fertile region
They also got large appartment from a company they worked at and were able to buy it out in a few years (companies were building appartment complexes for their workers and giving them an option to buy them out by deductiong monthly payments from their salaries with some minimal interest rates)
And besides, on a local level, sure, there's always hate underneath the surface and societies turn brutal pretty fast
However, Serbian ultranationalists most likely would still want to get rid of Albanians and somehow take over the entire region, or at least Kosovo.
That's not happening in macedonia right now, is it?
Don't take it all for granted - I'm learning too, so I'm confident that not all of it is correct!
"It's complicated" is perfect description for someone not connected to this area.
I always felt that Croatia is great with geek culture
The reason Serbia is like this is because Russia inserted nationalism.
I don't know if the debt was a real reason for Yugoslavia collapse.
Is there a traditional Christmas/New Year movie then
Now,most of the shit is pretty dumb BUT you need to stop believing everything they say
How many gold medals has Serbia won in athletics in the last three olympic games?
Unfortunately the Brussels agreement is basically dead.
An interesting perspective, thanks
1 dinar - absolutely nothing, you get it more as change
I know Idi i smotri, but that's about it
They can't take the Macedonian identity away from us either way or make us seem lesser.
there is no such thing as "communist block".
We're pretty good with Romania
Man you don't understand, people in this subreddit know history better of any military official, political scientist, historian and international law expert that publish globally recognized researches.
I've literally been all over Greece, when people hear me speaking Serbian, they flip.
I know Crockett by his trademark hat, what he actually did in life, I have no clue.
they probably will collect a decent amount of people's test to create a more correct statistic.
It is also the final insult against the Serbs, who have been uniquely demonized for the Wars of Yugoslav Secession, and an especially bitter one considering that even the hostile international community recognized Kosovo as autonomous within Serbia under UNSC Resolution 1244, subsequent willful misreadings by international bodies aside.
No, there was plenty of foraging in there too!
It's not, not anymore at least
It's possible to go have a beer/coffee with almost anyone without even knowing their name and became friends
Two reasons - I really do not want to have any uninvited guests and second, my car could get out
But like I said, Serbia for RSK situation (and it's police and military forces) had pretty different opinion.
You could no longer take your towel and just enjoy the summer and swim
Takva nam je sudbina,šta ćeš.
Za dom spremni was used by NDH which comitted genocide on the Serb,Roma, Jew populations of ex Yugoslavia, it is associated with it thats why it is offesnive to Serbs Jews and Roma alike.
Out of respect for the Serbian *brothers* Bulgaria also didn't recognize Kosovo...
Actually it's a huge issue
Our autumns and springs got totally fucked up in the past few years
Have you inspected it so that you can know?
Arguing now with my Serbian wife about ketchup and pizza.
They got 3rd place in presidential elecetions in 2017 (9,44%)
Ah Ortodox brotherin
Which one was getting that big chunk at the top?
Nah the comments in our newspapers on this news are VERY critical, everyone is telling him to basically fuck off and that they wont send their children to fight a war.
yeah, but it also means punishing
Idk which polls you saw but i dont know anyone who will vote for him
You can add O to anything at beginning to make it sound "greater" if you like, or don't.
The only member states with opt outs from the euro are the UK and Denmark.
I simply stated that as long as those on the receiving end are criminals alike (and not innocent people), then I couldn't care less.
We just call it Serbian, but Croatian and Bosnian are so similar you can only tell the difference by accents.
I like to think that they are broadcasting this to him in Hell
We kiss three times when we meet with new or known people here
What context has Assad with Montenegro?
Имаш ли проблем са ћирилицом?
Serbia and Slovenia have always been friends.
\[4\] Christian wives were sought by converted Muslim men to retain a degree of Catholicism in the household
Nema loseg vremena, samo nepropisnog oblacenja
Closest it has ever been to that is the first Balkan war, but then it was nearly everyone vs Ottomans
(So why just not wait there haha)
Should they have
I know, by memory or *almost* by memory, the English, French, German, Italian, Croatian, Serbian, Yugoslav, Polish, Russian, Soviet, Chinese, American and Canadian anthems aaand I think that's about it
I'll never think about Sarajevo the same after this
Yeah, though I can actually see Montenegro and Serbia joining together, sort of like Spain and Portugal in 1986 or Romania and Bulgaria in 2007.
Now that you mention it, nowhere.
We have never been a proper democracy
Bottom right he's standing next to M47 Patton
Serbians do have positive feelings about Chinese
People living in poverty should just pick themselves up by their bootstraps, there is no obstacle at all for all our citizens.
From my experience and what I heard people say, it's better to stay with your parents and not have to pay rent, plus in the future you'd inherit the house anyways
also kids at school are given money which they use on crappy junk food, instead of a home made sandwich or similar.
january), but Christmas is celebrated on 7
Right, well you apparently have a knack to compare Serbs and Serbia to Nazis.
That's why you elect representatives and those representatives hire advisers to decide on those things with the benefit of a foresight.
I mean, if 55-60% speak another language, isn't that most people being bilingual
The Independent State of Croatia wasn't really independent
In a Serbian wedding, the bride fights bad luck by hiding garlic in her bosom
These people are not what i'd call well-dressed
Welcome to Serbia, oh wait
I think east of Germany is eastern Europe, but below the top of Italy is south europe so South east europe
Even for longer parties
It's probably not good for the ol' noodle
Or I'm just informed about it and curious, stop making it be a media thing
Their parents became religious, so their parents AND the school system don’t question religion, precisely orthodox christianity
In Serbian, it's just a bit higher pitched, more upbeat and fast - energetic somehow
More - sea
That they are awesome, that even during the war the people of Serbia didn't stop partying, no one has never broke the spirit of a Serbian.
But there is a reason for Croatia and Serbia to be separate (different religion).
>I am interested in Syrian war since it started and often discuss it on internet and i can say only few people really support Bashar
This is a speech at the European Council
Is it true serbian cajke are a guilty pleasure for some there?
Feel free to come, we are waiting for you with open arms
It all depends on moods for future integration.
Zahvaljujem se, zahvaljuješ se, zahvaljuje se, zahvaljujemo se, zahvaljujete se, zahvaljuju se - I, you, he/she/it, we, you, they thank someone
I thought all the Serbs were running off to Austria not Switzerland
Someone just took a pic of the spoon and then someone posted it saying it's in a hospital for some internet fame
It is annoying when they don't sometimes, but not to bad usually
So, I guess Crimea was just fine, then.
Lmao everything is in English
Then from 1459-1804 part of Ottoman empire, uprising in 1804 great autonomy 1830, independence 1878 this lasted until 1915 when were occupied by Austrians, Germans and Bulgarians liberated in 1918, then kingdom of Yugoslavia until 1941 (1945 in exile) then commie times until end of Yugoslav wars 1995, union with Montenegro until 2006 and then modern day Republic of Serbia,
Ah yes, same-sex marriage, the only thing that matters when determining if country is civilised or not
I know what this map is trying to say, but I am 100% sure it's bullshit
I remember reading somewhere that the word "Illyrians" was attributed to the people of modern day Albania, Croatia, FYROM and Serbia, who were linguistically Latinized by the Romans.
It's exactly in the same vein as Donetsk if Russia achieves victory like Serbia did.The difference is that Russia didn't need to do a genocide.
In Syria's case, I'd rather support a dictatorship than Jihadists.
Almost impossible
They are the cancer of Balkans.
First, I’m not talking about Turks as killers, but about Erdogan’s regime
Was there any major event/scandal that triggered this shitstorm?
Stevan Sindjelić - vojvoda from first Serbian uprising a true madlad, when he saw he couldn't win the battle he blew himself up and killing 10 thousand Turks with him
Gastarbaiters working aborad in the West for a couple of months or so and coming back home and acting like they're Elon Musk all of a sudden just because they spent a season carrying boxes in some random German factory
Nothing strange about most of these names are common except a few like Zavida, Prosigoj that stand out a bit
"-Psst
Actually onions
I sve to sa 0$ budzeta, online viralnim zajebancijama i performansima.
I am sure that EU and the UK will have some FTA in place in a decade or so, and maybe even some transitional agreement will be reached.
Soviet-influenced countries and the USSR itself had money, plenty of social classes and a hardcore state.
Cabbage is more popular here, i've only eaten the other kind twice.
EU, Russia, China in one go, I'd say that's a rare combo + all other countries ofc
We love you too and thank you for harbouring basically the entire Serbian Army and a substantial amount of civilians during the WW1 on the island of Corfu and other places around Greece
don't vacation there because it's very undeveloped for tourism - go to Greece instead (and then we went to Halkidiki, which seems to be completely undeveloped for tourism and filled with Serbs)
Refugees not allowed to leave the reception center in a Serbian town without permission
They'd work and send money back to family.
You really have some problems dude.
They threw 15 tons of uranium on serbia and montenegro which was a un violation people are still dying from cancer and numbers are going up because of that
You think that's ridiculous
Ah the great Serbian Empire which lasted 25 years and was barely bigger than Yugoslavia.
Oh yeah, [Serbia innocent] in all wars they have been to.
Those who listen to Croatian, Serbian, Bosnian music definitely understand more and so do those who spend their whole summers on Croatian coast.
No problem, really, glad I could help
Add Turkey and Serbia to that list.
Sini jarko sunce sa Kosova
As far as i know it's only used in Polish that way.
Serbian imperialism was the cause of the war.
If left is so good Brexit, Trump and Pen wouldn't be option
Is it really about the Lisbon treaty?
Okay, now link every war in the last 30 years the US has been involved with, and their consequences, and you will see why Russia is prefered.
Are you sure you aren't just sad that you didn't get to host it
Well done neighbours
Yeah, but after the change some would call them Czechians, as they do with other "-ia countries".
We are heart of Serbia and we will always be
Geographically and economically speaking, Serbia's position is best possible, but when it comes to war, that can be a huge problem
It seems that only people who'll remain in Vojvodina are Serbs that have nowhere to go.
Somehow a bunch of Greek politicians managed to outwit all european financial agencies but mr Papadopoulos from Lamia was in for the plan.
I'm talking about Europe as a whole, although I know it might be hard for you to grasp such a concept, considering you are American.
And Macron is same as current president
Како би ова Енглеска реченица изгледала кад би била написана у писму твоје државе?
This is not hating on serbs, this is logic.
Oh come on, we pretty much know that populist movements such these target a part of population that is usually poor and not acculturated.
But the name still standing
Да. Само не знам шта мисли
Merkel only reacted when people realized how fantastically stupid idea it was to invite these leaches to Europe.
I just have my doubts about the Serbian government.
I'm confused, what the hell does Serbia and Croatia have anything to do with this article or post?
I would very much like to live here, thanks
Support Austrian people from Serbia, stay safe
What are you going to say next
I gave my friend some rakija to take home
Serbians Vs Croatians Vs Bosnians...
And it says that these killings were more revenge than a regular crimes for no reason
this is a problem rampid in the EU.
How the fuck pig could be racist
Really small and mountainous state.
When I was in Montenegro a couple of years ago, I've seen two of them on entire beach
I do agree with you that he should still not be underestimated as a threat.
Other cities in Europe on my list are Athens, Warsaw, London, Paris, Berlin
The topic isn't about Serbia, it's about the idea of 'fake news' and its principle in general, that's why I listed the most popular ones.
Either [this one] or the present-day flag
when your country's average wage is near lowest minimum wages of europe
Nothing to gain from these kinds of posts
I would add my birth town Brus,  translated to Bra
You can be polite and say "thank you", but it is also ok not to
Serbian capital city, Belgrade is one of the illest party destination.
Serbia can we please have one century without Balkan dick measuring contest.
Yes, ne of the ways I can tell if something is written in Croatian or Serbian is how many foreign words does it have (apart from that, the Croatian -ij).
Why would you say it's Serbian?
And yet the flame of freedom once lit could never again be smothered.
a high percentage of programmers in the USA are immigrants from India, China, Japan, Taiwan etc.
You should fix it
Later Russia joined the game, so we had Austria-Hungarians, Turks and Russians all trying to assert dominance in the region, which greatly influenced strategic position of nationalities  in then poor areas of Balkan that were occupied by both Turks and Austria - Hungarians
Also younger people tend to speak English.
Zavist - envy
Some people say it's a linguistic term.
hmm...I was born in Serbia, and I'd definitely say Serbia is in Eastern Europe.
The Montenegrin authorities say two Russians carrying passports in the names of Eduard V.
Well yeah, but it's still a wayy to say bless you.
What is Serbia's army comprised of?
Most Russian Fortress in US: Fort Ross California.
I think thata biggest traitor was Milos Obrenovic
Germany or Netherlands
Nagasaki (nuke)
Vatican, Germany and the US after them ) made us go for Greater Serbia, start more than one war and ruin any sort of a united Yugoslavian entity even though it was precisely the West that supported a unified Yugoslavia from 1948 when Stalin threatened it all the way to 1991 and the SANU memorandum and yogurt revolutions started way before the USSR falling apart
Western Europe didn't exploit shit.
This year, corona crisis, riots, fires
Fucking hell, what happend to Serbia during that war?
>except Hungary our brothers
Also, due to a rivaling disputes through the centuries, focus shifted towards east and it turned out that core of first stronger medieval Serbian state was in Sandžak, and then spread on whole today Serbia and much more.
Everyone has tried it at some points (usually at 17-18) and never drank it again.
Holy fuck that’s hilarious
I'd worry more about the US from Montenegros perspective, they did get bombed by the US led coalition, not by Russians.
Honestly i find them much more similar to Western Slavic nations than to other ex-Yugos
Ah yes, a man of culture
99% correct; just:
Also some minor ones like stoning people celebrating Christmas and going to the cemetery.
However, problem was there were still some areas which were influenced my multiple nationalities, such as Macedonia (which was a mish mush of Greek, Bulgarian and Serbian customs)
Yeah, that's what happened on the Serbian border.
We should give them sea of Serbia
I've never really realized how flat majority of Europe is
My personal opinion is that abusing welfare is the point where there should be limits on the freedom of movement.
The Zarac will be dressed in a wreath of peppers and hold a whip that will divert evil eyes from the happy couple
We took our some for almost a month last year.
That is respectable and everything but still for nothing
Probably 626
Usually it's told in advance I think
To bese onaj Kiddara valjda
It's currently so fricking cold here I'm freezing
r/badhistory and a bit of r/ShitWehraboosSay.
Montenegro - People of the two are very close and hostile towards each other (mostly), but our goverments are not in good shapes lately and montenegrin politicians intend to make their own orthodox church, which is obviously not a good sign for our people there
Don't you have pig trailers: ?
Well thats sucks
Srbobran (serb-defender) Srbomir (peace serb) Srboslav (glory serb) Milorad (glad to work)
Ж ж | Ž ž |like SU in Pleasure (like JE in je m'appelle)
I think the issue is that (FYRO) Macedonia is demanding something...
And Vojvodina is not good enough for you
Men like to kiss each other on the mouth when they meet
V4 and Balkan states I think
Slovenes are Vienna horse grooms (always subjects to Austrians)
Thessaloniki - Solun
They need Serbia to tell them what is good for them!
That's....not really good then.
We had a war 22 years ago, and another one 4 years before that
[I like our flag from first Serbian uprising]
Apart from that, probably Novi Pazar (not a region but a city)
It says Serbia could’ve entered 134 before Covid per passportindex website
That appears to be what social democratic parties mean when they call themselves socialist today, too - that's what the "Socialists" in Party of European Socialists means, for instance
Only ever met him
In my family we used to prepare [fried carp slices in breadcrumbs] but since a few years we switched to ["rácponty" ("Serbian carp")]
Happy Birthday Serbia from Austria!
Europe should have buildings that are built according to the traditional architecture of every place
I'm not
There is obviously a difference, especially when it comes to this topic.
I have only seen one, and it was in the new section.
War is awful
Interstellar, 50/50, Gone girl, Pulp fiction, Prestige, The cider house rules are the ones that come to mind.
I know of weirdos who unironically think that quarantines should continue after the pandemic because of this
Roman - novel
However, I would replace Iran with Egypt and Saudi Arabia for the travel ban.
EE does have a bit more smokers, but considering the pack price is 2-4 times lower than in WE it's not surprising.
lol so your response to me, which is doing that exactly what you are asking for is it to greet it with more hostility
There's Nadežda in Serbo-Croatian, but it would be shortened to Nada.
Everyone in my country says the opposite
its b92, nr.1 Serbian Propaganda site of the Balkans mate :)
Hungary really doesn't get the credit it deserves regarding fighting the Ottoman Empire
Guess which theyll do
When Croatians reclaimed RSK it wasn't by any idealistic talk but by their military rolling over everything in their path and desolating RSK.
I have a feeling that Serbia will get a nasty surprise.
These Drains happen because no doctor wants to live on a minimum wage.
On Christmas day, we also throw wheet seeds at each others
But there is no sense in having an EU army and then NATO together, at least for me.
What for was State of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes formed for
Written languages: the difficult ones would be the Baltic languages, and I couldn't tell the difference between say, Serbian, Ukrainian and Bulgarian in written form (though I can read Cyrillic).
It would be impossible to have 204 completely different flags, so there are bound to be some similarities in colour and design.
Is this a cheap try to provoke more Balkan drama?
Other than Serbian, I speak Hungarian pretty much fluently
What about Russia, Serbia, and Armenia?
Same as Bulgaria was called Bulgaria in 681AD, Hungary called Hungary, Serbia called Serbia, Poland called Poland, England called England, etc.
ICJ ruled that Serbia didn't play a part in Srebrenica
It was changed in 2007 when Kosovo decleared independence and no kosovo is not Serbia by usnc resolution.
Edit: well now that I think about that, maybe our agriculture will get fucked up, as all the people on the north are farmers, nad those on the south are stockmen
Liam, Leo
Yes
without prior political change in Serbia
It's the most practical choice i can think of.
this subreddit is for asking about Europe, not r/europe
because there's only this shit happening over there and nowhere else
"In democracy, you can freely piss on me
Now, concidering growing poppy, from what I'we heard, you need to register with the police if you are planning to grow it, and when harvest comes you have to surrender all poppy shells to them, to be disposed of
You call the polls that were in the US accurate?
Sorry mate, you deserve better
They were voted out of power around 4 years after Kosovo declared independence, I wouldn't say that was the only reason they lost the election
If the entire population was tested, I seriously doubt Poland or Serbia would score high, among others.
True Serbia is winning in direct matches versus Croatia, Croatia is winning in the gold medal count.
You are never getting Kosovo back, that is just how it is
I don't count Croatian, Bosniak or Montenegrin because we share the similar language base
Serbia is very pro-EU, what rock have you been living under?
5 million people live there
Yeah true
develop my infrastructure daddy
First 3 easy
Didn't see what thread this response was from, nearly went into a huge rant.
The Albanians expelled from these regions moved over the new border to Kosovo, where the Ottoman authorities forced the Serb population out of the border region and settled the refugees there
Yea they died for their country
Everything is corrupt
Well, the Serbian Eagle looks
Because this has always been the case, if you take a look at US history, christianity was always a very important factor.
Montenegro is free now,lets goooo
Aj dount nou abaut ju gajz, bat dis iz mejking mi laf sou hard
Otherwise, it would be like eg comparing the GDP of Serbia to the GDP of Yugoslavia: a comparison that doesn't have any usefulness.
Look how cousins on thrones made milions fight in mud
The Serbian word for peanut is "kikiriki" and I always found that super cute
I ask them what thay want me to say and its pretty awkward
This article also says so in the title.
rückwärts, as in backwards
I don't know about Serbia, but there's no class here.
Apple Shooting:
I only know he views us as more stable then before and will work on the stabilization of Prishtina and Belgrade but how is the key
That user likes Vesna Pešić
I didn't digress, im on subject, as long as UNR1244 is in effect, Djeravica is the highest mountain peak of Serbia :)
They are perfectly in line with the European social democratic tradition
We don't learn those at school however as it comes naturally for us
Just like people in Crimea, m8
[Here is a pic]
I just said that if you are against generalization, don't generalize others.
So grammar can be quite complicated to grasp
During the vote for independence we had, 55% of the people voted leave, because our economy was stronger than Serbia's (tourism and all that stuff), and because of that we were weighted down.
That will surely be a peaceful solution.
I remember this from Wingman CSGO
I'm serbian but I have to pick Athens
Licence for ownership is obtained relatively easy.
Instead of thinking "what can I do to fight the corruption?", people usually think "what can I do in order to become a part of the corruption?".
A huge place, but still a democracy.
Serbia's human rights need to improve dramatically before its application can even be considered and economically it doesn't do well either.
Have you got bambi's "Wellness" cakes?
Yeah because you did it at a time when thousands were already deep in Europe.
Makes me glad we're landlocked...
You Poles really love to talk about the Soviets every time Hitler is mentioned
• [Beli Dvor] the White Palace, residency of the royal family, then Tito and now the former royal family
That if one takes into acuount that aid is rarely "money you don't have to give back" but loans are often  counted as aid and that even those loans have strings attached
Or those societies make some kind of
Croatian, Serbian, Bosnian, Montenegrin, Slovenian
Technically it WAS an islamic caliphate considering that the Ottoman sultan also bore the title of caliph.
I wish Yugoslavia was back
If you put that much effort into lang learning you ll neglect one of the following: chemistry, biology, geography, physics, comp sci, math
Corruption, although it doesn't directly affect me
[Bora Dugić - Tren (Moment)]
In Serbia, you're either in Belgrade or Novi Sad, or you're completely forgotten and isolated.
So on a post about protecting peoples rights of expression and the right to believe whatever people want, you suggest banning people from believing in things you don't like
But not on beer and all that shit
Austria
This is clearly a matter of efficiency and cost-reduction.
I'm Turkish and always had Serbian friends, actually many from the Balkans in general.
Zapravo i ja i ti smo pogresili ali smo ipak ispravni
Did every president/leader attend this event ?
Serbian FM says recognition of ‘Republic of Macedonia’ was ‘foolish’
**I can manage to save around 200~300€/m** with just a little help from my parents (providing local food one or two times a month that can cover up to one week of food expences)
If you are interested in this topic I recommend you the book ‘Za i protiv Vuka’ by Meša Selimović.
1783,34
The people he had killed were Serb too
It's completely changed in Serbian
But your opinion is irelevant anyway
Might I ask what are you talking about?
Why is no one mentioning whats happening in Montenegro right now
Both pretty much come from the school of anti-progressives
If you are looking to be offended
Well, those are all common Slavic possessive suffixes, so it figures that you have them in many surnames from Slavic countries
he wasn't a general from day 1...
Google translate says: Shred the unleaved (leafless
The licence was bought from Italian Gandola, if I'm not mistaking
I grew up reading old SF magazines from Croatia (Sirius was probably best in Europe in that time), and Star Trek reruns on your national TV
Historically, Bulgaria for sure
Other than that there's touristic Channels that post videos about many stuff
On who
But I would count 1( serbo-croatian) or two Serbian and Croatian language but I think it is more appropriate to wait for answer from Bosnians and Montenegrins ( did I wrote that one right idk)
Cons: Immigrants, Corruption,(un)safety,a war can break out any moment,cancer(nato uranium '99),the most annoying famous people and ,,Gasers",the most incompetent politicians(reply for explanation),a stubborn minister of education trying to ruin it
Ömg
Last year, 2013, saw Croatia's accession to the European Union.
Kobe (like the basketball player)
Thank you for your patience
From here on it goes as: kurđel, askurđel, kurđup, kurlebalo, sukurdov, surdepač, parđupan, ožmikur, kurajber, sajkatav, beli orao
' Aleksandar Vučić while talking about curfew hours during the 'Rona pandemic
I'd say people admire Dušan the Mighty's kingdom the most as he created [Dušan's Code] with some pretty advanced law institutes, also he conquered many Byzantine cities and created autonomous Orthodox patriarchate so he could proclaim himself tsar
> That clearly a decision based on cost-benefit analysis that serbian nation did
Still doesn't make sense, they only occupied Crimea because they need a warm-water harbor in the Black Sea, why would they take Constantionople (Which has 10 milion angry Turks) to achieve the same goal?
Wow, we have both those words in our language (divan is used rarer nowadays), but it's funny to see them in Russian, seeing as they came from the Turks, right?
I can understand Vienna since it's called the same in hungarian, but why is Thessaloniki different, I don't know
I call it the OFFICE
I also know few professors that would give you an F for writing in latin
Since then a new ethnicity developed there who called themselves Macedonians, to even greater Bulgarian dismay because they considered them Bulgarians.
I really cannot decide which option to choose, so i'm asking you guys here for advice, what would you do ?
Plus if sweets in general, then curd snacks enjoy extensive regional popularity, but are unknown to the rest of the world.
We were actually offered to join a bunch of times (Gotta check my sources tho.
“Obviously, there are people with more power who are behind them,” Montenegro’s minister of justice, Zoran Pazin, said this month in an interview in Podgorica, the capital.
The Austria-Hungary created Albania out of the hidden tribes, in an effort to stop Slavic entry to the Adriatic sea
German and Russian sound cool to me
Anyway, I was born and spent most of my childhood in Montenegro
There were many but they're gone for variety of reasons as its wooden
I don't think this is a big taboo for us, except for war veterans obviously, and sometime they give their two cents as well
Please, don't drag me into replying to you further.
Dont worry Norway, our foreign minister only speaks one language, Serbian, and our minister of Defense has never served a day in the army
Russia didn't officially invade anyone, it's just supporting Ukraines 'rebels', Serbs also don't recognise Crimea as Russian, they recognise it as Ukrainian, same with Ukraine AND Russia recognising Kosovo as Serbian.
You're paying $75 to fly on Turkish Airlines that skytrax rates with 4 stars rather than on Air Serbia, which skytrax rates 3 star.
Communism means the absence of money, social classes, and eventually the state.
Liberals won't change until they realise they won't win
I first saw Basque as a written text, and when I searched on youtube and actually heard the language it sounded completly different than I expected
Not really, Serbia just wanted Serbs to live unified, they just wanted Rep Srpska and SAO Krajina to join Serbia, because they were afraid of what happens when Croats sieze power *khm NDH khm* and that is what sparked the war.
Also, let’s not forget that as we wright this down, two countries wage war against Armenians in Caucuses, which is not so different than this one
Yeah, I lived in CPH only
Живот means Life in Serbian and Stomach in Russian
Nvm Crimea is Russia not Ukraine
Killing suspected KLA members and their families.
Rakija is drank slowly and with enjoyment
EU, Russia, China in one go, I'd say that's a rare combo + all other countries ofc
Bashar al Assad interviewed by Miroslav Lazanski
Basically Serbia would behave like it does recognize Kosovo, and would deal with it like with another country etc.
Eh, I admit it was pretty lazy
WhatsApp(pronounced as "what's up"), Viber and Facebook Messenger.
I have a feeling it depends a bit on your social circle or generation
Yeah yeah i love it here in Serbia high wages normal people, cheap prices
But the focus is as I said, the Holocaust
They indeed are
6th century, slavs migrate to Balkan
Is it because of the Catholic church's influence?
Balkanites would be the cheapest and less likely to spend money, which makes sense considering they come from poorer countries (the Russians we'd have would be at least upper middle class by russian standards).
Due to its cultural ties to Hungary, historically, it was always more Central European in culture, religion, language, government and architecture
I also know that when Czech filmmakers went to Madeline Albrights media campaign and showed her some pictures, she called them disgusting Serbs lol
Kawasaki (like the Kawasaki bikes)
Serbia's case against Haradinaj: Murder, rape, beheaded baby
My younger brother had already known how to ride bike, and I was so ashamed that I couldn't ride it and he could
Many countries will refuse entry on their airport terminals if the customs agent thinks you're likely to overstay your visit.
I don't fucking care about my supposed Serbian ancestry, Croatia4lyfe.
Over here, rightest-wingers sometimes hurr durr about Serbia/war/*disibiodevesprve* to attract their idiotic voters (and distract them from their empty pockets), also in recent times the trollish left-wing Zoki tried to imitate them and failed spectacularly.
Vaše reči izgledaju tako čudno, previše akcenata i 'y'.
No, they don't take their shoes off
So Serbia proper couldn't support financially and military Srpska, during the war.
The whole sub kicked off with half angry at me and the other half defending me.
"Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely"
" (It's always used sarcastically)
[Vuk Draskovic] speaks on CNN news
Great Serbia>>>Yugoslavia
Oh my god the wind
Serbia sends train inscribed with words "Kosovo is Serbia" in 21 languages to Kosovo
Just in general,i see how western culture makes fun of every conspiracy theory and opinion that differs from the dictated one
I think anyone who isn't proficient in Serbo-Croatian would have a hard time telling apart Croats from Zagreb and Serbs from Belgrade.
Ughhh it's a similar situation in Serbia
Croatian-Bosniak conflicts in Bosnia...
100 of those were destroyed by Croatian extremists, as it says in the link Lectarian provided.
McCain talks about Montenegro's NATO bid
If the glass breaks, it is said that she will birth a boy
It is indeed weird - English would be much better
Then later "WHAT
[Pljeskavica] and [ćevapi] I feel hungry now.
The only type of people I can think of saying that kind of stuff would be football hooligans.
because of the numerous african and pacific island nations we aren't gonna visit anyway.
I do agree that it is difficult to define when it's just about the taste difference, but it could be done based on the "active" substance (for ex.
Mladić and Karadžić ( and many others) were arrested and are currently doing their time in Hague
Can confirm, went to Serbia, they are obsessed with meat.
No coast even in imaginary maps
If the UK hasn't decided to leave, and thus renegotiate its relationship with Ireland, among others, Ireland would not be in this situation now in the first place.
I hope to see this behavior stop soon, because it's not only becoming boring, but also embarrassing.
This is my two cents on why Crnogorci don't want to integrate into serbia, there are probably a lot more reasons that i hadn't listed.
Considering what kind of journalists serbia has some of them probably do deserve to be imprisoned for the lies they publish
There's a popular rumor that cults and the like meet there, claims justified by strange symbols and pentagrams seen by those who explore
There was no choice for Germany, I dont see how I could be more clear
It really is
He isn't pro Russian but he isn't an EU subjugate either.
This is what makes the difference.
Good guy Serbia coming with the solutions.
Medicine; I mean you can pretty much guess why but our medicine faculty is decent and our doctors are capable, even so a lot get offers from the germans and such to come there and work
the hate in Balkan did not start during the 1990s war.
Yeah, but he actually did some important things in that period of time, while Saint Sava did nothing special except building a couple of monasteries (no disrespect to Sava, he is an important figure for a reason, but I think people idolize him way too much)
well those people are more active in commenting about it.
Huh, I am kinda surprised with us
How is montenegro cutting of Serbia?
Don't worry, he is just preparing his dirty presidental election campaign
I've always seen Serbia as a bully of the Balkans and everyone else as its victims, who don't get along among themselves for some reason.
(I can read some Polish
Well, at least it seems that we ain't the only ones
Pretty common names today aswell
Trump is best thing that happened to US in a long time.
Yeah, this is fucking weird stuff
After all it is the role of Serbia (after Dayton) to guarantee pece in BiH
Mladic replied with 'then you are a bad piano player'.
There's this up and coming game that's getting a lot of traction, called Scorn
No states are more hypocritical as Serbia and Russia when it comes to separatism.
Wow, Welsh is really a beautiful language i can see why you preserved it despite the circumstances
Srpski dobrovoljački korpus je ništa više od obične policije po gradovima u Srbiji i ona je u poređenju sa ustašama, pa čak i handžarima, zanemarljiva za spomenuti.
Yes, because considering the way they were treated as a region within Serbia over the last 20 years, and given their difference in ethnic groups and culture, I believe they have the right to self-determination.
He would also attack servants and run until exhausted, wailing that he was threatened by his enemies
e and o also mean "hey" but it's up to you if those are the words
And yeah, i found Czech and Slovak to be very similar to Serbian and very easy to learn, to i never comitted.
I think the lady said this in Belarussian: ,,We are independent from tutelage
On the Christmass eve (Badnje veče), we (formally) go to woods and chop a branch of oak (Badnjak)
Convert that shit to Euros, I'm not gonna get brexited in the ass again on the currency rates like last time.
I don't claim that Serbian and Croatian are completely different languages, however they are not close enough to be fused in one language.
I tried reading it, but there is no way to do it hahaha
While Serbian Nationality is defined primarily by religion, Albanian is by Language.
This is probably a list of the most like and most hated countries
\[1\] General [Kosta Protić] who led the Serbian army during the war, did not want Serbia to have "its [Caucasus] as an Albanian minority was viewed as a possible security concern
Their child can as well If I'm not wrong.
Petersburg which is along with Moscow the main tourist destination.
it's not serbian language, for sure.
I wouldn't say that Musk wants to save earth from global warming, yes some of his ideas and projects are good and will help the environment, but in the end he's there for money
Didn't know we got into EU already
[we have something similar, they're coated peanuts though]
Estonia went from 0-100, real quick.
This is a Djukanovic made up story.
I'm curios to see if the moderators will make real changes in the subreddit if one or more topics in the survey will be spot on.
Italian is important in Istria (history), and they have bilingual signs.
After 2000 is where most of "privatisation" robberies have taken after.
From that amount of alcohol I doubt he has any sight, let alone vision.
I have recovered now as it was over 20 years ago, but I had to go to lots of therapy in the first few years
I read tomatoes instead of tornadoes and was soo confused
It's like saying beans are a type of soup, at least it feels that way to me :)
Great stuff, it's nice to see this sort of thing coming from Europe.
Most Greeks don't view any Balkan country as close to us tbh
I never sad we shouldn't be proud of who we are
And EU ascension is tied to Kosovo independence too, so we have to play with Russia and China
Bounty hunters are illegal pretty much everywhere except in America
Kosovo is recognized by about half of the UN, so the question does not have an ultimate answer.
This situation is not sustainable and the violation of their right to self-determination is unjustifiable.
It's cold but still very fun
Churchill about expulsion of million of Germans after WW2
Rather than advocating Marxian socialism, they will advocate "taming capitalism", "introducing a mixed economy instead", "a society based on cooperation, social justice, altruism" and so on
So not much sense at bashing it as a repost
Just another regular family in my region
I personally think that the wisest thing to do would be to get all Serbs out of there and give Albania a offer, they take Kosovo, and we take a part of their territory that gives us access to the sea
Of course they had a lot of will of freedom but in my opinion Serbia would be better under Austrians than independent at the time.
It was really weird, because all the other inscriptions were in English and they were really inspiring such as 'Just keep going' etc
Jebem ti mater
its this
ugh, the koreans opened a couple of factories in southern serbia (poor as shit) where people for 6 days a week for 10 hrs a day for 200 euro net a month.
I think it's safe to say the average slovenian speaks 3 languages.
Take your ID, drivers licence and proof of insurance.
It's popping")
It's completely broken
PHOTO: Message to those who painted over Remed's mural in Novi Sad
That's why I said samples are problematic.
I'm in this comment and I don't like it
it's a shame how late NATO intervention took place in Bosnia and what stupid bombing took place over Serbia (and even then we, a non-NATO country helped America against the best neighbouring country we had).
Kosovo is black because its not a country
Not everyone's consumed by negativity
Did you even opened my link about Russian population in Crimea?
It is not that simple, friendly connection of Serbia with China (and with African countries if that matters) is older than EU, and Serbia does get at least some international support from China
Yes, all parts of Serbia can afford to come to Belgrade for night life/colledge but cant spare like 500-1000 din(4-8E) for a bus ticket or for fuel to come to Protest, please spare me.
I have another one, would you like Greenland to be independent
(the Russian minorities i mean)
Not even kidding, I saw many times that people (especially organizers) act as if Romania, Slovakia, Serbia and Ukraine are just counties of Hungary.
So in other words you got genuinely triggered?
For Cyrillic-based languages, there's always one or two letters that are unique to only one of them.
Authorize the United Nations to facilitate a political process to determine Kosovo's future status.
There is no source that can back that claim up.
We have far better relations with Serbians than Russians or Italians.
People not realizing that he is intentionally trolling the entire msm by making them look like the dumbasses they are.
*Mi daj šufla seleki
I was obsessed with the show even if I was confused most of the time
It should be noted though that Austrians did feel it was Serbia's fault.
>german speaking countries, we are highly aware that we were part of the baddies in WW2
It honestly does seem that way, I recall an old thread where the Serbian majority parts of Kosovo (small amount of land) were talking about what if they joined left Kosovo and just became part of Serbia proper.
*Disclaimer: in modern language, those two are not defined as anybody's property
Edit: If there are any errors in english or gramatical idc i typed this because i couldn't belive people belive that this wasn't an agression
A lot of Serbians moved from Kosovo during our migrations north and Albanians moved in and expelled and cleansed Serbs
It was the same in Serbia after Milosevic, nah, the momentum will just slowly die off as young people leave, and middle aged become old, and the country falls asleep.
Balkaners are stereotyped as being drunk on rakija, which is far from truth
And the biggest Neo-Nazi group in Serbia is led by an open Jew
In the north of Serbia where there are 300,000 Hungarians suicide rates are also higher than in the rest of the country.
Josip Glasnovic defended the Croatian Gold medal in Trap shooting.
I mostly went for the modern Kings
According to the international polls, Serbs are statistically the most hospitable nation in the world
If a Chinese person distrusts the government in public, let's just say his life won't be so bright in the near future.
no, but serbia got bombed as a result anyway.
How is Serbia openly hostile to the EU?
I think Fillon wining would be the most ideal for France.
Montenegro is a lot smaller than you
We destroyed Bulgaria in a battle /s. Lol
A Serb who never drove a lada
It's definitely not just about the taste.
Du woast holt schu dass I schu bam Bundeshea ois besta Gfreita aussigaungen bin, I war in am Haufn urgeila Saufnochtl und hob über 300 Stiegl gsoffn, oida.
Meanwhile the country was drowning in debt.
I was about to write the same
"Serbia cooperates more with NATO than with Russia" - -
And sabaton
But anyway, we conquered it, when you conquer it back, not cry to NATO, sure, take it, until then psshhh.
Yeah they need to look at themselves and not to pretend to know everything about EU and give shitty ideas.
looking at that map (unrelated to the post) - i noticed i've never seen anyone here with a Lichtenstein flair
So we get a shitload of refugees, to many
Absolutely, women are especially pressured to have kids before they're in their late 30s
As someone from Balkan this sounds really scary
I think overall Serbia shouldn't be compared to Turkey or Russia.
And,worst of all, you think the truth is propaganda and there is no way to make you see the actual thruth
We also say lopata for shovel
Serbia is one now to
It's the 90s genocide Serbia nobody likes.
Germany (together with other NATO countries) bombed Yugoslavia in 1999, and then in 2008 recognized Kosovo as an independent country.
To Kosovo, most of us have made peace with your independence, and we don't hate you
This is getting ridicilous, they actually gave serious thought and calculation when to post just to get upvotes/downvotes :D Guess Serbia is a bigger problem for them than their failing countries.
Spremni ili ne, krećem
when it is well known that those weapons were smuggled in from Serbia.
The Serbian Army Commander insisted that Serbia 'should not have its Caucasus' and the Prime Minister argued that the Albanian minority might represent a security concern
In Serbia too, Pusi kao Turcin - smokes like a Turk is used.
It was Serbs that were ethnically cleansed.
Don't quote me on this one but in Serbian word "Tepsija" meaning "casserole" came from Chinese, and word "Kovceg" meaning "Chest" came from Mongolian i suspect these words came via Turkish
>***"Fully worthy" (respected, in high esteem)*** *was he among his lord's* ***men***,
I'm not really sure, though, what we can do with this data.
I have been called a putinbot for calling out some crazy Baltic users for making warcries against Russia.
Serbian fans raised that same banner "Noz, Zica, Srebrenica" in a match between Greece and Bosnia in November.
Because the economy is failing, he only can offer nationalistic and religious pride, by killing Kurds and Armenians, bullying Greece and Cyprus and playing tough with France
I know of some VERY crazy stories that happened to both me & my friends but I can't say this is something I ever heard of before
No, Serbia and Croatia just can't go together.
(for cluster\*\*ck event / clumsy person)
Serbia really is sooo far away from developing itself.
For example the NSU or Blood and Honour type networks are/were involved there
A lot of people moved to Germany in 70s (gastarbaiters), since there were no jobs in Bosnia.
Yeah, "mlečni restoran" (milk restaurant), same principle
Oh yeah, having a school full of children massacred plus a bucket full of other terror events is an 'annoying thorn', sure.
I don't want to be *that* guy, but like, Croatia/Serbia, I can understand.
We are dirt poor in terms of medicare.
Bro, we have rows of pensioners waiting in line at 6AM in front of their favorite bank every 15 days or so to get their money out.
Something always bothers her
Law; I myself study and go to this faculty and there is always a job open
"Dacic must decide whether he represents Serbia or Russia"
CK3
Exactly, Kosovo is a matter that does not influence Serbia way to EU at all.
As a Bulgarian, i think Polish is the one i can understand the least of.
In norvegian helvete means hell
I only realised on reddit that you don’t have pita sa mesom
feels like being stuck in a limbo
That way Hungary and North Macedonia could have a coast and God knows that Bosnia needs some of it too
The largest country by area fully in Europe
You forgot the Marxists lurking under your bed.
Yugoslavia went down the drain because Serbs wanted a Greater Serbia and rule the others as untermensch-slavs
That's not the only problem of course, Montenegro has a problem with the rule of law and new laws such as the government taking church property
Yes there are nuances to the language that need to be learned to know it properly but they are some of the easiest languages to learn once you figure out one sound one letter.
The Kosovo government, which says it received no advance notice about the train, responded by sending at least seven armoured personnel carriers with ethnic Albanian special-forces troops into the north, badly jangling nerves in the region.
Nowadays USA has a major lead though (EU+), but just because the denizens of a country can sometimes be anti-refugee or "anti-muslim " as you put it, does not mean that USA had anything to do with it.
This means, in the next 4 years, the EU will be the ultimate authority in Europe and by extension the Balkans.
Serbian: Teško je u tami upaliti svetlo i ubiti komarca.
They would have thought of the assassination by Gavrilo Princip and have blamed it on Serbia and Russia even more.
You call me brainwashed, yet you say Serbia is the agressor, did you know that Croatia actually escalated the conflict by sending attack helicopters on civilian barricades?
Back then it was considered good
another thing that is funny is that like half of those points are like that because of african americans even if they're miniority
balm for all the senses
Honorable mentions to all EX Yugoslav countries, especially Croatia (although we didn't have much shared history before 20th century)
And people have a right to be pissed.
Certain tribes assimilating others wasn't uncommon back then.
One of my favourite episodes is the wars of Alfonso de Albuqerque (sorry, probably butchered his name).
And if you didn't know just read the [wiki page]
There is at least 15-20% value difference
And if he meant that then Kosovo, Montenegro and Bosnia should be on the list.
Why
The food is excellent here, very diverse and you don't get hammered by taxes.
Intuitive grammar came from videogames,youtube and a little bit of it came from school(eg
I think its just Serbias support and Kosovo is coloured the same because it's disputed.
That's just rich :D edit: I think this guy is the pure essence of a free democracy and a free media (which we don't have), and future (satirizing politics, showing everyone how retarded the political situation is) So yeah bro, if Beli is the future, i think Serbia has a bright one, finally something bright to come out of this political muck that stayed here from the 90s.
Underrail
mass genocide
Not possible and not gonna happen.
In serbian
We visit each other often but we never make it an event
Where's the "e"?
yump (jump), yacket (jacket) etc.
I'm not against a federation, but I wonder why would anyone ever say that a Spaniard and a Finn are the same
Their parents became religious, so their parents AND the school system don’t question religion, precisely orthodox christianity
He was participating in battles
Don't say it loud, they may really print the tomorrow issue with this headline.
Definitely Golden Age for Serbia
Pet, šest
Hir in Srbija vi drink rakija end it sarma lajk it iz a lest dej of auvr lajf
I remember hearing something about it, and hearing about how she had some strong evidence, but I didn't know it was a conspiracy
Here's the thing, I don't see why Serbia would need to recognize Kosovo
Here in Balkans we upgraded
However, she wouldn't be our scandal queen if she didn't at least try make it even more controversial, so she decided to apologize and promise to send those children Croatian products.
Why are these even distinct languages
serbian IS a majority language in Mne though
I honestly never met a Croat/Bosniak who had a bad opinion on me because I'm a Serb and vice versa
Embracing the US-NATO War Criminals Who Destroyed Our Country: Serbia’s Agreements with NATO.
The most recognisable building however and the one the city is most know for is the
Good thing she doesn't speak Serbian, or it would have been an even bigger shock.
However more precisely Estonia is Northeastern Europe and Serbia is Southeastern.
Female: Jelena, Milica, Ana, Ljubica, Olivera some other definitely just can't think of them
Ah yes, the liberators of the working class brought a tank
Seems too dangerous for a message about climate change
I'd say it's common for women here to talk about it amongst themselves
Truly beautiful people those communists
However, she must wear a bridal wreath
It has only happened to me when I stayed in Greece
We are heart of Serbia and we will always be
that's cuz Germany is a continuer state, not a successor state.
In Serbian The Sun got middle (there are like 3 genders when saying male female and like object gender
Thank you Greece for everything you did for Serbs in WW1
We have a saying "puši kao Turčin" = "smoking like a Turkish".
I really like it, but it's not that special
For instance although this is more know
Don't mention that, our politicians, Zvezda or Partizan and you are good to go.
I mean what was your president's temper tantrum on Serbian chocolates?
I met a kid once, son of some uni profesor from Zagreb, and the kid recited some of this stuff to me here in Belgrade
Serbia looks exactly the way Romania looked in the '90s when we had the great economic recession after the fall of communism - a poor communist country.
Churchill is still celebrated as a hero in the west
Not sure if it is too late but going from pristina to nis is not possible - you will be rejected at the Serbian border.
That is one of the 'lighter' stories compared to some others.
Serbia's flag was flown in 1918 because of WW1, and France's in 1920
It depends on the country of origin.
Honestly, I do not think leadership in Croatia sees Serbia as a threat.
They utterly failed and now they are grasping at straws.
I remember Kesić making fun of him for this
[*Catholics and Sultans: The Church and the Ottoman Empire 1453–1923*] Cambridge: Cambridge University Press
I hear they're building another one
I am saying that destroying monuments in response to your own monuments being destroyed just drops you to there level and makes you no better than them.
This is stronger among more civic nationalist leaning people
Happy cake day
Even for longer parties
You've had such a hard time in WWII and after that with the soviets yet still you've manged to build great economy and some really cool skyscrapers
I think east of Germany is eastern Europe, but below the top of Italy is south europe so South east europe
Its not hypernationalist.Its common sense.Anyone even with a small amount of historical knowledge of the balkans knows that FYROM is a complete joke created by communist Yugoslavia.Hypernationalits from Greece and Bulgaria want to annex FYROM,regular people want them accept what they are primary Bulgarians with some Serbian blood and Albanian minority and with stolen Greek history.They can be their own state we kinda fucked in XX century up so we dont deserve them.
Same here in Serbia, we celebrate Christmas on January 7th because the church still uses the Julian calendar.
Winters are hard, schools/hospitals/markets are far.
I simply do not see an event in which RS is being surprised and occupied, by Croatia especially, in which Serbia does not intervene.
the rape and murder of Tijana Jurić, a 15 year old girl from Vojvodina in 2014
And here we are, going to be grouped with Germany.
Severina x  Ministrake - Uno Momento (Croatian/Serbian)
Flair checks out
well i mean, you did say they love their fries
We already had 2
There is a soup like variation of beans in all ex-Yugoslavian countries but prebranac is much thicker
Ana-Maria, although not foreign anymore it's quite rare
Well for example Montenegro will most likely join before Serbia and Croatia is also a member.
If somebody does then I'm not in agreement with them.
If I would have posted the link directly the post would have been probably remove because it's not talking about Europe, when in reality it is.
Not just men, but women and children too
> Serbia, the land in which the Prime Minister is a lesbian, doesn't even allow civil partnerships
9mil lad
I *honestly* cannot even wrap my head around this nonsense.
If you know better then please expose your thoughts.
Yes he got Seebia independent but killed Karadjordja greats hero Serbia have seen
Serbia today
There's no collaborative hate for one person, people like Tito are contraversial
You stated in your previous comment that republika srpska serbs should move to Serbia if they dont wanna live in Bosnia.
Outside Europe the only country we don't really fancy is the USA, every other country is mostly seen positive or indifferent.
Yes, and there is a fine line, a very significant difference between being a nationalist and a national socialist.
I was like clean shaven up until like three weeks ago, but i decided to grow my beard back
German is for me i don't know what it is language just sounds badass
Meanwhile in Serbia after 50 years we still don't have  a metro :(
should we say then that Kosovo is Serbia?
His ideology was based on geopolitcs he was leading, not other way around.
It is false, by this logic my people could claim that we are the descendants of the Romans because Romans lived in Pannonia.
Only after this was the dictatorship called because of the differences in views that were so radical you couldn't agree on anything
Serbia Eyes Fighter Jets, Armored Vehicles From Russia
I have read a lot of articles about Russia and i am not scared about it's power , Russia to me seems like a weak country compared to America or Germany or France which are countries with a great economy and military power .
The fact is that Serbia, Bosnia, Montenegro and the rest are all poor countries and for a lot of people that's "great, more poor countries to pay for and poor workers immigrating here".
However to claim that every Kosovo Albanian is a former terrorist muslim is just stupid af.
Different spelling and words make it difficult
I can totally see Serbia and Montenegro joining together in like 2030 or so.
Not earlier and definitely not "always" like Russians often claim.
I know Croatia has 3 main dialects and they are quite different sometimes.
Indeed but you asked 'did we ever had a problem' :D not if you currently have a problem
It means you and your family didn't have to suffer under a system that intentionally puts you in poverty and then claims that you are equal with everyone.
У(in), и(and), c(abbreviation of with, normally ca), a(abbreviation of but, normally али)
Unless you are in a small village, using a card shouldn't be a problem.
Rasta - Euforija, Kavali
9A4172 is a Serb who fought in the Bosnian War.
But its well connected to Zurich which is well connected to Belgrade so it worked out well for me
Definetly the US, since Albania can hardly invade us alone
Skandinavska braća, naravno
The infinitive is ‘predeti’
You sound like modern anarcho-communists who think everyone is the same.
Nonexistent, dont remember seeing any cycling infrastructure
Here they mostly live in slums and poverty and they prefer it that way
I doubt the journalist would gotten that room in he hadn't specifically asked for it
Hrvati ustaše, Srbi četnici, Bosanci glupi, Crnogorci lenji, Bugari izdajice, Albanci kozojebi, Slovenci bečki konjušari itd
It's sad because I actually really love our flag but don't want to be associated with those fucks
Nje is his original joke, while we sing major in the sea
Except that you have to travel abroad for summer vacation, which isn't a problem here.
For a smaller country like Serbia maybe but in countries with big population is a great way to differentiate people from one another having a unique set of names with a few less chances to repeat.
We also smell flowers from underneath
*Slovenian*
I meannnn
["Čoveče ne ljuti se" \(Don't be angry, man\)]
There is much more of similar things
Forget it, history as taught in Bulgaria is the absolute bottom.
From what I was told, it's the name of a type of knife/dagger.
It clearly matters to a lot of people, including those in Kosovo.
Noo
Everyone wants something that "belongs" to them, and you just can't give everything to everyone
So, what's your name for English people then
I am not saying we were any better, but there were many innocent deaths on both sides and war itself is an awful thing which brings nothing good to humanity
For entire former Yugoslavia (filmed in Serbia)
[Minced meat] there are some minor regional differences(mostly boiling down to type of meat and condiments used) but its quite easy to make on your own.
the bosnian one or the albanian one?
Does czech law allow special/non-czech characters in official documents for naturalized citizens
Well you should eat proper food for humans anyway.
If the glass breaks, it is said that she will birth a boy
Well, I've seen a Serbian film once.
The only Ethnic cleansing in Kosovo happend to Serbs, Serb numbers in Kosovo dropped drastically from 1999, with barely 5% of Serbs left, now they are regularly harassed, so yeah, ethnic cleansing happend to Serbs.
Isn't that only for minorities who are in Croatia?
Really
here you're called Rusini I think
Here in Serbia we actually call it 'luftirati', with the root German word Luft
We have universal healthcare prescription drugs that are usually affordable
When my family moved in this apartment we renovated it to modern standards but we literally had 0 problems witch if u ask me is pretty impressive considering this building is almost 70 years old
It's a comedic word that we use in Hungary to describe clothes such as the niqab or hijab,
Rofl, literally every Serbian comment is mass downvoted
This sub is so much better than r/europe
That said, in the 2004 riots government buildings burned down as well.
Would like to learn a bit of Serbian for fun.
Don't you dare take away that dank meme factory which is our president!
You're probably better off getting a grippen
Ich nicht spricht deutschland
Yeah there's this one artist called Jala Brat, and the other Buba Corelli
This is also true for some other Slavic countries like Serbia and Slovakia.
We were basically in charge of the while Balkans, Bulgaria was the only other Balkan country which had even close to our power
2014 floods were pretty bad, 16 municipalities were flooded or around 1/4th of the territory was affected, 57 people died and over €500mil in damage
Followed by Idea
So journalists don't do crime in rest of the Europe
German is for me i don't know what it is language just sounds badass
Imagine geting arrested for something you didn't do in a foreign country.
French general and supreme commander of the Allied armies on Thessaloniki front was overwhelmed with Serbian courage that he declared if he had had such men in other Allied armies – the war wouldn’t even have broken loose
I think every nation uses that for someone lol
i get an orgasm whenever i hear russian or french
If you're neutral you don't hold exercises with any side.
Yeah, ethic clensing was done
Pretty sure Hungary has more than 10: Hungarian, Gypsy (various dialects), German, Romanian, Slovak, Serbian, Croatian, Rusyn, Ukrainian, Armenian, Polish, Greek, Bulgarian and Slovenian are only the ones acknowledged by the government, that's already 14.
Presidential elections in Serbia are 2.5 months away, on 9th of April.
If you really have to take a taxi, try going for ones that obviously belong to big companies (usually ''Pink Taxi''), because there are a lot of unlicenced free-lancers who are the worst scammers
Sarajevo - Sara is an ox (the capital city of Bosnia)
Even without discussing why would Serbia give Albanians that status, you could say its convenient for every other nation that also didnt give that status to their minority group.
English because the translations suck
Stay strong
General Jovan Belimarkovic opposed the deportation and offered his resignation to the government over this issue and journalist Manojlo Đjorđjević also condemned these policies and argued that Serbia should have pursued a policy of peaceful reconciliation towards the Albanians
there are often village fights, where guys from one village drive to the next one to beat up the guys in that village over someone's old feud or because someone looked at somebody else's girlfriend at the local tavern or whatnot.
Of course, I've got plenty of female friends and dude friends and we all hang out with each other
In my entire life I have never heard of anyone else worldwide being named Rolencija, or Rolencia
They were active 15 years or so ago.
Next elections or the one after might be since right now many French people will vote for Macron to avoid Brexit and Trump, but when they see Macron is same shit as current president and that nothing will change then they will reconsider right wing
A religion where you have to give money for "things".
Wow samo su ostavili frend
No, we don't even have any bad neighbourhoods in our cities.
Austro-Ugarsko carstvo
that one is pretty bad
Belgrade and Novi Sad mostly, NS specifically because of Exit Music Festival
Russia had a huge role in escalating the conflict.
Drago mi je što mogu da učestvujem u ovoj diskusiji
If one would support separatism of Republika Srpska, not supporting separatism of Kosovo is highly hypocritical.
Pretty much everybody except Serbia.
It's becoming unbearable, you can expect to see more protests in Belgrade in near future hopefully
Lmao i guess
Basically they were all alone like North Korea is today.
Bulgarian
The pres has a mandate of 5 years and CANNOT be re elected again
2: Belgrade - Nis
If you're implying that I somehow have anything to do with Germany in any way (i.e.
Helps when you're in countries where you absolutely don't know the language
*Ulje na vodi: Ogledi iz istorije sadašnjosti Srbije* (PDF)
Macedonians love us, and Macedonia as a state has to keep Serbia on its side, because of Albanians and Greek-Serbian relations are very very good, nobody will get into shit with Serbia over the name dispute.
Sorry i ruined your hopes and dreams
Scott in serbian (but spelled with k and only one t, same proncinantion) means basterd/son of a bitch
If I was a betting man, I would say it's safe to assume you have no idea what you're talking about outside of whatever bubble you live in
>*As well in Cristendom as in* ***"Heathendom"***,
The two million Albanians of Kosovo want nothing to do with Serbia and it's neither realistic nor ethical to try to bring them back in.
[Dizelaši] \- in fact, their streetwise, urbane aesthetic became so prominent all throughout the 90s that to this very day a lot of men here, conciously or not, still prefer the short-to-bald buzzcut hairstyle and the sportsy-dressing look
EDIT: And for your edit, why would /r/europe hate him for it
That's a really good one, it has a shit ton of (pretty good) covers in other languages too, although, admittedly, none are as good as the original
Austria
Lots of love for Greece
Yes you can speak fine Serbian, but we will always know you're not from here
In a sentence:Very few familiar words,so its kinda hard
I for one do not support his actions that he had made during the 90s but for those who did support him and still do I will never understand
These cities were pioneers in trade throughout Europe and the Middle East, and their potential was in trade with volcanic glass – obsidian
Later Russia joined the game, so we had Austria-Hungarians, Turks and Russians all trying to assert dominance in the region, which greatly influenced strategic position of nationalities  in then poor areas of Balkan that were occupied by both Turks and Austria - Hungarians
Not really i'd love to visit every European country (yes even the microstates)
Definitely Swedish, it sounds almost like a song at times
My parents are Bosnian Serbs and they feel 100% Serbian
Surprise anschluss
Also raw cost is a very bad way to compare social services.
Interestingly, Baltic states trade more with Russia than Serbia does.
To say "I don't care
As a Serbian boi, me too
Add to that that we do know that Belarus is a Russian satellite state.
I would like to thank Russia for supporting us throughout the years and Romania for being the only country that we didn't fight against
I heard that in Greece and in Cyprus foamy finish is a must, otherwise you blew it, and I'm assuming this is how it's made in Turkey as well according to the cezve-tending ladies I saw at street festivals.
So quit pretending like WW2 is any sort of excuse
When my cousin went to a military HIGH SCHOOL in Serbia they checked on us livin in Slovenia.
Some of the people still remember the times when we were ahead
Well both us, and you used to have different names for the months, we just accepted the Christian nomenclature while Croats reverted to the Slavic one.
there's no prettier woman than her in a city of a million?
Rival Activists Embody Serbia’s Russia-West Split
Belgians trying to act like tough guys....pathetic.
Is Information Napalm reliable?
Bulgaria - Same as Hungary, just maybe a little bit closer culturally
) but tell that to those folks that live near the immigration camps (or gathering sites of illegal immigrants), places where terrorists attack occur and similar
Before that it was in the medieval times and while you may not think that East Rome is todays Greece the same people lived there
Also your living standard has climbed dramatically and surpassed ours sometimes ago
No, we don't have mixed shifts
We just ask that you have understanding about the worry regarding the monasteries
This is a good example but I don't think it will apply to Serbia.
Sure not high tech stuff, but more than enough.
I zig-zagged through Slavonia (Osijek-Valpovo-Slatina-Orahovica-Našice-Đakovo) several months ago, and it barely touches the cornerstones of Eastern-European aesthetics
Do I need to remind you, that the Balkan is the region in Europe with the largest number of wars after 1990?
Cedo and Canak are just as bad as the rest.
The Balkans part I can understand bc most of us migrate to the region's there like Vienna or Gratz but can some explain the hillbilly part lol
Why
tell me, how can I possibly know that you can not be from anywhere else but Serbia or Russia?
> What if you're a younger son who married an only daughter, do you take your father in law's slava since nobody's there to inherit his
The problem with these 'fake news' allegations is that from my perspective, based on what I have seen so far, most of the time right wing media outlets are being targeted because the ones who are supposed to objectively determine whether something is fake or not are very opinionated people who usually have radically left leaning views.
Here's the thing, I don't see why Serbia would need to recognize Kosovo
In September 1943, Serbs made up 95% of Partisans from Serbia, 77% from Croatia and 70% from Bosnia and the percentages were negligible in Macedonia & Slovenia.
I think this is universally a Slavic thing
Serbian forces from Montenegro were fighting Napoleon's forces in in the Bay of Kotor instead of advancing against the Turks and linking up with forces from Serbia proper
Well also burn oak branches (old pagan tradition)
Here I present to you Danish heroes, protectors of Innocent people!
So why not lump this one to us too
There are forests and a lot of greenery near my house so flies, mosquito, bees and wasps are really frequent.
If one lays with a girl that is more than fifteen but under seventeen, and is a virgin, shall be imprisoned for a maximum of three months or fined three hundred marks.
Did I deny genocide in Srebrenica
i.e eastern Ukraine, Turkey, Kosovo, etc..
You don't have arms,legs,voices and signs?
Lol, from 0 to Serbian Nationalist Putin lover.
I almost feel the worst for you guys.
Sveti Sava
Official Serbian language is made upon šumadijsko-vojvođanski and istočno-hercegovački
Regarding the last thing, about the detergents, wasn't there a woman from Czech Republic a couple of years ago that was fighting for a law to get companies to export the same, western europe quality of stuff to eastern europe, and I THINK she specifically mentioned Poland
And that is the main problem
This year, corona crisis, riots, fires
Here is about average mathematical knowledge of entire nation.
1 dinar - absolutely nothing, you get it more as change
If you are good enough to be able to think in English, it sometimes feels like  there is a sub-personality that speaks for you
The EU is making firm responses to the migrant crisis (that was partly initiated by him and his billionaire buddies).
World War 1 is, contrary to Western European states, also seen as just and glorious
That's just my experience, especially as a kid I remember how boring and bland it was
Lmao pretty fucking useless if citizens can't use it
If dinner at your friends place is at 8pm itvis not polite to be there before 8:30 9 even
Our books just cram everything in 4 years,not looking if its important or not
>Functional country, functional public institutions, functional local politicians, fighting corruption, educated fellow countryman
Serbia, Croatia, Montenegro and B&H are all very similar, same language, similar culture, rakija
Actually, Montenegrins were pretty fine with that
Sadly not
Blamage
That's the cherry on top
You don't see religion mentioned in political discussions or during the elections
Also it's cool how they don't recognize Kosovo
About 75% don't support Serbia's accession to the EU, about 20% do, and about 5% don't know.
It is time we start moving, collectively, in a positive direction
Racism hurts you too you know...
They can declare that Earth is flat and that Sun doesn't exist.
It's unreal how backwards Europe is about weed compared to Americans (both North and South)
I love how everyone picks their own countries
Do you have some guillotines for sale maybe?
So feeding the fear, to push Serbia, Macedonia, Montenegro into its arms, is the obvious modus operandi.
>Nobody would be russophob, if you just stop invading neighboring countries and using your natural resources as a political tool to subjugate other countries
>*To ride out, he loved chivalry,*
Yep, no problem, we know you can't fight, so we fought for you.
It would be the first thing in Serbia to "rally" something and sound cheerful in a long time.
Bosnia-Herzegovina, Serbia, Kosovo, Albania, Macedonia, Ukraine, Moldova, Belarus..
Bulgaria also attacked us in the middle of the night, without declaring war, starting the second Balkan war
It’s believed that the bride that is seen will get married, but will also die
Yeah the pasulj instead of grah thing is kind of a meme at this point everyone will know what you mean if you say either one
To Austrians the Serbian government was extremely anti-Austrian and the Austrians knew the Serbians knew of the Black Hand and still let them through the border.
Peace
Don't wear shoes in a house generally, especially not if visiting - even if a host insists you can keep them on
Seems like you accidentally also drew kosovo
I personally shower at least once per day, but I can't know for a majority of people
Disturbing lack of trees near the buildings
You'll have to post it at midnight which is when Americans start voting and the Serbian astroturfing brigade is sleeping.
A villa overlooking the Danube River and Fruska gora mountain with a swimming pool and huge garden
But you won't decide what to with the integrity of Bosnia when you're a minority.
Bosnia and Hercegovina has free primary and secondary school
Peščanik
Its stupid but that's the way some Europeans from a Christian background see Muslims.
I suppose, then, 90% of Greeks vote for the Golden Dawn and go to chruch every Sunday...yeah right.
The older kid that shows you porn on his phone on your street
Are you implying that Serbia had a 1% of geopolitical importance for the US like Germany did and does
When we say Balkans are a shithole we definitely don't include Serbia there, our best friend in the region.
We all really like that 'badass' culture, guns, weapons, etc
Those things go in pair with ethnicity and vice versa, it isn't like in the West where religion and nationality is clearly divided.
I've tried both, super bock is slightly better, but the best beer I had in Portugal was Coruja
I know the old Yugoslav ones and few second Serbian ones
The Balkan Wars had some massacres of Albanians as well, and Kosovan villages were razed and later colonized
Ah well thanks for that but he's Croatian and to strangers it sounds the same, but i agree Serbo-Croatian can sound badass as well
What very often is ignored in these articles is the reason why so many people from Serbia or Kosovo go home voluntarily.
Truer words haven’t been spoken since the ‘90s.
Albania was guilty for bombing of Serbia and Montenegro in 1999 (I'm Serbian, not Albanian)
You're gonna get a lot of hate for that comment from eurofanatics.
There's an impostor
But when the parliamentary elections come, "they're all the same...
• [Serbian Parliament] a nice traditional building, was featured in Half-Life 2
I'll be voting for our (now) former ombudsman.
Serbs/Macedonians can and do visit Albania freely without problems during summer vacations.
(And yeah, Croatians having a “Heel” and us having a “Shoe” as our worst choices - just speaks how similar we are, even when making trash music )
We're screwed
\> does nothing to integrate them because human rights lol
I’ve heard of people having anti aircraft guns hidden somewhere on their property, just in case
Nagoya (don't know why I remember this one)
In fairness, it's a really fascinating period of Irish history that probably shouldn't be understated, either.
Btw, nobody likes this guy here
I don't think the EU recognise hydropower as "renewable".
-"How is a common country with our Croatian brothers going
Not far from Belgrade center, at the outskirts of the city, one can find remnants of two of the most prominent cultures in Bronze Age – Vinča and Starčevo cultures
Was this justified, no of course not and he got arrested for it but Radić as I said also advocated for policies that would give Croatians large amounts of power despite them being a minority
This reminds me of an event that happened during the defense of Belgrade in WW1
Chill, all the dude does is bait.
From when it's a secret that Russia has soldiers on ground in Syria?
Tbh with BRIC nations as friends, i dont see how they need Serbia in anything
Serbia could probably join in 5-10 years if it concentrated on it like V4 or Baltics did.
We must be open to all kinds of documentation though
Odd, in contemporary Serbian *slovo* is *a letter*, and *reč* is *a word*.
Kosovo is under rule of Serbia.
The same goes for the Slovak minority in Serbia or the Croatian minority in Romania
Nailed it
Vučić?
Obviously this isn't just for hospitals, but it was an example
Problem je da SAD i ostale zapadne zemle se prave ko da vi nista niste radili
Skip to seage of Vienna, the holy league wins, so Serbs rebel, but Austrie doesn't give a sht, so the great migration of Serbs
I wont type it out so I don't offend anybody, but the way I hear it is usually us and some of our neighbours
It has to be in defense of similar threat against your life, but basically, you’re going to prison if you kill somebody in self defense if the attacker didn’t shoot at you
If you said Montenegro, sure, but Kosovo?
They is why I said it would be interesting.
You're being intellectually dishonest if you think that this is a single occasion thing.
Flair checks out
There are some expensive ones, but nobody will beg on streets for it
Drinking from the flask:
That feeling when you think that the hostilities will go away when the old people die and then you read that 18 to 29 year olds are the most belligerent in the poll and 15% of them would go to war to keep Kosovo in Serbia.
The highway was smooth and well maintained
nowadays, yes
You might try herbal
Austro-Ugarska
Bridal Wreath:
Spanish and German gave me headaches
Yeah, but we don't use ó, while they use š, ž and č
This is the first American I have ever seen who has enough common sense to realise this
it grows everywhere here and its got a reaaally nice taste
Never seen anyone do it, not a thing here
So if you joined the EU and it became a federation, you would be part of the same country as Serbia.
I will risk and try to go, if they let me in Slovenia i'm in.
It's almost like I'm psychic
Not really, and I didn't say Serbia lost territories when for example Croatia became independent.
Beautiful Republika Srpska, Mountain Romanija
Even though I knew about the custom, it really takes some getting used to
Lmao separating trash in Serbia
BTW, I'm very computer literate
The monkey poet name translated in English.
And we will never forget your captain refusing to go on a bombing mission towards Serbia and Montenegro (he got a medal for that recently) or Greeks generally causing havoc in NATO by sending relief to areas they knew would be targeted thus saving lives by diverting NATO planes from bombing
Before the start, though, both Berlin and Wien knew Italy had no sufficient food and relyed on British commerce to sustain the population, that it would have not taken their part in it.
So there is this one guy
0/10
The biggest market for electric cars is California
Putin
Do we get in EU
Well, Slovenia generally doesn't have problems with Serbia, we have Croatia to hate/love.
One word:
Googled but I'm not sure if I get it, like an air conditioning unit but used only for heating
Thank you, cind sir
Lmao true
Yeah but we kinda like that, cause we're kinda like that.
But siriusly, yes, it should be legalized
No way this is a word"
I went on Kosovo actually
They have Serbia and Montenegro as a single entity in their charts.
I thought all Russian metro stations had orthodox imagery
Bc all of us are beautiful, I swear I went to some of those countries and I couldn't find any ugly person
It's rhetorical either way since Serbia isn't capable of annexing anything.
It's so noisy and dirty
Haahahahaahaahahahhahahahaahahhahaha
Most people in Europe (especially the youth) are bilingual (English+ their native language)
All age groups are in favor of keeping bosnia together.
Now it would be even better if they could all get along, and if Serbia could stop trying to take over other countries.
Screw you, guys, were rowing home
Squatting (while drinking beer in front of a store for instance) is definitely a thing in Bosnia and Serbia, saw that plenty of times.
Hiroshima (nuke)
But in reality it sends one clear message to us Balkanites "you guys are all the same piece of shit to me"
On the other hand, having any kind of weapon is a cultural thing to never wait the invading army unarmed
Ironically, the stereotype about Irish is the same here in Serbia.
This is still better than nothing.
Ah you mean the forces armed by the Americans?
It's a double edged sword, being forced to adopt certain regulations can be a solution to problems that otherwise would remain unsolved.
What's pretty big tradition with us Serbs is "Slava" it's basically celebrating your family's patron saint this is inherited paternally mostly, this tradition started as ancient Slavic pagan tradition where Slavs celebrated their gods but when Serbs baptized in 9th century our old gods were replaced with christian saints and that is basically how an ancient Slavic pagan tradition that was probably a core tradition to pagan Serbs adapted to Christianity and still persists to this day
We have Vojvodina and Kosovo (depending on who you ask)
My mom and dad go to Bosnia each month to refuel our car because it's cheaper
Biden probably got confused about the geography and nobody wanted to tell him
During the fall of Milošević, there was a news broadcast instead of a Sunday morning cartoon block
You'll still be able to travel within the EU using your Irish ID no?
Montenegro, Serbia, Albania, Macedonia, Moldova.
No, because Europe can't just come out as one nation.
I'm not sure when did they stop publishing it.
In our country religion is still a big part of our lives
This map basically also says fuck Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia
Unlike the other suggestions, this one was positive and looked to the future.
We had Kosovo, and they had their way and are independent
I think even the Serbs agree that Milosevic wasn't a good guy.
Forming of an empire
The Kingdom of Yugoslavia is sort of niche, but fascists like the Bogomoljački Pokret set up by Nikolaj Velimirović and the fascist Zbor party led by Dimitrije Ljotić during this period
The NDH was a nazi puppet state with death camps, some of them exclusively for children.
To be fair, Americans also put them on their homes and local businesses, I'll never get used to that
Tito was a dictator too, but he made better decisions than EH by a long shot.
• Serbian uprising, independence, proclamation of the Kingdom
You can really notice that when you go to villages
We hate you because of "Gay fart Tony Blair"
For people that are [wondering] who Beli is.
Yes , i bet they think that every european nation is as developed or more than Norway
on a semi related note, here people often fail to differentiate "kod kuće" (at home) and "kući" ([going] to home)
Je ne suis pas sûr si c'est normal d'avoir de telles températures en Serbie à ce mois de février, parce que je ne peux pas soutenir de les températures de l'année dernière ; mais, j'ai l'impression que c'est la faute des changements climatiques.
10/10 - would be unknown on the world stage again
My mistake, somehow I was under the impression it is cannon he is Serbian
And of course, people are even more fundamentalist and fanatical in regards to religion.
So slavorum lied to me
I didn't mean how the modern country Montenegro separated from Serbia, but how the Montenegrin identity started to diverge from the Serb identity.
And why does it have to be 2/3, and not just 50%?
I had a Japanese student who worked in Germany and he was delighted to tell me kids had Praktikum and another one who visited Denmark and had a similar reaction to the country's organization
Welll uhhh
Besides, the current Serbian government understands the distinction between bullshit they tell to appease nationalists and realistic plans very well.
Germans also exterminated people.
*Possible* is the key word here, Seselj wants Serbia to abandon EU, he can be said to be a *possible* leader of the country, yet he will *realistically* never be a leader since he barely has 7% of voters.
In the meantime, you can enjoy [Haiti News Network]
I want state control over everything, some kind of regulation
And Romania
Serbia should be happy not having to sink billions of dollars into an underdeveloped area filled with people whose religion is diametrically opposed to that of Serbia.
Italy and Serbia pressured it into unifying with Serbia and eventually the National Council did it without parliamentary approval.
I ate it like that in Serbia and it was awesome.
If the question was "did it make Europe more prosperous" or idk, fast to move in some issues, or simple, or even if the question was about some Eurozone/refugee issues (but that's assuming refugees wouldn't move through Europe if there was no EU, which doesn't work the moment you notice they moved through Serbia&co and they care about Germany/Sweden, NOT the EU itself), I'd get it.
There would be videos of it everywhere, UN, EU, refugee organizations and human rights groups would eviscerate that country's government.
yes, this sounds a bit angry, but man we need some other perspective other than 'it's bad to pay taxes and build roads and have healthcare and basic decency'
It's like telling your kid not to touch that stupid box you've got stashed in the corner of your room...
Kosovo is dirt poor and sadly run by former terrorists (this isn't me being biased
One day I would like to do a whole trip just to exploring Croatia / Bosnia and Herzegovina / Serbia - That would be a cool trip :)
Because of the Virus
As for Chinese investments, Serbia is in need of them and China is the only one willing to give which always comes at a price
Which language do the Roma speak?
Nice pollution you got there
Kosovo is a de facto country on the same scale as Serbia.
And do Croats outside of Croatia (Posavina, Hercegovina, etc
You believe to much of the nonsense they tell you in Serbia.
The last time a big government collapse occured was when Slobodan Milošević was overthrown, after which a democratic coalition came to power
Very good, actually the best neighbors
No normal person would go out of one's way to comment on every single thread.
Serbian Village in Kosovo changed its name to – Putinovo
And since our standard of living drastically decreased during the wars in the '90s.
Belgrade was involved in 115 wars and razed to the ground 44 times, so nope.
“It is well known what Davor Šuker stands for,” he said, referring to himself in third person, as he often does
It is merak for you
Muslims asked Hodza (priest) to explain the difference between dictatorship and a democracy
Just because Aegan Turkey has more progressive views is simply not enough to justify a formation of a separate country.
You guys think you had it worst, but you didn't. I know you historically do not like Russia in general, but look at it objectively
As I've argued with a particular Estonian a couple of times now
I'm not saying we are the only non-English people who know English, I'm just retelling my experience
Serbs have an interesting victim complex, now you're acting poor and innocent but your president is running a campaign on nationalism and xenophobia towards Kosovo, you just sent a train with "Kosovo is Serbia" on it almost into Kosovo just to provocate
Photo of a Serbian firefighter after saving people from car accident in snow laden South Serbia.
I don't know if anime was a mistake or not, but holy shit...
Edit: well now that I think about that, maybe our agriculture will get fucked up, as all the people on the north are farmers, nad those on the south are stockmen
the same reason weed is popular in the USA - it's socially acceptable.
Well, the question was not what are your neighbors but what you call them, my Alpine Serb cousin
it's used for respect purposes.
The wage difference is huge, yet products are similar prices.
Literally tens of thousands of Italians served with Yugoslav Partisans, including fighting in some of the harshest battles like the Syrmian front in Western Serbia where they served alongside Soviets as well.
Kuća - Ćaku
the western countries are knowingly exporting crap to EE.
None should ever have to though, that's the issue.
"Serbia has no intention of joining anti-Russia sanctions" - -
We know where are the big ones (by area and popularity) like TX, NY, CA
I'm orthodox christian and I know that majority of people in Serbia don't fast when it's supposed to, or don't go to church as many times as they should
Is Serbia really lacking that much to be proud of that you have to start feeling proud of what white people everywhere have done?
Flair checks out
But we have the international economical sanctions side story.
What annoys me is the parliamentary elections here.
Zavist - envy
Here's some other cool Slavic names: Ratomir, Caslav, Vlastimir, Rastislav, Cedomir and many others
Eating something without it would feel like I haven't eaten at all
What do they make it out of then?
However the *-y* suffix in English comes from Old English e.g.
Neutrality is when 1 side doesn't favor any side between the opposing two.
Edit: Found it, I meant on this:
1000 statistic body research representing a country of 7.5 million people?
You might be my future friend
Jokes aside, I had no idea that Ford has European division
You missed imperative (used for expressing orders, commands, suggestions) and potential (used for wishes and possibilities)
Hungary has Orban with a lot of anti-lineralism and pro-Putin rhetoric.
All the vocals and accents are crazy
Zdravo, moje ime je Dzon
Is this also kosovan aggression, like you keep rambling on in every other Serbian related thread?
It is far fetched though, because they're not at all close and don't have any similarities that would make someone think so.
Serbia and China scrap visas, sign other contracts in Riga
Similar, but with much less liquid
yeah, this is the old question about who gets to be european
I think that [Stara sokolova] exports to the US, so you could check it out
Belgrade and Novi Sad are nice places in Serbia, so you shouldn't be sceptical.
They might hate him, but he is giving them justification and encouragement with its statements, so it doesn’t really matter if they like him or not
You go until there is no word that starts with that syllable, or is ending with f.e. Senka (shadow), then next player says Kaladont, and it's game over for last player
But I get what you mean now, it's like "nuts " (or rather jaja=eggs, here) being testicles, things like that.
TIL luxemburg has its own language
Dactyloscopy - mid 19th century, first used by Sir William James Herschel in India
Protests in Belarus
They didn't make any progress
He has hungarian name, his sister has German and his brother Slavic name
Albanian and Bosnian Muslims haven't done anything wrong in Europe, but the ongoing general negative sentiment towards Muslim doesn't make exceptions for them because they have religious affiliation with Middle Easterners, who they don't like.
Thanks for the insight
But there is also, fasting "on wather" you eat only what can be pepaird in wather (so just boiling food and no frying), And think some monks dont eat anything other then bread and wather
It would all either be occupied by Russia, Germany, or the US
In Serbia this extends to the first generation for sure.
The state finances students in every college, but the numbers vary.
Croatian guy is right,just dont mention war
The 19th/20th century Kingodm of Serbia flag
You made it waaaaay more simple than it actually is
Cause it is important in the context.
Second tier is quite weak, major teams are playing in some sort of Yugoslav league in order to have more stronger games so they can be concurent in Euro competitions.
Because the war was fought between Bosnian Muslims,Croats,and Serbs?
Dušan formed the empire and it was insanely huge in size, but he died at a young age and his son Uroš was too young and unprepared to rule such an empire, so like 15 higher class people divided the empire and all wanted to rule it and become the emperor, then the Ottomans came and took everything
Could we get someone who knows Russian to check at least Echo of Moscow's site for full story?
We had a trade war with them, and both countries in the early 10's were doing military exercises on the Drina border . With the collapse of the Ottomans, there was a huge power vacuum to fill in Balkans, and interests of Serbia and AH couldn't be any more different
There are also some good connections from Ljubljana to other cities by train: Budapest (35€), Prague (39€), Zurich (29€), Belgrade (25€), Munchen (29€).
Russia (Russian Empire and later on communists)
Chocolate
It's called Megatrend University, it's so good, not too expensive, professors are really into their jobs, few years ago they made 2 new branches, one for pilots, idk how that's going, but one for the DJs is really good, so yeah
Omurtag is raw big dick energy name
[7] TheEnglish term was derived (possibly via Frenchvampyre) from the German Vampir, in turn derived in the early 18th century from theSerbian vampir (Serbian Cyrillic: вампир)
If Serbia is out or not in competition then any exYu, if not, then any European country or anybody against USA
it's probably an asshole knowing americans tip and taking advantage of it.
I didn't. In 7th grade our new teacher told us we write essays only in cyrillic cursive
No BIH is a big mistake the land should have been split between Croatia and Serbia
Czech Republic, Croatia, Slovenia also have these colours in their flags btw.
No, it's a disgrace how it gained "independence".
The larvae develop in the mud for as long as three years before hatching
Cmon, this is basic stuff people, it’s not that hard to start a war
I didnt even know it until i read it on internet.
It was taken in 1914 and depicts Dragutin Matić, a Serbian scout, during the Battle of Drina
Judging from the name, is it a polluted slum
Belgrade
On the streest
Plus we're a country of generally nice weather
A lot of Serbs start referring to Vuk Branković when they talk about stuff like that
Palatschinken is of Romanian origin
Asking if there are Mountains in Austria is like looking for potatoes in Ireland
If a kid waves a Serbian flag in Serbia that would not be considered 'manipulative'.
Definetly to the 1970ies, the golden ages of Yugoslavia
Guess which theyll do
Well, not the Serbs fault, Albanians wont actually normalize relations, they signed the formation of Serbian Muncipalities 4 years ago, yet they throw a tantrum about a train/a wall.
Even if something is fake news it isn't supposed to be censored.
Miloš, Mihajlo, Aleksandar, Milan, Petar
but I am greek I am totally biased with Serbia.
Yeah, same here, and it fucking gets on my nerves, but I don't wanna be like a stick in the mud and make a big deal of someone speaking srbglish, so my unexpressed rage goes on to slowly devour me from the inside.
French, Greek, Italian and British army – although outnumbering Serbian army – didn’t manage to do it in months
We know what it's like
Hot 30 to 40
No one thinks it's healthy food, it's more about the status thing
You'd think once you wrap your head around who is who you'd be done, BUT you will eventually get married
5 are recommended by the Parlament, 5 the prez and 5 the supreme court of cassation (which I will go to in a sec)
It's rather a compliment usually when a Serbian or a Russian doesn't agree with me.
Most of them are quite ok (except 2nd and maybe 5th), first, fourth and those about singing I would implement in SRB as well.
It's something like marriage of nine people (4+4+1)
[Serbian Epic poetry] impressed Goethe so much that he spoke some Serbian in order to understand it better, Goethe compared beauty of SEP to the "Song of Solomon".
And I don't have too much experience with other European languages to really say if they sound appealing or unappealing to me.
names typically don't have ethnic or national affiliation, almost none of those names are "russian" or "estonian".
Fuck US
But is that really what we want, another war.
Don’t live in EU couny but im totally on EU side,this is disrespectful from usa
He will go down in history as a man during whose presidency the EU lost the UK, and in the worst case scenario, as a man during whose presidency the end begun.
Bring a Deagle and a strapon, if you come unprepared you have to use the [Serbomatic 1389]( I know it must seem fairly uncomfortable, but believe me, it feels much more cozy when you are at gunpoint and your face is full of some gangster's käsewurst.
Olsi Rama (brother of Albanian PM Edi Rama) got arrested immediately after the game, but was later let go by the police for lack of evidence.
Just what the fuck are you on about mate?
**I can manage to save around 200~300€/m** with just a little help from my parents (providing local food one or two times a month that can cover up to one week of food expences)
Wrong, a lot of these have been restored and continued after the fall of the USSR.
we eat it in serbia during christmas holidays
Interesting to see if Kosovo will even be around for another 9 years.
The people of the balkans are the best and most open people you will meet.
The war in Kosovo was basically already over.
I see from my country, more and more people tend to leave unmarried and not plan children in any near future.
Izdajice means traitors
10/10
Noo
He listed all the *measured*, not self-reported averages he could find.
You can also add Russia in the mix, which is the reason why Caucasus struggle (being inbetween Middle East and Russia)
until I visited Paris
Do you think anything might change for the better with your new president
As an MD at work when using medical systems I have to write in Latin, which is  there out of inertia and convenience in order to not switch constantly between Cyrillic and Latin when writing out diagnosis and other Latin (language) medical terms
I agree I do admire Greek history, Serbian history on the other hand is pretty boring and uninspiring
How can you transfer a vote from Le Pen to abstention?
I think that half a year ago someone posted here a link to a neonazi looking forum where forum members talked about "raising awarness" (read as spreading hate without facts) on many european "liberal" forums such as tihs one.
Soon
As I said, it's very hard to answer
Just learn a bit of the language, and most importantly respect: the people,the country, the history
Kinda makes sense
I once saw an Oklahoma plate, and like 3 days ago I saw a Trump 2020 plate, but I don't think it is legal to drive with that thing lol
Thieves stole their cauldron from rakija still
Yeah, but we don't use ó, while they use š, ž and č
I know that would never work
People overseas really liked it
Ah yes, the liberators of the working class brought a tank
I mean the Bulgaria empire in this map is barely bigger than modern Bulgaria itself.
Bulgaria attacking us without a declaration of war in WW1
When things like this starts happening, that's when tiranny starts to fall
PISA testing was not conducted in Serbia in 2015 due to incompetence of our government and ministry of education.
and unfortunately, probably some turbo-folk shit like this [trash] the '90s.
His retrial by the Serbian supreme court gave him a paltry 10 month prison sentence which was then abolished by Royal pardon.
Im used to help some family with airbnb hosting, here in serbia
Nah smoking relaxes you
Pretty much almost all Yugoslavia with some extra additions.
It seems like the Serbs in the US are far more nationalistic than the ones in Serbia.
We kinda walk a thin line, because Serbs generally like Russians, but we also have a great relationship with you, yet you can't stand the Russkies.
Also, I agree that Romanians and Bulgarians wouldn't fight us, it would probably be Albanians
Now it makes sense, thank you for correcting yourself and have a nice day
well, except the Black Sea lol
Also in the original article the picture is different than this one and you can see a PS4 controller in the back + a wifi router
I'm leaving in 2 weeks to Serbia, Croatia and Montenegro.
calling B92 a neutral source is a really big stretch.
What is his political platform?
Il me fait plaisir à voir que français est toujours très fort.
Hope you will fix that while painting
That would be the wisest thing to do if it was like any other piece of land, however, Kosovo has a big importance to Serbian heritage and history, so the smartest thing would be to give them semi-autonomy, they have their own police force and stuff like that, but are our territory and answer to the president, and if need be (for example they start abusing it) we can move in our police
So I am currently living in the Netherlands and I was supposed to go visit my friend in Belgrade in April and travel around Bosnia with her (she is Serbian).
People, in general, were optimistic and thought the lost decade of the 90s has passed.
This reminds me of an event that happened during the defense of Belgrade in WW1
The  outcome of the  XIV Congress of the League of communists of Yugoslavia
And my goodness, do I simply love old stereotypical High Germanic sounding names like Ulrika, Hildegard, Astrid, Sigismund, Valdemar, Wilhelmine, Brunhilde - spliced in with the occasional Latin ones like Ursula, Glorianna, Octavia, Beatrix and so on and so forth
Kosovo is Serbia
Odakle si
There is a direct night train from Munich to Belgrade.
The other part of the country can be called provincija if you want to be politically correct but there is often more vulgar term "vukojebina" meaning hellhole, literal translation "place where wolves fuck", mind the language
You never heard someone say "ko ne plati na mostu, platiće na ćupriji" or "Na Drini ćuprija"? Or the town called Ćuprija
But the thing that confuses me is that I saw some Greeks and Russians writing in Latin
Not as much as Messi in Barca tho
Sadly, we are Europe's most disfunctional family
You can easily tell what region one is from by the way they speak, and if you know the region well, you can probably pinpoint the town as well.
>  films are known for their non-traditional approach to film making, their dark humor and their critical examination of the Yugoslav society at the time
Both countries are "my" and i consider myself Yugoslavian.
Checking in
We're very social, I would say even a little bit too social sometimes
Croatia: Hrvatska
Here is a little description of Europe these days, as far as I know, personally : Avoid the south, specifically the balkans.
English all the way(with subtitles)
not like apple payed 0.005% tax in ireland for years...
Actual list
>4 genders
These are just some interesting examples:
Drago mi je
Croatian, Serbian, Bosnian and Montenegrin are all dialects of the same language, and yet it's utterly ludicrous to claim they're not distinct nations.
My eyes would pause at every 'x', making reading experience way worse.
V4 and Balkan states I think
" But then, I had to stop the thing, and I didn't know how so I just fell over humiliating myself
It could have been written by a Bosnian Serb, a Serbian Serb, a kajkavian Croat or by a Bosniak who didn't have good grades in Bosnian.
Definitely the Netherlands
It went to far
But the core of the issue is i dont remember Serbian army ever wearing a jacket with 4 ocila on their back?
Never seen anyone do it, not a thing here
It's like a google search away
Thank you for being on our side, even when the whole world was against us
But the flag remains controversial and only gets proudly presented from Neo-Nazi, Ultranationalist, etc
mišići - little mouses (muscles)
vienna, budapest, prague and venice are relatively close by bus.
The Remove Kebab meme is just a meme and many people don't even know that song or ever watched the video.
I don't have to elaborate anymore.
Here we have Russian kitchens
But
Osaka (cherry blossoms)
Putin is the opposite of anything slightly left.
In Serbia it is usually between 35 to 40 degrees in summer and in winter it is -10 to -20 sometimes with lots of snow.
Yeah, just Engleska
And why learn these languages if we can understand them?
Hungary - nah, we're cool
No, it's absolutely not reasonable.
JUST NO
I know some patriots and literature fans who use Cyrillic online and I know some people who use exclusively Latin but for the most part people use Cyrillic when writing and Latin when typing
I was in Thessaloniki few years ago speaking to some Ukrainian and American dude while on a school trip
-"Uhm we didn't really get along, I guess
Let's be honest Russia and Serbia would blow everyone else out of the water on that poll
Phonetic spelling is the whole point of our language
They killed a lot of civilians
We do not have any real disputes between us.
Nope, Latveria is what you are thinking of which, according to the comics is somewhere between Serbia, Romania and Hungary.
Before that it was RO+BG which was nearly 10 years back.
Serbian should always be "sneg/снег" since it uses both scripts
About 40% of people smoke here
I guess it shocks other normal foreigners :)
Paris isn't as bad as I expected
The same bunch of craptards are again in power, after so much energy invested by the people in getting them to leave.
Because in Verhofstadt's hypothetical system we and every country in the EU would lose their veto power, meaning we could very easily see ourselves in a situation where something is forced upon us against our interests.
But on a real note, those shops make it so attractive to spend your money there
Zvolen definitely, specially during the winter
German and Russian
In the Balkans we don’t really say “Sranje” we say “Pička jebeti matenje” or something along those lines
Hell it took me 5 years of investments just to fully renovate entire appartment
Tbh I wouldn't mind having a whole collection of their cutlery
6% mostly literate, 48
EU is a buerocratic, inneficient, and hypocritical nightmare
Germany: Nemačka
Also, this is hard
Different spelling and words make it difficult
Thank you Greece, Cyprus, Romania, Moldova, Bosnia, Belarus, Ukraine, Slovakia, Spain and Russia for not recognising Kosovo as an independent state and for your continued support in the issue
&nbsp;
There's nothing wrong with the way they used commas
Kosovo albanians
It's very recent news, why shouldn't it be posted?
Eat lunch
But like I would maybe say that some of the interesting facts about Belgrade is that in its long history (3rd century BC) there were 115 recorded battles over it and it was razed to the ground 44 times
I can assume it has some historical meaning ("so" means salt so for all I know, all salt in old Serbia was imported from one city) but I'm not 100% certain
Probably Croatia, i don't care what others think its simply true
We even have the diminutive, mild versions, "bokca ti tvoga" (Croatia), "bokče ti tvoje" (Serbia), which are often used towards misbehaving kids...
You might try herbal
wtf is that name i never heard it (best guese its russian like name varation of Romanov)
Me personallly I find the second point pretty stupid, but nevermind that wasn’t topic
better off being part of Serbia.
A successor state is like turkey, Syria, ect from the ottomans, Serbia or Croatia from yugo and so on
Sounds a lot like Vojvodina
Asides from the literature, music and TV, I also use social media almost exclusively in English and I talk to foreigners more than I talk to people from my own country, so I guess that helped a lot
You cannot sound like a native
You forgot the flag from the Government of National Salvation (also known as Nedić's Serbia)
Falcons of Europe - The Serbian Grey Falcon
Some of my best friends are from Croatia and Serbia.
The flags and music on the flyers are as folllows:
I mean, Montenegrins wanted to be unified, same as the Serbs, they just wanted Nikola to rule, which, objectively doesn't make sense sense he's a King of a nation of 200k while Serbia at the  time had around 5m.
Belgrade is not trying to move away from it, Belgrade is embracing it
Pm me if you want some further information!
Serbia however, are genetically more similar to Bulgarians
I think it depends on how you look at it.
Cities in 4K youtube channel has pretty cool [video] about my town and there is [decent] one on english
Greece was the only country from the Balkan Peninsula I've seen represented here so far (although Slovenia isn't far from it, geographically).
usa bombared montenegro and serbia for money
• Serbians were the most populous ethnic group by a huge difference
My family loves having her over for as long as possible
In Serbia hajduci are very well known, I always thought it was our thing, but I guess everyone did it
Do we have to pledge allegiance and subjugate ourselves for HER?
Buying of the Bride:
Yeah, Mondelez International
I gotta visit Moscow some day when I start earning money
Balkans, but then everyone disagrees if that's East or South europe
Meaning one letter always has exactly one corresponding sound (which is also one of the unique features)
Which town
Liked:
Serbian war criminals were jailed and persecuted, yet you allow animals like Thaci,Haradinaj,Haradinaj to have political claim over Kosovo lol.
I work in the old city center, so it's really expensive to park there, and impossible/unsafe to bike there (no bike lanes, no bike parking stands), so I'll either walk for 45 minutes or ride the bus for 10-30 minutes, depending on how the traffic is
I'm Czech so the latter two are somewhat undestandable.
Most likely Niš or Novi Sad, while I personally prefer Niš, I think Novi Sad would fit better as a capital as it's a little bigger
The white fluffy kind of dog is the most popular here.
Yeah, Rio would be mad with all those favelas and narco cartels
It was struck down by the EU and the US.
Our government is so incompetent they can't even do corruption right
If so, there wouldn't be Germany/Greece issues you are referring to.
No no, that's the internationally recognized anthem of Serbia.
Well, be it food truck or street vendor or festival, there is usually some kind of designated place where you can sit or stand while eating
I don't know much about the matter but I just like the Serbs!
Oh thank you, I didn’t know
>The film makers were linked by a common wish to increase the freedom of artistic expression, and to reform the cinematic language
The youth is great at English, though
The age-old trope of stereotypical Russian / Ambigously Slavic bad guys and villains in Hollywood action films
As I said, countries aren't homogeneous.
Of course, there might be some words I wouldn't understand due to a regional/country dialect
Croatia for the Yugo wars and the Ustashe, no idea how we could solve this, although I know the first step would be Croatia recognising operation storm as a genocide as it was
Red white and blue are great example of "unity" between us all, that's not as obvious
I don't really understand the comments here.
Please do enlighten me of the democratic peaceful one on Kosovo's Serbians.
To my Serbian ears your sentence sounded like "hey man, do you have a chewing gum". Now I'm interested what it really means lol
Even devout muslims in Europe drink a lot
Most people don't want to have to deal with the command line.
Check out Hrulj's post history...
Every country has such differences.
I was born and raised in Kosovo, and had to leave everything that we had there ( except what could fit in  a  VW golf 2 ) and leave
That is of course if it's alone but this is very unlikely or an invasion of any kind at all
Well not quite by the meaning
Now Vučić has another ally in Europe beside Orban
If you travel somewhere you might be able to locate a local shop that sells such things, especially if you travel to Europe or some cities in the US with large Balkan population (Chicago, NY, LA/San Francisco, Houston)
Verbs aren’t easy i still go to nouvel observateur to look up the conjugation of some irregular verbs
