I think he's more in it for the Mars base
And we appear to be in the vanguard
TV or computer Screen - zaslon
Later in primary school they can also choose to learn more languages, most commonly german, and in about half of high schools picking another language apart from english is mandatory
Then I’d move to serbia and be rich
For slovenia is german
Not exactly Croatian, but seeing as it and Serbian are so similar ^(\*cough\* almost identical \*cough\*) and the huge diaspora between all the ex-yugo countries (about 10M people in total) it's no wonder you found someone who could understand you
Edit 2: and the percentage of books sold, while at first it appears to indicate education levels, probably has more to do with wealth
It's doesn't belong to Italy, in fact it never has (just like Dubrovnik), so do you call it by its Italian name instead of its proper, German name?
While in other countries (Canada and US that I know of) you get pretty much no treatment at all and many are left with a permanent droopy face.
Less developed part of Slovenia reporting in
Cyanobacteria blossomed, something to do with phosphorus in water
Does she have a dog
Well, now you seem to be saying the British empire wasn't quite as nasty as any other...
Most of the city center is now closed for motor traffic so cycling is often the best method of getting to/from the center
Tepih - Teppich - rug
Out of his butt
FREUDE
Now is time for proper tax reform!
Abolish electoral college and then it will be much better
After an agreement with a noble the dragon promised not to flood the villages, but only if he was given six virgins to devour every year
Did you hear me say smart people can't be popular or what?
Just Hungary
"Do you have a tail
In Slovenian "bled" means "pale", Not sure if the name of the town comes from it though.
Yes and how many of you know the isses Germany is causing because of this stubborn no nuclear approach
They would have made Ljubljana a seperate region, like other countries do with their capitals, if that played any part
Hofer has some nice bio stuff and Slovene products though
It's historic, them being the catholic border to orthodox christianity to the south and east.
I believe it is telling that our teacher knew next to nothing about the military aspect or at least not much more than your average person
Niš translates to nuffin', so...
Powerwolf is amazing, and I just started listening to Rammstein and I can't stop listening to them
Well maybe you should ask Ljubljana about their complex
The voting base is also quite similar in demographics
If it's irrelevant then why are you getting all worked up over it
They can't adopt kids, which is shitty, but our laws are definitely better than "32%".
Am I the only weirdo here who would want lights on
There is no way in hell slovenians would do this
So this is the AFC Wimbledoon beef backstory, this horrific town
But more like EU is too divided to do anything together.
It looks a bit sad, like they haven't managed to create a social circle there and their only source of joy now is putting people down over their choices in life
A lot of pundits have said the same thing
Was he instructed to say the phrase "weapon of mass destruction" a certain number of times?
I refuse to believe it actually tastes better to anyone, though.
Otherwise I could easily mistake them for almost any other European nationality
- četrta ženska sklanjatev (dežurna, -e)
Well, yes :) If you want to differentiate, then:
Ah, I see you are a man of culture as well :)
Attila
We have lots of them where I live.
i often find this incredibly ironic, americans fear the goverment more then the people who had to live under most opressive ones.
No, they are only obliged to provide services in the member states they operate in.
No where neer the mithical 1€ ticket mentioned above.
There are 30 judges at the Supreme Court and they are divided between the Civil Chamber, the Criminal Chamber, the Commercial Chamber, the Labour and Social Chamber, and the Administrative Chamber
Other words I can find for it are kedrjola, tolige/talige/telige/tulige, talička, tačke, kolica, kolečka, somovoznica, samotežnica, karla, denper, trogarca, grodek, [kankole] The proper word for it is "samokolnica".
And everything else u/Slusny_Cizinec said.
As others have said, Dušan stems from duša (spirit) and I think anglicized version of that name is Spirou.
Kurent has no connection to them since he was the old Slovene god of fun and partying.
US is far away, those are not usualy vacationers but sight seing touriata there on a profesianaly organized tour
Our goverment threw hands in the air last year as covid situation started, let the "opposition" to take reins (our current goverment) and is now complaining about "draconic/fashist covid measures
They all wanted to control everything they could
If you scroll a bit further down this chain, you'll see I've mentioned several others
I went to school in 2011 and we were taught cursive, I actually prefer it to normal letters
What region are you from
I'm pretty sure that's already planned
It wasn't a very memorable trip
153 km (3h42) = 9
We have it in singular, plural and dual
There's currently around 50000 Slovenes living in other EU countries.
3000 od 2 milijona pa še vedno ni 'many' ampak je drobiž.
In my case that would be 75km away.
go to zara, h&m or similar stores and all their shirts have some random word and number combination that dont mean anything
That's what a male life expectancy of 64 years does to demographics.
France
I have no idea what that is
could say so
Not to mention it talks about a free-thinking Slovene, who's politically aware, which I think fits well for a national anthem
Uh, we are somewhere at the top of the list for out of wedlock children, nearly 60% in 2014, and a vast majority of women here work full time once kids turn a year old.
Road markings in member states are made in accordance with EU directives.
Oh I know, I just added to your point
I've only started reading this one, but is it really worse than the one about decapitated Turkish heads on coats of arms?
Which is quite a bit more than children til age 9.
If you agree they can leave it at a neighbour or a business close to where you live
This is what I remember from high school history, looks like we were taught wrong
"Molim" in Slovene means to pray, in Croatian it means please
CT - 130-300 €
slovenians love making jokes about bosnians too.
Football in Slovenia used to be way way way more popular among immigrant descent population.
In Slovenia we watch home alone (guess all slavic brothers do as well lol)
Half of them in Germany and a lot of them are old.
Not Muslim, but Slavoj Žižek explained the rise of conservative religious groups with the disappearance of many left-wing parties.
None are common
Luckily even other party leaders from his coalition congratulated Biden and accepted the results
You know that Turks are not actually ethnically Turkic, right?
Still, this whole situation with the journalist seems too suspicious
I never buy pre-prepared frozen food, except cmoki and štruklji but that's one item I always have in my freezer for lazy days
~~Safety~~ Emergency corridors on highways
It's the grocery store of social interaction
These native cultures should definitely survive.
Or r/canada, for that matter...
Just as a bit of cultural/historical knowledge - the term "Windisch" was used by the Nazis during WW2 to mean Slovenian the same way the N-word was used by plantation owners to mean black
The concert was conceived as a charity event to provide funds for food and fuel for the poorest during winter.
We can't sing but we do it [anyways]
16 New Year Code dress : shine bright like a diamond
where is cheese spread
000€, and only 3 of 400
It's pretty decent in Ljubljana
Go to Slovenia, we have free uni.
I have never ever heard of this or anything similar :/
But we need to solve climate problem NOW
Czechoslovenia sounds very similar to Czechoslovakia, illuminati confirmed.
Usually people that speak slovenian as their first get the accent when speaking english but this people I've met they don't. I'm not sure where they are from
People say that the EU is fucking them but trust me, when the project dies and war breaks out again in Europe, people will remember the EU
Caramel and chocolate are the other two popular varieties.
For example, acknowledging the colonial context in which so called “Enlightenment” philosophers wrote within
At the time, that smartphones were getting big
Having a dedicated "workbook" next to a normal textbook and a plain book for many subjects
I'm pretty sure this tradition is spread over half of Europe.
"Gimnazija" in Slovenian in case that helps you
Thank you for the answer - very, very interesting.
Everyone and their mom speaks english here
s/z - with
>Es war einmal eine alte Frau, die lebte bei den Hottentotten
Again not all discrimination is racism but all racism is discrimintaion
Macedonians are merely brainwashed Bulgarians.
Balkan shouldn't be called Balkan by that logic then either.
:) Also eerily similar to [haggis, neeps and tatties]
I like to imagine a snail giving thanks to "something" (me) for teleporting them across the road
1 Chair, 2 Chairs, 3 Chairs - except the 2 chairs have a separate form
Italian for me
Yours is one of the countries that has in the last few decades target for gypsies but ours is a country that they have lived in permanently now for a long time - and they don't go to other countries to steal because they have enough "work" here.
Not to mention the piece of shit who kicked and killed an owl
[Slovenia is a democratic republic]
Dicks shrink for the same reason we turn pale.
So, I came here to cover these things, and now I end up learning some things I hadn't even heard about
Same
In White Carniola, the Serbs fleeing from the Turks were settled and they served as guards on the frontier.
Trump in a nutshell [x-post from /r/Polandball]
If you didn't read my reply to the other guy, I already admitted to being wrong.
Similar here in Slovenia
Czech is funny for all Slavs :P That was Slovenian though
Ofc there is a war against christianity in the middle east, just look how many got slaughtered in iraq.
Please tell me how our students in highschool learn about independance war
At the moment everyone just somewhat believes that everything is going to be fine, because people are somewhat prevented from accessing high voltage parts
No war, no strife shall hold its sway,
"Molim" in Slovene means to pray, in Croatian it means please
I remember it
Slovenian used to be regarded as a shitty regional language good only for kitchen talk, and it was slowly moving towards extinction until the first half of 19th century.
Everyone would say just "wtf are you even saying, it doesn't make any sense" Slovenia is part of Balkans on the other hand...
T-55 has max speed of 51km/h. Unless she was going snail mode there's no way it was following her let alone aim at her
Italian diaspora will save and enlighten us with their ancient pasta-making
1% of our population collaborated.
Our prime minister said man made global warming is not a thing, that global warming is actually connected to the activity on the sun
Haven't heard this one about Slovenes from foreigners yet, but some of us do think of Slovenes as serfs (a writer Ivan Cankar wrote about it in a satire "Hlapci")
I think the average temperature is something like 20°c in Ljubljana, comparable to Warsaw (i think the average is 18°c, not completely sure about that)
Croatia also, by constitution, mustn't extradite their own citizens, and it also can't simply revoke citizenship.
I personally find it funny
[Prekmurska gibanica] (Prekmurian layer cake or over-Mura moving cake) is traditional for Prekmurje region and [potica] (nut roll) for whole Slovenia.
3 democratic states, 2 undemocratic states.
Austrian empire matters because we were culturally effected by them.
To avoid of repeating what others said I'll give u some stuff we do different than most other european countries but have in mind that countries bordering slovenia have also similar things going on.
What does Moloch mean in this context
yup that got me triggered, good job
Would citizenship work the same
The EU literally follows one rule
Because it happened 20 years ago
And surely the whole population doesn't have a speach impediment.
And the main "speciality" of our group is, that next year we'll celebrate 70 years since our establishment, so we think of ourselves as above every other group in our area, and in general
hiroshima,
Again we arguing different things.
I like Yugoslavia
Some things should be kept within its normal time frame - regardles of how much somebody pays
Another problem with language is Germanic and Romance influence
In my elementary school there was 25 to 30 kids per class
think you need to look up some essays on the founding fathers then.
Identification of the victims started only in independent slovenia
And also if you sign up for the international highschool graduation you probably want to leave the country for college
Another time I saw a stag chilling under a pine tree.
Yes, it's do to with privacy concerns.
They have a whole system of political and cultural organization that is soley theirs (the self-governed italian communities that are joined in a general slovene coastal community)
Turks would suddenly claim as independent countries.
The pronounciation of latin as taught today and the writing is very different than actual Latin in Roman times.
Tesla is a rich peoples car, not all that usefull.
I am not really living in an old city, but my house was built around 1650 (at least the 'new' part, the old part was there at least 200 years prior) and the municipality we belong to, is basically just one ancient house after another (houses were mostly built in 15th to 18th century)
I have never heard people reciting Bible verses or mentioning God in everyday life like they do in the US.
And I'm pretty sure those were all unplanned side-effects, that the organisers of the camp weren't planning for
China is still an authoritarian state, should we really become best buddies with such a state while we at the same time criticise Turkey, Russia and other such countries who have a questionable track record.
That's why the name of the village can be interpreted to mean "Terrible Lunch". But in reality it stems from "heavy thaw", as it's in that part of the valley, where snow thaws the fastest
Which is a shame because I've improved massively at expressing myself in English by communicating with foreigners and I'd like to achieve the same in Slovene but I just don't know of any forums that are active enough for that to be possible.
You're people barging on without them having any say on the matter.
I shudder to think about what Melania could come up with.
> the first was more unnatural
In Slovenia, the Ljubljana dialect sounds so ridiculously anglicized to everyone else, that the stereotypical parody phrase in it is:
[Roman road] and other Roman remains would be next
There're wealthy people in ugly apartment blocs, city centers, in the countryside, wherever they prefer.
Yikes
This is but of a few countries.
Hmm
I'm not familiar with this, would you explain
I don't remember the title of the book.
Can't see a 5th (it'd take quite a long time, EU will probably be gone by then).
Oh absolutely
Not really
Complimenting is pretty broad and it's the same as in any language, but funnily enough, you would very rarely say "I love you" aka *Ljubim te* in Slovene
This is just a nutrition label comparison though, not an actual test of the food.
>you’ll be left with footprints of damage across your lawn
God the food really does get worse the further north you go
Anyway, I'll stop spamming you here, but if you feel like you want some more help planning the trip, feel free to DM me when the time comes :)
I believe it acutally means godfather/godmother, but nowadays we use *boter/botra* for this meaning.
If any of that happens, the courts should deal with it.
Flaša - Flasche - bottle
How come all plagues miss Poland?
What is the zeitgeist there
Not particularly, but there some weirdly specific things in there that don't really make sense and are probably there just to fuck people over.
At least that's how they served me the only one I ever ate
I love turkish
Se bom zapeljal pogledat zadevo po lockdownu
Same actually, I used to detest it
wok = walk (phonetically)
Navy Seal copypasta, I would guess?
If you know there's a congestion on the highway you use an exit before the traffic stops and use regional roads
Damit die Hottentottenstottertrottelmutterbeutelratte nicht weglief,
The government is also under scrutiny regarding how they handled the corona crisis and how they have limited the rights of NGOs when it comes to environmental protection
"Shit's fucked yo" -the dude on the left, probably
I called a few of my friends and told them to turn on the news.
For me it is use of: Costumer instead of Customer, college instead of colleague, paid instead of payed,
I told my mum I'm not going outside just for a fucking hose and she said that if I'm not going, she is
Cajger - Zeiger - clock hand
It depends though
I had a coworker who moved from Ljubljana to Jesenice
Managed to stamp out 90% of it, but I still have a bit of that distinctive slavic accent and I don't like it
If something's true, why deny it?
It's goin to open this fall, if everything goes right
Those graphs would look much different without Kosovo.
Basically this:
Beekes (1995:22), for example, states expressly that "[t]he Baltic and Slavic languages were originally one language and so form one group".[8] Gray and Atkinson's (2003) application of language-tree divergence analysis supports a genetic relationship between the Baltic and Slavic languages, dating the split of the family to about 1400 BCE.
I remember being a kid and hated when my mom made polenta but now it's apparently a delicacy
At least the Polish and Yugoslavs faught for a while before the army fell apart and theyr inferior weaponry was conpletly destroyed.
If not possible that precise, then any week between 1850 and 1914, as I think late 19th/ early 20th century (before 1914) was a nice period in history
Janša definitely
We use clocks and watches with either 12 or 24 hours but everyone says "Meet you at five" instead of "Meet you at 17" or anything like that; you can only hear that on television.
Often times the surface quality can radically change after a few meters.
So having flights from one end of the island to the other might be cheaper than building roads or railway between them.
Me veseli da sva se spoznala
Even though language can be considered a part of the culture, it is one of the very few things that Central European slavic speaking countries share with Eastern Europe
Indeed
They're not really good immigrants here.
o -> about
If you keep a country on the brink of disintegration you can steal to no end.
From kids/youth movies Ko zorijo jagode, Poletje v školjki and Sreča na vrvici.
I guess Eesti can finally into Nordic.
However I would really like to visit Amazonian forest.
Never has there been a more glorious period for the people who despise the behaviour of those from country's capital city.
people are aware we share a language group and we, south slavs shared a country in the 20th century.
I will skin you and cover you in salt
The East swears by pumpkin seed oil and potatoes
And best in Europe at JPEG artifacts.
But socker is not the correct term.
Did it taste good
You just need tons hand cream, body cream and something for your hair not to be static.
I always say hello to people passing by in mountains, but that's rare for me, because I don't go to mountains that much
It is quite magnificent
They are yet to make an impact in international football.
At least he brought flowers
Because thats how you trigger turks and armenians
It's a great country
yeah and it is extremely good, if you ever come in Slovenia you should try it out :)
Fuck dude it's like 35°c every day
Then he said that's not his future wife, knocked again and I guess that's when she opened the door.
There is no Slovenian embassy in Burkina Faso, but there is a French one.
Where the UK has to follow every EU rule without any say in it
Dont be to hard on him Musilini loteralery showed up armed and with thugs to the mandate giving
good luck convincing russia that
Cappuccino would be nice
Sarajevo '84 or Das ist Walter?
Our reverse is "fukati" - though that might be with Czech, I'm not sure
A internal affair between countries in the EU will become an affair between Spain, Ireland (and EU by proxy) and the UK after brexit
This ash is typically dumped in the environment, contributing much more radiation above the natural background than any spent fuel from a nuclear power plant
Putin visited Slovenia last year and there is talk of a potential meeting of Putin and Trump here as well.
Are we associated with some of the characteristics dwarves have or does the pope and Vatican citizens like Lord of the rings/Hobbit so much?
Tabornik
What else are they suposed to do?
look down to meet the gaze of the grinning goatman standing below them.
The ruling is the goal, not ruling well
Every time I drive by those creepy dolls or even just signs, I want to run them over.
You chose this provider for the price, they changed it, and it is extremely expensive to go somewhere else before the contract is up
You're welcome
Very traditional also in Slovenia.
And you're just blabbing in the wrong direction.
All the time, actually
EH party I presume is very leftist?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Tito disappeared in 1937, Yugoslavia was led by a Russian agent – FBI documents
In Slovenia also
They last longer
In highschool we needed to opt in to have lockers but everyone decided to get one (it cost a couple of € per year)
once again, people are giving them values , those values are not intrinsic to the object/item
As long as you get a fair treatment if you come in on the public healthcare plan, and as long as they pay fair rents, I have no problem with doctors having public & private practices at the same institution
Albanians, bosniaks, croatians and serbians
It works
Even 'small' instances of corruption are talked about at a round table.
Lotrič has probably the most iconic voice among all Slovenes
The first thing that our forreign affaires minister(?) did was invite the Hungarian one to visit
[*Mavželj*] or [*Mežerli*] from Upper Carniola and Carinthia
Have you any idea of the milions of bacteria we are depriving of life giving oil by pumping and refining it!!!!
Cooperation and conflicts among world religions
If I took a shower, let alone bathe, more than once a day in winter, I'd be as flaky as a flaky pastry
Economical rightists were pretty much all for status quo - which usually meant strong state which serves their interests and uses force to suppress left/labour movement.
Šiška is the only one I have heard things about.
It's not just cultural importance, I think he without a doubt had an unparalleled command of the Slovene language, apart from of course Prešeren.
Yes, he will automatically become King, the very second the Queen dies.
Well
Absolutely
I didn't correct them because by that time I'd grown tired of the inaccuracies and just facepalmed internally
I want to see him in Ljublana ;-)
The leader of yugoslavia in ww2 who was born in our country
Wow, I think it's me who hit too close to home.
What people are forgetting is, that terrorism in Europe isn't something new.
Is there a social stigma among females against using websites like this?
My ex said, before he knew our culture, that we sound disappointed
Emigration or just more deaths than births?
We buy it in gas cylinders and a gas company delivers it right to the door.
It woke me up and I was just waiting if I'll have to hide somewhere
Currently I only have some coins.
Come, Let’s Check in on Melania Trump’s Native Slovenia
Well, no
Of course, this calculation comes with a few caveats, such as that without the massive emigration, the birth rates would be higher and death rates lower, meaning a higher overall population, as young people would constitute a larger proportion of the total population
The whole square (Republic square) was declared a cultural monument of exceptional national importance because it's where they declared independence.
They're a joke, a bunch of too fat or too thin bored old men but there's nothing jokey about their mental state and what they're doing
(page 24 [here]
The "burial grounds" signs that you find near some forest roads in certain areas of the country, and they signify the burial grounds of mass killings
Where I come from, schnapps (we call it šnops) is any sort of home-made liquor that's made from just about anything you can make a drink from (fruit like plums, lemons and juniper berries, and even walnuts or pot leaves).
even if I understand like half of it, it is hilarious.
Kranj (38 000) - recently surpassing Celje, Kranj is the industrial city that every country has
I respect any tourist who respects the country he's in and the people around him.
Garlic bread
In Slovenian it sounds fine (Češka), but Czechia in English sounds atrocious
It's a very popular breakfast thing.
Torej poskušaš prikriti dejstvo da je bilo na prireditvi tisoče obiskovalcev?
Yes treaty of kadesh is also taught here, but why was it signed, who did it, ehat were the consequences
Oria I
We only have one lol
It caused the bullet to turn into a pinball inside human body, bouncing from bone to bone and tearing organs
Hrvatski want to steal our sacred clay...
The vast majority of everything written is written in "standard" Slovene which is also taught and analysed in school
I 100% absolutely don't get it
It's about 30 °C here, which is fairly normal for this time of year
Apart from those who had to take a short detour.
Empty horizon :/.
I meant dumping people, who aren't wanted locally anymore into Brussels
>Supposedly their concentration camps were much worse than any Nazi German one
Still really sad it came to this
When Bush the younger was elected Americans kept saying how he was a fluke
Someone please correct me on this, Slovenian is not my native language
I feel honored at your belief in my ability to remember details of an event in a mixed group of exchange students :D
How could one be so foolish to compare the indiscriminate masacres of italian speakers down in carsic wells , the forced exiles, the imprisonment in "resorts" like Goli Otock , the forced slavification wich included "mild" acts like the closure of italian schools to persecution if daring of speaking italian out of home.
It's a state of mind
Information just 1 google search away
I'd say a more accurate comparison would be a Bosnian with a stick up their ass
Everyone I know boils water with some sugar and adds coffee after the water boils.
I'm glad Poland is FINALLY getting some positive press
Well overall growth is around 1.9% in EU and 1.7% in Eurozone, so I wouldn't say stagnation but not quite optimal.
It's like saying Britain looks for cultural identity in India and Pakistan because imigrants from over there brought their culture with them.
The last big one started on the 29th of December and lasted until the 1st of January.
I just don't like the stereotype that comes from it, and then the rest of Slovenia gets the same stereotype attached to them
I agree about that
Austrians - Jodlarji - Yodelers
Also Trbovlje, Hrastnik, Velenje and Nova Gorica
16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24=Christmas.
A few people dance, most sit around and talk
It would probably show in 2016.
Learned a costly lesson in Bratislava
I remember in 2003 when me and my mates all intently watched their performance on Eurosong because we all made bets whether they'll make out or not.
Getting to a native pronounciation and accent
That is not being treated as an enemy
but than we have more and more self tought actors from yt who have real talent but they copy a lot of things from abroad.
Yesterday morning I saw 4 when I went to work
There was no war since WW1 were this worked.
[Best national anthem of Europe]
Dam Hungary, what are you up too?
Also because they are masked and braver they sometimes try to i guess flirt with women but in an agressive way
Hofer is better
I do possess the small precision pair as well, but they are much rarer
Someone has to bring you food and other stuff, no?
verbrachte sie ihr Leben in einem Käfig, der mit Latten vergittert war
Central Slovenia with Ljubljana definitely not, if people talk shit about eachother's regions the heat is usually between Upper Carniola (Kranj) and Central Slovenia (Ljubljana) or between Central Slo
Music
They could be persuaded much easier because they don't have to understand the language, so they wouldn't have all the sources available about who they're voting for
It's brilliant
Malta: Fuck
I don't think any Slovene city has an official English translation, although Ljubljana almost deserves one
I must say the new french flag is much more original than the old one
Spain is, imo, the best tourist destination in Europe
Goričko is pretty hilly (kind of)
At first I though he's peeling Scottish flag off like a sticker and I was wondering why it's so badly drawn
Frankenstein between Beer and Pivo
I travelled a few times from Ljubljana to Prague (about 14h), from Prague to Krakow (about 8h I believe) and even from Prague to Gdansk (14h) and every time it was cheap and comfortable
Pulling a prayer rug in the middle of a street would be a no-no.
It was a complete failure of project management and then of course the whole thing smelled of corruption so much, that the police and prosecutors took a special case of the case
Za hlapce rojeni, za hlapce vzgojeni, ustvarjeni za hlapčevanje!
Only change in past 20 years was that one of states decided to split their EV according to popular vote in their state
Our student housing is subsidized, if you stay in a student dorm you pay around 70€ or even less
If you will not leave EU at any poit you should just look at some of any EU coutries holyday pacets.
Hope you enjoyed your last trip for some time
In Slovenija it's very common
We loved planting [drawing pins] on each others chairs in school, extra points if you planted it while everybody stood up when the teacher entered the classroom
neuter
Cookie Crisp isn't that bad either.
University and high school sports being a thing
I mean sure GDP, purchases parity, GINI coefficient are all way higher than they were then, but back then we actually had our own economy, now it's  just empty husk of a thing, after we sold all of the most important parts of it
My friend once had an erasmus student from the Czech republic in his dorm
o.O
That common heritage of France, Italy, Germany and Austria.
[There are quite a lot of them]
I admit I can't judge the actual width of that road from the photo
Ours comes from 'plahta' - bed sheet and/or from an old derogative word for a woman which I'm not familiar with.
Gay and transgender are everywhere around there.
Yeah just watched home alone 2 as well
K is most prevalent what with liver disease and early childhood problems.
I got the joke, but who/what is Székely
turkish goverment deliberetly lets Kurdish areas to decay.
And Islam is few centuries younger and it's a completely different religion anyway, so...
Any time she called home she couldn't bring herself to say the name of the city she lived in XD
Hehe, in all seriousness I prefer saying "ja", it sounds better than "da", don't know why
A short visit to a GP costs 7,26 €, a first curative visit 17,42 €.
Trump was never in politics before.
Di sole e d'azzurro is my fave.
Slovenia like rest of Europe uses Ground floor
If they do, they will cause the whole world to sell wine under that name.
It's not an air mattress; it seems my memory got a bit hazy.
Pretty sad since we are one of the few languages that actually have dual
Well obviously only an islamophobe would be bothered by something like that.
I recharge a 40l gasoline tank in under 5min.
In Ljubljana, we have about half a bottle of snow
Like I wrote in my post to this thread, in my country it was the "liberators" that were yhe bad guys
They dont tour, they det shitfaced in Tenerife.
I watched [this thing] and some British guy mentions it's weird that Slovenes say 'hello' and 'bye' when entering and leaving a doctors waiting room.
Oh, I wouldn't mind honestly, provided that it doesn't erupt in civil war.
Interesting, Slovene name for Venice is Benetke
Choose set flair where you choose the country
For my country its kinda different.
You mean [His Serene Highness Prince Schwarzenberg and Duke of Krumlov]
Sorry Croatia
(enaindvajset, dvaindvajset, triindvajset
try r/eu they don't have a hard on for censorship.
) controversial and disputed, but I'll put down two:
we've have an almost identical situation.
lidl and hofer may be cheap/budget but we dont consider them low quality
do we really learn croatian and/or serbian outside of school?
Your say pressidelntial elections with the electoral coledge nd stuf is stupid.
There was a guy asking in r/slovenia about this
It likely saved a couple million lives that would've been lost if you hadn't. But you didn't join and especially stay after to save lives
That'd probably be Switzerland.
In Slovenia, it is considered on the lower end in terms of quality
Some are quite nice, I would prefer most of them instead of today popular 3 letters names
* formal 'Vi' (same as informal for more or equal to three people)
Brings Muslim migrants in, insists on austerity measures...
We already have some sort of a partnership.
Bek - weg - away
And I must say i agree with you 100%.
[well our turbo folk isn't influenced by oriental either]
Not necessarily negative
Not for electing Trump, but in general yes
Here ID is a bit cheaper and before Brexit we could even go to UK without passport
hrvat je tat
Pasta is on the menu everywhere and we have tons of pizzerias.
> Extremely prominent macho culture (except maybe in Slovenia)
the edginess you can sense from his comments are quite remarkable.
Meh, just a dent
Yeah, the americans didn't castrate their slaves.
I spend a lot of time working in Jamtland and it seems there are houses available everywhere.
I haven't been there for years but it used to be very spooky
* Peanut Butter - it's sold but not very popular.
Prekmurci - people from the region of Prekmurje, often stereotypized as uncivilized and uneducated
Oh you Irish with your smartass passport cards!!
It's the coldest winter in a while and temperature only goes above 0 for about 2 hours a day but there just hasn't been any snowfall
Amongst people on similar positions in a single company, it generally isn't discussed, since nobody wants any tensions in case salaries are different
Bosnians are really nice people.
(Probably not in the regions next to Italy tho)
I was thought that North and South America are separate continents
My mom, a firm believer in this theory, told that Tito used to speak slovenian and croatian, but when he came back from Soviet Union, he could not say a word in slovenian
I'd say a more accurate comparison would be a Bosnian with a stick up their ass
We have word for that: *sit* "Sit/a sem!"
Probably higher than usual broken bones and injuries due to falling branches
Idared, Jonagold, Granny smith, Braeburn, Cripps pink (Pink lady) and Fuji are almost always available and others rotate around
They were Somali and Afghanistani from what I could tell.
I think here he's seen quite positively
Quick question
Could just be a cultural thing, I'm not sure how this data was collected
Well, you may want to read up on the [etymology] of that name
I donate to local bands doing free online concerts
I don't Russia is too bothered by you guys opposing gravy covered fries
In my experiance frenchman are idiots.
He has the right idea about immigration and we would need someone like that in my country (honestly, I'll be giving the National Party a chance in the next elections, considering their leader is back).
I'm not saying the connection isn't likely, but it should be compared with book sales per capita per region
Much love :D
Frexit
list - leaf
That's one of the biggest rules of travelling
So why not call it by its proper name?
so you'd never reffer to them as 'my son's/daughter's godmother/godfather'.
I mean Austria put up checks on the Slovenian border and I personally that's a betrayal of the values of the EU
these two invented half of mathematics.
Orimattila F
You can actually tell from the accent in English from where in Slovenia someone is
Raulio F
It might seem stupid, if you take just one piece of news in consideration, but if many come repeatedly, it's obviuously a pattern
I'll also throw in Anton Ingolič, just because his Secret society PGC about a group of kids that form a secret society that starts stealing thumbtacks is still fresh in my memory after some 25 years now.
Then you have Mandarin which is probably the most amazing language out there, with simplified/traditional chinese having years of culture and huge number of dialects within Mainland China and it's Independent regions
I wonder how many lived in Europe
Quails are rare, you can only get them if you know someone who grows them or in some specialised shops
Or sirov burek
Who will rebuild what they destroyed?
So you're saying the Slovenian minority had all those problems with quite literal Nazi-successors
The inhabitants of Trieste were also originally the Friulians and the Slovenes, not the later Venetians who tried to assimilate both
Ask 100 people, chances are you'll get 100 different answers.
Cooking and raising the kids
We agree that the US did the stuff
It's true though - many people are nostalgic about Yugoslavie, but they do know it had it's (many) faults
A vast majority of this kind of songs talk about beauties of landscape, wine related stuff and home.
In 2014 it was 11,11% and in 2015 - 9,8%.
I'm actually surprised that we don't yet have gas stations in every shopping centre so that they could work
Our class was in Florence (we are from Slovenia bdw) and we were in the gallery, when some american tourist bumped into my classmate, jumped away shocked and with this really obnoxious american accent said: "God bless America
> Slovenia much smaller
They are used for exactly that.
Slovenian spoken by minorities in Austria, Italy and Hungary is sometimes difficult to understand (especially the latter).
I think we have it 100 times better now
If you want to make a political division then "Central" makes sense, because it separates EU members like Poland and Hungary from non-EU members like Ukraine and Belarus.
I think we're waay more balkan than turkey and greece though
He has way less than 20% supporters but they are die hard voters
~~Jurij~~ Jur, used for a thousand
My ex boss was turkish and it was interesting how many words we picked up from you guys
Germany/HRE
Egypt, particularly the city of Alexandria was also a common choice for young women who went there ti work as house maids
*thorface* Is he though
And it cuts across generations
Which doesn't really affect the point.
Italian cuisine is not healthy in the sense that a nutritionist would prescribe it as the optimal diet
When I say Slovenia, they mostly just say 'oh, Sweden'.
And how would you determine if an immigrant really abandoned their culture?
I don't think many people 'hate' it but rather see it as something that shouldn't have happened.
And what exactly is the difference
These are thansactions which are far better served by a debit card based service.
You have some problems man, I mean if you genuinely believe people deserve to die just because they praise their military and sing propagandist songs, then you have some issues.
Dieses Hottentottenstottertrottelmutterbeutelrattenlattengitter
Not that many
And that's the point I was trying to make.
Through business and life I met also many Slovenian people, went out with them in Slovenia.
I think they weren't put in their place like they should have been after WW2.
If you're talking about the narrow grey ones, they're still here but the only ones using them are the 1st years
Even [Soča] reaches those temperatures in summer and it's considered super cold.
The ramped spread of liberalism
Think of articles like simplified cases.
I'm not usually one to to make mistakes like thet.
I think we get on well enough with all our neighbors at the moment, but if I would have to pick one it would be Italy and that would be done purely because of historic reasons not anything about more recent history.
Example otrok means child in Slovene and if I remember right in some slavic languages it means slave
Ljubljana (290 000) - the capital city of Slovenia and basically the central hub
5/7, würds mir noch mal anschaun xD
But I don't "hate" it, actually I kind of like it.
Looks very nice
I mean if it were a tobaco industries lobyist jet noone would blimk an eye, while it would still be on the same moral level.
2 out of 8 fuckers in my country voted for, we'll make sure they're out of the job ASAP
Keep up the good work, prjatu
Probably because in each slavic language there are different surnames
Also note that you will have to prove your knowledge of English if English is not your native language.
Diatonic button accordion or like we say [frajtonar'ca]
That would be much more effective than Mountain Serbs.
I'm not sure where it comes from but internet says it's a version of Tihomir which is weird because Tihomir is a rare name here.
They were not that bad
Or did they just walk around as they pleased?
Oh, thanks
Mediterraneans just speak quicker and louder than Northerners.
Yes
as far as I know civilization VI is able to declare war with your character to your nation
Does that also work for PhD students perchance
It is a constituant country of the United kingsom.
[I saw her that night] by Drago Jančar
Many countries are doing this now.
Some black man, black as night, seling trinkets yels "Pet za jedan, pet za jedna" (5 for 1 in serbian) WTF france?
The vote turn out was also low.
University of Ljubljana is the best, biggest and oldest, but Maribor is not far behind
Not that I don't like 1€ and 2€ coins, but if I buy something 3€ worth and don't have enough coins or any note smaller than 20€ with me (because they seem rare to me), I get 17€ back in coins?
Putting ornaments on a tree is not really a lot of work.
House of Representatives was to be elected by the people or by lower houses of state congresses, Senate was to be elected by the representatives (either both houses or state senates) and president by electorates nominated by way that the state decided to do it, mostly nominated by both houses.
None are common
3 stoli
What does this have to do with Apple
> In Germany, when we look back at WWII we tend to be very focussed on the holocaust but sometimes we tend to forget the crimes that were committed in the occupied countries to the non-jewish population
France
For example from my house to Nova Gorica you take 3 minutes less if you go on the Italian side
You mean assholes in a good way yeah, like sleeping on your laptop and chewing your mouse cord and waking you up at four thirty am etc.
That's easy
I was talking about the upocming presidential election in 🇷🇸.
Slovene and Croat language is almost identical just like German & Austrian German and Bosnian & Serbian & Croatian, right
it's an upbeat pop song
Also Lykke Li and Robyn come to mind
Ahh, Turkey, the true pillar of democracy
I realy dont get you americans.
Yes
Well, yes and no
We have lots of local strikes when workers of a conpany dont get payed.
I'm from here, yes :)
Again, as with other extracurricular activities, it's not a school thing here.
Janša save us
Same in many other places
I can say I've been to Celovec (Klagenfurt) more often than to Ljubljana; I go to Celovec more than once a year but haven't been to our capital every year.
Or perhaps she just wasnt threatened by a tank that likely didnt even bother pointing a gun at her
It doesn't mean I don't enjoy a country I visit, it just means that I know what to expect before I go.
I don't like it if they stay too long
*Od nekdaj lepe so Ljubljanke slovele*
He seems like a cool guy
To me it is insane to pay for the annoying, polluting and time wasting airplanes when we have such better options available
My nephews, nieces, and cousins under the age of 20 are waaay more clueless than my mom when handling a computer, and she isn't exactly brilliant at it either
You weren't here to experience it.
I support this 100%
since I don't want my house bombed
Nowadays children mostly grow up with Cartoon Network (I channel I always deemd as stupid) and they speak better english than italian
Large city: 200k
81% for Slovenia
I wonder what happened to them next.
I'll take that over the crazy that is 2342390457 tenses most non-Slavic languages have
The working theory was that he was a Russian inplant and not the real Josip Broz.
trot - male bee
You mean like how European politicians have manipulated Obama for the past 8 years?
Oh no, tte election is just qualety entertaiment.
wiener schnitzel + fried potatoes with onions
> democratically the other British/NI countries are not ruled by England
But that would not make him a Slovene - that takes more than just a piece of paper and some knowledge of the country.
I did that to scare of birds, i can prove it with pics.
"I thank you" and "We thank you" but without the first pronoun as it's reflected in the form of the verb
When the general population has extremely low teen pregnancy rates and there is a minority culture in which teen pregnancy is considered perfectly normal and expected, it is reasonable to assume that that minority may be the reason for high teen pregnancy rates.
Like "hey mister you dropped this"
Nurses came to my school for sex ed in 6th and 8th grade
Aye, everything south of Kolpa river is a mess
I really really want to eat it now holy fuck
To my understanding, the maximum punishment for a single crime in Slovenia is 30 years.
I actually know where Falkirk is, having passed through it on the train once or twice :) I just couldn't match *Focurc* with any of the places I know in Scotland.
I think that's a thing in most (colder) countries, no
Slovenia is like a miniature version of a lot of countries put together
This is where gypsies and homeless people live here so I really don't know how this deserves critisizm.
I have the same "problem" when discousing on Askmen
These places are mosty used as weekend getaways here.
I work in engineering and Slovene words for some things aren't really used
English, but the northern dialects like Geordie or Scouse
Also it has come to my attention that Mandarin speakers who also speak English have an easier time learning Germanic languages
Dunno, I've been  there during high season, and it still seemed pretty empty compared to other touristy spots in the area
I flew wizair to Bruxels its aroud 30€.
I went for čevapi last week and saw zeljanica on the menu
"Le Islam is responsible for everything bad, not excluding earthquakes, taxes, floods and high ice cream prices."
Školjka - sea shell
But, I'm not from the area, so I really don't know.
Obama wants damage US-Russia relations before Trump comes to power
I would understand if Hitler himself was on that plane, but people wishing death to a military band, journalists and one of them was [Elizaveta Glinka] Some of the people here left a bad taste in my mouth on Christmas.
Where Slovenia, Austria and Italy meet
He knows words, he has the best words, ask anybody.
I have heard of camp Menina but I had no idea it was there.
Have you never had an Albanian ice cream or burek?
Some of my grandma's cousins were killed by the 3rd Reich
There are far more people (around 600) on a waiting list to adopt, than there are kids to adopt.
Oh right nobody cares thx bye
I love Trieste, it's such a beautiful city, I wish Italy paid more attention to it.
I'm from Slovenia (actually near the border) and Zagreb is a 100 km drive from here
It took us three weeks and 65 injured people to get rid of one corrupt mayor.
I don't think Bosniaks hate Sarajevo
Then comes the band, usually 2 or 3 people that plays oberkrainer/pop folk music and one of the guys tries to be funny
And then being ordered to charge into almost certain death
I just think refusing to grant a referendum to the relevant region shows that the government is afraid of the result, which probably means that the ref-proponents are on to something
No need for any new Union they are already in European Union
Actually Graz or Gradec as it’s known in Slovene means “small castle”.
In other parts it may be Hungarian, Italian or English
Those don't don't have any actual meaning and they're all wrong, to be honest.
Because of username
I don't know if we even have these sort of celebrities.
Well IMHO anything will get skewed left because of the European attitude toward social matters.
George built not far from the dragon’s hideaway and a town was soon built around the church
Us too
Nope, we definitely didn't have a local one.
If you look Germany, Italy or Spain, they all have at least two large urban areas of comparable size
Elton has an organ
At my last work, a woman who was getting a minimum wage said she will not try to seek a job anymore because life with a minimum wage is not any better than living on benefits.
Seems legit Italy
After Yugoslavia's dissolution, borders cut through towns
Ma nic posebnega mal kolesarijo brez kakršnegakoli učinka pa čedalje manj jih je
That happened
Also, this map is about cities that were *founded* by the Romans
One is luna, which is female, and mesec, which is male
I could read 20 books about WW2 and then 20 books about WW1, both describing life of soldiers, and both having terrible things
I assume only well educated/cultured ones have ever heard of us.
Ah the basque
I saw some videos from yesterday's parade, and that stuff is straight from the nightmares
It was horrible, but the alternative to that would be much much worse
It varies from year to year
Not a single one of these warmongering manchildren has ever seen war.
You’d get a lot of wierd looks from people if you said thanks
Oh yeah hehe
Just felt another aftershock, wtf
[Related]
Anyone who likes castles can spend probably years there and not see them all
In my opinion, Italian cuisine is overdone outside Italy and nearby influenced regions
I dislike the curent federative direction EU had taken.
I was talking about free water out of the tap
THATS your stereotype for eu architecture???
Also "rovtar" - inhabitant of hilly remote regions.
Sweet, rich, with a bit of everything
- prva ženska sklanjatev (lipa, -e)
Thanks for the insight
Pretty much
My personal second pick would be Serbia for high firearms-per-capita and historically conservative Christian views.
Everyone's a pacifist when they're drunk.
I did orienteering at Taborniki (non-religious Scouts)
Average number of languages spoken by 🇪🇺 population
Both of them are proper sentences, aren't they?
[Here's one] of a castle and a the town bellow.
It was a layered process between the nations that lived in the slovenian lands
I still can't belive they found so many expressions in Slovenian that involve hair/mustache
It's all about what people want or don't want, and those wants and don't-wants often have nothing to do with similarities
Support independent Palestine does not equal support for Hamas.
People started caring about Palestine didnt they?
Hat mich echt zum lachen gebracht
Celsius just makes way more sense throughout.
The chinese have to.male special glasses for the english....
I see so many hispanics, blacks in the usa military you would cry your kurdish tears if you saw this.
Ljubljanščina is the most 'corrupted' for lack of a better word.
I dont think NATO can outcontrol CSTO in the artic.
My fave is that one where thery do this weird hand genstures.
What is (was) a grammar school in Scotland?
Next they will want cash from only FSC fibres.
Parola I
I don't really know, I don't have kids and if one happened I'd take responsibility.
On a scientific level Slovene is divided into app
You are correct, i misred the original comment.
Wasn't slaugtering sheeps as offering a Christian practice?
It seemed more natural because "water" is "aqua" in Italian and the spelling is "akvadukt" in Slovenia
Walking in the streets of Zagreb, talking in Slovenian with friends, albeit quite fast
There's no tariffs because the UK is a part of the EU.
It's not on to me to say where exactly it would work or where it wouldn't work.
Marty Mystere, Dylan Dog, Prince Valiant ...
love the artstyle
Croatians (HRvaška) - HRčki - Hamsters
The only ones I know that were made in Slovenia were [Bojan] [The winter story] [The messanger] [The arrow] and some puppet shows.
But based on this it is boobs.]
"Croatian Hachiko". From Croatia (City of Vodnjan) comes a story about a dog's love for a deceased friend
A sad example of this is Croatia.
Heritage is culture
Yugoslavia was a traditional friend of Egypt, do relations carry over?
Naj ti dam vedeti, da sem diplomiral kot najboljši v svojem razredu v specialni enoti Morje Zrak Zemlja in sem sodeloval v številnih skrivnih operacijah na Al-Kajdo ter da imam preko 300 potrjenih ubojev.
On the national scale, some dialects are so far apart that some call them different languages entirely
They are quite a bit harder though and certainly not for everyone
Nevertheless, it was even before that caolition was formed, in 1902 - therefore under Khuen - that first serious Croat-Serb clash happened.
There are some big industries still in the smaller towns, such as Velenje, Novo Mesto, Kranj etc
What an amazing sub
The river isn't really mention worthy for that couple of kilometers it has, but the fall is pretty neat
The current flag of Slovenia derives its colors from the coat of arms of Carniola or even more precisely the last official implementation of it, revised by Ferdinand I of Austria with a decree on November 17th 1836.
If Portugese were indians, Iberian peninsula would still be called Iberian peninsula.
This sub has been stuck in a hurrr durrr Eastern Europe bad, throw everyone out rut for far too long, by people that have never been close to the border, let alone actually visited the country
In Slovenia that honor would go to Ivan Lotrič.
I'm asking who will undo the damage done?
I think it depends on the school
- Maribor is without a doubt the sports “capital of Slovenia”
I have doubts that this is actually Fin land
It seems like there is only room for black and white in Amwrica
I see what Vitaly is doing in parliament
I know objectivity is almost impossible in threads like this but some people really need to think before they post
How ofted do Europeans see a hanking Bosnian flag
Only one that I can think of that's still used (disregarding ethnically partially or formerly Slovene cities) is Vienna - Dunaj in Slovene
But it applies to all areas (wages, services,...)
Special mention goes to Tomaž Humar, dead as well unfortunately.
That trety doesnt have to do much with the border today, and as thet wiki reads Neum wasnt even part of a Bosnian entety for a large portion of time, since there was no Bosnian entety.
He is one of the most interesting people
So depending on your level of masochism it can be super interesting or super-suicide-inducing
Rarely, we have too much ble with WW2 wich yust wont end.
" (not devil but friend will be neighbour)
How did the frog become a symbol to ward off gypsies?
Like Breaking Bad
AfD would not leave EU, even they are not that dumb.
Why does everyone seem to have sarma looking things, even Hungary, except for us?
- Phillip II of Spain = Filip II
4 stoli, 5 stolov
the sheer number of people who will believe anything, ive seen so many real life conspiracy theorists or people who base their beliefs on colloquial evidence its infuriating.
I've never heard Basque and Maltese
Zahvaljujem se ti
One of the theories i heard is that it was done by a right wing Slovenians to try to bring hate between the people.
Its lucky that they removed pictures and all before renovation and that 3/4 of the building is made out of stone
Get me a whole grain bread, or maybe some dumplings or [baked potatoes] as a side dish and I'm a happy man
You cant different 3 differe man on 3 different days into one person.
Also keeping "grammar school" for Grammar Nazi jokes
In USA you can actually go bankrupt for cheating and lying.
Winnetou is my dad's favourite.
But they'd probably be too lazy to act on it anyway.
A lot of houses use wood as their primary source of heating, it's more common in rural areas
Present
If Latvians were Chinese, Baltic would still be called baltic.
In Slovenia there was a company named Jogi that was making mattresses
In the US, for example sounthern accent is an *accent* not a dialect.
CIA even studied his speach paters and use of i sounds to prove so, unknow to them what sounded like russian to them was actualy a dialect from his home vilage.
Not as much stoked as confused.
These are some realy stupid hackera or this is a pece of propaganda for atupid people.
Personally, culturally we are very close to Austrians, so I do feel at home, when im there, and Austria is SO beautiful
A universety educated ofice worker in 🇸🇮 cant expect much more than 1200.
[Potica] most commonly [walnut] although [tarragon] or [poppy seed] fillings are also quite popular.
Čefur -  typically an immigrant from ex-Yugoslavia (most often Serbia & Bosnia) who likes to wear tracksuit, loves to drive with open window and blasts very loud turbo folk music
Janez Janša (current PM) twitter battles with journalists
Yep, now you bible having, gun owning , truck driving and happy meal eating yank can fuck off.
Yea I'm not doing hostels anymore either
Love this show, used to watch it when I was 10, was on TV every weekend in the morning
And those cities would be more like countries in a country.
You know it happened, you know who fought and where, but you don't give slightest bit of crap about it.
That has never stopped anyone
It does not have an English name (it's name literally means Over-Mura, because the Mura river lies between Prekmurje and the rest of Slovenia).
It's on this building:
Picking up women in English (my technically 3rd language) is light-years easier than in any other language I speak at any level and that's the effect it has on my personality
That I did not know, but in my defense: I was comparing the price of € vs the price in $, in reference to the upper comment/s.
It presses all of my pet peeves.
Everything is in Ljubljana, why can’t Maribor have something as well
We have one big dumpster for general mixed waste, smaller ones for paper, recycling (plastic and tin) and glass and two bins for organic waste.
Lenivec
It was done by the local population (coopting a soviet army) in the 90s.
Baltics what the heck what kind of christmas party did u make in 4Q...it seems u spread the infection on poland as well
I know Serbo-Croatian is what he meant.
Well done
You're not dumb, you just don't understand what it means to have freadom of speech
From this money only a pretty small amount is actually spent on healthcare (idk the exact % but if I am not mistaken it is below 50%) so what is left is pocketed by the private insurance companies
I was banned for "scientific racism", whatever that may be, because I quoted a research.
We could just arm the kurds, they have shown to be a formidible fighting force.
First thing my mother asked me this morning is if I can get her some seeds when I go to the shop next time
I got sets of LEGO as gifts all the time when I was a kid and I've still got a huge box of mixed pieces
And despite beating Croatia yesterday that will be hard
To answer your question, un alpine countries are pretty obsessed with skiing
I hope you are aware we're in this mess to a great extent because of you.
We get 0 cool bands/concerts
Is she just trying to brag that she married a swede
Črnci
Now that we're in the modern era with synthetic dyes, purple is actually a viable choice
Still, I put some blame on the birocracy of the EU itself
You were expected to know at the very least on which continent a country was.
Shuttle wouldn't be of any use anyway.
If things do go to shit however, I'll most likely move to Austria, or failing that, Croatia
...except the opportunity to demonstrate to them
Do you have any similar 'rites of passage'?
If anyone has any questions, issues or would like to know the tallest in any country, just let me know.
No damages here, but it woke me up all right
Anyone who likes castles can spend probably years there and not see them all
Holy Roman Empire intensifies
Interesting
I'd hit myself for daydreaming and believing someone would actually do that.
If you are really interested in finding out more about your nations history, I would recommend you look into genetic studies about Bulgarians.
Ratko Mladić trial: Final arguments in Bosnia war crimes case -
Depending on the food type toxins can get even deeper.
I bought a bottle for myself, my grandma and my parents just in the right time
Have they forgotten what happened early to mid 20th century
Those are all fair points
What is the battlefield like
Disgrace to Pizza
We did, in primary school already (not a lot though, just basic info)
The Last Alliance of Elves and Men versus the armies of Mordor
We get over 30 days with temperatures higher than 30°C.
Croatia is a member of NATO any you get military aid from the US
An adult man in a 5 star hotel told my cousin, who was 14 at that time, to stay with him behind the counter at night infront of my parents.
Everybody here writes about silly food names or tiny linguistic details, but Slovenians still have too much WW2 baggage
That's like saying the IRA was composed of the English and ETA of Spaniards.
Pederi
The Alps are nice and all, but man, did you choose an ugly part of Ljubljana for this picture.
Because I know she doesn't have a passport or driving license for example, since they're issued in her name
Well depends on the point of look for us he was a hero for you he probably wasn't
Well well well, don't I feel vindicated
Mixed info
At least we don't steal clay from all of our neighbors.
[Ours]  are cuter
You normally greet someone you don't know with it
The pro Russia sway has been happening for a while now.
**2 stola**
No, leave me alone, if I need help I'll ask!
The sjw would kill themselves if they had him as president.
I'm learning a lot for my own country (Slovenia)
follow our example -.- we only have 2 wind turbines in the whole country because birds are more important.
If you wish to update your database with every single monument from Slovenia, you should contact ZZB-NOB: they will surely know of every comemarative plate in the country.
Looking back at how I was raised I would say that the best thing to do with children is to speak to them in the dialect spoken at home, then teach them to read in the literary language and then teach them the basics of a secondary language before primary school.
So for example how many of france population consist of immigrants?
It has this meaning here as well.
I can't even believe I'm able to admit it
I think Dolomites and Julian Alps.
the second picture was my first thought too :)
It's not exclusive to Slovenia, but a mountain hut keeper?
The only game I can even think of is a ZX spectrum game from 1984 Kontrabant.
Rarely I see a military truck on the road.
Despite knowing that structures can be reconstructed and rebuilt, this is still loosing a precious piece of history
I thought you asked whether he tested them not how.
He has 2 monts left, he should shut up.
I've never heard anyone coloquially say just žganje, except if they meant hard liquor in general
I know a guy whose car and frontyard got destroyed by a bunch of drunk krampus guys
- The head office of the Slovenian Postal service is also in Maribor
-nik
So I guess it's all connected
This exactly
That percentage is within the 36%(turnout) or so who actually did go and vote the rest just don't care too much.
Heh we have ton of words like that, "hruška" is pear in English, "hrast" is oak and so on...
I haven't read the books, even though we have them at home, but I did watch the series with my dad when I was little.
Makes at least something in German easy to learn.
Lmao, we have May 1st and 2nd as a May day holiday
I never feel too far from home there
Is there a version with subtitles?
Be ready to be enlightened about how the protestors were actually evil fascists and how the communists actually protected the worker rights by attacking the workers
TBH you can get an Italian pizza and cappuccino almost everywhere in the Western world.
In fact, I come from such a family and I own several.
There's a really reeeally salty guy on here who reports every post which has "Americanized" grammar.
It's unlikely you'll be able to counteract the latter while capitalizing on the former while in the EU
Austria(if that counts as we were basically Austrian for centuries )
I had 4 pretty serious surgeries in my life and a few minor ones.
\>28 hot
English by far, followed by biology.
go to r/metricmasterrace for this discussion, better than here :D
Also, celebrating New Years is a Scottish invention, apparently
How do you call a mantis in your country
It has only snowed once in December where I live
Nah, nobody really cares about Slovenia
I have Irish friends, I know how problematic the church is in Ireland
12 euros per day only for "malica".
Yes, until the Tito-Stalin split was mended by Stalin's death, after which Yugoslavia cut off its support.
I'd say though that overall we have more solidarity than US does
And then there's [this Space center] in a little nearby village
What makes you think the EU wants to bomb Iran?
But I don't think he stole souls, as he needed them alive as to keep him company
On the other hand, comparative megastates like Germany, which were historically a bunch of bickering little kingdoms, are now one people, which even YOU treat as a "uniform" people, which is not even close to true in this conversation
Why would you remove Slovenia from good results
- James I. = Jakob I.
I fail to see how a wall could be considered enlightened.
Most of the time these places are fully livable.
but i couldn't read his name without seeing "edgelord" in my mind
My favourite is [this] Bali rice chocolate (I did not know it's called Mamm in English).
I guess Eastern Poland could use some investment
So they can watch the battle
1". Could be I just saw a bad side to the city, but all in all, I think it's wonderful
Melania Trump is now officially the first lady of the United States of America.
it is pretty nice, at night especially.
I think Eu will take the road of soft and slow federalization.
Martin's goose, red cabbage and mlinci]
So you want to ban a news source without even being able to articulate a reason for that.
thought hed be more popular than this duk fella
But Galician is, it's just not the same as Portuguese (anymore
In Ljubljana, Slovenia, the city center is closing for cars, but there are new big parking lots outside of the center, right next to the highway exits, where you can take a bus or rent a bike
About 20 degrees at the lowest if the weather is nice and sunny
I would recoment 🇸🇮 or maybeed 🇲🇪 if you are feeling adventerous.
I mean I've read what's happening, but can't really make sense of it.
They'll just hop on their troll account and off they go, doesn't matter that it has -1000 comment karma from being recognised as a troll all the time.
Isn't the point of fluoride and chlorine in the water different?
Should be that we are part of the Balkans or eastern Europe for Slovenia
We don’t need it
The real big brain move is always in the comments
No, no official signs
Intentionally slow down to match its speed and stay on same course, stop and move out of way or speed up even if slightly
He earned his place in film panels.
And every time, there is also a butthurt Brexiter whining about it.
Sorry, it probably just means you mass-produce.
I've even been to France myself a couple of times and nearly nobody spoke English
but they should have one because they are vital.
It would also make them a wretched abomination.
I think we need to make an EU universal colour scheme.
Considering I'm Slovenian
Are people supportive of your president?
Even better, that makes it neutral.
Higher than Croatia and Austria.
000 win that
I've never heard Basque and Maltese
I remember that something like 30 years ago there were stores where you could buy liquid detergent and softener this way, you came there with your own bottle and they poured predetermined amount into it
A song called "Narodno-zabavni rock" in 2010
Especially if there is a bigger celebration and there were plates of food and not an individual portions
* super formal 'Oni' in which you talk to the person in front of you in the same way you would talk formally about about a person who isn't there physically
Nothing special, but it shows what americans are like
I don't trust Slovenian inspectors at all.
Unless she was super old, very doubtful she was Slovenian.
Actually I'm pretty sure almost all (with few exceptions) other groups take scouting way more seriously than we, at least those of us from the "old guard". The younger leaders are a bit more open to ideas by the regional organisation
Hey would you be willing to make one of those for slovenia
Any word on the south rose window
In the mountains yeah, otherwise we had 1 day of full on snowfall and now its all ice already.
Renzi stepping down, however, is bound to sway the boat a litte bit.
Nippy
In several different countries
Jezus, is it so hard to Google that shit?
The smell of an alpine forest with some freshly cooked sausage
Muslims and Croatians are ganging up on Serb minority in Bosnia and we have to defend them
But you can get by with German only in northern and eastern parts of the country
And especially a fascist-written constitution which was written without the consent and participation of said people
If there is only space for 1 car and I can't see far enough ahead, I'll probably go 40 as well
Need to google the difference between Libertarianism and classical liberalism.
Oleh Tatarov, **deputy chief of the Ukrainian Interior Ministry's Main Investigative Directorate under Yanukovych**, claimed in January that "[t]he theory we are looking at is the killing was by unidentified persons.
I'm not from Ljubljana, though I lived in Šiška while studying, but those are the only two enighbourhoods that ever had a "bad" reputation so they're the only ones I could name.
Our parkings close to hiking trails look like [this] although in some popular places there might be [official parking]
Little city states of what was essentially the same people from our modern point of view fought over trivial differences, throughout history, and it was because the leader of one managed to convince his followers that they're better than the other, which made them want to conquer the inferiors
I'm surprised though that Hawaii are bigger!
CCS is practically already a standard, it just needs formalisation
We had [this kind of] closed wardrobes, and never had lid desks
Dvorisce - > brjac - > front yard
What's up with that
Thanks for correcting me, I didn't know that
Its a sad reality that slovenia is in such a bad spot because people simply dont want to pay their bills and other shit like that instead of not being able to pay bills, but hey, at least every 2nd slovenian has a fucking mercedes, audi or bmw, gotta get them loans
Boy scouts - Taborniki are part of WOSM, but are also inspired by Woodcraft movement of Ernest Thompson Seton
>an average German made 1
Nobody's saying it was a bad thing
Francois Fillon, the former French prime minister who is in a strong position to be elected president next year, believes Brexit must be "fast" and leave Britain without its crucial financial passport.
I heard there are dragons there.
IKEA
We dont go to Italy to shop anymore
It's not "Swiss customs", there are a ton of Swiss that share her views.
The narrative in our country atm is that our PM (Janša)  is practically a Hungarian vassal, Orban's puddle
Ti še ljubljansko ne znaš, ne pa da bi pravilno slovensko znal.
Slovenia actually had that in constitution but we had to change it when joining EU
It did not end well
Sales of paracetamol are up too, from what I've seen and overheard
God, I just want a reasonably stable government with only some small corruption scandals and possibly a minister who has to resign due to discovery that he was a swinger
There's really been lots of Albanians/Kosovars and new Bosnians here lately.
Due to economic problems caused by Corona Croatia doesn't have any fucks left to give
It's completely normal to have a dryer.
Just found out our country has 5 pornstars (Slovenia)
I'd also give them some liquor to help with the studies.
I highly doubt you'll get a Ljubljena-Plitvice bus.
Oh no no, we have a saying here from the times of the old Yugo, I'm pretty sure you have it too
It was the ruling coalition party twice, if I remember correctly.
and it is horribly unpractical.
That's the fate of anything you throw in Venus's atmosphere.
but babysnatchers
An excellent video about Western world and Islamic Ideas
Then there's viljamovka with Williams pear, tropinovec made with grape pomace, Brinjevec from juniper berries, Brkinski Slivovec (not Sliwovitz)
Edit: and obviously not treated as some kind of first-past-the-post system
Well, Croatia is defenitely not Central Europe
And our posts get nowhere near as many upvotes as posts about other countries, even very similar posts.
I'm arguing that the common opinion is nonsensical at best and racist at worst
Warm: 18-24
Subregion of Savinjska: Stingy, farmers, probably drunk when they are working in their forests, for some reason the worst drivers
Thousends of albanians have migrated to Macedonia while their birth-rate was very very big.
Lmao we just playing our folk music in the background
Where
Illuminati conspiracy to prevent Brexit confirmed.
for child birth you get 2 days leave; and then extra paternal (30 days), maternal (105 days) and parental (260days) leave
It's not the same everywhere so the generalisations are not fair
Birth - 1
Kind of reminds me of British version of /r/ShitAmericansSay.
Along with your two other buddies KSA and UAE.
Svoj/tvoj or svoj/moj (“svoj” is a reflexive possessive pronoun, used to stress when something is your/one’s *own* instead of using the regular tvoj (yours) or moj (mine))
Treaty of Trianon is the one that annoys the Magyars
Gibraltar FM: "I also have a suggestion, if you'd listen..."
Yeah is just english isnt particularely good to write russian words
I noticed quite an improvement in quality over last about 2 years
We have one for our municipality and learned it in school as well.
He pretty much refuses to appear on other stations, accusing all other journalists of spreading fake news and collaborating with the deep state
Ah yes, your cousin is a dying breed of Slovenes called ultra-Catholic-conservative-head-up-the-ass-socialism-killed-29567823674283423424-people-in-Slovenia-fuck-facts.
Also, happy cake day to you
Too often it feels like these shops offer leftovers, stuff that they couldn't sell in wealthier countries
Anytime we reference two of something, there's a slightly different word for it
nagasaki,
Trieste was and is ours already :)
>Czechia is a nice name
And EUs interest is in helping Ukraine.
Nova Gorica is relatively new town which was built after WW2 when Yugoslavia got western Slovenia from Italy but not any major town including Gorizial.
Or it could be a German flag, you decide which is more likely.
We've yet to capture one of Borut Pahor, the Slovenian counterpart
As long as you get a fair treatment if you come in on the public healthcare plan, and as long as they pay fair rents, I have no problem with doctors having public & private practices at the same institution
And what kind of spaghetti
Not that many
There was a picture in our student's book: a long line of guys on the skis, in white clothes and guns which said "Finnish rush to the front". I really enjoyed the pic for some reason
It woke me up and I was just waiting if I'll have to hide somewhere
We have an basement with open door and the postman was told to leave the package there
I don't think Serbia cares this time around.
Why did they send so much help
Most were simply picked up by the germans
Yeah, I love unique flags
Are you saying a country is the same as a nation?
It's mainly a geographical term
Even though the map's author tried to withhold that information.
Well Sweden didn't really need to be included.
There were also positive sides and my comment in this thread is about slovenia's disgousting secret, where religious people were the ones under threat
> Croatia is also unique, but it's shape "makes no sense"
We don't have specific areas for specific incomes.
This form of nationalism hurts refugees and we wouldn't want that , right?
Here it's very common
I sure fit some
The Little prince has always been my favourite book.
The prime minister is a good friend of the  equally scandalous Hungarian prime minister Viktor Orban, who even previously sponsored their political campaign
It is set during the violent christanization of Slovenes in the 8th century and is depending on who you ask, very pro-religious or anti-religious
Fuck ć, all my Slovene homies hate ć
Also not being a politician or owner of a company and not assuming that all the politicians and company owners are stealing from everyone they can
Wheres in war some idiot with ATGM can ruin your day
I hate snow
Yes, the important countries made a decision and others followed
Yes, it's true, divorce is a sin, but making children with three biological parents goes directly against how **GOD** intended **LIFE** to be created.
It is UK's internal problems that they behave as four different countries ;)
Doubt it
Orban is not president, as you have already been told by /u/eurovisionist7.
Mostly from WW1 and WW2 and it's aftermath
"volka" / "volkova" (this unequivocally means two wolves, even with no number in front of the word),
I'mma need a recipe here
The only answer to this question can be lower styria...
Hmmm, apparently there is a [city of Brussels ] is inside the[ Brussels region]
the cargo that arrives to the port has to leave it somehow
I start to suspect foul play from you guys
000 more people to be on that list
Or that Finland spent more time in history under Russia than e.g. Czechia did
If someone is offended by being called black, they're just playing the victim and oughtta be handled like that
Ljubljana btw
The employees actually knew what they were doing, amount of mistakes was negligible, and they seemed to have an information system that didn't need an IT guy hovering in the back the whole time
20 in december
no ,i merely wanted to point out that if the UK truly had an issue of sovereignty they would start by reforming their completely unrepresentative first-past-the-post system, their monarch with greater-than-just-ceremonial powers, and the house of lords which still holds hereditary positions.
I think majority of church goers have never even read the bible.
There are predictions that a lot of ski centers will have to close in a few decades if thing continue this way
Fact is EC suits both parties because it creates safe red and blue states both parties can ignore because they are foregone conclusion and so both can focus on couple of swing states
KRAAAAAPČIIIII
I've also seen one
That's right, there are no such influences in our official language as far as I know
But the UK has the power to opt-out of future integration!
If you mean elementary and secondary, I agree
Serbo-Croatian (we generally don't notice the diference between Serbian and Croatian) is understood by basically everyone, though I think that younger people understand it less and less and older people speak it, since they learned it at school
Scooters are one of the reasons kids still get Confirmation done here.
Please tell me how our students in highschool learn about independance war
i'm having a damn fine lige so i don't need more money.
As far as I know our dialect was influenced by Bavarian nad Low German so this might be a reason.
Probably was, but its what 'they' will say onsarcasticly.
Heh, I'm quite certain that people from Bosnia and Herzegovina will gladly specify on their own if they are Serbs or Croats
The Netherlands on the other hand has stronger anti-EU parties.
Iraq switched 15 years ago from selling oil in dollars to selling it in euros, which probably didn't sit well with American interests and the global hegemony of the dollar.
When we count things it gets even trickier, because when you talk specifically about three or four of something this happens:
IDK
Of course, Apple fans would disagree, but they are not in the majority
How the hell would Nazi criminals be guards at the Nuremberg Trials??
Maybe Germany or Austria, if i had to choose another country
While I'll admit that after 1918, there was a lot of negative feelings towards German speaking population, especially in Styria (Maribor/Marburg and Celje/Cili).
Are they seriously calling the SPD socialists?
There are many missing, for sure
Lake Bled is everywhere
we have actors from two sources: the academy for film, radio and television and the public.
the worst will come in 2 weeks
Yeah I just checked my math, it told me I'm dumb
Why would he throw the Brit out?
In literal translation that would be "every village has it's own voice".
I think most people near the italian border speak Italian
Trump: "So the other day I read about
Would you like an Albania instead?
Well done
I love the squished Transnistria
Funny, an old tourism slogan for Slovenia is "the sunny side of the Alps" because it's the east and such
I'll have to write that thing down!
The courts have not even begun to decide
I want a sandwich with 10 dekagrams of salami and 5 dekagrams of cheese, and a nice 7 deciliter bottle of water, damn it
TLDR: he is part of (was part of) right-wing politicians, I vote left-wing politicians.
But is the tipping legally sanctioned or something voluntary you do out of goodwill and satisfaction with the service?
Then it has to stand for 50 days if the person is celebrating is an Abraham, 40 days if he/she is 40 and so on, before they come clean it up with another party
If anything England Would need to rely on Scotland for protection.
By the end of 1st grade everyone definitely knows it.
Dialects and dialect groups that are geographically close are usually mutually intelligible but still sound distinct
It is still better than east Europe
In croatia a would say
"You stand between the doorway like an Italian
Generally Germans are seen here in a positive light
What does this have to do with Apple
Surelly you can find clean villages in those countries and poor dirty areas in Belarus' cities.
There is an official/standardized version of the language that most everyone can understand and speak
Yes it does and this is a sample card
Actually, IIRC, it only applied for the contested lands in "Slovenia", that is: Krain, Kaerenten, Styria and Istria, not all their lands.
There are other differences as well
You opened a thread, not to learn anything or be challenged, but to build your little echo-chamber where everyone nods in agreement.
Today, 9th of December in the year of our Lord 2016 winds of war swept across /r/Europe.
You can technically ask them to leave the packet, and while afaik they aren't allowed to do it, some might
they would be better suited for theatre.
Starts with an A and ends with an A.
The max I heard of was up to 300k.
Try staying ahead of the curve with your arms and legs bound.
Most of my friends have similar paychecks and their boyfriends too (some even play football in Austria after work and that means around 1000 EUR extra money a month)
You also don't see very often that a politician would fund his own campaign and that does seem to be a good thing, considering one can never know who is actually behind a politician's words when he is being funded by interest groups.
The municipalities are the 'lokalna samouprava' thing and have nothing to do with the government.
especially through the mountains where the roads are very narrow with hard turns
In high school you had to carry all your things with you all day I went to SERŠ in Maribor
🇷🇺 seems to be becoming a true European nation XD
I don't know why Prague, as a capital, is not first think when thinking about Czech towns, could be because I had never visit it, even if someone ask me what is the capital of Czechia I would need a second or two before answer Prague, while Brno and few others I could fire in a sleep
Of course I wasn't home since they always come in the morning when people are at work.
Also Lykke Li and Robyn come to mind
Yes, it's a sad news, but she made her choice.
Plan stronk, polan into space ^ - ^
He's been making schnapps for decades.
", people who're crazy about hiphop subculture, people who're genuinely clueless, and racists
First, Yugoslavia wasn't alligned with Stalin
Whatever you watch there, we watch here.
This is a bit out of context, but this thread just made me a bit sad I don't speak more languages
Right now, for reasons
Actually, there is a food bowl in Latvian prison.
We have some heavy measures and political tensions because of it
-Why is there no Santa claus in Australia?
If i want to learn something, I learn and understand things better in english then in my own language
(((Followed by mum's self-satisfied chuckling as though she'd invented the joke herself
Kosovo: Student shot and killed in front of school - -
A lot of dumb people've been taking trips to the seaside lately, so from midnight on it will not be allowed to leave the municipality of your residence
A lot, including castle ruins, since if its a ruin they usually dont charge entrance and after ww2 most of our castles got abandoned and or destroyed anyway
Right
Then Poland, Hungary, Slovakia.
But you don't take 50% of waste.
Italy
You have no way to raise that kid without either drastically lowering the living standard for your existing kids or neglecting them because of work.
35 hours a week of job searching.
They happen every once in a while where I live.
-For some reason, the Petronas Towers from Kuala Lumpur (when I was 4 and 7, me and my family went to Kuala Lumpur from where we went to Singapore and from there to either Indonesia or China
It's not mandatory so you can leave some change, perhaps round up, if you want to do so.
Why do countries like germany and austria have so low fertility rate?
600 €
I'm also aware not everything in reality is the same as on TV, but when it's such a big 'stereotype' it's obvious it's based on some real thing.
Except when bar is packed then you go and other because otherwise they won't see you
There's probably more, but these just came from the top of my head
It may just be a map from some alternative reality.
Nobody knows why was he shot, or by whom, especially since it seems Jiři was an average nobody.
No, but we have lots of restaurants that serve so called "malica". These are daily menus that are only served between 10:00-14:00
Again missing the point
After an agreement with a noble the dragon promised not to flood the villages, but only if he was given six virgins to devour every year
This one it's photoshopped because is already dark outside
Although my first idea was the first verse of Povodni mož:
The number is even higher than what i first said
Interesting, i would've thought you were from a southern European country since you like the heat
That's unfortunate, but it's what happens because of maths.
Just joking or does this really happen
Idk where you've been stopped, but in Gorizia/Nova Gorica you can't even spot the border if you don't know where it is
no they should ban muslim schools for children but open them for preachers....
[Picture]
They're too close to the US ;)
Well he could be including lunch and transportation in that
The first to be demolished was the one on Topniška, as it was to be replaced by a new modern "fancy" buildings
We get almost no tourists, have almost no festivals and highways pass us by ...
But I actually know my parents’ friends I guess so two degrees for me
Yes, definitely however, to imply that we were that much different is stupid considering the town was 10k pop
Obalno-kraška
[Related]
And the same goes for e.g. foods - Western Slovenia lives on pasta and olive oil
I'm not sure what exactly is required for joining but I would expect one would at the very least need a rifle.
Ministry for Defence
If you pass your driving exam on an automatic you are only allowed to drive automatics
Here you can change your name for whatever reason and the price of 30€
Did you watch news of all European countries to make such a conclusion or are you basing your assumptions on British media only?
I doubt statistics like that exsist.
edit: it was also much worse 15 years ago.
Would't be suprised by something similar down south
Yeah, you'd get all your correct mail
But you can get by with German only in northern and eastern parts of the country
65 down-votes and counting over my defending Russia being called a "terrorist state" in yesterday's thread about this supposed assassination
I got the idea form one of international camps I attended, where they had this system
And BTW what happened to Croatia?
Things have been quiet lately though.
The [Italian one] OP is asking about looks great too
To take your example, my parents born in 1960s in Slovene Istria have learned English, Italian and (only one year) of Serbo-Croatian in school
Me veseli, da sem vas spoznal
I actually had no idea ancient Greek had dual
Are you guys really under 4 mil now?
The first elections are presidential elections this December, and it seems, that pretty much everyone has given up and accepted the fact that our current president and instagram superstar will win another term.
literally everyone was in traditional dress, it was beautiful.
You remember when Tresckow tried to kill Hitler but a wooden table protected him from the impact
Only has 3 tenses, no definite/indefinite articles, and the spelling is reasonably consistent
Just call them what they prefer ...
These people are European muslims.
Ksiht - Gesicht - face
It's also 20 minutes long
We have to wear masks everywhere, we're on complete lockdown and people are also breaking measures because they're just sick of them already (how many people still disinfect their hands at stores
Heartbreaking
You go to pasha london school, my friend ?
For the UK it was never about leaving the EU.
At a bit higher level, I think satire is quite popular, or maybe just generally teasing politicians and celebrities
Well anyway, F
The second one isn't that interesting, but there is a conspiracy theory about the death of our famous writer, Ivan Cankar
Africans went from "fellow unaligned" to "unwelcome immigrants" in former Yugoslavia in 30, because the propaganda machine changed
felt it when i was sleeping though it wasnt that bad
" Verjetno 5 ali 6 volkov (with no "i", since you've now provided a specific number)
[The university of Ljubljana.] [And it apparently ranks 477th in the world.]
(Probably not in the regions next to Italy tho)
I know that people who didn't have cable watched HRT a lot (along with ORF and Rai), this must have something to do with it
But the word mesto can also mean place.
I tried to find the numbers in the [document that is supposed to contain the source data] but sadly my rudimentary knowledge of Turkish and google translate have not been enough
There should be 0 US troops on European soil.
The Serbian authorities at the border will just smack a huge 'VOID' stamp over the Kosovo stamps.
Wait, does that mean that communism is just a Big Music conspiracy
There's a difference
That's called an Empire then
That's even worse than what we have here!
If it's instant I'll go for the ones where I have no other connections to
If so, you are really good at it.
They all look very different to me.
It was a joke though :)
Because of the reasons written above
(The two possible ones in the 2nd and 3rd examples are used based on the starting letter of the next word but mean exactly the same)
I don't know what point your're trying to make since I didn't say anything against his questuion.
she was probably thinking about [this]
I got sunburned in Ireland
But now there's aparently 2 gangs of kids 11-16 year olds, patroling some nearby neighbourhoods and a pump track that are intimidating kids and elderly
I like our strange European monopoly money
but I don't care about the work that is done there.
A bus and a fucking *ambulance driver* out of all people
We curae 🇺🇸 for "world policing" and now 🇪🇺 should perfor a militaty coup in 🇺🇸?
And the ice cream is rumored to be legendary
And this allowed them to feel like they can run the EU now.
What was the attitude of your village, tow, city during the immigrant crisis?
A saw a car with license plates from Malta a few years ago
That's the impression I got from the report our evening news did on the topic.
So he decided to screw the country for his benefit
I was advised by some Russian friends to not necessarily pick SPB as a trip destination because of potential neonazi love for blacks
Well, surely the diatonic accordion is the most omnipresent in our folk music (usually also called "Oberkrainer music", if anyone is familiar), but it actually got popularized just in the 20th century
It gets old pretty quickly
Remember the war games where the US invades Iran
Pavia I
Pretty much nobody knew about her.
maybe because it's convienient
I love gooseberries, we call them 'kosmulja' here.
[OC] Percentage of subreddit's subscribers to country's total population
I think you should be looking into undergraduate programmes.
300€ for 36m^2\month near the Austrian border
Fair points but I must say, and I mean no offence, that I am very dissapointed in you French.
Ljubljana itself can be done in about 2-3 hours if you rush things.
edit: grammar
So you're saying Albania could support a new region which is in ruins, where nothing actually works, social state is nonexistent, industry shattered and what isn't is in foreign ownership?
Never heard it used positively
You don't go just a few kilometers of the Libyan coast and let some non profit pick you up?
So unless we're talking mass murder even Mao would be in awe of, the US would find out first hand how obnoxious European guerilla warfare can be
well then they were full o sheet.
I'm sure there are plenty of Americans who claim Irish heritage subscribed to /r/Ireland.
" Voters should then write or draw the answers, or questions rather
But to be honest, the national television isn't as overt; it most often comes up during the weekend commentaries or on its online articles, the news itself are usually tame.
the poverty line is higher than the minimal wage.
Slavoj Žižek on Trump and Brexit
Especially the "Homesickness in Cairo." post.
It's also why I chose the year 1969
Benefits of a small country, like ours, you can walk from south to north in a week or less
To elaborate on this, železnica means "the iron thing" (female)
Vzorec translated into German means Muster
Normally people drop off their kids and then pick them up at the end
Gay marriage
Officially it is not yet determined, but there are indices that put the blame to at least local authorities although direction was supposed to came directly from top leaders of Yugoslavia  [Dispatch from Kardelj]
an internet paper expressing personal traits and basic physical info.
▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒█▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒
Even mine, who are around 80 did the yearly summer migration to the sea.
I thought the rock-paper-scissors setup was weird but this is straight heresy.
I have 10 extra pairs of slippers just for guests.
For having an opinion different from yours?
With Croatia though, while our two countries are similar, once you exit the roughly Kajkavian speaking region, the Mediterranean and Balkan influences are definitely much stronger and more noticeable
A an honest hard-working guy then, those we do not like.
In Slovenia, the floor at street level is called 'pritličje' and it means 'floor on the ground'. 1st floor is upstairs from that
I want Slovenia to leave the EU alongside with V4
I keep track and the average (for
They also wanted to build a bridge to the island.
Lol few weeks ago they [salted the streets] here 'by accident' with salt used to cure prosciutto with little proscuitto pieces still in.
This is bullshit
I meant half past seven yes, I'm sorry for the mistake
It requires an extraordinary level of incompetence on the editor's part to allow something like that.
Shall we do a dark rye bread exchange, bred-fren
enough that they still exist apparently, you see ads for them in bad magazines
is booming, so it's good growth.
Its not that the roads are bad quality.
) use
I guess we're in the way :/
I think the 19th February 1944 - the first congress of the Slovene national liberation council (SNOS, some kind of first parliament, the slovenian equivalent of AVNOJ) could be a good candidate
My god, is that thing ridiculous.
This is an official theory, and the unidentified persons could be various people, a whole host of them… It could have been motivated by disruptive behavior, or with the aim of provocation." He then claimed the cartridges and weapons used in the shootings were not police issue.
For a very long time - all the way to 1918 -, this region was part of the Hungarian Kingdom, leaving it with a small Hungarian minority that lives there to this day, and a distinct culture and language.
Living here in slovenia rn feels like living in the UK, nothin but rain and wind
Here in Slovenian Istria we say ˝karjola˝. It comes from Italian
not exactly good night and probably NSFW]
Oh, now I pretty much understand why are they so powerful
wooh, 10 day vacations every summer, skiing trips every winter, id fucking get a spa membership....
I found out what "drkanje" meant a few weeks ago lol
I had Filipino penpals as a kid and I'm still in regular contact with one
This is really a big immigrant city.
Same
The East swears by pumpkin seed oil and potatoes
The area they were supposed to build a wind farm on, [Volovja reber] is part of Natura 2000 and has a great significance in European natural heritage.
We'll do Trieste
Suhi dol (dry valley)
Sort of, mostly among teenagers.
If you wanted a secure, well-paying, high education job you shouldn't have picked something like that
2) The gas crisis was universal in the 70's. and 3) until the "young-economist" took over and destroyed our economy our model was basically just updated version of Kavčič's from the 60's.
Tourism is just an example I used.
I am saddened every time a piece of cultural or natural heritage is destroyed or damaged, no matter where in the world it happens
Well that's just a very large pile of rocks, of course it's gonna last.
Or the car plant in Novo mesto?
We percieve distances differently
Did his parents know and what was their role in this
The other hero would be [Rudolf Maister]
A woman must quietly receive instruction with entire submissiveness.
I have lived in the 90's and don't remember ever using milk in bags.
Maybe the people who run that restaurant I guess
I would never want to be in a position to make that decision.
I'm guessing you're a lot younger than me (37).
Netherlands - Nizozemska
So many kids without helmets O_o this would qualify for an enraged public and fierce debates on our TV during prime time.
It has come so far that people accuse Russia everything.
You wish, my friend
I work as a translator and I like reading texts like that in hopes of improving my language skills
Pretty sure most countrie learn about it in the same fashion as you
Of course if you live with your parents you get less if you're up to 26 years old.
ČMRLJ says hi
>it's a Swedish staple
I think you are reaching a little.
I got the joke, but who/what is Székely
Obviously, I'd need a house directly by the sea with possibly a small private beach.
I am as sorry for the Notre Dame just as much as I was sorry for Palmyra
Last week I went hiking
If yes -> continue to 2nd referendum
I'm glad we are not the only one!
In Trieste there is both a Serbian & a Greek Orthodox Church dating to the 19th century, since those are two of the historical communities within the port city.
️ War
No, I'm thinking HEMA
Learning grammar would be very hard, but possible
Friends who know it's fine to go "yo yo my nigga
We don't really have swear words here.
It is taught in primary school (or at least it was some 20 years ago) the preferred way to do it is to use the comma for millions whenever a period is used for thousands.
Not everyone though, there are really nice people
Most Famoso sentence there is ""[Etjè bi det naš ne səgréšil, tè u weki jèmu bè žíti,...]" which would be translated in moderen slovene as ""Če bi ded naš ne grešil, bi mu v veke bilo živeti"- "If our grandfather had not sinned, he would have lived forever
But I doubt it will last much longer given the current circumstances.
"Podeželje, kot ga jaz vidim"
Not like schools need to teach kids how to plant, parents do that.
Almost immediately after taking office he/they(SDS) appointed their own people to the heads of police, army, the national institute for public health, the statistical office, the Slovene Intelligence and Security agency and many other national institutions
Of those who do, many are from Spain, and most of those are against Catalan separatisms, as most Spanish people are
Yeah you hit the nail on the last one.
Thankfully the Germans moved away
GTFO
13-14, but we have a pretty big drinking culture here
the most European thing is to bitch about neighbours and drink coffee in a posh café in the old city centre.
You were talking about Ferragosto which has nothing to do with heat and humidity.
We pretty much invented, defined and popularised the term Yugonostalgia, so yeah it's safe to say that people feel a special type of connection towards Yugoslavia.
I have added flags and all European countries (excluding micro-states) instead of just the ones that are in the European Union.
I imagine that vikings were pretty much what Somali pirates are today: regular guys pushed into banditry by their countries being shit.
But there's also [Guillermo del Toro] one that's supposedly comming in 2021
The Court is the highest instance court, meaning that it is the highest court you can appeal to after your case was decided at the district court (first instance) and then the higher court (second instance)
I mean, if Slovenia could do it, Ireland with its much stronger economy and, as you say, *being an island*, could definitely have done it as well
Half of Zagreb is not even in the Balkans
2nd highest after Podgorica actually.
No, it's for national trains and international trains.
No, except for a layover at Atatürk airport, but it's very high on my list.
I love the way you spelled indepen*dance*.
Your money should work harder than you do.
Ah a fellow nation of culture I see
It's tiny and that would be super inconvenient
Lake Bled is probably the most well known attraction in Slovenia, but everyone recognizes it by the church
Director on national public health was seen mulitple times with out the mask, few ministers that have been tested positive go about all willy nilly
Just as a bit of cultural/historical knowledge - the term "Windisch" was used by the Nazis during WW2 to mean Slovenian the same way the N-word was used by plantation owners to mean black
You can put the cursor over the flag and it shows you the country's name.
I'm sure this will be part of any deal US and post brexit UK will sign
Here the larger version more suited to sewing and opening packages is the more prevalent
Hence you get the affinity to dislike them even though you've never met one of them
Europe and Asia are on the same tectonic plate.
I don't know of any Albanian slaščičarna.
It's sad do see how Italy doesn't give a shit about such a beautiful city.
Funny enough, [Nova Gorica ] was the “nicest” medium-sized town in 2018 and [Velenje] was the nicest bigger town in 2019
Without specific numbers, we say:
Talking about historical divisions, 45 years of the Iron Curtain didn't undo the influence of several centuries of the Habsburg Empire
Italy or Hungary are more likely to invade because of their national minorities in Slovenia
Which as far as I am concerned are two different things.
Also you know, taste in men/women is subjective and only caring for someone looks is shallow.
Yeah
I think I should seek refuge in Finland.
Did he read any name other than Kekkonen that day?
< part
Poskusil je tožit, ampak frajer ima zveze v tožilstvu in mu je ratalo upočasnit celo zadevo tak, da v treh letih ni prišlo na sodišče.
That is because Italy occupies the surrender joke position in Slovenia
More and more are europeans are moving to the right.
If you don't care for a pack of internet, TV, stationary and mobile phones, there is little choice and it is comparatively way more expensive
Is it no longer an aqueduct
The bigger net salary is bull ... u still use the money on healthcare and education and pension, but the service is much worse
I don't really support the idea, even if long-term resident.
I feel like I am at the fluent level, as I am constantly emerged in the language via YouTube, Reddit etc
Everyone does that
Machen Sie mir dieses Land wieder deutsch!
By that you esentialy reduce them to a EEA member, pay obide but not wote.
I don't know if there's any other lakes like this in Europe, apart from a few smaller ones in Slovenia
[I feel in love with it when I first saw this artwork of the castle in Civilization V.]
I'm asking in general, not about Slovenia.
It has nothing to do with grammar.
IDK this might just be my ramblings :)
Don't be a sucker (1947): US's propaganda movie in which a man in simple terms explains how NSDAP rose to power in Germany and how it ended in destruction of the country to a fellow countryman who seems to be swayed by orators similair to Hitler.
38 dialects in seven main groups, which is a lot for a country with 2M people and 20
Grilled little turds made of minced meat with spices and sparkling water.
I've also at some point been to all the other former yugoslav states (edit: except for kosovo) and can say they are way more developed than they are stereotypically portrayed, although it is true that there are parts that are not as well off.
Still, not considering the context of word usage before getting offended IMO correlates with either low intelligence or ulterior motives
IIRC we're so neck and neck it's considered a tie
Otto I was crowned Emperor in 962.
I remember these comics being the first thing I was reading after learning to read
Hold up
I am sincerely hoping for an actual winter this year, because last two snowless winters made me lowkey depressed
It was brought here during Yugoslavia.
I dare you to post a "Stray cats of Vicenza"
Affirmative action in Russia
Let's nit pretend it isn't.
&#x200B;
However I realise that the doctors working only in the public system are not paid enough and since a significant increase in their wages is not in sight, there is probably no other way than to allow such practices
Do not buy into english propaganda.
True, I shouldn't called it a country.
Look at this armchair cold-blooded killer.
We were supposed to stay for 2 nights
As well as any sort of shoes and hiking stuff
You can actually tell from the accent in English from where in Slovenia someone is
Proper Slovenian (and it's bastardized form in Ljubljana) are just the Esperanto for people from all over this huge country to communicate, since without it, most people wouldn't be able to understand each other
City means nothing in russian culture, they would burn it down in a second....
Do you say 97 in worse way than the French say 98
At least we can rely on the Russians to be consistant
Not everything in this world you can have a choice about
Heck, most still believe we were part of USSR.
Hope she is going to be alright
for natural disaster if your life, health or property is in danger 3 days
For Cyrillic-based languages, there's always one or two letters that are unique to only one of them.
I like putting chilli sauce on
Kranjska klobasa needs to have specific ingredients, what you call Kranjska kobasica doesn't and it tastes a lot different
Once a mentally ill guy ran at than current president with an actual hand grenade in his hand - was stopped by body guard.
Where else are you supposed to drink?
Not the traditional angle you get on all Ljubljana pictures.
Where are you at
I have held a few before but I've only ever shot an air gun.
▒█▒▒▒▒▒█████▒████▒▒█████▒█▒▒▒█▒▒████▒████▒▒▒███▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒
~~Trst~~ Maribor (96 000) - the second largest city
I love the circus/monkey expression
We are definitely great and so are Baltics and Eastern european countries!
trump didnt win with direct democracy though, clinton won the popular vote...
Yeah every year there is few bear attacks
Zweschpen in an old Austrian word that transformed over time to Zwetsche and to češplja in Slovene
I may be wrong but I'm pretty sure they're not the most common form of pre-school not in Italy nor anywhere else.
Some allowed shoes inside, mine didn't. We had lockers but we only used them for coats, shoes and p.e. stuff and carried all our book for the day with us
Moravske Toplice (Moravian Spa), is a village that is nowhere near Moravia
I wish I could go there now
Now we call mattresses "jogi".
I don't see that going well for even the US, even if you can get China to threaten the Russian southern flank enough that they can't dedicate all their armed forces to defending their shores
We don't have much orphans here, most are just temporarily away from their parents for different reasons (social instability, behavioral, emotional problems, hospitalised parents etc.).
And AFAIK PCI didn't want anything to do with far left militants.
What you had lockers I never had any locker not in primary school or high school
I'm not judging those people or anything.
It has always been the wall
Kot si verjetno že sam ugotovil nobeno narečje ni takšno kakršen je knjižni jezik, so pa nekatera narečja bolj pravopisno pravilno kot pa druga.
Because it could be like in Syria where anti-government forces will be fighting with the government forces with support from Russia
> We're freaking tall
Americans be like: "We don't care"
In every Brexit thread in r/europe there is a comment with many upvotes and says "oh yeah, just like our economy collapsed.
Pešec pešači čez pešišče is a famous tongue twister from Slovenia
If only I understood a bit of it.
I'm not sure what we're left with if criticism from the opposition counts for nothing.
I made awesome international friends and learned a new language very well.
I prefer it to maple syrup and use it quite often.
If not, it makes your other points completely moot, because no gun law could possibly be as damaging as having a population ready (and just waiting for the right equipment) to start murdering each other.
And I'm not sure China would willingly go to war against the EU either, if they can stay neutral and not lose that market
Then, there's a case for Prekmurje Slovene being its own language and not just a dialect, but that's rather disputed
I actualy hate the liberals more than the clericals (right)
Nikolaj's helper, like Zwarte Piet is in The Netherlands.
Additionally, the literal translation of *v redu* is *in order*, so it shouldn't be that weird to write it like that (but it still is)
sapporo,
The balkans are huge on grilling.
Although I don't see their ads as often anymore, there used to be plenty when I was a kid
si and Petrol
We have lockers, but we usually use them just to keep shoes and umbrellas there or winter clothes
Possibly with hiking shoes to top it off.
Polenta is known by the same name in Slovenia.
Whožich i have to this day been unable to dislodge.
If the communists were half as good at economy as they were at composing, we'd be begging for the EUSSR
I went to school in 2011 and we were taught cursive, I actually prefer it to normal letters
Nope , they just report real news.
Their choco-loko based diplomacy in the last weeks has clearly shown that they can't be trusted with such a delicate thing like chocolate.
The Spanish, the Catalans or both
I was joking, but if its a nuclear war then einstein will have been right when he said "I know not what ww3 will be fought with but ww4 will be fought with sticks and stones"
Oh, and for a couple more weeks, we hold America by the balls
However also some of the worst shitposters in this sub are incidentally Slovenian :D
Loan per month is similar for whar I would pay for a rent
YOUR habits do not equal Slovene culture
Holy, we have a whole city as a [capitol]
There aren't any Canadian troops in Donbas,
Good
It's true, I've read in a newspaper that ambulances do not enter gypsy villages/shantytowns without police support anymore.
I too had to learn Italian since grade 1 and english since grade 3 and i can speak both quite well
So, because he thinks Bosniaks will respond to Serbs peacefully exercising their right to self determination with violence, he accuses Serbs who want to exercise that right of war-mongering?
There are still some Germans living in Slovenia and German is tought as a second language (instead of English) in some primary schools, at least in Styria
There's nothing sensible about not having at least one integer type.
Its the dam portugese in Luxemburg who dont know how to drive.
They are called "krofi".
Lmao we just playing our folk music in the background
That big black rectangle at the beginning are wars of religion.
This is the most Italian thing I have ever seen
Although our official word is "da" while in practice you will never ever hear it used by Slovenians at all.
Luckily for you there is a thing called congress to keep his actions at bay.
We also have bonfires ([kres] on 30th of April but we don't have any witches we just have bonfires and drink alcohol
Allthough Iwas so surprised by some of the cities being so high up
From where coming
Austria(if that counts as we were basically Austrian for centuries )
Luckily even other party leaders from his coalition congratulated Biden and accepted the results
Metlika and especially Črnomelj haven't had any work done in decades
Eggs and testicles are both jajca
Nothing
Also putting up a [may pole] for any gender or a [giant flower] for women
exYugoslavia, mostly 🇸🇮 🇷🇸 and 🇭🇷, 🇧🇦 not so much
The delivery guy calls you (you always have to provide the phone number) to come outside, or to get instructions if someone else is going to take the packet
In my area it's 4-7 usually
I wanter to write cool until I saw this comment
a common mistake is writing "ne" (not/non/un
He answers: "Well, it seems only fair
It's a either draw or nuclear annihilation for everyone
It's however obviously understandable and I don't much care, except in aesthetic sense
Just came here to say this
I don't agree they are useless, but managing them is time-consuming, yes.
But then again, I'm from Savinja valley, so I can speak just for us
We also have a city called New City
Nick Vujicic, motivational speaker who was born without arms and legs, he was visiting Slovenia a few months ago.
You just posted it here, online for all to see.
Hey, our politicians are also very corrupt
How is life in Greenland
Movies & tv more or less american (although they're trying to have more of other foreign media on tv in addition to ours)
Supposedly the most played instrumental song in the world
We've been waiting for one for almost a decade I think but the building still hasn't started lol
You are right, I should have written "any restrictions more severe than the ones in Texas/Kansas/other firearm owner-friendly states".
You're just Slavs in denial anyway :D
Yes, they still isues modern day wersions for the croatia border.
It's impossible to translate each word but here it goes:
The name is exactly the same as in Germany
He was hit by a lightning 9 times.
How do you export tourism
Get her super wet
Send your food safety inspector to their bakeries and you'll never set a foot in one of them again.
nothing like Croatian and Serbian where you really gotta look for the differences with a magnifying glass.
There is a chainsaw throwing competition
") because of gastarbeiter in the 19th century on the A-H railroad or from "ćuš" which was an incitement word for pack animals in Bosnia(?)
Yes, but also students themselves consider that a home
Dinaric vegetation, Dinaric karst, Dinaric people.
Pay isn't the best mind here no matter what you do, but you will find a job fairly easy
Reddit doesn't like links ending with parenthesis.
An asteroid hit us a month or so ago
I think it's mostly because Iphones are quite expensive and the general opinion here was that the price is not worth it (you pay just for the brand)
Yes they are less than 5 km apart
I was looking for the correct translation for that but yours is perfect
I most often get asked this by Americans who are visiting Croatia/Slovenia
I was planning to do it the next day.
And the fact that all Serbia politics do are blaming every other foreign nations on how shitty they run their country is also pathetic
45.968807°N 14.422627°E is the location of the shot.
Mythomania in Slovenia is already ridiculous, in Croatia it's head-aching, in Serbia it defies belief and all of us together can't hold the candle to Bulgaria.
There are a lot of English words that are used in slang and with new generations this number just increases so yes I am a little
But only a fool can say that we lived better in yugoslavia than now
Zois
I love my parents, but when it comes to economy they're commie idiots.
We just
Je pa zamujena šansa da bi jih pobarval kot hruške
After the war, thousands of enemies of the regime were murdered, many of them still lying in unmarked graves.
We also sing Gaudeamus igitur
Croats were not considerd slavs by Nazis.
Maribor: 96 211 (municipality: 112 682)
From my experience, not one tourist or non-native spoke to me in Slovenian
This picture encapsulates why I'd like to learn German
Well, Austria is technically still controlling the AT-SLO border, though the controls are pretty random at this point
Not so
Yeah, we got our local folk, folk-pop etc.
Oh, you mean šnops
At least they don't help the companies avoid paying taxes in other EU states.
I demand my battlefields to be fully fair-trade certified, pasture-grazed organic, none of that GMO, Paaschendale-crater-mud nonsense kids eat up these days
I think it's considered healthier because it's leaner.
As the description and rules state, its not about yugo-nostalgia.
I adore cats but that cat we freaky.
No raisins
Yeah, I included that with Italy
basically all public services apart from nurses and firefighters
At least the location was really good
If I don't count Slovenia, of those I visited, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
*interesting* experience coming out of the airport in Copenhagen and there were a lot of people at the exit waving small danish flags, looking a lot like what a reception for some VIP would look like here
I can tell you right away, EU investors will not like that.
Yes, regular restaurants where everybody can go.
We are the two most stubborn nations in the world when it comes to border disputes.
Quite similar, but with many notable differences.
Meaning "Are you listening to what I'm saying
Yup
There's also "mati" - mother and "hči" - daughter, but not "dekle" - girl which is neutral.
It's normal
Albanian, Welsh and Basque for me
I would vote for him if I was an American.
O, hvala lepa
I need to be up to date with what's going on
Its incredable how Croatian propaganda denies the truth to this day.
But apparently, by the border with Italy, they celebrate on 25th.
I'm more of a sun person
What is their problem with breaking spaghetti
Don't you have to get a bike license in like 5th grade of school
I thought it was a meme
enotami zahodne slovenije
Putin always sits like this
Flajšmašina yes, vešmašina no
My girlfriend says they have those snails in kindergartens here as well
NATO does attack countries, even as an entity, not only its members
Let me try again
You misspelled Central Europe
French president has unusually wide powers and is in charge of foreign policy.
most US presidents have said a lot of dumb shit about Europe, Trump isn't all that special in that regard
The things that we experienced back then would have been totaly unacceptable today
In Slovenia I think there are far more than just Ljubljana
You can do that, but they won't erase you.
Geese are somewhat less common, but not unheard of
Facemasks are gone, same as everywhere, and disinfectants are running low as well (couldn't find any hand sanitizer, had to get 70% ethanol from the pharmacy)
using "s" (with) incorrectly when there should be a "z" .  ex: grem s dvema prijateljicama (im going with two friends)
Most of my generation learned by watching the italian TV
They're just so weird
[The first time this sub has dissapointed me.]
5g of alcohol per kg of blood (i hope i said that right) but that regulation imo does nothing
When you say "other race" do you mean only POC
In villages where multiple people are celebrating a round birthday, you'll see signs saying "round village" and then small speed limit signs with all of their ages.
I'm an emancipated woman married to a slightly effeminate man, fitting the ex-yu stereotype like a glove
They are nonecistant as far as comercial flying is concerned.
Nation-state are the most stable form Europe knows, and in fact the world knows.
I'm glad Poland is FINALLY getting some positive press
It would also be interesting to see a Ducal integration on a [prince’s stone ]
Federal EU is where my <3 is at
Here in Slovenia it's mostly pensioners raising the stats, the situation for the large majority of the people is much better
This is for elementary school
The next pressident of the republic.
I sincerely hope that this is not the end of cooperation between the UK and the rest of Europe
When the protesters and the police start to work together like this, the politicos get really nervous.
Lampa - Lampe - lamp
A 3 minute walk to the train station is followed by a 10 minute train ride and then I walk for another 5 minutes to get to school
Nuclear power plant Krško is just 40 km away from Zagreb
Are big brands really sending crap to Croatia?
It was continously also reported that informal talks were put in place about how could we "return the favor" to Hungary
Probably 2014 ice storm
Capital city: 300k
Sure but you must know that Putin is simply pragmatic with Turkey.
France has the best and 100% correct laws and that's why its citizens should have the right to break any laws in other countries as long as the things they do are not illegal in France.
▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
Just no
Thats just because it has the sea
I worked in a migrant center, we had tons of Albanians and Kosovars.
Oh, God when will this end
Here's my personal anecdote about that.
What some individuals think doesn't metter.
One is adjacent to a church anyway and they often put up some motivational quote instead of an actual religious message (it currently reads 'If something is important, you will find a way -  if it is not, you will find an excuse
A part of my country is coloured green, I live in the grey part and we have all three breeds of hedgehog that live in Europe.
Guess I'll have to get drunk on altar wine this year.
It can kill according to some legends
We can only assume
They might be interested in paying for advanced weaponry that's been under a US promoted embargo for a while now.
Ex-yu languages use the same or a very similar word
Then the Romans came around 15 BC and renamed it to Celeia.
You can use "smart pay card" from mastercard to pay anything anywhere...
All of NATO was not involved because it simply wasnt needed
idk to be fair that's the official designation but everyone I know just calls it Amerika and it's assumed it's the USA
Yeah, as you wrote, Ljubljana is quite flat around its centre, so it is possible to drive around without any gears on bikes
It is something like 70% the price of the 4-pack
Ours didn't but my school windows did and I was very confused at first
There really aren't any here but neighboring Croatia has a beautiful and well preserved amphitheater in Pula, they even run concerts and stuff like that in it
It sounds different than any 'british' accent I heard so far and I watch a lot of British shows.
I am a smoker and I drink alcohol on occasion, but I think both should be more strictly regulated
Before becoming a PM, **Miro Cerar** had, according to his party, 71.000€ on his bank account, a house In Murgle (LJ) worth 290.000€, a garage worth 11.000€ and VW Touareg 2008.
Jed - Slovene meal; Slovak poison
Not surprised we're so high up
Every day is a good day for #FREEDOM
Yugoslav Partisans were of all Yugoslav nationalities.
The party also saw rising support in phone-based polls, although the swing was lower.
Do the MPs offer one of their own or a party member or do candidates apply themselves and the Parliament votes on them
Besides, people put too much emphasis on national identity, so I'm not too worried about it
Slovenia: english or german; it really depends in which region you live, mine is german because i live near austrian border but students in lets say Ljubljana or Maribor have english
Well, after WW2 our government decided to kill anyone that might had something to do with the faschists
They're just yummy
Pretty sure whoever put them in just did a mix of exYu stuff
Nice
We have two, one is a specific place called Rovte, it exists and is a village in the middle of nowhere
Communist era style fast pace development of underdeveloped area
-Some people believe Serbia is purposely causing us drought and bad weather with HAARP systems
To this day I find those images some of the saddest ever seen.
2 - dve
I think we can all agree tax evasion is bad and has to be abolished, right?
What I was referring to is that for a Slovene everything Slovene is worse than everywhere else.
nooooo the only way is with lard with cracklings.
Federal EU is where my <3 is at
Scotland and NI combined couldn't veto Brexit
Another fun one: *Danka* is both a rectum and a danish woman
I have ancestors who were farmers, but they spoke German and were involved in court so i guess beeing the oldest, I would be excused from the army to work the field
I'm an emancipated woman married to a slightly effeminate man, fitting the ex-yu stereotype like a glove
Ljubljana is quite a bit more expensive than Wroclaw.
All spas/wellness'/health centers here have saunas
A lot of them do pay for themselves
It's only 2km^2 in size, which is about 5 times the size of Vatican and 30 times smaller than San Marino
I don't think I've ever seen anything like that here
Did they close the motorway whenever a boat came by?
Noone wants to go frew Montenegro,those roaaaaaaaads, and who seriously consideres tralwe frew Albania...
The breadbasket of the country
I don't think that the Samurai play the same cultural role in Japan as the figure of the cowboy or the concept of the Wild West play it for the US
I don't know if it's necessary though, because there must be some loopholes to revoke his citizenship, especially since he's a citizen of Poland too.
There's a known user hiding under many different usernames.
They say they are not all that German.
In response to [this.] are two sides to every story.
I don't know how that works though
Thanks to Italian & Balkan influence our food isn't only a copy of those things the poor Germans/Austrians eat.
And we would still be under the austrian boot.
In Slovenia we have *marmelada* which covers everything.
..and our stupid government is in cahoots with PL and HU
I like Stromae from Belgium and Maitre Gims from France.
He was born in Kumrovec present day Croatia, but to many he is still our hero
If Armenia invokes CSTO and Russia sees a need to pacify Turkey, in order to defend its ally, you can bet your burger ass that NATO will be mobilised to defend them
Our languages have accents on different parts of the words, different way we say certain letters etc.
Your 2 party sistem is undemocratic.
We have a similar saying "klin se s klinom zbija".
We calls those korfi in Slovenia
Why couldn't RS just secede without changing its borders?
Understanding people from Prekmurje is just so difficult it's ridiculous, I really appreciate them talking in standard Slovene when around others
Kids going thousands kilometers from home to study
Gorenjska - jokes about stingy people
I was watching lasagna recipe on YouTube.
We're close too, it's a few hours by train from Zagreb to Ljubljana and cheap too.
The latter was much more formal and snobbish.
There's a dinner after, with meat from the pig, [roasted pig liver] is the main dish.
Have you seen your pressident elect and the video and news coming out of the 🇺🇸
They're traditional in Cerkno region.
One of the biggest flaws of our school system and curriculum is that we learn very little of our own history.
The exception were those of us who chose history for our *matura* (*Abitur*)
Fun fact: Belgian parents named their daughter Ljubljana a few years ago.
Maybe also a less retarded European Commission
I'm guessing most people don't really care
No, the one movie I watched was just boring.
This is what I was talking about, indeed.
A tale of Nokia is a tale of suicide by incompetence
They will be opening one in Ljubljana.
Seems kinda disingenuous
Not really
A lot of them were Nazi supporters, but many were dragged in all of this
I actually met them in three versions - Puffi, Štrumpfovi and Smrkci, in that order.
Some communism lovers also freak out when anyone addressees them with "гражданин" and reply that they are "товарищ".
It's only been 4 months to the new year
Lots of greenery and walking zones
It’s a composite of med- (honey) and esti (to eat)
A lot of people here don't and study obscure courses, end up without a job in their field and blame the world for it
Girl Scouts - Skavti, are basically Boy Scouts, but openly Catholic
Flies
Good luck guys
It has a submarine, fighter planes, tanks, apcs, guns, trucks and other ww2 stuff
an hour by bus or bike or 20minutes by car
It's a tough time for us right now
West and south slavs don't drink that at all
Garlic bread
I hope you realize your comment is a complete waste of bandwidth.
Beautiful instrument
I was immediately able to get an apartment in the city I lived in.
At work, we have jura impressa f50 and the coffee it makes tastes worse than the one from a moka pot to me.
It is, but after the break up of Austria-Hungary, [Duchy of Styria] was split between [Austria] and [Slovenia ] at that time)
Shut up you sheltered milenial.
Been there twice, first as a child with my family and second as part of our high school graduation trip through the former Yugoslavia.
You do realise there is a man i front of them, leading them?
Austria, croatia and eastern Germany ofc.
My dad has a chronic illness and I don't want my mum to be bringing viruses to him, so naturally I got dressed and went to buy a damn hose
She was quite horrified since she was expecting an all-girl dorm
Exactly
For last two years, my dentist asked me to come more often to exchange the old fillings that were beggining to lost function
Again
We weren't ussr, but have a fair share of similar buildings.
Well, Croatia is defenitely not Central Europe
A lot of them just sounds made-up
OK so now I know I should not say "sprosti se" to Czech or Slovak when trying to extract them from car crash
Oh, sorry for the misunderstanding
Lel, authonomous region flags dont show up pall XD
Where
Yeah, the difference is that threats from the islamists are more credible.
There is time enough
We have the weather, the food, the wine, the sea, the mountains and a very good quality of life
It's not about rich/working class, as it's pretty equal here and mixed but more about your background and who you hang out with.
The music in this video is the [Alpine folk music] though
Yes
"Pešec čez cesto, v stož'ce, po rož'ce
Europe has been inhabited continuously since ancient times, at least since the Roman Empire has been filled with with a pretty complex entrenchment of civilizations and cultures
But fuck the nonsensical state capitals
In your OP, you're asking about Europe, not the UK.
He also has that loyal 20% that always love him though
All slovene schools have compulsory italian language, but just 3 hours per week, one hour less then slovene and the same amount as english
We had a lot of freedom otherwise.
on - he
Sounds funny, but it works
Honestly alot of them are arrogant
The fact that  nor FRI nor IJS managed to do this speaks for itself
Holland and yankees are both extremely uncommon.
we never had any bad experiance with Russia and USA was pretty agressive in the last 25 years.
We don't use Spanish ones, but we use Italian ones for certain card games like briškola (briscola)
I also visit friends and family scattered around a few times a year.
Yeah
I was under the impression that devolution means that Westminster yields some of the power to the parliaments of NI, Scotland, and Wales
Intra-EU migration is supported almost all around europe, while most see exterior migration as something negative...
Wanna trade with Slovenia
We have our own way to deal with it
Volkswagen cars are quite popular here.
It's kinda going to shits, if you ask me
Wow, that was so sweet, yes many people kinda know how to speak Croatian, because of Yugoslavia, my generation (after 1991) don't really know the language that well, we do have plenty of Bosnians here who really like to talk loudly in public spaces, meaning i do get to learn some words, there isn't a sentence they say, without a curse word lol
In general, I sometimes 'lose' words in either Slovene or English
We also have one for dual (when referring to two people) which is different than the plural form
I would vote for the republicans because they may not be the perfect choice but closest to my views of the two.
* Scotland counts you know ;-)
My point is, predominantly Christian countries came up with women's rights despite the religion being as misogynist as Islam.
I am not sure they can move it but they can and will remove it here so you might as well post it there yourself.
While Musilino forced the king to give him goverment assembely mandate
But seriously, why the fuck didn't they do to Japan the same thing they did to China?
Quack
So I think it's a fair guess that is in fact Amsterdam.
How many of you know that  a few months ago we had to start up and disrupt normal operations of our power plants to "save" Germany or they would have been without power
I wouldn't say there are any notable movements in Slovenia, that people would actually take seriously.
Then you have like slovenian, and most of southeast countries come from similar grounds (Russian)
Edit: idk if you get those extra 80€ if you live in a dorm as well or only if you rent a private room
▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
All villages around the city look sad as fuck.
People here also 'move out' for univesity, but we don't call that moving out
Our student housing is subsidized, if you stay in a student dorm you pay around 70€ or even less
Zoran Jankovič? He stole lke 25 millions
but what has it done for me
Everything in my room was shaking
Seven Years' War took over a million lives and ravaged Europe for a decade.
and the state of our neutrality during WW2 sometimes being brought up as a comparison to a more contemporary situation
Small city: 20k
This city is great
>I think it depends on the school
Lepen is actually a little bit intimidating.
Bratranec (male) and sestrična (woman) are both cousin in English
Lovely little town, though
He is a known crybaby, this dutchi
The phrase was used to distinguish the Flemish from French but that was supposed to have happened before the battle
They represent the highest authority in this field in Slovenia.
Up with Castille, down with Aragon
Denmark can deny anyone entry if they are not at life danger.
Germany -> Nemčija (land of mutes)
You should have included it in the title, though.
Also Salzburg has only been part of Austria for 200 years so I don't know why it is relevant, it never made up historic Austria
I am pretty sure that kind of porn is illegal in the UK
At least not that I would know of.
Unfortunately while you won't see many stray cats in the city, there are plenty in the countryside and even semi-rural places
Ilegal imigrants from a nother country start a war USA comes in to help them.
In Slovenia, having to commute more than 20 minutes is considered cruel and unusual punishment
Actualy they turned bac because it was too hot andnwent back north.
I've never heard her speak Slovene.
It's good
Depends which crater they build in.
Why are you assuming it was really just the cream?
But the Valencian regional government is made up of Socialists and other left wing groups.
I've been planning to visit this place ever since I've read All The Light We Cannot See.
Not widely spoken, but still written down semi-regularly.
Well, sure except that there are male -a nouns, and non-a female nouns, most notably those ending in -ev, but not exceptions like "spev" song, "hlev" - barn and "lev" - lion.
Bulletproof legal system in a month in all Slavic countries
Even the noble realized that there was no way to save his daughter, Marjetica
Nice list
And there is a bunch of [motorway signs ] it all around Ljubljana
Was walking through the woods and a deer was in midst of my path.
While I'm sure there has been some mixing between Russians and the native population, most have been settled there from European Russia.
I don't like our fleg and would love it changed.
I also felt another one around 7:02
Seriously our DeSUS party is basically an advocate to keep the pensions *at least* where they are and rising with inflation.
I walk around my neighbourhood and all I hear is this music comming from the bars.
Flaša - Flasche - bottle
Pederi
Cro/Srb/Bos - 90%+ understandable
thanks for reminding me
EU is going to be divided on every single issue even when UK leaves.
My friend that worked in a hotel said they take everything they can from a hotel room, even lightbulbs.
I have a happy gap in knowledge of any texts in between the two
I think Slovenian is more common, I usually use Slovene but I really don't care what other people use.
They don't want to attack anyone less important and safer, like Belarus.
Maybe, but he was asking about a home expresso machine that is more on the affordable side of the market.
They use tons of antibiotics in their meat.
I believed we were only in Singapore until later when I saw the date and place under the family photos on the travels) are something I always something I associate with Singapore
Imperial mesurments, and degrees F.
Slpvenia is a parlamentary republoc in order to prevent the left from always havin power (see disolution of Yugoslavia)
You only have vocational schools now?
Most people don't care enough about this to go and vote.
What about "Dnevnik Diane Budisavljević"? Didn't it get Big Golden Arena for Best Film this year in Pula
Saying you hate something, is not hate speech at all.
Why wouldn't they be
Especialy cuz we already use short "Češka" in Slovene
Ljubljana is a lot more gorenjska than dolenjska
No need if we get a land corridor :D.
Government should be the voice of the people but it's not
Koliko vem je Ljubljana edino mesto pri nas z danskim modelom.
Quick, what's better: Slovenija or Slovensko?
I think the most well-known one is about "King Mathias" (Matjaž), who was a benevolent ruler and is now sleeping under a mountain Peca, and one day he'll wake up and continue his reign
Minimum salary here right now is around 940 € gross, and healthcare for that salary is around 60 €/month
I heard Barron - her and Donald's son - speaks Slovene, though.
But trying to act like this sub is moderate is laughable.
And with Austria as the main power instead of EUs Germany.
Some commentators begged them to do it
I think that will be enough of a motivation for Socialist voters to vote Fillon.
\*happily looking at map to find Maribor under developed regions\*
Every guy that will stab you over a drink?
Am convinced you're just a troll lmao
> Millions of men have been willing to fight and die and kill for their national and religious identities, but I have yet to encounter a man willing to do so for something as nebulous as Europe
Shame ... what they did with this brexit
I think Spanish should become the de facto 'third language' of the European Union,
Hold on
In the 1990's we had a populist candidate [Ivan Kramberger] that was getting pretty popular and was widely considered a good if very eccentric man (he traveled with his monkey, sometimes went barefoot, drove an old timer car, had long hair).
It doesn't excuse him being an idiot though.
99% of the time the answer is yes
But he sold millions of copies.
Far eastern part, by the border with Hungary, has such a different dialect that we need subtitles to understand them.
somewhere in russia/ukraine or something an architect was hired to create high rise blocks for gypsies to live FREE in.
Are ski jumpers like Janne Ahonen and Matti Hautamäki popular in Finland?
But don't we say *kraljica Elizabeta*?
Make whatever you want of that
Wes have the kind of diplomacy Esern Europe has.
This is when a mother should enter the stage and smack you
If they wanted protection from war turkey would sufice, grece even if you feel the turks are bad to you...
Sometimes when I drive around the country, I really wonder where people in some more remote regions work
Limka/buraz - vapid, superficial girls & boys, usually highschoolers but sometimes young adults aswell
Make no mistake; our native tongue is our true fatherland."
You wouldn't happen to have a source for this
They are ugly, but they don't take ugliness away from some of our cities :/
And it will last you longer and it required less work put in and les transport, reducing carbon emisions.
François Fillon: international law trampeled in Kosovo [translation in comments]
It seems like you are travelling trough Slovenia already, so I can recommend spending a night or two in Ljubljana.
Did you mean prekmurska, not primorska
And let's not forget that the huge, huuuge majority of these people have zero interest in doing anything anti-German, but are instead normal, functioning members of society.
Well but that's not really a stereotype.
then i fear the world needs better standards of education
That's all correct, but if you can't hear those distinctions, they may as well not exist
Yea but you could say it more politely "bogu za hrbtom", behind God's back
As a tall man, I find this to be an effective method for head scratching
Also, murder is a criminal act.
After a few days with perfect sunshine and temperatures close to 30°C, we had miserable weather yesterday with loads of rain and temperatures of around 16°C. Didn't feel like Summer at all
I visited in 2003, went from Miami to New york.
BEHEAD BRITISH SOLDIERS AND BOMB LONDON
lol, your gf is bullshitting you.
I don't want you to protest and suffer.
They sided with the transnistrian rebers cuz apparently that was the only logical thing to do.
In that case, most of us are horrible.
So a question to make sure Im correct
Italians really need to learn to build their towers right
If the Us puts rockets in northern Ukraine then you are finished
Handicrafts meaning making stuff out of wood, metal,... technical drawings, electricity
I don't see a problem with the monarchy actually
I live in an area not greatly affected but I have never seen anything like it.
..and our stupid government is in cahoots with PL and HU
I heard from people there, that relations are still shitty.
Deer eat everything in our garden so they're not loved.
And yep, baked products and fruits and veggies are good
Flajšmašina yes, vešmašina no
Everybody speaks their local dialect/regional language, Slovenian, English and a mix of Serbian/Croatian/Bosnian
They would have made Ljubljana a separate region if that would mean more money
At least that's how they served me the only one I ever ate
But
No idea, but I'd say quite a lot.
Slovenia's history was basically having been almost completely assimilated mostly by Austria to the point of being 90% identical
Ja natürlich we can
I'm thinking about engaging those that usually don't find establishement politics or policy palatable,
Reinhard pounds Ana's ancient ass with his MASSIVE hammer, but Bastion still gets the PotG.
I'm entirely prepared to go out in any cold we get here (it's rarely below -20), but the reasons for it must get exponentially better the colder it is
Here we do swear a lot but we're very conscious of the subtext, noone gets offended just by the words themselves, there has to be intent behind it.
After the class there's an exam which is organized on the national level.
Otherwise it was popular just among the fans.
Bizarrely, this works in Slovenian as well:
Maybe borovničevec, which is schnapps with bluebberies
Because you blame anything bad on the top goverment.
They are getting way more popular now because summers are getting way hotter.
Holy does not counter another holy
), and since this region was quite cut off from the rest of Slovenia for most, a visit to the regional museum in Murska Sobota castle might be interesting
I don't judge the people for not being able to care for the animals but it is so sad and I hope it gets better
Wait aren't you in Argentina
What does google hopentonacheve with this PR propaganda pece?
Ethnic purety keeps pece in countries, particuralery the balcans.
Oh yes I always prefer non-salty water
Bosnians can also be called Švedi (Swedes - don't ask).
Although dangeruous in some parts because of falling rocks
Do you even know what they are doing?
But it hasn't been demolished yet, probably because of its historic importance
I'll do Croatia
It would just remove the need to work to live.
I doubt any European would experience culture shock visiting any EU country.
Its better for them to watch football not eggball.
Glej jst sem iz Posavje in tukaj je takšnih in drugačnih ljudi, ampak velika večina je povsem normalnih ljudi
Yes I know that, I was just commenting that having a National Insurance number is not a proof of being resident in the UK and being an EU citizen, as u/PRigby wrote above.
I am not claiming that the banks will move to Frankfurt or any other city.
Ridiculous
I've decided to replay the Mass Effect trilogy.
If you asked me what the difference is, I wouldn't be able to tell you and if you speak one you speak the other
How are they perceived in Ireland though?
is you still a fan
He doesn't care about snacks, he doesn't care about toys, all he cares about is sniffing around.
I for one come from westernmost part of slovenia, do our dialect includes a lot of Italian, Friulian and German words
Isn't that ignoring the social deprivation, the real human cost, which goes along with them?
And of course lying destroys newspapers integrity, even if it is about things that are not integral to the story.
Month
quadrillion = bilijarda
Sorry, I didn't read your full OP, now I feel like a bimbo.
Good effort
Lmao, we have May 1st and 2nd as a May day holiday
But neither of those connect people culturally and emotionally.
Well, we did recently have that guy who beat somebody up to death and streamed it live, so...
Fuck all, that's what
Don't know what it's like now
If you have a 50% stake in a company then have a 50% percent in its expenses or in this case, radioactive waste
In my area maybe also Jager
What happened to the decimal week?
I forsee the same status quo as now until a new economic crisis hits and finally shakes politicians minds enough to make reforms that are long  overdue
That being said, I would love it but I don't expect people to for a second give up on trivial fun for others' lives
It is just an extra book that is often not very good at all and many teachers almost didn't use it even though we had to buy it as a part of our lessons
***Pikčasta ptička v pikčasti kletki*** A spotted bird in a spotted cage, but if they say it wrong, and they almost all do, you get a Cunt bird in a cunt cage
I don't know enough about Finnish school system and needs of other countries.
Everything you wrote is pretty much on point, except that I never met those 'arrogant' Ljubljana people everyone on the internet talks about
Sorry for maybe wrong words, am trying lol
it mostly depends if the university has an bilateral agreement signed.
Because their programme was way to similar to Boy scouts WOSM didn't allow them to join, they only allow organisation with different programmes to join, they've joined the WAGGGS which stands for World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts, that's why they're technically Girl scouts
After all, they enjoy much higher bargaining power - if they all quit their jobs at public hospitals, the system collapses
Debeli četrtek, though our donuts (krofi) are covered with powdered sugar, rather than glazed, typically
Chan was flown to the hospital and was in surgery eight hours later.
I suppose theer's Slovenes who use one of those two languages in their life outside school.
And 4th day after opening is on a limit as well
The word "čmrlj" (bumblebee) in Slovenian usually trips up foreigners, because it seems to have no vowels, but in reality it's pronounced as čmǝrǝl (colloquially sometimes čmǝru), and 2-consonant-clusters aren't anything special for Italian either (e.g. "st" in "stazione")
I think here in Slovenia, when couple is arguing, it is quite similar to Albania, man has the last word, although here the last word is "Yes dear"
Yes of course, it is how the system is designed and supposed to work.
But in rural districts, picture that silence when a suspicious character enters a bar in a movie
Its interesting to see who goes to help what russians.
Dormice were also popular for their furs here back in the day.
Lunch is also provided in school, there's 5 menus each day
But other companies sell by regions.
Greed and power go hand in hand
Ljubljana
Splinter Cell would have nothing on it.
No one would bat an eye or be surprised hearing you ate those kinds of meat
I'm all for it, I love Europe and people who live here, but there isn't nearly enough people who think this way
How could you get it back if you never had it to begin with
You're not dumb, you just don't understand what it means to have freadom of speech
Though girls of certain extractions seem to do it all the time and not so long ago I witnessed it between two guys.
Yes they are less than 5 km apart
Dialects and dialect groups that are geographically close are usually mutually intelligible but still sound distinct
Can't they arrest them for scamming people?
There are also bilingual schools with Slovenian as language of instruction in Hungary, Austria and Italy
He's quite right, to be honest.
-Your absolutely gorgeous architecture and incredible development that resembles what a modern city should look like
And the appels that have to be destroyes by the state in Slovenia, those are just insignificant.
Our state media does not have a mobile friendly website.
Poppi F
There is no mystery to it
There aint anything like these down here
Anyway there is a considerable number of ethnic Albanians living in Montenegro.
I have a feeling we're the only country without stag parties.
He's British, they used to deal with their bandits by making them Aborigines' problem.
Don't kill me
It is not perfect but at least I always find it after parking it on the street for a few hours :D
Sorry for going down the memory lane, but that's to me probably the best part of being a scout
Otherwise I prefer sports like biking, hiking and skiing.
Younger people (as in 1990ish+) dont really care.
Tako, da bodo tile odpadki še 20 let 100% v naši lasti
Nice list
Bread with ham, salami, cheese or some kind of spread is what we eat for breakfast.
The appartment above me has 3-10 roma people living in it (no one actually knows how many)
The regime in Yugoslavia wasn't nearly as oppressive as the regime in USSR and satellite states
Okay, what I mean is this, for example: I commute by car pool sharing regularly.
I was listening to Peste Noir, and while I don't agree with Famine's political leaning I really like his music
Quail eggs are quite popular though
Damit dieser Hottentottenstottertrottelmutterbeutelrattenlattengitterwetterkotterattentäter
They have everything you said with the exception of tacos for some reason.
The rappers for France are so stereotypical.
More like the higher the delta-average-salary between the tourist's own country and the target country, the more the tourist expects the locals to accommodate them
Stepping on a wet spot is horrible.
I traveled around Japan for three months and nothing really shocked me.
I do know it's an underdeveloped region but it was still surprising to me.
I just know we had those old US cartoons like Tom and Jerry and others.
Tallest buildings in Europe by country [x-posr from /r/MapPorn]
The PM is insulting the protesters, trying to minimise their numbers and so on
To the people saying Russia is devoid of rights of freedom to expression, that it is being repressive to the opposition etc.
Nothing special, really
Congratulations from all sides
I'd also bet it's reasonably common in Slavic countries (at least in the South Slavic ones)
will increase until all Hell breaks loose
Here we also learn about equality at home, accidents that can happen at home, hygene, ecology, money, clothes, shopping and of course about cooking and cleaning
If you cross the border driver's license is not valid and you must have passport/ID
Every year
Maybe I'm retarded but that's the feeling I got in the last few months on Reddit, especially in this sub.
Especially Society must be defended is incredibly contemporary for the modern age of re-emerging nationalism, racism and violence within and without societies.
You're too lazy to follow basic rules of grammar or spelling
We should just all bow to the Phoenicians.
Putin own he american election :D
Also holocaust being a myth or being exaggerated is very prevalent line of thinking in Middle east.
At some point we were second I think after Finland or something
Edit: Have just googled it
Could you share your edit, please
I think it has a lot to do with their media and how dramatic americans are
Quran, the holy book of Muslims, contains some verses that can be interpreted as expressing very negative views of some Jews.
We have [roasted livers] as well.
Meanwhile, we are still arguing whether wind farms would kill all of our birds.
Although generally speaking, i'd say anything above 35° is very hot, 30° - 34° is hot, 26° - 29° is warm, 20° - 25° is nice and perfect, 16° - 19° is also very nice (just not t-shirt and shorts kind of nice), 10° - 15° is chilly, 1° - 9° is cold, and -9° to 0° is very cold
I think it sounds quite a bit different.
In high school we had lockers but we had to share with another person
you can pay an additional "voluntary insurance". However basically everybody pays it so it is more or less involuntary as it covers a vast amount of additional charges
I still remember that I almost died laughing when my boss told him one day: "If wehrmacht had people like you leading, the only way they'd reach Istanbul would be with the index finger on the map
What reason would that be
Apart from that, the only dangerous animal is the bear but even they just mind their own business if you're just a bit careful
For example Italian revisionism and "we were victims
If a question is only concerning one country, it should be asked under their respective subreddit.
* [Gumitvist/elastic game/Chinese rope jump] was one of the most popular games.
sestre - 3 sisters
Slovenia as well
Well done
i'm more appaled by some poles having such a hissy fit over it that right wing politicians came out to say how 0 poles ever colaborated with the nazis or had no hand in rounding up jews
Cifra ali grb - coat of arms or number.
der die Beutelratte wiederbrächte, eine Fangprämie
>Czechia is a nice name
The last one is just straight up awesome lol
So is the European solution to simply segregate them?
000 people
How can someone not hear of Moldova?
Has anyone noticed how this isn't actually a functional guillotine
Younger generation needs to rise up and take these sits if we want to improve something
However, i do have at hand the data about the birth and death rate for Slovenia between the years 1857 and 1910, as well as the population of Slovenia for both of those years , from which it is not hard to calculate what the increase of the population would be if there was no emigration
It isn't on, I was dissappointed
Oh and you know that very well, as do every muslim living in the world.
intentional homicide rate: 0
But, why on Earth would a german go to Czekia for work?
That's funny, because Slovenians shop in Austria.
Did you mean "Resistance is futile"? Or am I missing your point
There is the Markovec highway tunnel, actually in Koper, my hometown
They prepared beds in hospitals for them so they don't have to leave and possibly infect others
Doesn't matter, the referendum would be held in Switzerland anyway.
Often time when people from that area are interviewed on TV, I just think they speak Croatian.
Can't describe its taste with any words that I know, but soooo tasty.
No, it's not a thing in Styria but it's most probably true :p
I love your language
We have 7 big dialect groups, all with distinct accents, that can differ not only between dialect groups but sometimes also between neighbouring towns
I believe in both
Maybe because you don't know what happened to a child until the child returns?
At least someeuropeans leders know what is right.
I mean you kinda did lose a war.......
Source: general population using these products.
Can be standardized in a few years id the political will is there.
I was in Dubrovnik just a couple of days ago
lol, as a 🇪🇺 cityzen i believe everione should dislike 🇬🇧 for all their optouts and all the othe shit they did.
Most people to this day don't know what happened
maybe even slightly less in the future
Too bad
I really don't know why anyone would assume I'm stupid.
We have between 7 and 52, depending on who you ask
I remember as a kid there was a Bosnian stand that sold fruits and veggies in my neighbourhood but it closed.
I guess they're not CRINGE W*sterners anymore, welcome based chads
He made his money by improving some part of a dialysis machine and then went and distributed a lot of that money amongst the poor and invested in our hospitals.
Če bi ti vejo kaj sn vse sposobn bi mel malo več rešpekta
Hahah, I guess it could be seen as such to a foreigner but here it is something completely normal.
Thanks
We had [this kind of] closed wardrobes, and never had lid desks
Sadly he's the only one anyone outside the Balkans know
The last group also tends to correlate with low/no education and poverty
Since we know the Nazis would never go back on their word
The penalties included informal criticism, 'hard labour', and in some cases, execution
Private tutors normally just help students with bad grades and are normally just some university students or older students from higher classes
Croatia's birthday is 25 June (we're twins!), it got its birth certificate on 8 October, it was baptized on 13 January and a baby shower was organized on 15 January.
Stop giving him false hope, you monster.
- Prekmurje: Totally non-understandable accent, poor, nobody knows what is going on there, they are also called "Hungarians".
They should be banned in the whol EU, sail and growing of GMOs that is
Absolutely, especially compared to this [monstrosity]
Also amazing history, tradition and just the huge scale of everything
Anytime we reference two of something, there's a slightly different word for it
Northen Ireland is in a Union, as is Croatia.
It was legalized under Kenin, banned under Stalin and legalized again under Khrushchev
The last group also tends to correlate with low/no education and poverty
Does that make ma Croatian
We've been conquered so many times we might as well have a revolving door on our borders.
Student dorms on the coast are owned by University of Primorska.
I also can't imagine the various 'Stans or Turkey attack Russia/Europe, because if they should lose, there's a good chance Russia would steamroll them on purpose and Europe might even support Russia there on principle, since nobody likes being stabbed in the back
Sub of fools
Minimum salary here right now is around 940 € gross, and healthcare for that salary is around 60 €/month
Our lowest banknote was worth €0.04 :)
Numerous football players in our national team (not that that's an achievement), one of them just signed for MLS.
The whole place stinks of food and old
I'd put Goriška Brda as the most *charming*.
hahaha I though of her as well.
Screw this, screw EU
It's among top 500 in the world.
Freedom of expression, human rights
we pronounce words exactly like how they are written
Maybe a natinalist Austria
Same goes for Moldova and northern part of Ukraine.
Sadjevec
I think that's because he might face death penalty and EU countries don't extradite people for such crimes
Some Spaniards were sure present
As for Balkans - that makes more sense even though it's kind of like being a child of a black and a white parent - not really one or the other but almost always considered black, so it's begrudgingly accepted, but then in most contexts the things that are said about the Balkans don't really apply
-ič
I have no idea what I'm looking at
And nevoščljivost which means you feel the other person doesnt deserve what they have/wish they didnt have it
It's always "the guys who raided us" or "the guys who enslaved hundreds of thousands of our people" and so on
They're delivered by companies you buy it from
And that is why we always laught at some spam email that was auto translated
Might as well call it the Broken Empire of Europe
Is it the people or the land you want to shake off
I kinda wish there wouldn't be.
The putting up celebration is organised by family and friends and removing celebration by whoever it was put up for
This isn't a population density map.
A lot of my friends that moved to Slovenia have trouble picking up language because so many people have no problem just immediately switching to english.
He's a populist and a liar who preys on the uneducated.
Because that "joy" bring misery to so many others
Lake Jasna Slovenia
Slovenian as such is basically the lingua franca of Slovenia
If we do have to go to school right away, I'd put a high chance of other precautions being taken (similar to precautions we had right before schools closed down: hand washing, disinfection & masks)
The official cause of death is that he died of disease, but some people speculate he was murdered by some government officials because he said some weird things about slovenian nation and some higher ups didn't like it and got rid of him
Can anyone tell me why we didnt conpet?
Everything on POP TV (slovenian wannabe NBC/ABC/FOX,...
Yes, absolutely, you really can’t do anything with knowing only slovenian, as it is spoken in one country, by 2 million people, and a 2 hour drive in any direction will land you in another country
But he's also not a stranger to corruption and other shady deals
Not total, we can leave the house freely, but we're asked not to hang around public places so Lj is deserted
I am aware that many people don't observe these traditions anymore.
-10 to 0 not really cold but I'll wear a coat, coats are cool
I was not that long ago
Similarly bad was Milosevic excuse to defend Serbs in Republica Srbska in Bosnia, but when he realised they don't care for him, that they have their local politicians and aligences, Slobo pulled all support and let them rot
#tinamaze
They were used as summer cottages for cow shepherds.
Go search for a map of standard of living if you want that.
I've heard of us being lazy but more than anything we look down upon all others
Russia's previous control is the one "argument" the vast majority of people throws around (even though it's also explicitly wrong for a chunk of what they tend to classify as "Eastern Europe")
We have a mediterranean and a continental temperate climate
But is it wrong for me to say that I would prefer not to have roma neighbors since they literally threatened to beat me up over a fuckin parking spot
It was in 2012 and thank god it improved for us since then, but I'm still reminded sometimes
I think Americans consider any restrictions on firearms equivalent to a ban
You do make a big deal of veterans
Welcome to /r/europe
I wonder what was the state of mind of the person who thought of this.
and I thought here shit went down.
30 is halb sieben
That's true, but just the identity is checked - not visas and other permits.
I would say stray cats are more common but more in the countryside
I need to save time walking to the station
Also keeping "grammar school" for Grammar Nazi jokes
Not trying to be mean or anything just curious
Large scale they redo the election.
Also seem to get really good with any and all russians I have met.
Probably because historically guests with flags liked to party so hard, they like literally set roofs on fire.
I don't remember Eurokrem from when I was a kid but all chocolate spreads were called 'eurokrem'. We had Viki krema, with a little Indian
Sounds exactly like the Union vs Laško debate in Slovenia
3 stoli
What else is there to say
A lot of time
Still, this whole situation with the journalist seems too suspicious
I was recently watching the (excellent) BBC "Planet Earth II" series, and had a minor fit every time the commentary used imperial units (feet, inches, pounds).
I for one come from westernmost part of slovenia, do our dialect includes a lot of Italian, Friulian and German words
It's just a simple geographial feature.
For the time being, you can move there with no problems.
Wait, we might get SDS back again and be extra stupid together!
Especially the Brits, they always get pissed off when you point out that they played a minor role in defeating the Nazis compared to the Soviet Union.
So they used illegal immigrants to take away decent Romans jobs?
(The first one that popped into my mind)
Hell I forgot about this religion sentiment, that is pretty genius that it can be interpreted either way
Avio I
Now that we are in a civilized subreddit, I think all should be fine
I don't think it's uniquely an English thing
But not if it's hanging on your curtains!
That sounds like Prekmurščina with the ü's and long e's.
If he has to come, then I'd implement an idea I saw a few months ago - don't acknowledge him, don't give him attention, act like he's not even here.
Thank you Ivan Janša, very cool
You would be just another weirdo on a bus.
r/fellowkids
It's even hard to find a good one elsewhere in Slovenia, much less abroad
We don't have Starbucks, Dunkin' Donuts, KFC, Starbucks.
Been absolutely thrilled when a foreigner tried to speak Slovene (and butchered it royally)
That is probably actually the reason for most of the anti-German sentiment in Slovenia
Some historical very strong empires and kingdoms were located there, of which we learned quite few things at school, even if they had quite an influence on us
Also, new undergound garages were and will be build near city center
And if you'd know their names, what would you do?
Males are neutered even less frequently
If people actualy used it, than it would catch on.
We don't even understand them when they talk.
21 - **ena**in**dva**jset (lit
Happens to me all the time when I'm travelling, but I find it somehow amusing
We only have one, the [Triglav national park] but also a regional park and unesco site [Škocjan caves]
My village, then Upper Carniola and then Slovenia.
It just means they act in their own self-interest FIRST, which is normal and expected
Some people in some regions also still eat [edible dormouse stew] which is a dish from Roman times
I say, that would be a stretch ...
Hang in there, Hungary
Yes, 78% of Slovenia is considered mountainous
pet - five
French, Italian, Portugese, Greek and Russian for me.
Though, I must say that pro-Trump tweeting blew up spectacularly with the Capitol debacle :-D
You refuzed to be in schengen.....
Netherlands -> Nizozemska (the low land)
No way
Watermelon concrete trucks in Ljubljana, Slovenia
🇦🇺 is the promissed land, everione goes there.
Our parlament voted on it twice...
It is close to home and it has similar culture
Ruoti I
Now thanks to the EU the language thing is pretty much the only thing you have to worry about.
Austria over Switzerland every day of the week
It rarely happens but if it does, agree, nod or somthing and get the hell out.
The curent Russian pece keeping mission was not there when they gained their independance.
But I don't travel much inside Slovenia, so I don't really get to listen much to other dialects
It looks like there's two of them
It gets really pricy
Does it exist online
Just be a Czech and occupy it for the whole summer.
I am not really living in an old city, but my house was built around 1650 (at least the 'new' part, the old part was there at least 200 years prior) and the municipality we belong to, is basically just one ancient house after another (houses were mostly built in 15th to 18th century)
Even with a minimum wage and 5 children with an unenployed husband somewhere in the *south*?
and you get a Norwegian for free!
Having an EU army would solve that nicely.
Southern part of Slovenia has most of our bear population so it is a little dangerous walking in forests especialy in mating season or when cubs are young
Albanians are famous for their [blood feuds]
Parona I
A monthly fee that will be paid to the author.
We only get a few cm of snow every 2 or 3 years- and even then it only lasts a day before it all melts :)
Janša is highly corrupt and buds with Orban, fortunately he has plenty of opposition
Source: picture
I grew up with a group of friends that I had because my parents and their friends had kids at approximately the same time
The most lebanese of german towns: Duisburg
As for Syria, of course they're there - they're allies
I guess it's the same as in Austria then
We are thought about it in schools but you just learn somehow
Yes such good
well
They have a tendance to elect shitty mayors which keep them behind economically, ending up entrenching the being 2nd complex
Or is it the same set
trillion = bilijon
Careful there, you're reaching the Australian level of banter.
A lot of them just sounds made-up
Because most European countries are generally more reserved
I know I would use the word "kurba" like that in my own language.
It is possible to approximate any desired function mapping incomes to tax rates to an acceptable degree using a reasonable number of tax brackets, so I'd say tax brackets do the job pretty well.
Germany was part of Holy Roman Empire
Wut
We're one messy place
It is very rare (mostly when the current dynasty dies out)
Perhaps that's why we also have way less school bullying than you do.
:((
Apparently you had it as well until
Guess I'm Dutch
Bosniaks themselves are quite mad about what arabs are doing in their home country.
There is no such thing as Balkan culture anyway.
They just send them sick to school/kindergarten after those 3 days
Not just the old flag, the old regime as well
Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Greece, Cyprus, Montenegro, Kosovo, Slovenia, Austria, Slovakia, Germany, Italy, San Marino, Vatican, Malta, Portugal, Spain, Andorra, Monaco, France, Belgium, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Ireland all use only Euro and for the sake of simplicity I'd exchange into Euros.
Perfect
I think its very hot when its 27°C, my ideal temperature is 15°C
I'd add "Pekarna" (The Bakery) in Maribor
Switch Melania with some other random woman and it would be trending as well.
[Točno prije godinu dana] smo imali s njime improvizirani AMA, pa pogledaj.
> Generic guide book be like
> So almost like brothers
Those are my safest choices usually.
Alcohol is almost or even just as bad as cigarettes, and I bet most of the people who said cigarettes should be illegal drink alcohol but wouldn't want it to be illegal
They are incapable of aceleration.
It's a mess and those of us who see both sides are enemy of all
If snow isn't for you, feel free to visit during summer.
Everybody forgets to bless their printers, that's why they always turn to evil
We would still go to Austria to ski when visiting, because
Yes, we have a [Jeruzalem] and a [Rim] (which is the name of Rome in Slovenian) - though the latter is not outside Europe.
Also, if you're into "energies", there's Lake Bukovnica that's supposedly quite decent energy-wise, and there's the Grad Castle, which is an interesting one to check out
/r/europe is doing bridges now?
However, there's two more that I can think of, Munich and Cologne which in the past were called Monakovo and Kelmorajn, respectively
[this little tourist info center] got some international award
Throughout the 19th and 20th century, the struggle was to provide a country for the Slovene nation and the survival of the latter.
It was funny cuz we had a german exam the next day
I'm not sure I want to buy anything from them :)
Having visited all of them bar one, I'm inclined to agree...
I'd call it as Mercator/Spar - Aldi(Hofer) - Lidl - Eurospin
As /u/liliputput has said, one is scheduled to open in Ljubljana next year if I'm not mistaken.
If you don't mind, I'd like to read your version of the text
Tongue in cheek obviously, but not far from the truth ;)
By that logic, Europeans in general are owed A LOT more
I live in central Slovenia, Zasavje and I'd shift your whole scale 5 degrees downward for me
Make sure your car is not higher than 1,3m on the front axis*.
Have the protests accomplished anything
The anti-lgbt community played the 'adopted children' card (can't grow up to be normal or something like that) and won the majority vote.
+ not getting the doctors approval for a specialist appointment, because it costs money, and your condition hasn't deteriorated so far to make it necessary, of course once it has progressed enough, you are further delayed by longer waiting lines, before you actually reach the specialist it may be too late (cancer) or you have permanent damage despite the procedure
You are not a christian democrat.
I genuinely wonder what would their opinion be on permanently stationing NATO troops inside their country.
It was funny
- Charlemagne = Karel Veliki
For a small and historically oppressed nation like ourselves every small thing holds a great importance.
I think you mean [Inequality-adjusted HDI]#2014_Inequality-adjusted_HDI_.28IHDI.29_.282015_report.29.5B6.5D)
We do have MP but they have almost no jurestiction over civilians, only military
Nicely sumed up
And I know quite a lof of people
[Prekmurje] is quite distinct from the rest of Slovenia in pretty much every way
Wow, I never thought people could be butthurt because they may not be the tallest.
And yet I didn't wake up
But the people of the minority mostly tend to adapt to the majority, sadly
Great city, but fuck me are the guys, who announce stripper clubs, annoying.
There is no stand alone Eau cityzenship.
He was released in early 2000s but UK didn't deport him to Iran as he would be executed there
Statistics show that in crazy numbers.
000€ per month to distribute between your supporters
When they're not drunk, they're pleasant.
The word "čmrlj" (bumblebee) in Slovenian usually trips up foreigners, because it seems to have no vowels, but in reality it's pronounced as čmǝrǝl (colloquially sometimes čmǝru), and 2-consonant-clusters aren't anything special for Italian either (e.g. "st" in "stazione")
To be honest, at least one guy got away with the same answer to an even more painful question in a country with a very long a famous democratic tradition: Britain.
The saying here goes "vsaka vas ima svoj glas".
China didn't force Slovenia with legislative action to sese production of shugar...
Older generations are returning but their offspring don't speak it.
Dcl is just a bigger unit than ml.
with water to make potions and experiments.
It goes scandinavian - other germanic - slav - french - those latin lovers from warm places, no
How do you export tourism
Granted, the Slovene Police puts together the wanted and missing people but I doubt that so many disappear; a lot of them are definitely wanted as they appear in both databases.
Idk, they're not very bright people, all logic fails with them
Like army for example and better border control?
Ahahah, dark, but hilarious :D
I support this 100%
Actual language: Woah, how tf can words like "Vrtec" or "Čmrlj" exist
but I don't know how common it is to really know more than the first line
Bitkeun
I don't know what you're talking about, cause the famous Slovene inventor's name was Miklavž Teslo.
I like Sunquick because it's not as sweet as other syrup.
More family members = higher probabilty they have a pet.
Not really, when 22 have already joined.
Ivan Cankar
Its about beginings of punk in slovenia and strugle of youth in 1980  slovenia
We Slovenes like that it's underrated
we have [these things] In scools you just drink directly from tap.
Austria during the Habsburg years for developing our country, which is still seen in our everyday life
Scotland should go for independence already
- Thank you
I guess I wanna die
holy shit i remember guys like that walking around and sitting in parks when i was really young and living in Limburg
Possibly
Then normally they pack you remains of these food plates
The military museum in Pivka
Today, drkati is exclusively used for male masturbation - jerking off
The far left have a [rather tiny share of the seats]
Ampak tudi če vzameš te podatke in malo posredno sklepaš: regije ki so bolj urbanizirane (recimo lj, maribor, celje, novo mesto) v vseh kategorijah izstopajo navzgor v primerjavi z redko poseljenimi up
Choosing between 2 and 3 is like choosing between supporting global warming and supporting an irrational fear
> Bubble and squeak (England), rumbledethumps (Scotland), colcannon (Ireland)
Unless you count hiking, because that's by far #1.
Well, I don't really feel 'Slovene' but at the same time I don't feel like anything else, really
It's mainly a geographical term
but we should allways be against any censoring of news, even if it fits your views, because it can backfire pretty fast.
ye second one i find funny, but first one is prime trigger material
You should definitely move to Slovenia.
And I think there are subtitles, somewhere.
All the dictators and corrupt officials must go, otherwise the aid will just end up on offshore accounts.
Also, 'trust nothing and no one'.
Ours look a bit different though, judging by google pics.
Change it to Slovakia and change Slovakia to Slovenia
You mean, like, water, from the toilet
I don't know what you're trying to apply, I just thought it's worth a mention since things here usually don't.
The Serbs and Croats threw a tantrum over, because the lilies only represent the Bosniaks, it so it had to be replaced.
Sounds super interesting
I sincerely recommend anyone who finds themselves near Pekarna in Maribor Mon-Fri between 17-19; Wed 9-13 or 17-19; Sat 9-13 to visit Bukvarna Ciproš. It is completely worth it
In my region (Istria) we have jokes sometimes about putting a border on Črni Kal (a village at the Karst edge, the natural border that divides Istria from the rest of Slovenia), but those are just that, jokes
For some that's Zagreb, for others it's Celovec.
Everyone I have ever spoken to understood this except smug Reddit people like you who love posting under a European flag.
2.1 is replacment fertility but 1.9 would mean population would go down really slowly like -1% in 10 years.
- A Minuet for Guitar
On mockup documents, *Ana Vzorec* is usually used.
I'm 1,87/88 (depending on the weather) and I feel puny compared to guys from Gospić.
No no, im talking about the "zrakomlat" and conpany.
Esspecially in europe it probably wouldn't go unnoticed but Hungary is also a member of NATO so I don't know who the NATO would side with
And if it is failing, how is letting everyone else in the club deal with the fallout not a stab in the back?
UBI would just guarantee a basic income regardless of your job, there would still be options to get paid on top of that, especially in stressful and rare professions.
*Far* more
Tam je tudi infrastruktura koliko toliko vredu in število kolesarjev je omembe vredno.
Stol - Stola + Stoli / (one) chair - (two) chairs - (multiple) chairs
Not to mention the US taking on the role of the so-called arsenal of democracy
It's beutiful really
In primary school I remember we had to know the three decisive battles: Stalingrad, El Alamein and Midway (even though it's bullshit)
I save around 5000 to 6000 EUR/year
We don't really have much of anything else tbh :P
What the hell
......brexit logic
Isn't Ramesses II also up there with around 66 years
Hopefully
What we'd need is for the richer countries to help make poorer countries places where people don't want to leave instead of throwing some money at them and attracting all the especially high-skilled workers
Now we know which cunts should never again cross the doorway of the eu parliament
I wonder what would it take for Orban to get defeated
Ok northern Slovenes
Just a bit more perspective:
I'd say don't bother unless you plan to live here for a longer period
After some arguing the guy said that they beat up the guy who lived there before me for the same reasons (implying they could beat me up too)
Unemployed get coverage through assistance for unemployed or through family members or they can pay for it themselves
EU armies dont even come close to Russian army.
With fireworks specifically we only celebrate New Year, but we celebrate Easter with "Pokanje", which just means "banging" or "popping". It's usually done with carbide
Other than that, the trend was for German settlers to move into Slovene lands.
I never expected to see such misery.
It's also one of the most important corridors of critically endangered vultures.
TIL there is a town called Gorizia right next bo Nova Gorica.
Talking of killing or sterilizing thieves and mentally ill people is not to be accepted, if that makes me intolerant ...
Is there anything being done about them?
without an obvious outside enemy.
What's the point of having two names , when usually people with 2 names only use 1
Eggs are always stored in fridge but they are sol in stores outside of them
I have never seen comments as bad as this on r/europe and I have seen a lot of them, especially when to comes to anything involving Russia.
The world would just fall apart.
But we had our own domestic cars that were cheaper and about as (un)reliable
I had the pleasure of hearing and meeting the man in my youth and I can say I sorely miss his idealism and enthusiasm these days.
So we would get quite a good picture.
The Queen has no political power, so you can put the comparison aside with North Korea really.
More specifically the *Institute for the Slovenian language 'Fran Ramovš'*, part of the ZRC (scientific-research centre) of the SAZU.
Whell yes, anshlus, and Heider, and Hitler, did give that impression.
True
Bear in Slovene and Slavic is literally “honey eater”. The -v- is part of an old u-base of the proto-slavic noun mȅdъ (honey)
The only downside is that we would have darkness until about 8
Should and does are 2 different things
[And I just read this today so I still don't know how to feel about this situation] Hilary did a lot of shit to herself, but clearly Trump wasn't an idiot enough if we look at how he treated people during the campaign and the controversial shit he was saying so if that didn't turn tens of millions of people away than I don't know how much those leaks contributed.
Kremlin says Putin-Erdogan meeting is being prepared
Slovenia has that many christians wtf
First thing that comes to my mind are soap operas.
Ljubljana is located on the border between Upper Carniolan (purple) and Lower Carniolan (brown) dialects and it is those two dialects that our standard language is based on.
I remember that the German one tasted much more of nuts than the Polish one.
It's that, if someone was known to be Jewish by their peers, would they be treated differently?
Just like they did Poland in 1945
Yeah, they were issued by all of the Eurozone countries in 2009
Sweden and Germany was a much more desirable location so not many chose to stay here.
The number of homeless, junkies and veterans begging for money or living rough on the streets was astounding to me, mostly because the image the USA projects and reality was so starkly different.
holy shit i remember guys like that walking around and sitting in parks when i was really young and living in Limburg
In Socialist Yugoslavai most of the apartment blpcks ng today were built.
Toilets are a minority right now?
The biggest competition between schools is how well they perform in state exams and different subject competitions.
It would rather be a carmaking centre (Revoz, Adria), but thats about it
thats geopolitics m8, russians dont care if assad Gasses his own people....
Typical Slovenian surnames end with:
Last two winters were quite mild, but during one before that we had serious snow and cold for the whole February
Here they are even supported by the local goverment who have declared themselves independant.
But its taboo and people will think youre weird and stay away if possible.
would you be ok with being our slaves?
Well, it's far from being this extreme, but I agree it's still something you won't bring up, when you meet new people.
At least that part is not too terrible
The it depends how member state will implement it
What ban are you talking about?
A site that sloppy with their data isn't really good imho, no matter their popularity.
Italy/Rome
In my experience young people who moved because of study or job they sometimes don't know how to label themselves so they're just Europeans.
Historically everything south of Lj grad was said to be dolenjska (Vič, Rudnik), the rest was gorenjska (Šiška, Bežigrad, Jarše, even Polje)
Seriously
But that's not what OP is talking about.
We start swimming lessons in kindergarten (4-5 year old groups).
What time of the year is this festival going on?
Living at home for long periods of time, proper healthcare, indoor smoking, public drinking, traditional music, tiny shitty cars
We have plenty of non-Slovene gypsies doing the same thing here.
I heard Hogwarts is nice in this time of year.
It takes some getting used to, but generally it works
Some of them, who didn't want to move also joined Slovenian partisans
He does look like the bad guy from the hunger games.
But I imagine that North-Eastern Slovenian, with a heavy country accent, would be very hard to understand
Well since Christmas is at the height of summer in Australia, a white one is very unlikely
Said the Hungarian to the Slovenian
(for example)
Only then did I realize he's pulling it out like a card from a deck
- prva srednja sklanjatev (mesto, -a)
Noone really, Austria looks down on us, balkan thinks of us like we are part of Austria
Don't know what his name is now, but our teacher calles him Torbar
The perfect height is about a head taller then a woman as I was told when young.
If you country is still a country after hard Brexit, then i dont see why not...
For example: [makovka] or [makova potica]
Second, it is silly to think that one of the main victors of WW2 would be denied a sphere of influence
Where's the connection between nationalism and school shootings?
That state would than need to go frew the acession process once again if it wished to join.
We implemented it for trucks last year
I like it
I did not realize this was such a hard concept to grasp.
Fracking, bituman oil industry, proximety of USA, anti russia sentiment, open borders sentiment, Justin.
However the state and church should be separate to prevent potential harm to the democratic process
Sometimes they bring it automatically, sometimes you just ask.
Yellow circle gang (I'm from northern Slovenia)
or she sucked a lot of dick to get all that stuff
Yugoslavias answer to Coca Cola, still quite popular today
Or you could be moral - say no and still stay in the middle class telling other people about decision you could make but you didn't because you were moral and most of people would totally respect you for that
Really
How the institutions will break you, if they want you
But then Germans also found funny ways to confuse people from nearby regions with the way they're saying what time it is so there there's that.
I do not own livestock or farm equipment at all and, in fact, I actually work an IT desk job in a city.
Geography - It's the flattest part of Slovenia, which together with different architecture, town design, etc
Ljubljana and Maribor, capital vs second biggest city
I live close to Austria, and it feels so good, to just go through the border without any stopping
But the more interesting (at least to me) is the fate of Austro-Hungarian barracks, at least those in Ljubljana, which many experienced different fates
Idk why Dutch, Portugese doesn't have that Dutch snoring sound.
Everytime I see photos like this I want to play Cities: Skylines but then I remember I now only have a little laptop
Sports here are organised by local clubs as an after school activity.
I suppose you may say that the people behind the United Slovenia movement (an attempt at creating an autonomous Slovene state inside the Habsburg Monarchy) were patriots since they still wanted to remain part of the monarchy, but the struggle against germanisation, italianisation, etc., was purely on preserving our ethnicity.
The only thing I can think of that would fit the minimal outdoor space criterion (like football or volleyball) would be the game where you throw plastic circular pieces and try to be the one to throw them the closest to the smaller piece.
Hell, I'm pretty sure if the EU relaxes immigration laws, we'll get plenty of young Americans come over
But nonetheless, i did calculate it, and the result is at least 363 500 people missing in 1910 on the territory of present day Slovenia, due to emigration that happened between the years 1857 and 1910
Oh no
On a global scale the same system failed spectacularly in addressing climate change, causing human-driven global extinction event, climate refugees and more
Interesting, is this from surs
sex
My most favorite German city
I could ask you the same thing...
Andrej Šiško
They're lying about the cookies
It is to much smaller degree than in Spain
Fuck, my bad, I mistyped that
Yeah Slovene definitely isn't completely unique but it is still pretty uncommon
Here he is a hero through and through who won us half of our country
Insulted people from other ex-Yugoslavian countries (as a joke, of course)
It is close to home and it has similar culture
Top Russian Writer Nikolai Starikov Explains Who Is Behind Europe's Refugee Crisis
Don't forget us, your neighbours, we have an Orbanesque government now
" - "Am I speaking Chinese
We learn the history of the territoriries that Slovenia covers today
A carbon tax would do a good job of accomplishing that
Ofc it's not happening anytime soon, but as a thought experiment, if it were to happen through the magic of newly found friendship and trust, I find it highly optimistic to believe that the US could do major damage if going to war against all of Europe + Russia, simply because invading and keeping up logistics across an ocean isn't quite that easy
> “I have broken more Elton John records, he seems to have a lot of records
Nobody cares what color you are as long as you respect the culture and language
Lots of people have switched to Spotify or Google Music here, which costs 5 euros per month.
Apple, KitchenAid, Blendtec, Weber, Timberland, Carhartt, The North Face, Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger, Levi's...
Make [bread dumplings with bacon] Best when put cooked into the oven with the roast for a few minutes.
I'm actually surprised that we don't yet have gas stations in every shopping centre so that they could work
We want to feel superior and hate so badly that we'll take everything down
In many other countries there are even more rights "regular" marriage gives couples that aren't given to people in "special partnerships". From 2006-2016 in Slovenia before big reforms were made there were a bunch of stupid and glaringly discriminatory elements
I'm not familiar with this, would you explain
[There are quite a lot of them]
But young people nowadays are starting to use sophisticated names more and more.
That's true, but they needn't necessarily be different.
He seemed very fascinated with the word for lunch, "kosilo". He couldn't pronounce it correctly for the life of him
Not even a joke, arab christians are one of the most beloved in the world.
It's getting more and more popular in apartment buildings in Slovenia, not as much in houses, as heatwaves in the 30's are not uncommon anymore.
Thank you for your service
Younger generation needs to rise up and take these sits if we want to improve something
Thus most of the electric trains that were planned to be used on the route couldn't stop at those stations
So it's okay with you if a candidate is corrupted and gets all the help it can get from the current administration and outside sources, or is it wrong only when it's about a candidate you don't like?
Make sure to message them, yes.
Clearly, reddit is the trend barometer.
Wtf am i getting downvoted for lol
He is and he has a valid point.
I noticed some accent differences between people from koper/litoral and Ljubljana/Maribor
Nothing huge but still amazing in my opinion that these things survived for so long
All of them (except tornadoes and hurricanes).
Everione is pro West for some reason and I just want socialism and Russia back.
Meanwhile your i doesnt have a dot
And [this] and [this] is higher level final exam for gymnasiums.
Where do people usually obtain their trees?
We don't deserve it, but it would be pretty cool
The gun caused serious wounds, the bullet had enough velocity to tear through body but not enough to break bones
8th February, the day he died, is a cultural holiday and a day off for everyone.
For example , there is this notorious song:
there is the dreaded dual female form
Minsk, I'm visiting this 1st of may
And 2 ays by eletric car aparently.
You have to throw everything in to the cart and bag it at the counter
If we talk in dialects at least
Because someone decided ancient Sumeria and Babylon are more important than 20th cenutry history
Well you're not particularly knowledgeable.
▒█████▒█████▒████▒▒█████▒█▒▒▒█▒████▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒▒███▒▒█▒▒▒█▒
Have traveled through Serbia and Croatia by railway.
Talking and explaining is enough.
[My previous submission] broke rule 5a on neutral titles.
Only 0.001 procent of the muslims are extremist.
We agree that Trst/Trieste is not Italian
It didn't come here with the refugees, nor with the radicalisation of Islam.
I don't think I have ever been to a non-cremated funeral but I'm pretty sure the funeral goes the same way.
No definitely not
But in general, Europe used to be full of small feudal states.
There are plenty of others as well whose works we study in schools.
It's a heresy for sure, but is it a tasty heresy
Country that big with less gdp than Italy
Perhaps I could try to make that sometimes
But it is not officially recoginsed
000 inhabitants
Perhaps I could try to make that sometimes
Accent is intonation, the way you pronounce words, dialect is different words for same thing, different endings to words etc.
I don't understand why it would be considered under developed
They cover all the nesessary and basic bills.
Poland, you ain't western Europe.
It's also related to Hebrew name Ronia/Ronya.
Just like how singular can only be used for exactly one object, dual can only be used for exactly two.
And also other animals sometimes (wild boars, foxes, deers, shakals, there was even a bear situation ones)
Self-determination should always be respected
I see you've met the Bear Jew
Most of our media is liberally oriented, with Mladina being the only one really left-leaning
I'm so happy when they cancel a booking.
If you drive, don't forget to buy highway toll stickers for Austria and Slovenia.
We say [məg'donalts] or colloquially [mɛk].
Human error was and will always be present
Russian foreign policies aren't spoken much about here.
I think Ljubljana is the MOST hated or disliked, but most people are still pretty indifferent
Unfortunately there's also many dead ones on the streets
Turkish invaders
Sounds like a school trip nobody wanted to go in middle school lmao i hope you weren't late for some appointment or family time
[interesting]
And that is why we always laught at some spam email that was auto translated
They're funded by Orban and there was supposed to be an investigation in to that but of course they sabotaged it
Majority of women having an abortion are 30+ (52%).
Lake bled turned red
And everyone older than me, tells me it was pretty much better in almost every way than it is now
Only because you always go to war against everyone else except each other xD
000 people
(The two possible ones in the 2nd and 3rd examples are used based on the starting letter of the next word but mean exactly the same)
He's a regular Alexander, Boris
What a great idea
I also read Hitler and Himmler wanted to build a shrine to Odin to eradicate Christianity.
In Slovenia we start counting at 21, so enaindvajset, dvaindvajset, triindvajset, štiriindvajset…”
They seem quite sensitive
Honestly alot of them are arrogant
52nd place in the 80's, 80th in the 90's (Anamarija - 75th), 108th from 2001-2015 (Anamarija - 104th).
Most people to this day don't know what happened
And also the main reason why Trieste is as influential as it is is because it was the main trading port of the Habsburg empire.
From what I can see on google maps, I think other buildings around there are way uglier.
So with low voters turnout those 10% are enough that they become winner of election but still without the possibility to go into coalition with any other party to form a government they are doomed to be in opposition until voter turnout fails even more
People today care less much about being placed in the Balkans.
You're wrong, it does happen same as it happens anywhere you get a lot of drunk people together, but it definitely isn't widespread.
Let me elaborate
Page 2 (88), second paragraph:
Joined/annexed, isto sranje, drugo pakovanje, Austria also joined with Germany.
It's nothing special but just one extra day you get to be at home after the New year's
neuter
I doubt the European Commission woud make such decisions.
There are new dogs dropped there all the time
Other way around is driving in Slovenia with "Hasič", in Slovenia it would be understand as "smoker of hashish" while in Slovak it is "Firefighter"
I actually find it a curious how Italian is often adored, yet Finnish is the butt of jokes, while they're both vowel-rich languages
How many gears does an Italian tank have
Lol look if 🇷🇺 🇨🇳 are doing it, so can we.
Fifth, what kind of mental gymnastics must one perform to blame Americans for us having to endure communism
Although that was 11pm at the latest and it was usually at least 2 of us
It's probably because bisaga means bag
I have never heard of Christmas wheat and none of the holy evenings and I was raised Catholic.
Don't buy those Fs, they are shit.
Also it kills bacteria in the meat, but doesn't remove existing products of said bacteria, which can be toxic
But still, people feel very strongly about the loss of Carinthia (the famous plebiscite of 1920) and there is a nostalgic yearning for Trieste and other parts of 'Venetian Slovenia' as it is called.
I'm in Ljubljana (295 m altitude) right now and there is snow.
Had to go and search for some news.
We're about to lose against Cyprus, so, not good
After all, they enjoy much higher bargaining power - if they all quit their jobs at public hospitals, the system collapses
Actually, would be interesting to think about whether it even ever happens with English words of Germanic origin
Do people think racial profiling by police is justified considering crime statistics?
The question is "What sort of criminals are considered "the worst " in your country?" Not "What sort of crimes are discused mostly".
NATO defines it self as a defensive aliance.
No one took a shower that day
Still nicer than Črnomelj and Metlika though but those are a lot smaller
It may be religious for some, but who cares.
The North Africans could help with the smuggler problem, too.
“Ich kann mit eienem Eierlöffel Fledermäuse töten”- thanks to John Cleese
but at least until now, none of them have committed any terror acts.
But if they checked you on a bus station, that couldn't be the case
Wrap it around your neck like a scarf.
I live about 90km away
We are, if I say so myself, the pinacle of civilization
Just google Barbara pit
His songs are a bit sad and beautiful.
This was the Soviet army stationed to the Moldovan SSR, transnistria didn't exist before '91 as an enthety.
[Laka - Pokušaj \(Bosnia and Herzegovina, 2008\)]
There's the sea, the plains, the rolling hills with vineyards, wooded hills, the high mountains and even the bogs south of our capital city.
I'd especially like to hear from women and maybe specify you're a woman since it's sometimes difficult to tell from a username.
I noticed that some people in s-love-nia sound like they are native English speakers but their slovenian accent is perfect
Yeah, fuck that guy
I visited Slovakia last December and could get by with Slovenian only
I think there must be something really wrong with you to do something like that to your wife (if she really didn't know)
I think the flats are bigger and more appropriate for students with children, there is also a kindergarten and a pediatrician nearby.
There is a very vocal minority who keep on saying that basically everything NATO does is a sign of aggression towards Russia and Russia is only making precautionary actions to counter such "aggression."
Best of all worlds
V4 want NATO there, and non of these countries contribut much.
Nope, they just talk really quite
After a person dies, family decides whether they want to cremate the body or not.
It is a common thing that when someone gets stabbed it happeens in a fight between folks south of Kolpa
The solution is obvious and simple
Not likely
Does it taste similar to a peperami
People are againts opt-out because of lunatics who spread conspiracy theories.
Similar oppression cannot be said to have taken place in Yugoslav Dalmatia with the remaining Dalmatian Italians, as no form of forced slavification took place.
I think that this joke is something that pretty much only Americans (British as well maybe
Two speed Eu means that there isnt EU anymore.
Well, soon after, Serbia, being the "senior partner", decided to throw its weight around, the name got changed (Slovenes and Serbs changed places), and power started centralizing more and more
First thing my mother asked me this morning is if I can get her some seeds when I go to the shop next time
What's considered welfare in Sweden is higher than the minimum wage in Slovenia, and Slovenia is right at the limit of becoming a net contributor to the EU budget, so many countries are waaay worse off
Please don't listen to this guy.
It fell out of top names in the 70's.
I think there are church and radio transmission tower there
I checked etymology and it doesn't seem to be related
It could be understand but you would need some time to get "aclimated" and get to know some different letters an phonetics behind it
They're still not "taking over" anything, and Europe (yes, including Germany) is still an incredibly safe place, especially when compared to most other countries.
Could have probably also listed it as "work" considering like half of the construction workers here are from Kosovo.
I won't even start talking about differences between Primorska and Koroška or Prekmurska
The claim was "did nothing". Not "nothing for you", "nothing".
He just loved how quickly we passed from a "shady neighbourhood" to what is to him a stunning city
In [Slovenia] we have several types of protected areas, the main three being the national park (we have one, the Triglav national park), the regional parks (3) and landscape parks (40).
East is definitely more suitable for agriculture
Croatian, Serbian, Bosnian, Montenegrin, Slovenian, English, Italian and Veneto.
Kinda so so
Even when it comes to older population, many will understand at least the basics
It could be understand but you would need some time to get "aclimated" and get to know some different letters an phonetics behind it
Yep, I'm using internet all the time and most sites are in English
GDP / Capita adjusted to PPP is below 300%, which is still fine
Then stop spreading their propaganda.
Since 1991
Specialist care:
Its the only way in order to open EU has to close itself from Mena immigration.
From the previous thread on this topic:
'Cos you used \# before numbers.
And many many more
The entire world population at the time is estimated to be around 5 million people
That's when you know you are a shithole.
I can see its very similar to our stereotype of americans speaking Slovenian.
Thats it
That's exactly how we feel about Switzerland too.
On a scientific level Slovene is divided into app
They don't in the Balkan either, yet they're all grouped together because it's a geographical feature.
I'm very pacifistic but I'm not naive
One even did a short promo for a gallary
There was of course germanisation present, that's why german influenced slovenian more, but styrian german was also influenced by slovenian
MWAHAHAHAHAHA
oh , you are that african-indian guy from argentina.
Do you know where šukat in Polish etymologically comes from
Living here in slovenia rn feels like living in the UK, nothin but rain and wind
How is that any diffrent from what those people smugglers are doing?
I thought that people on the internet wouldn't pay attention.
This comment is still the most infuriating thing I have ever seen on reddit
Well, when you've got a developed economy, low inflation and flat demographics, it's difficult to expect 6%+.
Unless, of course, you and the place you work at have really low professional standards.
Probably not, but we can't know until it happens.
Yea, when traffic jams are expected like for big events or near touristic sites.
Not surprised
People just do it as an excercise.
You mean [these dolomites right] ;-)
Then in December everything went dark for 3 whole days.
I'm gonna be beaten twice as much when I become Slovene for downplaying importance of hiking.
There's a difference
Russia is awesome
Wearing a hijab and similar is ok.
Makes eating as a student really cheap.
Če si 50/50 lastnik plačuješ vse pol pol
Principles
The stamp isnt a crutial part of trevel to countries that do not require passports.
Austrians keep their women in their basements.
Why can this only happen in The Netherlands?
That's what you get when people think they're entitled to everything the same second they come up with an idea.
Like fucking Baška grapa
It wasn't their fault they didn't know it was actually the other way around
I think it's safe to say the average slovenian speaks 3 languages.
It happens
I don't hate Eurovision, I just don't like 90% of songs that are there and always absolutly hate the winners
But it was more important to us, politicaly and culturaly than Ljubljana.
Capital city: 300k
Google Translate:
Yes we have [Geopedia] It's way better than google maps or anything of that sort
In Slovenian it would be:
and all its satellites
We love your quirky way of dressing and you cars and stuff.
This things, at least in my area, are usually held at farm tourism places (kmečki turizem) or a 'gostilna' (a family owned type of restaurant)
Not popular, but present
Wir helfen kranken Vögeln - we help sick birds
Then we give pumpkin seed oil
Now in my 30s not anymore (i think they're getting too old and it would just be rubbing it in )
You could totally rule any discipline that doesn't contain too many Poles or Russians
[Like this superior one] to anything Hrvatska has to offer ^^^^^^:P
Everething from Lucy to Hitler.
Started 50% of world wars and blamed 100% of those on Germany
Even without Russian hacking, the West seems to be destabilising itself perfectly fine by themselves.
The leader of yugoslavia in ww2 who was born in our country
Thinking of ourselves as being the best is forbidden in this country.
Mostly
Like a renault berlingo or a citroen kangoo
Novo mesto literally means "New city" in English.
Pinocchio is already my favourite story
My fellow Slovenes, plz
Groud is freezing, wich is good.
They were unhappy with the sistem
Gornja Radgona used to be a whole with Radgona (Bad Radkersburg i think) on the other side of the bridge in Austria until 1918
- A Game with the Devil's Tail: Almost mundane stuff about married life
We make rissoles with pan baked potatoes and buttered corn.
Back then Tito was Stalin's closest ally.
Last two republican presidents won 2/3rs of their terms and what did Democrats do about it
It also showed answers from another town who didn't agree with it
you forgot to mention Belarous, Ukrain, Moldova, ect ect.
According to RTV article, it's either Sveti Trije Kralji v Slovenskih goricah or Sveta Trojica v Slovenskih goricah
Wich one of this independances are you celebrating.
We all saw what happened last time.
I dont know what to say товарищ the ukrainian guy is killing you....
Or he could say that in order to piss the Polish off, like the rest of us do.
Wait, Islamic terrorism is the largest threat the US faces?
Not having it makes you more of a target.
The new right-wing ruling party (especially the prime minister Janez Janša) is very polarising - it either has a sizeable cult following or is hated
And it also snowed in some parts today
Jesus f christ is that a machete?
(maybe only locally in my region
Stop spreading american propaganda.
Let's see if the anger is not only going to last couple of days
Some initial reports about the Quebec shooter said the same.
We say češpovi njoki as in plum filled gnocchi
Went to Lelystad to shop, stayed for the polder
I probably wouldn't agree at all.
How do Italians determine the future career of a newborn baby boy
Well nor does it go with filane paprike or sarma, but oh well
100m is just 100m or 1/10 of a km or 1000dcm.
They are on the political right.
Also we think that countries that consider themselves small but are bigger than us are big
Croat of Slovenian ancestry that lives in Slovenia.
I mean, Brexiteers are proven right in 1 out of all of their points - not sure that would heal the political divide, but at least they'd get 1 thing right and have that bit of moral justification to drag the UK out
They expect people to just casually get over everything they went through
Especially in the summer and autumn there is a lot of italian tourists around here and it sometimes causes problems with the landowners whose forests get picked clean (mushrooms and stuff).
Am I the only one who feels wrong about the fact that Germany supported our independance
Kids going thousands kilometers from home to study
And if they don't get better in that time frame you can get up to 6 months from your doctor, if you need more then it's decided by a commission
Why would you talk to strangers?
Post-WW2, Tito kept the brotherhood and unity alive through sheer force of his personality cult and secret police, and once he died, Serbia started centralizing power again
If you're talking differences in mentality, however, the major difference I could spot while traveling all over the continent has been that only Germanic nations have this major superiority complex towards everyone else
One of my favourite semi-recent Serbian film is "Rane (The Wounds)". Kosturica's films are also great
Or a glass botle of coke, sprite...
It's primarily the fault of authorities that allow terrorists in and don't do enough to stop those terrorists that were born in Europe.
11 - **ena**jst
And even that is inaccurate, because Prekmurje (the north-east-most) is split into 4 dialects that differ in vocabulary and pronunciation as well
If history had gone just a little bit differently we would have been like the Sorbs
He seemed very fascinated with the word for lunch, "kosilo". He couldn't pronounce it correctly for the life of him
Yeah it comes from Slovene and we actually still use the name Gradec
It varies from year to year
4 stoli
Nope
For example orthopedic surgeons are notorious for telling people who come to them in a public hospital that they need a certain surgery or therapy and then they tell them: or you wait 6 months or you come to me in the afternoon and I do it immediately (but you pay a few thousand €)
Actually since Janša took power again, he has been engaging in endless twitter wars with slovenian and even foreign journalists
I befriended some foreign students, so pretty much daily.
Checking some more sources one is surprised that all the outlets reporting from the scene are either anglo-saxon or American (BBC, Guardian, Economist) and just how out-proportionally well covered the event is.
sta = Slovenska tiskovna agencija, which translates to Slovenian Press Agency.
Yeah don't pay attention to anything he says, ever.
The way I immagine it is that they sometimes have math or whatever in Slovenian, and next time in Hungarian, idk
Because in Slovenia its only permitted in special cases, for example in cases of bark beetle infestation, but I know different countries have different attitude towards clear cutting.
sapporo,
Does Gotschee German count
We also have one for dual (when referring to two people) which is different than the plural form
My relatives go apeshit crazy when it comes to mushroom picking.
I can't make much sense of the baltics or Albanian either
A train line didn't run for weeks because of ruined cables.
It made me wonder, since when is this an acceptable topic, to pry into my personal affairs and plans by a relative stranger from work or a hobby group
After the answer (question) is known, proceed to the
We could help them financially and in other ways I guess.
today, those are largely or completely absent in the West
Sorry, I misunderstood the question.
From [this] to [this] The water drains through ponors, požiralniks and estavelas into the underground
So it doesn't actually take any energy (if you ignore friction etc) to move a boat from one level to another.
I witnessed an ice-cream machine violently break down.
Though I prefer if they didn't translate it
I have never been to a private healthcare proffesional, and apart from dentists none of my friends have been to one either.
Andrews tourist hostel in, well St
is something European empires, kingdoms, and later countries have been doing for centuries before the words United States of America were ever uttered for the first time
Fuck i feel bad for you guys :( Is that wage before or after the taxes?
I think this is enough for now
What about the other lines in the poem
"Manj strašna noč je v črne zemlje krili, kot so pod svetlim soncem sužni dnovi" - "Less terrifying is the night under Earth's dark wing than days lived under the bright sun as a slave" (my translation, predictably terrible, but I couldn't find one online)
So I'm guessing there's no set time to start
We only had apricot ones at home
The US and most other American countries (or possibly all of them, I'm not sure) give citizenship to anyone born there but most of the world gives citizenship only to children of their citizens.
šraufenciger (schraubenzieher : izvijač), zic (sitz : sedež), raufnk (Rauchfang : dimnik), ajmer/emper (eimer : vedro), štumfi (strümpfe : nogavice), firtuh (vortuch : predpasnik), dihtunga (dischtung : tesnilo), štekar (stecker - stikalo), štrom (strom : elektrika), šajtrga (Scheibtruhe : samokolnica), šnicl (schnitzel : zrezek), beštek (besteck : jedilni pribor), šnitloh (Schnittlauch : drobnjak), šalca (schale : skodelica), šefla (scheufel - zajemalka), ajznpan (eisenbahn - železnica), britof (friedhof - pokopališče), cuker (zucker - sladkor), ek (ecke - vogal), froštik (frühstück - zajtrk), gips (gips - mavec), ibercug (überzug - delovna obleka), jager (jäger - lovec), cigel (ziegel - opeka), flek (fleck - madež), flaša (flasche - steklenica), hozetregerji (hosenträger - naramnice), heksenšus (hexenschuss - ?), ksiht (gesicht - obraz), kšeft (geschäft - posel), knof (knopf - gumb), ketna (kette - veriga), kinderpet (kinderbett - otroška postelja), kelner (kelner - natakar), kremšnita (kremschnitte - kremna rezina), luft (luft - zrak), lojtra (leiter - lestev), lager (lager - skladišče), maler (maler - pleskar), mantl (mantel - plašč), ringlc (ohring - uhan), ohcet (hochzeit - poroka), parkplac (parkplatz - parkirišče), pubec (bube - fant), puter (butter - maslo), pupa (puppe - punčka), raubar (räuber - razbojnik), rigel (riegel - zapah), šrauf (schraube - vijak), šefla (scheuel - zajemalka), šuh (schuh - čevelj), špegl (spiegel - ogledalo), taška (tasche - torbica), teglc (tiegel - lonček za rože), talar (teller - krožnik), tišloh (tischtuch - prt), vaga (wagge - tehtnica), vic (witz - šala), zoken (socken - nogavica), žajfa (seife - milo), žakel (sack - vreča), bremzati (bremsen - zavirati), erbati (erben - dedovati), fojtrati (füttren - krmiti), hopsati (hopsen - poskakovati), jamrati (jammern - stokati), koštati (kosten - poskusiti), lotati (löten - spajkati), nucati (nutzen - potrebovati), ofnati (öffnen . odpreti), pucati (putzen - čistiti), špilati (spielen - igrati), zelhati (selchen - prekajevati), žemlja (semmel), kajzerca (kaiserbun)
Most people put immigration and economy as the biggest issues of modern day Europe.
Kurentovanje, annual carnival starts today in Ptuj, Slovenia
Če že zgradijo kako stezo jo zgradijo na pol pa še potem voziš gor pa dol, pa delaš ovinke, stez pa ne vzdržujejo.
But look at this:[This is the MAIN (several thousands od cars and trucks from the steel foundary) road that connects my region to the highway.
You mean that turning point in American history that marked the beguining of a genocide?
I understand
Does the humidity cause any problems?
Probably [this] minus money, of course.
There is no way in hell Trump listened to all of this.
It's about 30 °C here, which is fairly normal for this time of year
top - cannon
It is Slovene if anyone is guessing,[ wikipedia on Carinthian plebiscite for context.]
On bo še več migrantov purfuru!
You returned thousands of refugees to Austria and other countries.
Pa ne bi, že tako si napol nemec.
When it comes to cultural heritage, I don't only see it as European, Asian or African heritage but as human heritage
Yea, without all the conflicts and such high disparity, it would be nice.
I know pretty damn well, I don't need to google definitions.
- Dolenjska: The drunkest region, probably from their awful wine called Cviček, gypsies
There could be 3 swimming at the same time if you didn't keep pushing the border towards our land.
000 people
You know, since they are the biggest users of the dispute settlement procedures.
I read that over here you write a request and take it to the church you were Christened in.
What if an aqueduct crosses a dry ravine
That is my small connection to home alone fame
TV SLO 1 is first on the list and the most popular one is POP tv
Chopin was already mentioned but the likes of Descartes, Voltaire and Curie.
One's being built in Ljubljana, though
I mean thanks for the nomination, but seriously, Bled is sooo overrated -_-
Religious communities in R. of Slovenia - all equal, seperate from the state
Austria would be fine, too
We use plenty of Italian loan words
For example, the fine for disturbing public peace is 104,32 € (exactly 25.000,00 SIT).
GDP up by 0.3% in the euro area and by 0.4% in the EU28 - Second estimate.
To be honest I have no idea how to explain it to you, I searched like a mad man and there are no correct spellings or video recordings of how to pronounce it correctly, I mean there are but the words are completely mispronounced.
Doubt it's any different with any other country.
Unfortunately there's also many dead ones on the streets
Just a big room where we all left our things
A couple of helicopters and propeller airplanes.
6km coast
The thing is...people want to have state owned companies and privatisation and foreign investment are evil words.
Not really a problem
So normally workers get additionally 3
Possibly Slovenian Carinthia
In Slovenia, the less the locals have to think about what they're doing when you're around, the more accepted you'll be
In Slovenia, the Ljubljana dialect sounds so ridiculously anglicized to everyone else, that the stereotypical parody phrase in it is:
Slovenka - Slovene: Slovenian girl; Slovak: Slovakian girl
However traditionally the were made (outside of plum) completely blended - no fruit chunks left.
EVERY government that tried to change this has ben toppled
Or at least comparatively
Montenegro - Črna gora
I was also shopping for my grandma who has an injured leg and can't go out and I seemed the most 'panicked' if anyone looked into my shopping cart
>Also, happy cake day to you
I might have misunderstood you.
Been there a few times, and I've got zero complaints about its looks
I mean, just how common is this O_o
Yeah, but he asked quite politely.
Poor Joseph
I thik if someone wants to have a good varied vegan diet, they need to move to some tropical place with variety of fruit and veggies availabe throughout the year.
Oh boy, you are up for a big disappointment.
If the car is properly registered and insured you can pretty much drive it all over Europe.
Though honestly I think both superpowers have behaved beyond horrible through the history.
We buy it only when we are going somewhere.
We also have Dunaj (Vienna), Majland (Mailand is German for Milano), Benečija (Veneto).
Kristina and Nina are pretty common everywhere.
We were lucky that our designers took inspiration from Copenhagen during the urban expansions in the '60s, so all the major intersections and underpasses got cycling lanes very early on
Damn, I love this photo
Ridiculous
that is very nice of you as a society :)
However, the concept of sex remained unknown to me until puberty
We have the weather, the food, the wine, the sea, the mountains and a very good quality of life
Its the endless circle as italians are stealing polish jobs in Germany and UK.
Slovenian hills - Slovenske gorice,  Windische Bühel in Austria, is the region in north east of Slovenia (Styria)
May that racist asshole burn in hell
Today, drkati is exclusively used for male masturbation - jerking off
*al lepše od Urške bilo ni nobene*
In our translation instead of Baggins we have Bisagin
But if you mean official, then Hungarian and Italian
I was a weird kid
Those trains you linked are not in use anymore.
No worries, honest mistake
It's commonly used here to describe someone losing their job
The way I immagine it is that they sometimes have math or whatever in Slovenian, and next time in Hungarian, idk
[Burek] örek#Bosnian_burek) and [ćevapi] Ćevapi).
Is it Friday already
I don't think any *whole country* in the world has such a climate though.
I like it that he acts like a normal,relatable guy which I expect from a president of only two million people.
Either Croatia because of border disputes and shit they did during migrant flow or Hungary because, well, they're the least relatable and we get shit food floating in pesticides and other shit from there.
I feel like its more of a meme among young people, because we actually have nothing to do with the past politics
Very similar to what we have to read in Slovenia.
So Blades of Glory was translated into "Let's masturbate together"
Kosovo & Metohia might not be as welcoming (but that is due to the large albanian population) as other places, [but in general serbs are the most welcoming people]
🇪🇺 should by default impose a carbon tax for g outside of Europe
They have the reputation of being hard working and honest people
Canada may have same reservations
The main international airport has regular flights to London (also Bruxelles etc.).
Remember being a tourist is much different than living and working in a country.
If Austria and Germany want to merge nobody should be able to put the nose in it only Germans and Austrians.
Oh shut the fuck up Slovak
Eggs with brain
I respectfuly disagree with your opinion.
There are defo ghettos and slums but center is quite nice.
Same goes for Spain
Our national team has some players that are from the UK, but are of Slovenian descent, so we are probably much better with them than we would be otherwise
You could know there are 2 sexes, it's not the same as gender.
City, river, potayto potahto :P
Indeed the lack of effort to withhold law and not deporting illegal immigrants has divided the EU even more.
They're currently still in the EU.
There's very little remembrance of WW1 here
>Coming from the guy who lived in the lamest country in Yugoslavia
Well, we all know the correct answer to this one
Andrews but the water and beach there didn't look appealing
New cars cost 10 to 12 thousand € not 40.000 thats an insane price.
I've never heard of any other way to make lemonade.
> Slavic people in general: "Tschuschen". It has a south Slavic origin
Emergency powers aren't inherently bad
/r/mixedrace understands
There are probably more but I am on the English stead of the Slovenian internet
I don't understand what you mean with that comment.
Slovenians caused the breakup if you ask Serbs
or a camping trip for the weekend?
He is from the country where the Hague court is, sooo...
There's also stories about Turkic conquest
People you send to EU are quite corrupt.
Simple and obvious
Someone already mentioned the green card.
So it goes towards the worst of all worlds
It's just that it's so widely accepted.
As a born American citizen and a somewhat recent Slovenian citizen through my family, Jansa can fuck the right off
How many Transnistrias is that?
I've got same vibe with some Italians and I'd assume that is the case in Spain.
Besides the most well known of Gorica/Nova Gorica, we also have Radgona (Bad Radkersburg)/Gornja Radgona and Libeliče/Libeliče (Leifling)
If you didnt like immigration why didn't you put a cap on it 2004 like germany did.
I got sets of LEGO as gifts all the time when I was a kid and I've still got a huge box of mixed pieces
Out of his butt
Hungary at it's greatest extent
The holy tourist triangle of Ljubljana, Bled and Piran
He's one of very few actors who's films I know I will always
I was expecting Buckingham palace.
You are right that linguistically, slovenes belong to the South Slavic group
- crocodile [Or Krokodil in Russian]
Tensions are rising between Germany and Poland
All true and if she was less in conflict with the Swiss customs she would become a citizen.
And just photos of the country made me start planning a road trip around the country in late spring
Yeah, all the Serb civilians who were forced to leave Kosovo had totally had it coming.
How many times do we have to say no?
I haven't been to the the US but what I see online and in the media is awful
I deal with American customers paying with their cards daily.
I’ve been there 3 hours ago but did not know the context
For us to succeed we must learn important languages
Edit: Just remembered, my biggest disappointment: Berlin
I really wish I joined an orienteering club
Nobody knows for sure, but lets say it publicly anyway.
That's good enough
Of course Warren and Sanders can bring a more left-ish policy to the US.
So your community is your class, not the whole school.
Maybe planes of this nature can pass sovereighn air space without any truble.
i remember a certain kind of roadside ad with a "gifted" woman warning you to look at the road.
I visit Poland several times a year, have driven all over the country, several times over - thank you for all the wonderful nature, super friendly people and amazing food
While people in peek through the window and the he just drives off hahaha.
Amazing
When I was renovating my bathroom most things were delivered by the people renovating my bathroom and some by a company I bought things from
Dealing with latest COVID-19 crisis also brought him some positive points but not enough to not remain the most hated
It's about the same as Americans knowing European countries
We went out, came back at 10pm, went to sleep with normal clothes on because no one had the guts to even check the shower rooms and we wanted to get the hell out first thing in the morning
I found the translation for Povodni mož [here] and for Zdravljica [here] Scroll down in both cases
Wait is "the holy book" now in turkish?
Thank you for the explanation
And the Balkans, generally
-Hell no
In Slovenian it would be:
[This one] is interesting
I worked at Bled Turizem - Slovenia in summer 2016.
Well yeah, but then, Kundera spends a good portion of article arguing how Western Europe of 1938 - the last year when Central Europe had normal contacts with it - is distant past, since the culture "bowed out" in the meantime.
It takes some getting used to, but generally it works
[Mr
Both viewpoints are wrong
It would be done only by ignorant people, since it makes LESS sense than calling Scotland England
I wish we were in the Eurasian Union.
What they spoke in Novi Grad just seemed very Croatian to me.
Serbo-Croat, - THE language to know as a traveler around the world
Syria is war with NATO members and their bff's like KSA
Percentage of underage women is only 4,6%.
Andrews, Scotland
About 25C.
its smarter for EU that Arms industry of Europe is competent and well funded.
Influence of German can be seen in standard Slovenian even today
Philips comes to mind for one of the variants with cross tip
Still love visiting it though
Far from it
If someone says they've been drunk while driving they are marked as an imbecile and a complete asshole.
You mean in English
Merkel: "Jesus Christ and Holy Adenauer, this is going to be bad"
Paddington it is then
Now we have 20 per day and no one cares, you might get quarantine if you go to any of the red countries and thats all
except italy, libya is across the sea from it
Ski jumping is very popular here and a there’s a big fan base that is very passionate about it
This one is town because it got town rights in the Middle Ages.
Ljubljana (290 000) - the capital city of Slovenia and basically the central hub
That's also one of the rares ones I watched dubbed.
My guess would be that's because many of them dye their hair.
par - couple
With populism
Political parties outraged about the proposed constitution of the Austrian state of Carinthia
Or a huge apartment (< 200m\^2) with no land
JNA took over the training center of Territorial Defence, people were protesting and a tank ran over one of them, right in front of my highschool.
These type of people do not recognize that any other languages than castilian exist, :(
Now a few people (inculding the former director of the powerplant) are convicted
The English Diplomat compared it to how black were treated in America!
I don’t know for me it’s a silly tradition because the little ones are very scared of them and I don’t know why they should be
It's seen as acceptable on certain occasions although obviously not any time
We do have school team sports but not on the same level as in the US for reasons described before.
No, it's not even a bit similar.
For the most part I can't really say anything bad about our police, even though I sometimes find myself on the "wrong" side of the law.
To je užitek k srečati tebe
Summer is a special season in the Austrian countryside and you have a lot of Kirtage/Volksfeste even in small towns.
A weird case is the towns of Gorizia and Nova Gorica (New Gorizia)
Yeah it comes from Slovene and we actually still use the name Gradec
Speaking your dialect (almost language) in other areas is often times "unacceptable" so we tend to use a mix of standard slovene and dialects
Only every 10th or 15th word I can make out but it could have different meaning
Although ot has a university, it's apparently not that great but, once again, can't say for sure
Language - They speak a famously difficult dialect that could almost be considered a separate language
I'm sure some people can be jerks but for the most part i think people can act considerately to others
Are ISIS in your mind the oppressed party
And the last time I said polls are irrelevant and should be ignored I got downvoted.
Not well known to anyone but some locals
Ofc left-wingers and right-wingers will complain because is too centrist but still its kinda good.
Bruto domači proizvod na prebivalca (EUR), statistične regije, Slovenija, letno
How this got awards is beyond me.
This sub hates me for having opinions.
On the other hand, if you wanted to check out more of the country (which is cooler imho), then 2 nights seems fine.
I love your username
I agree with all of it, but that's not really the point I was trying to make.
in this day and age it is only geographical.
Nah there's quite a lot of us, I assure you.
Also I have a feeling that you prefer the countryside to city life.
And I didn't reply to him with my OP, but to someone else, if you can't see.
I dont know what the word alt-right mean but isn't this term used just since 2016?
seriously
I was surprised that Croatia felt like a mini-Italy in comparison too.
Well yes in English it would sound very weird to say half seven but in Slovenian to most Slovenians it sounds weird to say 6 and a half
dont you have some festivities on the villages?
Also for most people who don't know where every small village in Slovenia lies, Šmarna Gora and Hudajužna are like around 60km apart, so the myths probably developed independently
There are expats around the world from every country, you know?
I think those two joining was nothign but propaganda and that on the ground, it was never an option.
As a kid, I remember jumping from balcony into snow; I wouldn't recommend doing that now :)
Coal contains a small amount of naturally occurring radioactive isotopes
Weird
Literally no one speaks slovene outside slovenia, bar some minorities sprinkled around the world
Jap that's the one, you know the Balkan no blood no fun
We already have the Eurovision (yes it is more than a song contest) it just isnt a public broadcaster per say, but prety close.
The Czech word for blowing sounds the same as a colloquial Slovene term for fucking.
EDIT: LPT: If you're searching for restaurant reviews online as a tourist, sorting by language and selecting Italian is generally the way to go -- Italians know good food
Is being interested in something not important enough to ask about it?
I think that we really have no reason to complain
I'm sorry to hear that
Outside my country I'll go either by train (cheap but slow) or take a plane (also cheap, but inflexible dates usually).
Those who listen to Croatian, Serbian, Bosnian music definitely understand more and so do those who spend their whole summers on Croatian coast.
I'm mind blown lol, didn't know that store exists and I live so close to the border
Trije volkovi (three wolves)
Cvetje v jeseni is one of the only Slovenian movies that I actually really enjoyed
and the entire post soviet/communist block
The unions are thretning with a public sector strike and the doctors go on strike the coming thuseday.
go to Cern and live in the Large hadron colider.
It's very hard to get rid of a regional accent.
But really, people here believe in all sorts of shit.
So if the euro goes down so does the kuna
Let's say you're a citizen of Slovenia.
Why do we care about Russia's internal affairs, again?
Sub of fools
from his assassination in Belgrade or convince him to let his son Friderik mary Veronika and with that continue on with the blood line
I was wondering how much of the population is of french descent...
Monaco seems to be a bit off
It would be far less relevant without nukes.
In my experience, most don't. I on the other hand live in an apartment and if I'm at work, some will bring it to my work the next day or they leave it at post office, Petrol or in the Parcel box
:o Poland, you need a therapist!
That's why we speak it only if we really have to
You can chose from a myriad of landscapes, from an alpine landscape to the seaside to the planes and to the rolling hills.
God the food really does get worse the further north you go
But I don't go to super turisty beaches full of families
Oh no, I've been on top of various mountains over 2000m high, but I really don't remember them all and hence don't know the answer.
I don't remember being scared at all.
Supreme court ruled they violated grandparents right to family when they took those kids away.
People will still buy it because there're not much other choice.
We stayed in another hostel that looked like it had permanent 'guests'. But at least that one was clean
The differences between European countries are negligible
You put the carbide inside and seal it well with a lid
It is an interesting city to explore for a day.
That sounds like a *really* lame excuse.
I meant that
> Corruption would have both member state level and EU level courts to hold both states and individuals accountable
It's probably all old people
That bridge is also a backdrop for a great swedish/danish series Broen, I highly recommend it if you haven't seen it.
It's why we have those 3 stars on our coat of arms.
So you already have an actual precedent of that happening
Actually, there's lots of schwas that aren't written (anymore)
Then we are sometimes challenged on exams on who was at the right and why etc
All it wants is a feast of nice juicy grass.
There are also some idiots that founded the [“Styrian Ward”]
Surely they can't be wrong, can they?
Also no party really would want to touch you with a 182.88cm pole.
Same as with white socks
I wouldn't say any sort of meat is more popular than other.
hje hje hje a se boš ljupčkov
There is a direct night train from Munich to Belgrade.
The Alps looking over Ljubljana
We are taught about religion, obviously, but no specific class for it
> Extremely prominent macho culture (except maybe in Slovenia)
How about when people say "your serbo-croatian is really good"
In Slovenia also
In Slovenia it's Ljubljana, in Belgium (second home) it's Leuven
My dumbass thought this was Winterfell for a second
Even here we can't get rid of Slovakia
Why would you even go for American girls over Spanish girls?
I don't know if this counts as a precedent though.
They were never going to get in.
"If we can fuck it up, we probably will"
To be honest it just doesn't make sense to me.
Although you have to pay for white fillings, amalgam fillings are free.
I'm can't be 100% sure of course, but I think there's a very good chance that he would survive in my country.
This marriage thing now is completely equal to the heterosexual marriage minus adoption as a couple in Slovenia right.
The point of snek is to make people kek.
People are more shocked that we eat horses
Although the number of Carinthians who identify themselves as Slovene has declined from about **one-third** to less than **3 percent** over the past century
I've been saying this for a couple of years now.
There's a bunch of quick easy meals you can make from scratch.
Well, he certainly had it scratched anyway
I have friends whos parents aren't maried and siblings don't have same last names.
HAHAHAHAHA I can't believe people actually thought that at one point
hahahaha se nam že vsem meša
The furthest known Slovenian relative (extended family) lives around 120km away.
It's sad how every single Internet Warrior commenting here won't do jack shit to help the situation
You have made a mortal enemy *italian* pfe
ut why is the EU the cause of migration?
I don't understand you think all islamic immigration is extremist?
Half of people living in Gorizia probably don't even know they border Slovenia, even less that the train station is 5m from the border and they can see it from their country.
If the post is editorialised, and this one is, it needs to be removed.
On the contrary in the Škocjan caves you have the stalagmite and stalactite part which later evolves into a massive underground gorge with waterfalls and a magnificent exit in the green dolina
We also have January 1st and 2nd as New years holiday
Čefur -  typically an immigrant from ex-Yugoslavia (most often Serbia & Bosnia) who likes to wear tracksuit, loves to drive with open window and blasts very loud turbo folk music
Religion and politcs have to be seperate.
I like French, Italian, Greek, Portugese, Russian and Icelandic.
And here I thought our Črni Kal viaduct was big
From my experience it's a Russian thing)))))
Is it only to Slovenians that it sounds terrible or what
She left a letter saying she resented her parents for not letting her go on a date on her birthday the week prior.
Milka is a traditional brand of chocolate confection which originated in Switzerland in 1825.
[Sample]
Otherwise people in embassies will be your leaders.
I went back to bed and didn't feel a thing  friends told me it woke them up, that their furniture was trembling etc
I don't think there's one dialect universally hated in my country (Slovenia).
We are an obsercer state in CSTO and the Nonaligned movement, we also flirt with the people who bombed us to the dark ages (NATO) everybody loves Serbia.
Love you guys
\*happily looking at map to find Maribor under developed regions\*
Here in slovenia we call it the mirracle at capporeto(čudez pri kobaridu) but italians call it the disaster at capporeto
EU should grow some balls and not be a bitch to the US
Have you seen it in other countries?
-_-
Have you never been to a resort hotel in Greece, Egypt, Turkey, Tunisia?
Worked so far, pretty much, kinda.
Lots of people speak german here so its also easier to emigrate to the north.
What about Špičkovina and Pizdino Vrilo?
Unfortunately no, both holidays fell on weekend this year, and they don't get transfered
Savings depends on person's lifestyle
For example, there are Slovene dialects that use diphtongs, but standard language doesn't. Standard language knows tonal accents (although they don't change the meaning), but some dialects don't. Dialects use a lot of borrowed words from neighbouring languages
bought some chips of "bakalar"( fish paste) flavour at the local LIDL out of curiosity.
Can you remind me, please, how many hundred refugees did your country agree to take in 2016?
Takoj ko bojo občine odprte pridem
If you have a normal car, no need to worry.
I'm not entirely sure who you are implying but we took in refugees as well.
Which is also a much less popular wild zone then the Alps, which tend to have a bit too much of hikers and tourists sometimes
Basically, if they don't want to issue you a receipt, you know they're shady, and you can report them.
I believe it is widely exported, but it is only used as general name here
Not us
Here many people believe law enforcement should be the only ones to be trusted with firearms as if they are somehow better than the rest of the population
Battle of Beruna in Chronicles of Narnia - Prince Caspian was shot on Soča river.
t doesn't because about a quarter didn't turn up and the margin was very small, and it's well established the majority of the campaign to leave was a lie.
What are the Christian parties that I hear about in Europe?
500k)
That being said, the theme of most monuments is fight against fascism and remembrance of fallen partisans, with a few statues to politicians and Tito
And it's perfect having a few wild strawberries growing on the lot.
AIN'T NOBODY GOING TO TRACK ME WITH MY ID
City, river, potayto potahto :P
The problem was that surrounding area, villages, were exclusively Slovenian that Maister tried to include in Yugoslavian land
My Serbian neighbour always greets me like that in the morning, what a great guy I can tell he likes me.
Even though some linguists still reject a genetic relationship, most scholars accept that Baltic and Slavic languages experienced a period of common development.
I guess the big countries have a form of autarky while the smaller ones just cannot have
Yugoslavia could not compare in any way to the west
I don't know, in Slovenia it's not like that
Some of them litteraly think that most of Slovenia, except Ljubljana, are peasants
The "No" side wants the things to stay as they are now: soft, easily breakable and covered with lots of sugar.
Which would be somewhat problematic to count in Schengen area
It's only a bit more than 2 hours away from me
Low but nonzero chance
They don't need vodka, they all have hallucinations from malnourish.
Otherwise I feel the Maghreb countries very unfamilliar, especially Algeria,  which has a huge population and covers a large part of the area, but I have never met anyone from there or anyone who visited it
For someone that cared so much what stood besides roads he sure as hell wasn't good at avoiding those things
Jean-Claude Juncker and Slovenian PM Miro Cerar share an embrace
It advertised itself as a goody-two-shoes nation and started to believe its own hype.
Didn't have a bike to learn on till then
It's true, most of the time "diversity" on Reddit is mentioned it's in relation to the number of non-white people.
and they always praise their country as the only freedom land, pathetic
Also, better climate, more mountains.
I guess I'm dumb
Why doesnt the police join the protestors
So the companies save here too.
It looks as retarded as I imagine the dumb fuck that is driving it must look.
Wrong country
One is in the [shower] and the [other] is outside of bathtub/shower on bathroom floor
President Borut Pahor to Mišek veliki Borči Pahor.
All other phones mostly use Android
I went to an italian speaking kindergarten myself
Not all Muslims support DAESH or the laws of Saudi-Arabia.
But that doesn't matter, they're our citizens.
Both Greece and Turkey were guaranteeing safety of the island according to some treaty.
I have driven a brand new Mazda crx6 SUV automatic.
them with the electricity they produce
To call it terrorism is quite a stretch.
Lilies on the emblem only represent the Bosniaks.
There are no trailer parks though, just as holiday vehicles, but along the coast there are some camps with trailers as semi permanent housing, but it's just like a holiday house thing, nobody lives in them permanently.
This we agree on
Half of Notranjska and practically the whole of Zasavje are within Ljubljana’s commuter belt
Hvala
Ever since my neighbours blind boyfriend walked in
If any of the scales is logarithmic, you can't really do that.
Here is the translation with the help of [Amebis Presis demo]
God's blessing on all nations,
And I don't think we have anything similar in Europe
Just an opinion some may not agree with.
Snow is white shit falling from the sky
For example: Slovene language uses also the dual form (in addition to singular and plurar), but the Litoral dialects don't use it
Suppose this mystery is cracked heh
Margin of error is diferrente in this surveys, beacuse what they are just lots of surveys included together.
General feel of the photo tells me that birth date and photo could match but that photo was made in late 80s or beggining of 90s. And photos on ID cards are just wierd sometimes
or been shot with one, or threatened even.
Actually, I think it would be more fun to first watch them agree on the rules :D
I'd have much more time if I browsed less internet, but it is pretty pleasantly recharging to do along with a coffee after lunch
Like "Lost" is "Izgubljeni otok" which in singles is "Lost Island". This comes on the top of my head
> Tax havens would be eliminated by a minimum tax level everyone has to pay
He was just about to meat his friends in a bar and than that guy shows up.
Elements like W for volfram, K for kalij, Na for natrij make more sense, but then O for kisik, C for ogljik and N for dušik make less sense
Wouldnt make them cheeper to make than 0,01$ per pennie?
That's half-hilarious and half-true (I'll let you figure out which part is which), so it usually dispels any tension
Amongst people on similar positions in a single company, it generally isn't discussed, since nobody wants any tensions in case salaries are different
For singular you you have:
We do not have the names for generations
I've been to a shopping center supermarket yesterday and everything seemed normal
Usually there is no one on the border at all, not even on the highway
And whether business that sell food will use and whether they'll be forced to disclose that
Yeah, can't trust the people with people rights.
\<0 cold
I love how Belarus literally has Moscow
Me pleases that we have realized
No, there have been talks of Serbs making their own party because they feel like they need more privileges and I don't like that either.
Never heard of them being here.
He didn't say it, he declared it
The last battle of WWII in Europe was fought in Slovenia at Poljana na Koroškem, on the 15 May 1945, a whole week after the capitulation of Germany
It's also a great game for young adults to play at 3:00 in the morning when they are shitfaced
Not as a speciality, but stuff like burgers, sausages, hot dogs, meat loafs
Can you please post the source for this picture?
If it weren't, then there wouldn't be such a big deal about it
Pisses me off to see France getting constantly attacked for past years, on top of domestic instability
Through 1957-1959 they cracked down on all critics (approx
A lot
I went through Ženica on my way to Sarajevo this summer
It's delicious, but an absolute bitch to prepare.
I think its pretty much the same for boys
With the exception of Serbo-Croatian which they do not use, they are fluent in both of those languages
So if the euro goes down so does the kuna
French require math, this expression I expect requires some history knowledge
I'd reckon the stuff between Idrija,Vrhnika and Škofja Loka
It kinda is 14 degrees right this moment
Based
If you haven't lived here, don't make any comments on the city itself
Italian is the co-official language because the coastline of Slovenia had a substantial italian population until 1954, after that year most of them emigrated to Italy with just a few thousand people remaning
Yes of course because the US is way older than Europe
That is why his words have changed the way right-wing parties(who are majority) operate.
I can't seem to relate it to anything we have nor any German or English I can remember
Not once Trump gets a hold of it
Yes, sometimes it's necessary but most of the times people just eat something lighter.
The moment when he got mustache, hit me hard
And one of the safest in Europe.
But to remain in the office and enjoy the benefits after it you need to play by the rules OR you pay consequences
Traditional name for March in Slovenian is **sušec**.
A have to visit place deffinatly.
Edit: nevermind
Is the housing problem region specific?
" attitude to WW2 and immediate post war period
You can't get rich in entertainment industry, we're too small.
Therfore going to england isbtehnicaly going to a nother country.
I don't actually think of another language that has two written standards for what is suppose to be the same language.
Is there a point to you spamming this board with photos of Croatian military junk or are you doing it cause you have nothing to do whatsoever?
Keep in mind that highest oppression level was until around 48'-49' (Tito Stalin split)
" ("Kvaj zj, a kej fukate
Damn, that's a hassle and a rip-off
I've been stopped once, for a quick check when going from Italy to Slovenia
Because obviously they'd have to go through Croatian or Italian waters.
you get here 3 or 2 days of paid leave for moving
You are welcome
I live (and work) seasonally quite close to Faviken Magasinet.
People dont trust the Media because they are not even trying to be objective.
One time he came out of the forest, within 15 meters of her and her dog
Part of the cliff crashed down a few weeks ago, and it's not really reccomended to go there now
That's a tough one for my country.
I shit you not I have actually seen one woman walking aroung here dressed all in black robe.
Most countries keepmthe drafr "in the event of war" in 🇸🇮 i am required to sjow upnto frontline infentry while my ister sits at home.
Tsar was in Russia I am from Slovenia
As long as shit is being said / written / done / posted, people will discuss it.
So you would combine England, Scotland and Wales into Great Britain football team?
You'll pass through Bled on the way to Bohinj (unless you take some back roads)
Thousands of cases are still pending
They are Central Europe for me because I think they have far more in common with Austria than with Belarus or Russia.
I don't know what foreigners think about us, though.
So while my English vocabulary exploded, my Slovene one shrunk significantly
I just hope our PM stays silent
once again, people are giving them values , those values are not intrinsic to the object/item
Since when does Russian inferiority complex need a trigger?
So you think the only buildings we have are dwellings?
It doesn't mean anything, other than actually being Dutch/from the Netherlands.
"If it's gonna be another heavily processed image
The number really nails it
"How many
Ignorance
There is a large number of them, in all generations
Slovenia remembers WWI General Maister
One of the stops on the tour is Pokljuka.
but im the type of guy who rants having to pay more than 10 bucks for a shirt and lidl has good clothing prices
Let's wait first for UK to leave and then see what happens.
We also have bonfires ([kres] on 30th of April but we don't have any witches we just have bonfires and drink alcohol
Okay, the language has similar roots, but the culture
Croatians (HRvaška) - HRčki - Hamsters
I think it was when we got POP TV which was in 1995.
Undo what you have done
I don't blame modern-day Germans for that, so no reason for things to get awkward
It's usually served with sour milk or mushroom soup.
Ker je kar malo čudno, da glede na to da se tile planšarji vsak dan pijani tolčejo malone do smrti, uradna statistika pravi da je kriminala in nasilja veliko več v lj in drugih "mestih".
Giving the french a claim on the empire.
I can say that when I was little and my grandmother told me stories from WWII I always taught that Germans were the good guys in that war and partisans were bad guys
Not Mitteleuropa , but you guys alone.
Didnt you guy join them wilingly without a fight?
Well according to google we have between 800-1000 spider species.
You mean kids who comment under the articles?
Why not divide entire BiH between Serbia and Croatia while we are at it?
They probably travelled faster tbh
It's a dream, though not a realistic one
ena reče "živjo, jst sm Stanka"!
What are the Baltics afraied of?
I think everyone knows commie blocks = cities.
[link] [italian subtitles part 1] & [part 2]
At first, I thought neighbors were doing some work outside and using some heavy machinery (as they have been for the past couple days)
Why are you calling me a horse
I remember a similar nail game when I was a kid attending 'village games'. But there was no drinking connected to the game itself as they were already drunk at that point
...and Slovenian has that (different for 3-4 objects than 5+) _plus_ dual so three plurals :)
If you live 5 hours from home you probably won't go home every weekend
I'm a mix of Serb/Croat/Slovene ancestry and I steer clear of most political topics while travelling and drinking with people.
Mrtev si, zastopiš. Pričakuj me kikoli, kdajkoli, ker te lahko ubijem na več ko sednsto različnih načinov, in to sao z mojimi golimi rokami
Many korean think this make eropeans to discomfort.
Celjski dom (Celje house) used to be called 'German house'.
A royal favorite who was pushed into rebellion because of miseeds of a warlord who was only there because the king was inert, then became the leader of a nation that barely existed before, and finally killed at the peak of his popularity by a bounty hunter, thus becoming the first head of state assassinated with a pistol.
Germans didn't pay enough for what they did
It really isn’t that similar
On the west we have contact with romance speaking Europe, on the north with germanic Europe and we are a slavic speaking country that has contact with the slavic Balkans on the south side
Mods need to flair this as not being handed out by UKIP party as other redditors have clarified and that this has bee handed out in the past and is not being handed out anymore.
We are getting there with Janša as PM, ok
*Percentage of parliamentary seats held by women*
I have an ID card, drivers licence, pasport - these are the offitial documents, i also have a students ID card
We've got a miniscule 46
what is its intrinsic value
Slovenia has more dialects (which are the primary use of communication locally) than EU has languages, and some of the dialects are further apart than some EU languages
Need to get rid of right-wing cunts who are currently in the driver's seat
You are in denial
Looking at text messages: Where are all the vowels
Italian is a co-official language in the area where I live, sice an italian minority lives here
Some commentators begged them to do it
It's due to the Imgur title that jokes with the US.
You know we live in shitty times when my first reaction was: Cmon, not this shit again
I think it would easily pass a referendum if there was one.
It was always the other sides fault
If the jackpot was not won, it was split among other prizes, multiplying them by 4 or 5 times
Nice flair there, a flag of a country that doesn't exist.
I got bureaucratic thing done in a day that would take weeks at home
How often do you see a black person?
You get the benifit of cheep power close to you, and if it goes bum Belarous is not efected all that much.
So % of muslims didn't went up in last 10 years?
Half of her instagram posts are showing off gucci, LV and other shit like that
Some use rice, some barley, some buckwheat...
What we apparently disagree on is my claim that the US didn't do it out of altruism but out of pure self-interest - that not being a negative thing but simply realpolitik
There are about 10 stray cats roaming around in our village
Most of the stuff can be reached by local train/bus.
For Slovenia i would recomend Outsider
The only reason not to put raisins in potica is if you do not like raisins
I disagree
If it has trees on the top, it isn't a mountain.
They have their own local TV and radio station in italian
i had to look at the polish map only, if you think there are only 200 nato personell in poland you must be dumb as hell
Yes subsidized food for students is kinda unique.
Go through the parisian suburbs and ask them about the jews.
Oh there is a very big difference between the Ljubljana and Maribor accents and especially their dialects
Locals seemed above averagely happy with it (which is not a lot, but something)
Than croatia launched chocolate atacs against the Slovenes (alpine Serbs) and Serbs to retaliate.
I would be agains tit on the basis of lacked controll.
I do
I dislike Slovenian translations for that very reason- they change names and even movie titles way too much
There are other countries beside the EU with which US can trade.
It's a tradition
Bosnia almost annexed by Serbia?
Josip Broz Tito
But we got Comors and Fiji, so all is well, all is well.
When I came to Slovakia, I could understand most of what was written or what the people were saying
desert : prekmurska gibanica, the other thing: ajdovi žganci
Most live paycheck to paycheck
I think she did not know what really happened in the war and had good memories of German soldiers because when they came life got better for her
Others were on time
There is time enough
I’ve now come so far that I don’t let it bother me and just tell whoever thought I couldn’t understand what they were saying to try and not be an absolutely disgusting person in public
The only natural island, that still exists
*A pit* would be *brezno*, I think.
Scotland has to ask England if it may hold a referendum on its own future
Oh don't worry, Im gonna tell people who voted yes and who voted against
A much more interesting and diverse experience in my opinion
The rise of radical Islamic terrorism can be traced back to the disappearance of leftist groups in the Middle East.
You could jump 2 social classes with that pay and made the future of your family very nice
and Drava (Maribor)
> Slovenians: outdated "Windische" because of a) the hill range "Windische Bühel" in the (back then) Inner-Styrian language border/language mixing zone and b) Slovenian was called "Windisch" >100 years ago)
In other parts of Slovenia this scale might be different
That's the tricky part if you are from a mountain village with your own funny grammar rules.
Am I the only one who thinks universal income would have a disastrous effect on society?
Same here in Slovenia
Talk about refugees all you want but do not talk about as Germany is miraculously getting shafted in the EU.
Malta is epic, can confirm
Lots of greenery and walking zones
Russia is just one side of a two-sided blood stained coin
Dont listen to him, he is a bitter liberal o wants to censor descenting opinions.
Večina ljudi ti bo zatrdila, da najbolj "čisto" slovenščino govorijo v okolici Celja, slišal sem tudi ljudi omenjati okolico Kamnika.
I hope he wasn't too mad after.
Does this end at some point
We had 2 other roomates
Drkajva skupaj - Blades of glory
I've read about Australian example where the government gave people money and encouraged them to spend it on goods like video games.
Fuck yeah, we get back Trst, Gorica and Celovec
I am, Croatia *has* to be better than this
I don't think it's uniquely an English thing
It's actually La Gioconda or Monna Lisa in Italian.
And lots of other people helping
so many lessons which led to the best world we’ve ever seen willfully ignored that it’s hard to believe this destabilisation of democracies accross the western world was a bug rather than a feature
German- because I already know some basics French- it might be useful
Looks beautiful, we've been talking about visiting Romania with my friends for a while and stuff like this sure helps start the conversation.
for individuals who are for any reason unwilling or uncapable of reflection and critical thinking, and perhaps unsatisfied with their own place in society, this mix of circumstances makes them very susceptible to ideologies such as nationalism, racism etc
Why don't they use it, is it a recent language as a result of secession, or was it rooted out while you were part of Russia
That would fit right in with the [history of Münster]
I think Italian has a better chance at that.
How about Nagoro Karabah Republic?
After the tech came around everything was fixed within an hour, but it took him 3 days to get here.
A lot of people here speak and comprehend italian, but not many actually speak it at home and in their everyday life
Podravska
The problem is that all British-Army/RAF/Navy assets are loyal to Westminster, and could not simply be co-opted by a newly independent state.
I have also heard a lot of Bosnians/Serbs (I can't tell a difference between those 'languages').
Its the damn politics that is dividing us.
It isn't really surprising that some gays and and Jews lack empathy toward muslims who want to oppress *them*.
[Ansambel Žlindra & Kalamari - Narodnozabavni Rock]
English stags need to be banned in Europe
All of our valleys are oriented north-south, so we get almost the minimum amount of light and our hills are higher.
I like the LOTR translations, since they didn't change too much like Harry Potter translations did, which I think was unnecessary
But one of my favorites has to be an abandoned graveyard
I sure hope not
Actually, hasn't croatia considered anytime adopting just a red/white checkboard for its flag
National governments are expected both direct the EU and take orders from it at the same time.
Yes and we're mocking them for it, yet we're gulping up exactly what brought them where they are
This exactly
Sveta Ana, sej je isto objavljeno na r/Slovenija
Now these competitions don't even air on TV.
No, but last weak I seen a guy in a supermarket parking lot wearing surgical mask and corona virus is trough last weak always on the front page of news sites
I remember hearing both on Serbian, Croatian and Ukrainian radio stations
We don't have an upper limit on abortion and the last time a woman died from abortion complications was in the 80s.
And the host always has to go "thank you for your input, this does not represent the views of RTV Slovenia in any way" and while he's saying this they drop the old fuck off the air.
From the bottom
I've seen way too many occasions on which they colluded with the businesses they were supposed to inspect.
It is a minority of Muslims that actually want that...
Good
F1 fans joined the chat
eh, Angel, chill, it was a joke.
No clue, sorry; but the guys over at /r/iwantout or even /r/americansineurope might have better knowledge.
i hope Ireland can stand its ground and not alowe the english to steal their land.
This is the most Italian thing I have ever seen
A house on lake Bled, Slovenia [OC]
So he was literally a Slovenian meme for a while...
The religion hate that is spreading has very diferent effects depending on culture
I speak serbian/croatian flawlessly and yet when I go to visit any of them I immediately become a Janez ...
The EU and Bosnia-Herzegovina on a slippery slope |
> Then why did we feed, clothe, arm and supply the Soviet Army for the entire war
[Remember wild Ruslana from Eurovision
Anatolia aka Asia Minor is in Asia, therefor Asian.
Right now not much is being done, because the political parties prefer to keep the city a monument to destruction in the open, so that they could score cheap political points before every election.
If Armenia invokes CSTO and Russia sees a need to pacify Turkey, in order to defend its ally, you can bet your burger ass that NATO will be mobilised to defend them
Rakija also has more tradition attached to itself than šnops here in Slovenia, I think
Others may disagree, of course.
Documentaries in here only have a narrator, not really a presenter talking to the camera
So basically, the engine, frame and suspension is the same, you just pay for a fancier image with VW.
The people we interacted with were alright as well.
Or do we agree on that as well
In a union, ideally everyone would be of equal power
To me it was an embarrassing moment when I went to Munich with my school
No idea if people bought those as well
Also talk to your bank and tell them you're going abroad.
It was ridiculous, my great grandfather ended in prison for a few days because he told a joke about Tito in a pub
Reporting for duty
Ulrich was already regent of Hungary at that time, had control over many lands in modern day Slovenia, some parts of Austria and especially in the Balkans
Eurospin, ohgodwhy), but am not mad at their produce nor baked goods
I guess i'll eat fat today
Od kod prihajaš?
I have a question for Italians, why would you come here
Do you really think a German €2 coin is worth more than a Spanish one?
The plum ones are more popular here as well
I didn't mean jokes per se, more like teasing.
- Mary of England = Marija I. Tudor
You paied bribes and unregistered workers while ypu were in Budapest?
Oh yes I always prefer non-salty water
Yes
If none of those powers could destroy our culture and language I have no fear of barely literate religious extremists.
Imagine trying to describe all the various fantasy weaponry, spells etc
Yeah, bread is eaten with everything even things like pasta
In the right column you have community details and the last option is community options
The only problem is that insitances of corruption that happen are not being dealt properly due to poorly written laws.
I'd maybe add Drnovšek as a president to the best list.
I needed a year, so I picked the one when fancy tourism started in Istria.
So these foreigners come uninvited and take away jobs from honest French nationalists?
We always just said kamen škarje papir, shaking the fist on kamen and škarje and then opening it on papir.
Personally, I think that's more important than the dates
Vatican for starting the wave of recognitions of our independence
It really isn’t that similar
I'm talking about Stolac on OP's photo.
I meant that
We tell people to bring their own slippers to a party
>used exclusively in sexual context
*Mr Lastname* in formal situations
Bread with pasta
Yes, the important countries made a decision and others followed
There are plenty of WW2 monuments to Istrian battalions all over Istria, I wouldn't say they didn't participate in any wars
If you are russian, you probably like this map, you got the baltic states, Belarus and it says Russia on Ukraine so you get that too
That is why we have so much more in common with Austria than Croatia
yeah thats what i wrote, but reddit displayed 1.
I can't find the hostel on hostelworld anymore, which is where we booked it from
That way, the system won't be unfair to anyone and you'll get much more motivated and capable solders.
If the EU treats the UK in a hostile way then voters in it's member countries will be disgusted and encouraged to revolt.
and do woman change their surname if they marry
It's raining 90% of the time
These types of posts should be flaired with "Size isn't everything" or something like that.
their relationship will be sapphic?
In the village of Lom, after Pust, the unmarried men chop down a spruce tree and drag it through the village as a way to tease women who haven't found a husband yet.
Except when bar is packed then you go and other because otherwise they won't see you
But that's the only way
We pay around 20€ per month for basic health care, and you can get it for free if you're unemployed & looking for work.
I wonder how many of the older generation, just don't connect office work, facebook, mail and internet.
Izbrisal te bom z natančnostjo kakršna še ni bila videna na tej Zemlji, zapomni si moje besede.
> One day you find out that that one barricaded doorway in the basement of your secondary school leads down to an uncharted 16th century cellar system that runs the length of the town centre, but noone's been down there in a century
They keep repeating here to us to use contactless cards when paying
I mean they were part of the same country for centuries, almost a millennium (Czechia and Slovenia were even part of the Holy Roman Empire, moreover, Slovenia was part of the Frankish Empire)
Because having the Nazis win would've been the same result except with Germany in charge, which would arguably have been even worse
We dont have any upcoming elections but its the same here
That's actually some decent trolling.
[Article] about Mafia involvement in earthquake reconstruction.
Hopefully, it will not escalate too far.
Led a crazy life
One of the breaks, usually after 1st or 2nd period is 20 min and it's when kids have breakfast/snack
30), and they say at six and a half
May I remind that Slobodan Milošević was aquited of all charges post humno by the court ICTY.
Now that we're in the modern era with synthetic dyes, purple is actually a viable choice
nagasaki,
Completely different than here.
30+°C hell on earth
Many of the Carinthian surnames you’ve mentioned are common in Slovenia but spelled differently
>But to be fair, the Americans did nothing for you in particular
Czekia is mich better, shprter and les cumbersome.
Very effective when I want to trigger Poles on reddit
Lada Niva was very popular
You should try the Universety of Ljubljana in Slovenia.
The holy tourist triangle of Ljubljana, Bled and Piran
Pregnancy is avoidable but it can happen.
The fact that we heavily invested into motorways in the last 30 years, while ignoring public transport, doesn't help either.
Trenutno sn v kontakti z mojo skrito mrežo vohunov po celi Sloveniji in sledim tvojemu IP-ju tak da se pripravi na razfuk, pubec
It's a shame, because Norilsk is a pretty interesting city, and there's a bunch of really interesting articles out there that look past the clickbait-y garbage, and talk about how the city population crashed in post-Soviet towns, why it's growing again, and how people there actually live
Also in this weird triangle shaped carton.
We have representatives in our parlament who we voted in to run our country.
We've heard about the situation through the national news and anyone I've asked said it's crazy that police would let this happen.
They even ask you if you want to take it with you
Slovenia
Have you ever heard of slippers
) together with "bo" (will be)
Are there any new non-American cartoons on TV anymore?
Accompanied by flag waiving*, cheering, coordinated clothes and all.
because as soon as people spend actual cash on it, that is what its value becomes
In modern cities the milk is chemically pasteurised (with chemical "stabilisers"), that allows the milk to shit on a shelf for 3 weeks.
This would be taken to mean "anyone but Slovene". In this light, the percentage makes sense
They're not really Slovene, they're mostly made up or have other origins.
I still can't hold a conversation in German, even though I am studying it for 5 years now
Thats why it would be really smart to make united european army , so national armies can downsize.
You can switch 'for free' then, except they are going to make you pay off all the discounts they gave you
That is genocide/forceful occupation
) controversial and disputed, but I'll put down two:
German being mostly in the northern parts, as you said earlier
We lost the bulk of our industry
I'm surprised we don't Google ourselves the most
Maybe it's local lingo, I don't think I have heard it here in my parts
mostly due to those ridiculous gloves which are designed to maximise knockouts
May that racist asshole burn in hell
Has there been a single recorded terror attack in Belarus?
>Our country was a part of Austria-Hungary then and I believe that Austrian rule was better than what we have now
Took me some time, but here you go:
But folks here are in general anti-American.
Which makes all situations very difficult and de-escalation unlikely since the UK made the first step in alienating itself by rejecting core EU values
no offence but we are kinda very good best...
What the heck is a little man purse?
Then bilinguism is compulsory in written documents
If she acted upon that hate, that may become hate speech.
Mostly it's just seen as naive for adults but appropriate for children.
Turkish
She didn't try to be petted by anyone else but me.
A few times a year when I go to Austria for shopping.
West Slovenia doesn't have to have everything, let us have the capital
Why that's simple: a big house, multiple cars, a goddamn yacht, the usual FLEX
I really doubt collapse of the EU will happen.
The Queen would just be the representative of the UK state instead of of the UK member state
I also stayed away from parents for 4 years when I was studying
he argues that western liberalism, by explicitly abstaining from prescribing you any sort of meta narrative, is essentially leaving a huge emotional void in people’s lives
I hear some places in Slovenia around where gypsies live don't serve alcohol and I suppose they care a lot more about security in those parts, but I don't see how a symbol would keep them away.
Stickful sounds hilarious to me
People have very good knowledge of 'geography' as in where things are
Medium city: 100k
Most they do business-wise is open a tiny hair salons for curly hair or a small as fuck shop that gets very few clientele.
Most of the tim i support Putin, but that is only because he stands up to NATO if EU was an independant externaly neutral mičitary block, we would stand strong.
Our friendship in 1991 shouldn't be overstated, and neither should our current issues.
Anyone else here builds houses the way we do?
I know our school did it
That would be a good idea for an EU regulation - absolute prohibition of opening new coal plants to be extended to any sort of fossil fuel plants by 2045
The average adult cooks regularly, yet hardly ever gets into logarithms or quadratic equations
He must have missed the recent threads in /r/Europe.
What he said is not what usual europan thinks about erdogan.
I’m an etymology buff, so I love words that have a very interesting origin
I havent seen no groping or raping, but threat of terrorism is undeniable.
Mustio I
Vesel tortni dan (happy cake day)
"Knedl" is what we put is soup
From our point of view, Kajkavian sounds very cute and almost Slovenian.
I think there were similar cases regarding MKO members arrested in EU as well
In general, I don't feel any closer connection to Slavic speaking countries than to other countries and I dont' see why I should.
The biggest difference was how both sides bounced from oil crisis of the 70's. The west got it's "reaganomics" (the first step towards current neoliberalism) economic boom, while the east including Yugoslavia slowly stagnated
But we still love you, so, see, anything can be overcome ;)
> Schnitzelsemmel
I lived in an old building with a flat, black roof with no AC.
Dangerous people when it comes to discussing history
Reopening of embassy in Tehran seen as new chapter in relations
the UK, yes
Cheese stuffed pizza crust isn't either
true, but stray a kilometer away and it's poverty everywhere.
I'm sure you'll have a great time.
Literally how I feel about Austria with the exception of Vienna
Je en zelo lep mest na hrvaškem , čiz ob meji z bosno.
And for my country specifically I'll say we are very homogenous, that also tends to amplify all differences.
The situation will not get as drastic as you picture it.
so no one was told they will be "stacking sugar on the store shelves"? it was a classic  in my household
Chad Serbia on the chart 3 times
Why have a PM that doesn't do anything
Or perhaps it's just that nobody wants to seem racist by using derogatory language for blacks but with Slavs it's normalized
Moral and ethical principles of world religions
First the created oblasts centered around the main towns (MB and LJ in our case) and then banovinas centered around rivers (Drava in our case)
>and for some of them English is second foreign language (German being first)
The post attempts to deliver to anyone at your address who answers the door, so I suppose you could pick something up for anyone in the building
Someone from Šentilj has the same taste as someone in Priština 1050km away but different than someone in Spielfeld 10km away.
Tricky, we have 4 neighbours and reactions would be different for each of them.
Thechnicaly correct, but it just so happens that in Islam that happens far more often than with any more religion
Just to give you a perpective, neto minimum salary is around 650 € as of this year, adjusted once per year
I prefer the daylight saving time, because it gives me an extra hour of daylight in the afternoon.
Now you are just loud guests who drive really slow, but we like you
Also the Roman empire
And if you keep reading continuously news like this [one] you just start to worry
In Slovenia same (Prosim) but if its like a friend or family member or something I just answe with "Ja = Yes" or "Ja reči = Yes go ahead"
It's left cheek, right cheek, lips
I have never heard anything ill said about Hungarians
5 perfect
I think that in Italian mixed area there are seperate Slovenian and Italian schools
Those are a mess even in a single country
It's not that difficult of a judgment call.
I could see how we could Goriška, Kranjska, Štajerska, Prekmurje and Koroška could separate.
Idk man
Bećki konjušari
Considering how many ppl in the West are overweight, some practical exposure to efficient and/or healthy food prep would be good for kids
And on inconpetent one in politics....
We get more coastline, you get a coastline, win win
So why is the population declining so sharply?
Črnci - meaning black people (yes plural)
Novo mesto (meaning New City) was settled since the Early Iron Age (though it's name was given to it by Rudolf IV
&#x200B;
Funny how most of the issues stem from the time of SFRY.
Meanwhile, Mišo doesn't even sing at his concerts, he just stands there with his hands raised.
>But to be fair, the Americans did nothing for you in particular
I sincerely hope that this is not the end of cooperation between the UK and the rest of Europe
We don't have stray dogs but there are stray cats
Didn't know that would have thought it was opposite.
#/media/File:Cold_War_alliances_mid-1975.svg
Although they are separate town and Nova Gorica is younger (so they don't qualify), they're just across the border and, if the said border was gone, the two towns would be basically indiscernable on a map
Ljubljana is Osrednjeslovenska, or Central region (historicaly part of Dolenjska, Lower Carniola), Maribor is Štajerska or  Styria, and Koper is Primorska or  Littoral
Let's look at what the amendment actually says, OK?
The USA is illegitimate, we should cut off relations with them and Trump, Americans are savages/not true Westerners/subhuman, they deserve to be attacked, they're a bunch of lazy violent idiots, they should be nuked into oblivion, we should nationalize their assets, I fucking hate Americans/the yanks
Here in Slovenia we call these krofi, so I suppose we got the word from you guys then
Besides the war in Ukraine you mean?
Most original Slovenian fairy tales and stories are dark af
So why would you want European cultures to disappear?
So with low voters turnout those 10% are enough that they become winner of election but still without the possibility to go into coalition with any other party to form a government they are doomed to be in opposition until voter turnout fails even more
Yes, because it's not socially acceptable.
After each period there's a 5 minute break
This makes me want to do it even more
This is such a good opportunity!
These were terrible
Also it wont have that usual charm
Valvasor
It's not like we rationally hate the people now, obviously we moved on from it but I've personally never heard anything good about the Turks growing up
We're at the intersection of east-west and south-north transport corridors, so it's convenient to have us as part of the single market
This makes me want to do it even more
Slovenian isn't different due to German and Italian influence
I love Russia, they save our bacon time and time again.
It had everything from money-laundering through casinos scheme, buying your way into politics and position of power, a coup, and spam mail
Zahvaljujem se ti
OK, Slovenia is always left outside, it seam that this is again the case or am I just unable to find this function
They occupy mountain huts for days, even more than a week.
than other ex-Yugoslavian countries.
Edit: seems I misunderstood
I do think this sub is very leftist.
male
There was a corrupt mayor in Maribor (second largest city).
I know this comes up a lot and people here joke about it, but in this New Years holidays I had to explain that Slovenia is NOT Slovakia
As someone from other Slovakia, I can confirm that we too have "Nizozemska" (Lowlandia), which does only refer to the Netherlands though
I have never heard anyone say they dislike Turks because of what happened 5-6 centuries ago
From the last decade
Doubt it
"Keine" is German for "no" or "zero", right?
I see now how Purgatory looks like.
Also I believe it's Savica fall
Če nisi levičar si pa takoj troll.
Both of those are pretty much bullshit if you aply them to the whole population, but you can find individiuals that fit the stereotype.
If he shits himself, he will be a soldier
Although you can't see it on this map but we have 4 and we're tiny.
Euros
Hey, yeah I can see how those two might seem contradictory.
... ok
While all racism is discrimination not all discrimination is racism
So this is the AFC Wimbledoon beef backstory, this horrific town
How would you view for example Czech culture if not in the context of Western cultures heavily influenced by Western Christianity and Greco-Roman culture
Which was in 1914 not 1912
In Slovenia, women get beaten and raped every day.
I am pretty sure that Putin wouldn't stand like that
Okay, if one's still paying taxes in his come country then he should vote.
I get my rent paid and money for living.
3 in 10
As long as he's not a jerk, it's fine
Just too many super religious rednecks for my tastes
Germans usually speak english well, spaniards, not so much (no offence guys)
West has a lot of italian influence, north has more german influence and the northeast has some hungarian influence, in general terms.
Most people also don't differentiate between someone from NI, Scotland, Wales, or England and just call everything together "England" and everyone "English". I seem to recall the other 3 "countries" not being huge fans of that
They seem just a bit worse than French cars and on the same level as Fiat.
not goods, not money (which is called fiat money because its value is set by the government/society and is not pegged to a physical good)
My point is that it's a deterioration, but not a dramatic one.
Religion
Usually by the time you go to school you're supposed to ride without those little wheels
I probably can’t compare us to other foreigners as we are your neighbors and Klagenfurt(or Celovec as we call it) is very close to the border but pretty much everybody knows about it
Other two Kolizej and one on Topniška street (named after the artillery that was housed there) were back under Yugoslavia social housing
I don't know any for Slovenia
The towns were never a single whole, but they literaly "touch" each other and are increasingly starting to function as a single urban area as the borders controls were abolished with Slovenia entering Schengen in 2008
Don't worry, there aren't any to follow.
lol, upsala is a word we use when we did something clumsily, like almost tripping over or almost leaving an umbrella on the bus
I also don't think that Croatia or Slovenia would profit from prolonging the war (perhaps attempting to gain more land
There are border controls, also fence on the south border for the migrants
And how they were viewed as heroes.
Officially it is not yet determined, but there are indices that put the blame to at least local authorities although direction was supposed to came directly from top leaders of Yugoslavia  [Dispatch from Kardelj]
I agree that there is a lot in the air.
[Habsburg jaw] is the exact opposite of a weak chin.
Known terrorists and terror suspects are two different things.
Yes, we have the same thing (in common with all other Slavic languages).
All have the right to speak italian during mostly slovene-speaking sessions
Serbia, everibody is friendly to everyboy (exept ther neoghbours)
Yep
Final edit: You guys need to fucking chill the fuck out.
I go to college for a profession in that area.
I'm from Slovenia, which is probably the most developed country from the former yugoslavia.
They counted "at least 61 mass murders carried out with firearms across the country, with the killings unfolding in 30 states from Massachusetts to Hawaii," they found.
It's good enough
Trying to balance protected areas with an increasing number of tourists on a small land is not easy.
**Francois Fillon, best standing presidential candidate of the French right, said: The independence of Kosovo is contrary to international law**
Sorry, but you can only buy one-way ticket for Italian ferry service.
But it'd be odd if you had a job and didn't help with expenses, like paying some bills and buying food
26th is  Independence and Unity Day so also a work free day
Either way I stated from my own example how my prejudice doesn't stem from their country of origin or their skin color but rather from the way they choose to present themselves
Cifra ali grb - number or coat of arms
I was there after several years and I must say now it's much prettier than it was before
That says a lot about the Irish government, not the EU
a 1 image critique of biast media reporting, it is a throw back to the Kosovo war, but relevant today with how central european media portraies some people and how it portraies others.
Holy shit, I was awake on the computer and thought I was dying of a heart attack or something
But the main reason is because we are cheap.
I always use S in words like "generalise" and U in "colour", I say boot and lid and bonnet, I say "zed" and not "Zee" but I pronounce it all "the US way" because it's easier for me.
I've created a series of maps that shows the various versions of what is/could be/should be considered "Eastern Europe" and why it doesn't make sense, so if you're curious, feel free to check them out [here]
Yes they also want to make their Nova24tv (crazy nationalist propaganda) much more popular and obligatory on all tvs or something idk
Traditional folk
Also I'd have to make roughly 10x more there to be able to afford the same level of security and comfort in life as here
It's just that church has way too much power there.
However, governments have been known to use the money for other purposes!
i argued over this around 3 months ago.
Than they get fed food and booze until they pass out
Strunjan is the best spot, if you ask me
"In" means "and" in slovene
A third of all replies in this thread are about them
If that is so, this law makes no sense.
Alright, so I gathered data from different sites because there are no official numbers for Slovenia.
We should help Americans contain the Chinese.
Either in 8th century to [Carantania] because it would be interesting to see how our ancestors lived
Apart from what everyone else gets, we get a lot of Serbian and Bosnian "cigumigu".
PS the title literalery goes: "This is not a political song"
I mean point can be made that white europeans will lose their majority in a country like US but for Europe to turn Islamic?
When there's a celebrity anything in Slovenia, majority of the so called celebrities have never even been seen before.
The profit and interest was with individuals running the countries and not countries in general
You see, pineapple on a pizza is a bit like incest - even though it can be a victimless crime in some circumstances, it so offends the moral sensibility of normal people that it ought to be illegal
in primary school but I was that kid who took part in competitions
Danes je sreda, moji dečki
For fathers we may use "foter" (from German Vater) in a similar sense I guess
France, Italy, Spain, Belgium, the Netherlands etc.) you will need to apply for a Schengen visitor visa.
It happaned many times that when they called the names they listed, no one showed up because they made up their names on a whim.
Don't you call them serbs
Eventually the renaming to Yugoslavia happened
Why would majority buildings be communist buildings?
Noricum coins were minted in my city.
Letalo - Flying stuff (aeroplane)
We're supposed to be better than this
Thats it
-Political Eastern Europe is East of the Iron Curtain, or everything that was under the Soviets
city centre is pretty nice tbh, OP just took the pic from a less nice part.
Yeah that is true, but we can go into forever talking about who got spanked harder..
Well that explains a lot
Italians really need to learn to build their towers right
No one gave proper rights to people at the time.
Our goverment threw hands in the air last year as covid situation started, let the "opposition" to take reins (our current goverment) and is now complaining about "draconic/fashist covid measures
OK, Slovenia is always left outside, it seam that this is again the case or am I just unable to find this function
BTW "go back to Slovenia" was kind of a meme/catchphrase when Ali G in da house came out
No, as far as I know, only Spanish speaking world considers North and South America as one continent.
He was looking kind of dumb, with a finger on no bomb, without even having a warhead
Their religion and culture are not the same as european and are mostly middle eastern aka muslim.
Westerners usually use "Balkan" in a derogatory manner, so it can trigger some nasty reactions
tokyo,
Support the recognition of canadian french as a unique and separate language and fan the flames of separatism until they need us to play peacemakers?
After adopting the euro the purchasing power dropped
Why hello there
nope
West Slovenia doesn't have to have everything, let us have the capital
If you live in another country, you are an immigrant.
It was still a lot and a very difficult situation to handle.
If you ask me, the whole country is a national park :p
If you decide to re-visit and want some more tips on what to go see, also, feel free to ping me, I'm always happy to give people some tips :)
Considering that EU member states can't handle their own trade stuff, I wonder what would happen if an EU MS did just that
They need much more room
We do have school sports leagues like 'school basketball league' (ŠKL) but it's nothing serious.
I bought a can of [this] in Belgrade a few weeks ago.
Shortcut
Well
Since Slovenia is very small almost everyone has been out of their home country.
He was on 24ur on the day of elections.
But he represents the interests of the whole EU.
I guess it's up to each individual
But he's also not a stranger to corruption and other shady deals
The optimistic forecasts put the temperature at 37°C, the more pessimistic put the temperature at 40°C. Worth noting that the highest temperature ever recorded was 40,8°C. It's gonna be hot hot hot
Once you play dumb long enough they don't give a crap if you don't send 2 or 3 job applications a month.
Kaj za vraga si ravnokar rekel o meni, ti pes mali?
Defence Minister of Slovenia: We are close to reaching NATO target [Translation in comments]
employers giving less/no time off)?
I stepped aside and when she passed us she turned around and said that we are not the only Slovenians there
And especially a fascist-written constitution which was written without the consent and participation of said people
3 stoli
n the face of this anti-globalist
It depends, with welfare policies like in europe the things would be way less profitable...
They fully produce their own weapons and systems and are know to be one of the best in the world.
[Karl Erjavec] - the guy has been the minister of everything in all governments so far.
you can really see the war in Ukraine **was** was no joke
And also if you sign up for the international highschool graduation you probably want to leave the country for college
Maybe we could even save up somethi g instead of ending every mobth with 0 and 200 on credit card :(
Out of curiosity, what exactly would you consider to be an enlightened immigration policy (sans quote marks)?
Finnish and Estonian look quite similar, but I don't speak either of the two, so I can't say how similar they really are.
The holocaust (gathering a group of people and sending them to a concentration camp to be gased to death) in nazi Germany wasn't illegal for example
It creates a very "you don't believe the right way" feeling.
Sam pazi, da ni Natureta, ker je zdaj Hrvaška.
A failed state with no viable army where we have to share power with *the croats*?
And that's why we're having the most fun =_=
I always love seeing that house, it reminds me of my childhood
I like most countries I visited (not Austria though, sorry).
Our biggest lake completely disappears twice a year
I don't know what you tried to prove, but you failed nonetheless
We don't need feminists running amock in our country.
Or was it just unusually warm when I was there
And saddly for you slovenia is very much pro EU so live with it.
That changed with a trip to Hungary.
There are many ugly towns, yes, but I wouldn't be ashamed of that
Rieti I
Lapio F
It sounds delicious
Just trying to help :)
It basicly is, EU and its comonwealth (i used that word for a reason) and ex-socialist countries,
Not in Slovenia
Most people live in the countryside so it's a necessity.
I'm not 100% Slovenian myself for that matter.
Lake Bled, Slovenia
In between classes knuckles was a popular game, thanls for reminding me about the rules (spinning the coin, if you blew it you got slammed from everybody in the circle)
Basically I’ve never felt unsafe at night anywhere in Slovenia, however, females might have a different experience
But in general, no
MAKE THE CALPIHATE GREAT AGAIN.
This poll is fake, there is no way 91% of Slovenians support the euro
People despise each other
If it's windy or cloudy then about 15 would be enough
So let the chef know that he needs to make two extra meals per day.
We only became independent in 1991 so you can't even talk of proper Slovene patriotism before that since a Slovene country did not yet exist.
On its own, it means a nervous feeling you have before travelling somewhere (as used in my dialect, especially by older people): "Imaš kaj fibra?" - "Do you have any fieber?" meaning "Are you nervous because you are travelling to e.g.
It seems that soldiers not talking about war later in life is a reocurring theme here, which i find very interesting as my great-grandfather too fought in WW2 (as a partisan) and also in WW1 for Austria-Hungary, but never talked about his experiences
Both
but unlike many places they never fully recovered from the industiral decline in the 90s and nowadays have persistently higher unemployment than the rest of the country
Yes
In Bosnia you just jump on a tram or a trolley and pray that a controller doesn't catch you
So yeah, whenever you feel the need to say "Eastern Europe" to refer to anyone that's not Russia, Ukraine, or Belarus, keep in mind that you sound about the same as someone seeing a guy in a kilt in Edinburgh and calling him English
Noone is preventing anybody from leaving.
It's going to be a global 9/11
Zelje here is cabbage
Because the position of he head of state is ngerited insted of elected, this is the deffinition of undemocratic.
Major factories like Iskra and Sava are located here
We had expanded classes
Most of these kids actually live in families that are normal by all measures except official status.
I don't think Bosniaks hate Sarajevo
Everybody can kick somebody else from behind, it's amazingly easy.
They're percieved as the worst here.
Does nobody in Slovenia look at translations
I don’t have a guitar or an organ
It captured turks in all their glory...
They used to tell us "Even if wodan stakes were to be falling out of the sky, the school would remain open".
But we also have movies from other countries
You won't find american-style anything in Europe.
Is it really so hard to believe that they use artificial sweetener instead of sugar and skim on meat to make a little more money from Eastern Europe?
Ni treba iz enega posploševanja na drugo skakat
Minorities rights were severely reduced.
There is not enough flats in Slovenia or they are expensive as fu\*k for young people
Hungarians - nothing - no one cares about Hungary
There's no street prostitution, the most common ones are night club and private prostitution.
My car just said it was 2°C outside this morning, I was still in my autumn jacket, and I was lucky i got the parking spot close to the door
I'm erect
I was there in late spring and only a small group of american kids was there
French require math, this expression I expect requires some history knowledge
As for the big ones, you'd only find them in gardens, I believe.
From what I can gather after multiple visit to Serbia and knowing lots of Serbian, the thing you hate usually are the good things that happen for everybody else
Would make a great city race circuit :D
There are also bilingual schools with Slovenian as language of instruction in Hungary, Austria and Italy
Oh in that case it shouldnt be that hard for you to get polish papers.
So much investment would go there....
Edit: grammar
Jože Plečnik
A citizen is anyone with Slovene citizenship - I guess a "true citizen" would be one who speaks Slovene well and who has been assimilated into our culture.
Last time I checked the only ones that help politicians are people that support them
With alleged tank following you at alleged gun point for 20km
The problem is that washing it in chlorine, or any other acid really, allows much worse farm conditions
edit: but if you check under country profile we're 4th after Norway, Switzerland and Denmark.
We really screwed up by relying on airplanes instead of building better railway systems
talking about Americans doesn't make you one.
From where coming
You have to take the good wit the bad.
Let no one say Europe and the USA don't perfectly complement each other
Sao tolko da veš ne, jaz sn najboljši v skupini opravo tečaj za ESD in sn bil zravn pr puno skrivnih operacij na Al-Kajdo
I thought it was /r/europe where i do have a flair, sorry.
The it depends how member state will implement it
or, the shorter version: slavic tribes started migrating towards the west & the balkans only around the 6th century, a bit after ol'Aleksandar Makedonski's exploits ;)
Lake Bohinj
Still, Slovenia is one of the few EU member states that is willing to be cordial with Putin's Russia it seems, it does certainly help that we've had very, very limited contact with Russia throughout history
Is there a reason why you keep mentioning western Europe and not eastern Europe?
I was curious if anyone from Austria will have had a similar experience since it's so close to the boarder
This type of posing on stairs is now known a Boruting in Slovenia
Apparently doing that in the UK would mean you have mental issues.
Especially towards the people from 'down south'.
Why the fuck are we having so many earthquakes now, as if dealing with this shit ass virus isnt enough, 2020 stop pls
> As a side note, they consistently tended to refuse to read error messages which were telling what to do and call me for help whenever something popped up
You won't be surprised to find out the 2006 law was written under a SDS/Janša government because of EU pressure to improve gay rights and they deliberately made it as bad as possible
Most of Slovenians agree that we are Central Europe
Lovely fact is that the plant is operational since 1983
Yep
Crossing the border should be completely trivial.
How are you not yet banned here?
Haha yeah you could say so
and never felt unsafe
I really don't consider Turkey to be balkan or greece for that matter
Another fun one: *Danka* is both a rectum and a danish woman
Thats why I see the need of a grassroots counter-movement.
most people dont know if its correct to say "ali sta prišle" or "ali sta prišli" (did you two girls come)
The South Tyrol region is full of German-speaking people, for example.
There are smaller leagues and clubs
Pretty sad since we are one of the few languages that actually have dual
Well the point of Schengen zone is visa-free, no-passport-check travel.
>One could even say they betrayed you (giving Stalin reign over you)
I really hope that Irish gets revived somehow in the future
Zadn cajt za molotvke xD
Poštena beseda
ker
is you still a fan
Slovenia is not a country you think it is.
Computer degrees (at least here) aren't as useful as actually being good at coding
Funnily enough, for Slovenia it's the exact opposite
They recently lost ethnic Serb regions in Bosnia and Montenegro
yes, yeees, let us collect taxes from the money you spend, mwhahaha
Also as someone with a political science degree, I try to teach kids how to engage in politics and stuff
If it would remain with only first report about them, joking them, I doubt they would still exist
It's a remnant of a time where one of the kids stayed at home, took over the farm and took care of the elders
Ooh, forgot about potratna potica.
Supposedly it helps with readability and differentiation.
- Štajerska: Always drunk, farmers, inberds, however generally happy
"If it's gonna be another heavily processed image
Are you a politician
I also like a lot of serbian actors: Nikola Kojo, Bata Živojinović and Dragan Beljogrljić.
Od kod si
He didn't get caught but when he told everybody in the parliament what he did the pm told him that he has to step down from his role as MP
I have English C1, German B2, Italian A1 and Spanish B1
I'm sorry but Jason and the argonauts fought a dragon in Ljubljana.
triss merigold is from our second biggest city :3
I noticed that some people in s-love-nia sound like they are native English speakers but their slovenian accent is perfect
I have enough bitterness in my life without getting angry about such stuff.
What's the situation like with 90's street kids?
Not realy we don't they tried, but there was masive uproar against it.
Every country in Europe has history dating back at least 1000 years.
All other cities remained far behind
6 interesting ways to divide Slovenia
Imagine if half of EU required visas for Russians, while the other half didn't. How would that work
We have nobody else
I could stay out until 10pm until I was around 13,14 and basically unlimited after that as long as my schoolwork didn't suffer.
He cant go to much places
One couple even complained that their camper was too far from the pool.
They speak mostly italian when they are among themselves at the bar of the italian community or at cultutal events organized by the community
Even the issues during WW2 and WW1 were mostly because of that
Or, considering it's now Germany vs France, Spain, Italy, and Poland, when it comes to major EU states, how about y'all just band together and force the ECB to devalue the EUR to the level that works for the average EU state
Twice as many as USA and Germany.
That's breathtaking
Why isn'y Belgium here
Things can get pretty wild especially during the World Cup in Planica but there’s no violence
Generally, everyone outside of the larger cities gets looked down on :(
Battle of the Golden Spurs
Duda means dummy/pacifier here.
They all wanted all the power for themselves and being in a federation is the opposite of that
That's why the threads on the matter usually turn out rabidly anti Catalan
Pasina I
People like to put a dash (-) and put the (albeit correct) Slovene noun suffix after that
Slovenians didn't flee from the war, since ours lasted only 10 days
Lol , you got me confused with someone.
Good for you
The Ottoman empire was a caliphate.
Says age 25-64 in the image btw
Surgeon - 4,09-17,77 €
This is why I'm hoping for another term of Trump
We had a population of less than 2m a decade ago.
What happened to alpski Srbi
edit: phantom comments still aren't resolved, so to the person asking what these people are doing - they're members of a Fishing family, trying to save fish to move them to another lake
yeah i heard about that, I cant remember when or where but u can find it here on [wiki]#Balkan_Wars_and_World_War_I) and check the added sources next to the specific quotes if u are interested
We're supposed to be better than this
Ljubljana is pretty strange because the architecture outside of the places that tourists photograph is very mixed
Do you know that university students get free meals here?
Team trees
What is your guyses opinion on what is currently happening in Macedonia?
There that there are also Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania and Antarctica
My boyfriend said a lighter blue and green instead of red would make more sense, considering our jerseys tend to be colored that way
It's just completely incomprehensible to me, with it's guttural sounds and strange inflections.
If history had gone just a little bit differently we would have been like the Sorbs
Border disputes and other issues from our common past.
So true
It is, but after the break up of Austria-Hungary, [Duchy of Styria] was split between [Austria] and [Slovenia ] at that time)
It says so in the map
-ič
The south styrian german dialect does not exist anymore, that's why it's not as appearent
Historical ones, yes
Oi i spilled my coffee come and clean it up for me
Isn't Merkels party consider right?
It means i hold the papers of that one particular country.
I know that they are supposed to be at least somewhat separated, so that men can concentrate on Allah and not the butt of the woman kneeling in front of them.
But women who forget to take the oil or engage in unprotected acts, it would be free for the first time.
this includes tomatoes, legumes and peppers
But only in months whose names contain the letter 'r'.
I fall in one of those categories, you may feel otherwise, but then again you always look to stir shit up.
There is also “Novakov” which means Novak’s son/brother/husband
cetelc means *piece of paper* in probably some dialect
I mean I'm sure 80+% of our population ate it at some point in their life
> Zdravo, moj ime je Janez
What's considered welfare in Sweden is higher than the minimum wage in Slovenia, and Slovenia is right at the limit of becoming a net contributor to the EU budget, so many countries are waaay worse off
Aldi (Hofer in our case) is much much better than Lidl
Depends on which sort of Christian/Jew arre you.
* We have the oldest vine in the world.
And it was Germany who was the arhitect of the war.
I guess, if nobody wants that money, I am prepared to sacrifice myself and take it.
Believing in God and identifying as catholic is not the same.
I traveled extensively across Europe, north, south and east and all those places felt much safer than the US.
We don't give a fuck about who govern us and keep doing what we do
It comes across to many as offensive and "othering" since the term itself doesn't fit in a cultural, historical, or geographical context and is usually used to delimit subjectively "better" vs "worse".
I'm just going to put this here
Ye, Austrian Basements are World_known.
Combine that with the French starting to sing the anthem out of nothing, it was a glorious night
Vito Plut appears to be a football player.
We got independant nukes, nuclear carrier, modern jets, MBT, the whole shebang
Celje: 37 872 (municipality: 49 540)
\<10 chilly
The grammatical rules are quite complex and there's always a ton of exceptions
Also, the way we learn about history is that ancient Macedons were just one of the various variants of Greeks, so Big Alex is certainly considered an OG - Original Greek
Could do with a bit less blatant corruption, but this is sort of a consequence of living in a small country where most people know most people :D
And in general, calling former USSR colonies "Eastern Europe" is the same as calling the "countries" (regions really) of the UK England
Mam več ko 300 potrjenih ubojov
hrvat je tat
On their independence day, no less.
I just have shirts saying "Generic
At least we have enough caves to hide in shame.
Very tall
Slovenia and Slovakia placed together to make it even more confusing for foreigners
And land that will disappear when global warming really kicks in.
you know that country melania trump is from?
Here is a table with these old names for months in different Slavic languagues (+ Lithuanian)
My speaking is ok but if I speak for a long period of time, it starts to sound like my mouth is stuffed with something
Japan, Canada and Kenya's are also beautiful
Maybe not directly harmful
There is literally no building in the pictures that was build in the timeline when Trieste was Venetian.
hahahaha se nam že vsem meša
As long as it doesn't have a hole it counts
Personally, I think it's even better than All Quiet on the Western Front or For whom the bell tolls; if you're into that
[Source] (original source, Croatian daily newspaper)
I'm also pretty sporty, love skiing and climbing mountains, and I totally wear the company soft-shell while doing it (but at least it's not Akrapovič)
I mean they shut down two compounds owned by Russian inteligence and made their identities public so I don't think they would hesitate to expose whoever it was, why protect them if they were involved into these cyber attacks.
Good btw
Well, there are worse people out there.
Demand for burqas is so high, they can't keep up so Swedish women have resorted to wearing bed sheets instead.
But I suppose it makes sense in a way.
I have also been to Sango Sands, a really really beatiful beach but no one swam there
Instagram purposes way before Instagram was a thing
Canadia sounds fine compared to ... I'm just gonna go and say it sounds disgusting
Obviously it depends on the army and which front that would be but I think nothing is worse than living in a muddy trench, full of rats, with artillery shells landing on your head
At least everybody was dreaming of our country becoming 'a secon Switzerland' upon gaining independence.
In Slovenia it's the same under a different name except it bans the right to adopt or for lesbian couples to get medical insemination
We're one messy place
The driver explains not to worry, the 2 extra are Bosnian and here to unload the local painters.
You can also ask them to take the packet to a pickup point, where you get it with ID or with a code they send you over SMS
Its nearly the same language lol
At most there are 8 periods, so it all ends at 14:50
On saving: but saving accounts will get you only so much, I'm not very inclined to let sit the money for very long while doing almost nothing, not even gaining enough to counter inflation.
We literally have a company that organizes tickets+transfer to neighboring countries (and Germany, etc)
We  call them Krofi in slovenia
The latest pols show a large majorety actualy wants to be part of Russia.
Lol , this is got to be a troll.
But how the eff can he live it with someone without me telling him it's ok to do so?
Speaking of Austria, we've been subjects of Austria for about 1000 years until we became Serb subjects for 30 years, then the Serbs became our equal subject for 40 years (god bless Tito), then we went back to being Serbia's bitch for 10 years until finally getting independent
Anyway, what did she say
But they are fueled by foreign news agencies as ours mostly ignore them
Has he ever answered that question
But why are you posting pictures in r/Europe insted of r/europics
Obviously nkt everyone is like that but it is a huge problem
Ah yes, Polski Fiat aka Peglica.
It would also result in more black market activity-esentially giving drug lords a new task-selling tobacco and alcohol
I dont know If they are married or not, but they have 2 adult kids together.
"Letalnica bratov Gorišek" aka the Planica Ski Flying slope, ski jumper Peter "Pero" Prevec.
Sorry
Ljubljana is pretty much the only and undisputed economic, financial and cultural centre of Slovenia, where a lot of people go to live and which attracts daily commuters form most of the country
Not an everyday meat but nothing unusual
etc.: A man, who nobody knew who he has yesterday just had a couple of thousand people in Russian major cities rise up in his name and those people were gently reminded of their place by the honourable gentlemen of the Russian police.
If I can read a book in 5 min they should be able to solve the climate issue in 5 min
[Imgur album with some more pictures.]
Surprised no one took it yet
Why wouldn't they be
In Slovenia the biggest threat for you is yourself
It's probably just me, but in my circles people always preferred the Baptism at Savica (also by Prešeren):
This is a very convoluted way of saying you can name your kid anything and absolutely nothing is going to happen to you unless you try something like running for public office
But still the actual value of the pound has changed so much since the 1970s that it doesn't make sense converting anymore!
True that, I'm hopeful that the new trains will be better
I'd sooner accept Canadia for Canada than this unnatural "Czechia" concoction
Not exactly the same (if Wikipedia is to be belived).
But then I think it would be better to just include some military training as a part of high school, as someone has already suggested in this comment section.
The most likely one would probably be [Lower Styria ] it has a strong ideology and connection with Austria(Hitler referred to them as Windish)
Over here people will be gardening
Most of our media is liberally oriented, with Mladina being the only one really left-leaning
Having the most tractors in the vilage.
Complaints have been filed in all U.S. countries with a close outcome
female
It's not about bad decisions the EU made, but decisions **I** don't agree with
I believe there is much more love but hate is something that sells at better price, being in the politics or on media
It is funny to me because it seems perhaps like dolenjsko narečje was taken to extreme.
Edit: flair slovenia
I have a few friends that shoot at ranges, most keep their firearms there too.
Also
Trying to hurt Germany's auto industry or something?
And one year of Sociology and one of Psychology
Those five years didn't feel that bad tbh
Plonkec/plonklistek/plonkceglc or švinglc/švinglceglc or cetelc
I’m guessing Slovenia would be mostly in the pink as well lately
Honestly, a lot of parents can't even manage that.
Cheaper and also much friendlier to the native population.
And here was me thinking that sanctioning a gigant trading partner would be benifitial to EU members.
I absolutely loved it
Because Greeks don't like to see giant statues of Alexander the great and claims to his heritage in the historical lands of Paeonians and Dardanians.
yeah our standard language is more of a guideline than a rule.
I do not have information about any administration houses
...because the last few years people seem to rush in the day they start falling from the trees and you're left with none.
” I woke up the next day to the news of the terror attacks in Paris
Not so many
Croatia wasn't that lucky though, and Bosnia basically got brutalized by all its Yugoslav neighbors and also in an internal civil war
Article 7 does not alowe 🇪🇺 to actualy excomumicate members.
I'd change the voting system a bit (so that EPP can't have three different electoral lists in Slovenia).
I think a flat colour for the background wouldn't work that well
The rest was sold off piecemeal, in order to prevent tycoons to rise up and to allow time for small entrepeneurs to emerge.
I'mma just leave [this] "Map of Slovene Lands" from the mid-19th century here and show myself out
we pay 3€/3monts and consider it expensive.
Lakes, rivers, mountains, hills, sea?
I fully support the independence idea.
They prepared beds in hospitals for them so they don't have to leave and possibly infect others
Železna cesta/iron road is a poetic word for železnica
I can't imagine how horrible it felt in Zagreb
Move to Slovenia, it has all of this things and more.
I could see plenty of the world siding with Europe + Russia here, which would be a major blow to the strength of the Dollar, which can utterly destroy the US economy
Also not known but the amount of alcohol vapour that you find normally in a pub plays the same effect of second hand smoke.
We wear it in Slovenia
Because every nation deserves independance.
nisi dala presledka, kar je naredilo tvoj odgovor nepravilen.
Example otrok means child in Slovene and if I remember right in some slavic languages it means slave
Slowly declining in their power, influence and morals.
great map
Who is responsible for past wars?
*Sorry Italy, they asked
(Well, not anymore)
In Slovenia that thing is pretty much easy to define:
Oh, they have a lot of canals and other water features
Also müsli with milk/yogurt, hot dog sausage, čokolino or some sort of a breakfast pastry.
Weird to think that we once shared a country with Spain and the Netherlands.
Don't pull us into the problems you have with Croatia!
nah, you stay and vote the fuckers out
Marseille is second, Lyon third.
"Nadaljujemo
No matter how much you want to push your agenda , there is simply no war.
I've never managed to find it outside of Slovenia
It doesn't have the usual eurovision syndrome out songs have where they make everything overly heavy and dramatic
surely you don't support your country having an alliance/affiliation with them?
There is dissent in the historian ranks over whether Aldi is related to the very similar yet oh so different deity Hofer
The only negative impact I noticed was the rise of "alt" right rhetoric across the board.
[Narodnozabavni rock]
People who say:"Guns don't kill people", kill people ...
Get with the euro-atlantic integration man XD E vs W
Average age of a woman having an abortion is 31.
According to the Slovenian statistical office a 2 person house hold uses 219€ per month on food and non-alcoholic beverages
Cimer - Zimmer - room
I can't help but look at America and be worried
" Voters should then write or draw the answers, or questions rather
Basically we have one "boy-scout" group and one "girl scout" group
American hiking can be very different from European hiking.
Anyway, Montenegro joined with Serbia.
In any case, I've seen lots of Koreans walking around with those sticks and although I know there are people out there who aren't very fond of them (the sticks, that is), I'm not aware of that affecting actual country policy.
I just came home from the match.
Hell, if people are so in favor of serving in the military, a volunteer system should give you plenty of manpower, right
[Mežerli/mavžlji] made out of (beef) entrails, head
Well nowadays it's easier to keep a copy in a cloud or mail or something you can access from everywhere, if you're going to a country with sure internet access
lmao, that's a great troll
Reminds me of that alien language from District 9
they were in Yugoslavia for almost 50 years
Well a relative of mine got obsessed with the 'end of the world' in 2000.
Those courts have a long history of favoring big players to the detriment of small countries (The US, for example, has never lost a case in either court), so it's no surprise that most small EU countries are against any agreement that pushes courts like those.
▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒█▒█▒
"Sem dogija na wok v siti tejku"
I took one look at this and just loled
So happy Slovenia didn't make it to the list
What does economy have to do with your safety?
The Queen would just be the representative of the UK state instead of of the UK member state
Collage proffesors dont really give a damn
1€ was worth 240SIT at the time we took €, and we still had 1SIT devided into 100s, tho we only used the 0,5 coin.
Chemistry, pharmaceutical science, biochemistry and medicine
[Žganci with pork cracklings] Vegetables with butter, rice, and pasta.
The US may have triggered it to an extent but in the end, they're not the ones that control what happens inside the EU.
z/s -> with
It, can't happen due to Dayton.
Anything more than an hours drive is long distance for people here.
I know Russuan, UK, German, Italian, Slovak, Polish, Croatian, French, Spanish and Slovenian
"Prekleto" literally means "damn", so
It is quite magnificent
its highly effective at keeping out large groups of people though
They should expect terrorist attacks thou.
I always get the urge to say it about Croatia, but I usually resist it so as to not annoy Croatian redditors too much.
STEM has been pushed for around a decade now.
I mean I'm from Slovenia and that used to be common here as well
Where do you think the name comes from?
yeah and it is extremely good, if you ever come in Slovenia you should try it out :)
First, I never implied as much, I said it's MORE OVERT
But the crown of the emperor is from the Francan state, from Achn.
I'm very ignorant of my country's politics but from the unavoidable media attention etc.
We just
Girls have normally black hair, hair extensions and like to wear a lot of make up and trashy looking clothes
EU already has standard road markings.
I've never managed to find it outside of Slovenia
And even if we had a considerable army, I'd want to help in some way, not necessarily through enlisting.
I really don't get what Trump wants to achieve by turning against EU.
Why don't you guys rebel any kill Trump anyway?
We also have a frescoe on the scale of the one in Pompeii but I don't think it's available to the public eye yet, it has been discovered quite recently
The rest don't have much connections with them.
I can describe the traditional way of celebrating - closely connected with religion of course.
What using imigrants from germany?
I live on the border between Italy and Slovenia (former Yugoslavia)
Slovenian, Croatian, Serbian, Polish, Italian, Spanish and English
Or that it would be incompatible with xx country?
I like Nightwish, H.I.M, Children of Boddom, Apocalyptica from Finland and Sigur Ros from Iceland.
And very, very, VERY thin layers of dough.
Ne samo, da sem dodatno treniran v neoboroženem spopadu, temveč imam dostop do celotne orožarne Mornarice Združenih držav Amerike, katerega bom v polni meri uporabil z namenom, da tvojo klavrno rit izbrišem s celine, ti drek mali.
It's not for everyone, but I love it here.
Their otorhinolaryngologists must have tons of work.
The State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs was established by a self-appointed National Council and was not an internationally recognized country.
I can tell you that they are lol
It's also missing a bunch of cities
They are led by 2, sometimes 4 educators that work as their 'home parents'.
When you first mention something, you use, for example, nov zvezek (A new notebook), when you mention it later on, you use novi zvezek (THE new notebook)
It's not like water's gonna dry up
WWII partisans or home guards
There's "New villages" too
Did The_Donald upvote a submission to show high?
There will not be a single event but rather a series of events that have already started happening.
After some arguing the guy said that they beat up the guy who lived there before me for the same reasons (implying they could beat me up too)
The germans living here for 300 years are still germans.
I noticed some schools, especially elementary schools are now also offering Chinese or Japanese.
Read it after posting
It was a cold but sunny dry windy day, 6°C at the top of the plateau
Za tistega, ki ni prvi napadel.
Tanks were used a lot in Iraq-Iran, especially on the Iraqi side.
Aren't you guys basically Arabs?
As a kid living in Slovenia we had a shooting range with air rifles, that was my first shooting experience apart from slingshots.
Turkey is a mess, unstable and unevenly developed, but even if it wasn't, it would shake up the balance of power inside EU by sheer population.
There is 0 systemic discrimination for the etreiment of woman.
Hehe ;) Ma ne ni to fora pac da folk mal vidi kaksna je Slovenija k eni misljo da smo kot kaksna Ukrajina
today, those are largely or completely absent in the West
it is illegal to sell and/or offer alcoholic beverages or beverages with added alcohol to anyone under 18 years of age or anyone showing signs of intoxication (so buying drinks for minors or drunks is also illegal)
I have no idea what that is
After opening it goes in the fridge
And the best thing propaganda ever pulled is making people believe they are immune to it
He was a duke of Alpine Slavs
That is quite obvious in Malmö.
It was one of those laws that should have been abolished ages ago, but it was so unimportant that nobody bothered doing anything about it, as it was assumed that nobody would use it anymore.
Right
Well, Pilatus planes are about as useful for defending our airspace as second rate yoga.
There's a joke that Slovenia could win a war against America since they will never find us on the map
Maybe they should consider a blanket ban on social credit scores and more substantial regulation of mass surveillance
Sirov burek
When a bunch of Viola fans some equipped with plastic toy guns established Stajrska varda
Vegan food is available everywhere.
Chakavian or Shtokavian are much more distant, but still understood.
Not sure what you mean by this.
Ethnic cleansing is another word for it
You kissin anyone later
In most of EU countries, it is an extreme position.
I need to be up to date with what's going on
I can pretty much understand any of the slavic balkan languages to some degree
Europe alone outspends Russia and (just like you) we have a nuclear deterrent (France).
That way we have peace and quiet
I believe it is telling that our teacher knew next to nothing about the military aspect or at least not much more than your average person
How would that even work
What are you going to tell me next, that you aren't a bunch of unwashed pot smoking hippies?
C'mon, no need to keep those silk gloves on neighbor, it's all for science
The saddest/dumbest thing about the helicopter incident is that the pilot was a Slovenian guy.
Actualy elections happened every 4 years.
Cost of living (small 2 rooms apartment 50m2, not in a capital): summer 180 eur, winter 240 eur (cost of internet and cable tv included)
What would His Majesty King Jesus say to this?
They'd have to pay for the costs of returning that person back if they did.
The far left have a [rather tiny share of the seats]
So for [2017]#IMF_estimates_between_2010_and_2019)
Pretty clever, ngl
Been there a few times, and I've got zero complaints about its looks
Yea, I went out a few days ago and it was mostly old people and people with kids
Family gatherings here are usually quite sociable with dancing and lots of catching up.
There are million more hidden places in Slovenia that are also worth visiting and arent crawling with turists
I guess I should have specified , we are not talking refugees.
They have to give you the package or leave it in the box
pobalin (hard to explain, troublemaker
A few others I listed are American as well, I think.
Don't you dare to disturb goats at their work time.
It was a joke though :)
One, and it is not open yet
Cursive in the 3rd grade, the others in 1st and 2nd
* Aljaž (m) - derived from a surname
this ideology of austerity goes against so many economic lessons from the 20th century: that you need a strong demand for economic growth; that you need a big middle class to drive that; that infrastucture, public healthcare and school system, and social security create opportunities which in turn create wealth and well-being which in turn strengthen democratic institutions and the rule of law; that for that, you need high and progressive taxes, etc
Last time I had it was an hour ago, gotta have my daily fix
China is a horrible country with even more horrible un-democratic laws.
The pens don't have the same tip as regular pens
Drawing comparison to ISIS is especially distrurbing and sick, especially if you consider that 99% of the people didn't know what was happening on the front lines, as each republic was spewing hate and concealing all information which would tell its citizens what's actually happening
They drive across the country to get their dose of picking.
People usually complain about not much diversity in showing different sports on our national TV.
Pertaining to [Dinaric Alps]#/media/File:Dinaric_Alps_subdivisions-fr.svg).
Who long to see,
The first time was when 2 English-speaking girls (presumably American, judging by the accent) were talking about how “horribly” I was dressed and how fat I was in the checkout line at a grocery store
In Slovenia same (Prosim) but if its like a friend or family member or something I just answe with "Ja = Yes" or "Ja reči = Yes go ahead"
Whiter adult teeth are in general less healthy than yellowish teeth.
Podravje is 4th out of 12 regions by GDP per capita
Its not fake news like saying "Trump is a fascist" but costant bombardment with headlines like that had a huge effect.
The German language influenced all of Slovenia, the language and culture, while Slovenian did little to influence all of Austrian German
Noone ever proved a genocide was planed from a central authorety.
I have an hour long commute to school every day and I take a train
Y'all should've joined us
waw
At least McDonalds icecream machine works
Women average at 1.67m (5'6'').
That's why testing isn't so important, they will treat you the same whether you have the coronavirus or not
Sailors brought back stories of Moors kidnapping people, hence the game
As long as you don't bring up history (eg.
Also there are now concrete barriers in Christmas markets and heavy police presence, so it is not like "we live our lives as usual".
Yeah, it's also common to see churches on top of hills.
My schoolmate could kinda drive a tractor by then :D (I grew up in the capital, she did not)
China has plenty of empty, newly built ghost cities.
But I don't see big sewing factories ever comming to Europe.
Prekmurska gibanica from the northeastern Slovenia
Easy, Croatia
As long as you study in a university in Europe that participates in this programme, you can then spend a semester or two in another university.
We're melting in Koper
I remember Fresh Prince of Bel Air, Full House, Step by Step etc.
I think early secondary school (12yos) would be a great opportunity.
Is it triggering
Koroška
How does your country's police respond when such a thing happens?
"Ne vrag, le sosed bo mejak
- Phillip II of Spain = Filip II
Slovenian is unintelligible to Slovenians
It's like when I was trying to teach portuguese speakers to say "cesta" in Slovenian
Zahvaljujemo se ti/vam
The only other option would be for the EU to federalise and implement internal transfers like in the USA, covering for the deficits of those states, essentially turning them into sources of human capital for the industrial north and warm holiday places for northern pensioners to retire to
In 2007, the government announced it would donate 30 million lei (€8 million) towards the construction of the new cathedral.
And the fact that so many people here are explaining historical events with such authority and are rewriting half of it is a darn shame
We meet for holidays and birthdays, we usually share food preparation duties, have a dinner, and happily yell over each other
Now that I think about it, how come that during CW1 commies weren't that popular in the productive North?
We definitely learnt it in elementary school.
I don't think I've ever heard a foreigner speaking Slovene.
In Slovenia most clubs don't make a lot of money (even in the 1st league), so sometimes it is better to have a job in Slovenia and play for some club in 3rd league in Austria, if you like football
As a non-basqe I am fully supportive of their independence.
In Ljubljana paychecks are higher, but everything is a lot more expensive there (rents are crazy)
Wonder if Russia will take all the lands this time.
I suppose the cringiest moment was in the mocumentary Sicko, where the scene of supposed Slovene health system was actually taken from our comedic serial
That would mean every 4th person is obese.
I still think that much too many excellent things for communism were dismantled (especially the healthcare insurance system, the urban planning system and housing system), but we actually did retain a solid social security system all over this period
If you visit Slovenia again, may I recommend a trip to the Skocjan Caves and the nearby Predjama Castle
Misliš zaradi Samove plemenske zveze?
If he is the most hated, could we guess that PIS will lose elections soon
makes sense
That's why some people were staring at me...
We get tons and tons of storms.
Some companies have bigger anual revenue than our GDP.
Burja/Bura is a beast in Dalmatia
[A picture says more than a thousand words]
I feel like I am at the fluent level, as I am constantly emerged in the language via YouTube, Reddit etc
I'd put eastern side as transitional region, there's no way it's on same level as freaking entire Bulgaria
Media outlets, as always, have lots to do with this sentiment.
A lot of people who didn't know each other before, grouped together and pretended they're family because families had certain priorities.
Are the victors in the right to blame the nation for generations to come, and install reparations payment?
i mean if there is one historical record even a layman knows about its ww2
You're right, that was the 1st one.
this is a problem rampid in the EU.
Then it was settled by Taurisci, a Gallic tribe, around 300 BC.
Oh man, it would be easier to ask which song was actually good
Why can't you change it in Poland?
Dammit, you put us in a really tricky situation there.
And towards Germany paying ungodly prices for electricity
I always thought that we accept and *not hate* them, but the outcome of the referendum actually shocked me.
GDP / Capita adjusted to PPP is below 300%, which is still fine
Nova Gorica was built as a modernist and socialist town as opposed to the old medieval one
They even codified their own alphabet that was based on the Hungarian alphabet, but it fell into disuse after WW2
Felt it in Ljubljana, seemed massive even here
Kladivo in Slovene
There are also a tertiary nursing program,s but it's usually where the head nurses, surgical, delivery and other specialist nurses get additional training.
I'd add *žalik žene* and maybe *Pehta* to the list.
Yea, I thought about those after I posted my reply
Don't remember such low sub-zero temperatures for such long periods in the last 15 years...
[Rakov Škocjan] is one that springs to mind, but generally anywhere where there is karstic topography, the environment is quite interesting
I started learning English back in kindergarten, so most of song lyrics fall under "[mondegreen] and it sometimes took me years to finally realise what the lyrics actually are
Even if we did qualify
Just felt it wasn't sufficiently clear
Maybe
You definitely want to see Slovenia.
We have loads of just Forest - Gozd, or Under Forest - Podgozd
Maybe, but I doubt that taxes can make an even price of 60 everywhere.
Aw fucking hell, I double-posted and then deleted both my comments.
i actually always thought kazakhstan was a democracy
Unless you count narrow gauge railway, but those networks are usually small
Apart from the tragedy, it's actually a very easy read with great rhythm
And then sometimes there's some terrible games and even more terrible skits and some more music and few people dancing and the rest sitting around and talking
At least we have more coast now
You have been banned from /r/Slovenia
There really aren't any here but neighboring Croatia has a beautiful and well preserved amphitheater in Pula, they even run concerts and stuff like that in it
He is such hypocritical fucking garbage.
>and we need a strong leader
Now now, that was a common Balto-Slavic endeavor, and Romanians and Hungarians helped too
Oh, now I pretty much understand why are they so powerful
, which was telling people that no matter how bad of a president he was, it would be a disaster for the security of the country if the president is changed in the middle of the conflict
I see them as two different approaches to friendlyness.
If anyone was going to deliver it was going to be Finns.
You ain't gonna tell across the whole bus
Both ignore Texas and California because they know how they'll vote
Hottentottenstottertrottelmutter genannt
Seriously, there's no realistic scenario in which the US can defeat a united Europe + Russia + all the traditional enemies of the US who are in the middle east and elsewhere, who'd join that alliance by default
I was in Dubrovnik just a couple of days ago
Even if he survived, probably some of his followers would have succumbed to the Otomans or the Habsburgs anyway
Happened several times a night every time I was out in California
After ww2 the partisans slaughtered people they suspected were german collaborators (My grandfather was one
any time a refugee demands something.....
Should the US dictate what is wrong and what is right?
ČMRLJ says hi
The economy is on the rise, unemployment is falling, safety is good, the government is stable.
Tehe place where you hide your money and buy swedish furniture.
But I don't drink alcohol so can't speak from my experience
Klop: bench, tick in Slovene;  клоп bedbug in Russian
The context is entirely lacking here
>Also, happy cake day to you
Cost of living is low, while you get all the top EU standards.
Well this whole ordeal put the nail in the coffin on any kind of sensible discussion of these problematic areas
Primorska looked down upon
I feel like American English doesn't have an accent.
Some older people from the yugoslav era speak it fluently though.
Erasmus+ is spectacular I agree
It's a romantic way of saying having sex, sure, but the phrase itself is not exclusively sex related
In Italy, the UK and the western balkans I would probably have higher degrees of understanding, since I speak the languages
We also have janitors, cleaners and management that take care of these things.
I thought they got expelled in WW2.
How do i die
**Kras > Karst** is probably the only one.
Am I missing something
That makes me think they don't believe everyone should have a right to own a gun either.
in Slovenian
So I am all about keeping a clean environment to be nice to live in.
I'm still confused by the term 'hipster' to be honest, what makes someone a hipster?
I've heard "It's a shame Germany didn't win the war - at least things would be in order" more times than something against Germans being said
For the record, this entire thing about Trieste being Slovenian is a joke to most Slovenes, so I'm not actually trying to argue that in all seriousness
Lmao coming from an Albanian
They also [steal] cave creatures.
For example orthopedic surgeons are notorious for telling people who come to them in a public hospital that they need a certain surgery or therapy and then they tell them: or you wait 6 months or you come to me in the afternoon and I do it immediately (but you pay a few thousand €)
I know Ljubljana doesn't have an anthem.
There are also buses that go over Vršič but you better take medicine for nausea.
I think if you really want to learn it, Duolingo will take you ages to do so
Genetics don't make culture if you weren't aware
I'm not a native speaker but I can speak English for as long as I can remember
Remember this shit, people
This is Clockwork Orange live, basically.
what is the "right" way of "eating" surstromming
Good thing EU has teritory in South america close to Ecuator XD
Not sure, there must have been a home grown movement in Yougoslavia for democratic rule.
I hate snow
It's the same as sending them to Kosovo.
Wow very beautiful songs, especially when sang by so many people.
But I mostly am shocked by some phrases people from Primorska (the sea region) say
I'm from Slovene Styria or Lower Styria.
Of course we knew it was cheap stuff.
From now on, this is my favourite map to look to, everytime I'll be sad, I'll just look on the map and feel joy, because Slovenia is the same colour, as the western Europe
And it's going to be the old president.
Here in Slovenian Istria we say ˝karjola˝. It comes from Italian
Some of them don't have own subreddits.
I don't have enough knowledge about the workings of London's financial industry to have an opinion either way.
Where I come from, a lot of camping gear can be found in sport stores.
There are also some good connections from Ljubljana to other cities by train: Budapest (35€), Prague (39€), Zurich (29€), Belgrade (25€), Munchen (29€).
And also about loyalty to Spain.
ragu bolognese and store it in the freezer
Religion - While still majority Catholic, they also have a strong Protestant presence and are considered to be the center of Slovenian Protestantism
Yeah, no one except you would say Germany is Eastern Europe.
Once, 15 years ago
Oh, I thought you meant Slovenes in Austria
Marec is more commonly used though.
But I think there's 2 commenting
We'd rather be called micro-state than Eastern European or Balkan
Has nothing to do with him being Eastern European.
Lovely fact is that the plant is operational since 1983
Yea, and after the "capitalists" fight it out he could defeet the wekened surviving "capitalist".
plus people mostly live in the center of the country, around the capital
If wood warm is in the rooth it is also in the house beems.
To be fair, Europe is probably the least fucked up place on the planet atm
With alleged tank following you at alleged gun point for 20km
So, when Poland atacks you he will save you from the cavelry?
When before usual temberatires were -10 to +5°C, we get up to 15 or even more now.
In most other communist/socialist countries, you could only dream about going to the west
And where are the slavs in all this?
Agreed
In slovenian it is Bisagin for no reason
Animal cruelty
exectly, its not like asylum seekers interact with people in refugee camps.
Yea, same
Tourists are much more noticaeble and destructive on smaller areas.
It seems to me that the generations born in the 70s and 80s were the peak of the bell curve and now we're going back towards computer illiteracy
I don't have an opinion on it, I am not interested in watching it and I doubt I ever will be because sports in general aren't that interesting to me.
Sun: (tisto) sonce - neuter
...Is right below the column which it represents.
krof ali drugače tudi bab :)
arent you known to be deathly quiet in the saunas
From similar pathways you have
Muslims and Croatians are ganging up on Serb minority in Bosnia and we have to defend them
The jokes translate well because we're all just very familiar with life in the US.
That's why the French write Putin's name as *Poutine* ...
That song was good
There were at least two crucial circumstances that allowed the Nazis to get in power and that are missing now:
Tvoj odgovor ni skladen s pravopisom, prosim popravi.
Sensible British would get mad at their government.
I absolutely don't want to take anything away from the Holocaust, but while 6 million Jews died, 30 million Slavs died in WW2 and nobody really cares
Ugh Slovenians always so rude ;)
Oh I see, thanks for the clarification.
I was in the city only 4 days, but it was great
I would divide the mainland US between Mexico and Canada.
AFAIK few actually drive to other countries.
Even at the time when Croatia seceded from Yugoslavia, parts of Croatia which had a majority Serbian population wanted to secede from Croatia.
lol, upsala is a word we use when we did something clumsily, like almost tripping over or almost leaving an umbrella on the bus
Ice cream prices went up 400% if I remember correctly.
As a German on Reddit it's really funny to be accused of betraying our past and having become a leftist rabble that doesn't deserve the name Germany anymore by American wehraboos while at the same time being accused of being stupid Nazis by **Eastern Europeans.**
When I saw the Norway flair I didn’t even bother to read the comment
But it is not officially recoginsed
Putting each other down
Boy scouts - Taborniki are part of WOSM, but are also inspired by Woodcraft movement of Ernest Thompson Seton
Oh and for the OP, my parents stopped caring about my swearing when they reached around 28 years of age, but if you meant the kids age then I'd say around 12,13.
Always in the yellow press though.
And when Wiena continues to disrespect promisses and treties.
We have a police investigation about funding said television(media house)
But honestly, probably your eastern neighbours :p
Or just Engleska
I think that the reason why military spending has not gone up in many countries is that many (mostly Western) Europeans believe such defense is not needed.
I think it is quite big, we know that our country is really small compared to others so we think that every square meter of preserved environment counts.
The parlament (in your case sabor) cannot say no to ratification and must ratyfie it in a certan amount of time.
I hope I don't have to explain any further.
fair nuff, i was mostly going on unsubstantiated rumors so thank you for correcting me
Spanish weather means temepratures well above 30°C.
As if we're supposed to be best friends or something because we're Slavic?
Haha geddit r/ooer fug :DDDD
Agreed
No, we were discouraged to leave trash on the ground.
For example that Yugoslavia was never behind the Iron Curtain, that it was invited to join NATO in 1953, which was refused because it didn't want to be too dependent on either side, and that the Yugoslavs could freely travel to both sides and the rest of the world and everybody could visit Yugoslavia, it having been one of the founding members of the Non-Aligned Movement
Though I don't know how they'd mistaken it for those languages.
One class period is 45 minutes with a 5 minute break
I see it more as regression because it's just dividing people instead of bringing them closer.
Circa a month in Croatia and a couple of hours in Austria and Italy.
The funniest thing was when he tried to diss my country but often got it confused with slovakia.
Imagine the entire English language along with Scots and various creoles, squeezed inside just 20 thousand km2 - roughly 4% of Spain
Saldy in US 'liberal' means the opposite
Serbia or Belarus or Ukraine or Moldova or Luxembourg or Vatican or Monaco or Bosnia
lucky fuck
Happy cakeday
We don't deserve it, but it would be pretty cool
Europe has been inhabited continuously since ancient times, at least since the Roman Empire has been filled with with a pretty complex entrenchment of civilizations and cultures
Coupled with him is gonna be AMAAAAzing
And yep, baked products and fruits and veggies are good
But posind myself to entertan redicilous contrary beliefs and arguments i arived to a certan solid conclusion.
Most people in my age group is putting some small amount away for retirement, since we're seeing the government retirement scheme drop lower and lower every few years
We also have something very similar in Slovenia
Why different spelling when we already have a name that it's pronounced the same way.
Mostly from WW1 and WW2 and it's aftermath
However in the hinterlands of the city the majority of the population was composed of Slovenes.
I can't believe [this one - Alenka Bikar] is in politics.
I live in a small town of Slovenske Konjice
The thing is I dont really see eye to eye with this movement.
Nowadays, we usually go through Italy to reach certain places faster
You have never lived in communist state.
Zahvaljujemo se ti
Transnistira was created by itself, Russia had nothing to do with its creation.
There are very little blond turks.
Well, commercials always exaggerate stuff, it's their whole business model :)
Cimer - Zimmer - room
50000000000000000000000 killed by the partisans!!1!
78€
- Your culture theory is also wrong
Not to mention the piece of shit who kicked and killed an owl
Yea, the heat could be a problem but it can get very hot in most other countries as well.
we're not really big on these things
"Euroatlantic integration of the countries of the western Balcans region"
My town doesn't have much
No one is interested in what the people of Liechtenstein think.
[Water coolers]#/media/File:Fontaine-a-eau-mistral.jpg) (or a [less modern]#/media/File:Bebedoro.JPG) one) were invented in 1904 and are pretty standard in virtually all European offices, museums, schools, and other buildings.
There is literally the same post some places up, but without the political preaching in the title.
Lets hope they soon get to reunify sucesfully.
Corn, Beets, and Spinach are all wind fertilizing for example
I haven't spent a ton of time in Poland, but I did some, and as a Black Slovenian, I must say it didn't feel xenophobic in the least, save for some nonsense at the airport in Warsaw with the border police, but those are probably 50:50 to happen in just about every country
Primorska looked down upon
so, wheel your car onto the train and drive it with you?
It's beautiful
I wouldn't say it is very unpopular in Slovenia.
And whether business that sell food will use and whether they'll be forced to disclose that
On the other hand, I'd revert the borders to 1914 :)
reeeeeeee
But this is 21st century
Some specialist have long waiting lines but my personal experience is good so far.
>foreigners tend to view us like some exotic animal
I remember a similar nail game when I was a kid attending 'village games'. But there was no drinking connected to the game itself as they were already drunk at that point
It is not general, certainly
So, Duden is a reasonably big thing in Germany when it comes to language
Presidents while they can be figurheads they definitely don't need to be
I looked up his tiramisù recipe.
Why are you stealing our people?
It's completely normal, there is also a Macedonian bro in our close group of friends and I live in a industrial town so a lot of people moved here when war was being a bitch.
But the language is *German*, not *Austrian* so they must be right!
At -30 a good bed warmer, without electricity a good entertainment and on a farm a good mouser.
Dubioza sednit for Bosnia already
Without specific numbers, we say:
Why do you assume the US is desirable.
Did you mean "Resistance is futile"? Or am I missing your point
and Slovenia just doesn't fit in Balkans
They don't want many things, actually.
How did they end up in EU is beyond me
Plonkec (v. plonkati) probably comes from German *blank sein*
Adria is trash, stay away from it lol
But still if you plan to go hiking in Slovenia, I can't recommend it enough
The prices are:
It's not like water's gonna dry up
And now I'm really curious where the hell this comes from
Sorry that this doesn't really answer your question
In 🇸🇮 students of hight school and universety get subsedised prices in theatre, museums ext.
That's worse than a tvtropes link
No, I finish it in one or two drinks.
I ordered a McFlurry and when the employee started to make it, the whole thing emitted a loud bang and suddenly there was ice-cream everywhere behind the counter.
Even if we did qualify
Wouldnt be surprized if Heider is making these in his grave.
edit: one of my family's faves - fried chicken gizzards
Speaking of Austria, we've been subjects of Austria for about 1000 years until we became Serb subjects for 30 years, then the Serbs became our equal subject for 40 years (god bless Tito), then we went back to being Serbia's bitch for 10 years until finally getting independent
r/GenZedong virgins are gonna storm your comment section, OP
Can yo6 go out and say im a commumist
Widower in Indonesian, baby pacifier in Slovenian
It is in fact amusing :) Many people think we are Russians.
If google is right, they had 20cm of snow on Jan 13th.
The nearest beach is 50 minutes away in my country, but only 10 on Italian side
We even got annoyed that restaurants wouldn't give you tap water and now they have to
[Over-Mura Moving Cake]
The WW1, as a whole (east/west fronts), is seen here (Slovenia) as a pointless waste of life on behalf of empires with too big egos.
> I wasnt fluent in french though, so it was hard making friends and got a bit lonely
BEHOLD
You are right about the Montenegrins, though
We don't expect to have to drop poo in unison tho, so no rush to buy toilet paper lol
I'd love to live anywhere in Primorska (Vršič -> Nova Gorica for the mountains and Soča, Vipavska Dolina for the vineyards, nature and the weather, and southern part obviously for the sea) and think the people (that I know) are just awesome and northern Primorska dialect is the best sound ever
They would often ally with Netherlands.
It's like if the family name was [Himmler] and parents decided to name the baby Heinrich.
Of course I know these are absurd, but I do find the situation itself absurd.
The advantages of voting should be obvious to the citizens
You do realize fried fish and batered chicken things are killing you right?
Oof
I have never seen a whole turkey, there's only sliced turkey steaks and ground turkey.
That's just a normal hot dog here
Do not know details, unfortunately.
So have I and your comment is ridiculous.
He never seems to even think about what he's going to say, he just talks out of his head (which is not a good strategy for somebody in such an important position).
You are aware that the only thing you achieved with this post is making yourself sound retarded, aren't you?
I know in my country people are already talking about premature elections, the foreign minister of Hungary stepped down because of pressure from the EU and the Hungarian people, Austria closed down the border with Hungary again and so on.
Trst, Trst, Trst, Ljubljana, Ljubljana
so we're probably not going to invade any time soon
Since NATO was basically formed to oppose the Soviet Union, which disbanded over 17 years ago, its a bit puzzling why it has only expanded since
In Carantania it was Krnski grad (Karnburg)
Unless you see as the need to have armed police or soldiers on the streets as a sign of things going well.
Giant portions of pasta with very fatty sauces, an entire pizza, worth 2000+ calories and many other examples that have mostly been popularized by "Italian" Americans
:D yeah, I love the distinct herbal flavour :)
I can barely contain the laughter
*Realistically*, there's no other option
Thank you
Then starting few years back Austria and Germany reinstated them due to migrants so I was thinking "are we going back to square 1
r/unexpectedmontypython
I'd say people over 30 speak Serbian/Croatian to a higher degree than the younger generations, and younger generations have a better grasp of English language.
This development makes all those Swedish twitter responses look silly.
You mean in English
Same witho those things that come from owerseas.
Do you directly elect your prime minister in Greece?
I'd say Trump is a result of the widespread anti-intellectual attitude, not the cause of it.
What he has been saying recently was very much in line with the Polish and Hungarian governments, instead of aligning with the rest of the EU and the more progressive nations
Oh TIL, but it's some kind of French dialect still?
But that sure won't keep you from talking further nonsense
So normally workers get additionally 3
Cats are cute even when they kill.
The US provides around 20% of the IMF funding
Many times many different border guards will just wawe you threw for no reason, even on external schengen borders
Slovenia's history was basically having been almost completely assimilated mostly by Austria to the point of being 90% identical
They should be pulling us up
Heey I’ve heard that somewheeee
Slovenia, Croatia and Serbia
I remember a town at the slopes of a really funky looking hill, don't know the name of it
If you refuse to play by the rules you shouldn't define them.
Agreed my dad which is going to be 47 this year with 25+ years of experience on the job(civil engineering) and has been working at the same company for the past 17 years and makes a tiny bit more than him, he is a big exception imo
I think I'm the minority
Might wanna listen to [this] Its a tune from a really popular Slovene movie and Zither get associated with this tune here all the time
Company phones are not what I would call a benefit, since the boss then always expects you to be available :D
Croatians conned Slovenians into a referendum if you ask Slovenians
It is Socialist Russia, get it right, Capitalists
Snow is gone, u?
The thing is even if this number gets now as high as 25k, the natural number will still be na fall because there is less and less girls from previous generations and our generations and next and so on.
They look and taste disgusting and I don't know why people like them
I can get a train or van ride to any of those cities for around 15-25€.
I invited myself over to my parents.
Woke me up and spooked the shit out of me
Carantania was actually relatively ethnically homogeneous, with the vast majority being the Slavic ancestors of the Slovenes and the remainder not being Germanic at all, but the remnants of the Romanised Celtic population
Especially in the Alps and over the vast forested dinaric plateaus
In high school you had to carry all your things with you all day I went to SERŠ in Maribor
Were they using Windows XP or Vista with AutoRun turned on?
Maybe it differs from building to building but the place I was staying at had way more things to recycle.
Love this
Over the Hills and Far Away sounds like it should be a theme song of an Animated movie.
Another thing to see is the castle above the lake.
I tried reading Croatian news online some time ago and I gave up.
Anything in Prekmurje really
no, that's what you're shitposting here.
I believe northern Čakavian is identical to Slovenian Primorski
> they have distinct words/phrases for the UK and its constituent countries
Yes
Ok , let me ask a question then:
I cant seem to find a single paper wich enploys him fultime for colum writing.
All Eu is doing good at the moment.
Our national TV is currently showing series about our main dialect groups.
Over the past few years where I live there’s been a snow early in winter (dec, jan) and then one in march and almost nothing inbetween
Number of people born in the given country currently living abroad, as a percentage of current population.
> proper dark rye bread is all but impossible to find outside of Denmark
Really arrogant about "being no
pls get in line for the claiming of Trst.
Germans went through 2 world wars and the cold war, and they're really well off now.
Thank you
Should the cost be placed upon everyone or like it is now onto those that use the train
Łódź for me
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
They have mountains and caves and a good wine culture and a lot of microbreweries which we also have a lot of.
The place was called "kućica", and "spas za mene" was what you had to yell in hide-and-seek when you reached kućica in order to win.
I've always had a certain fondness and respect for the Czech Republic.
Teen israeli girls were laughing their heads off, they were starting to get on my nerves, because they were so loud
Another issue that was never a thing before they started copying americans
They added this after a 'fancy' renovation.
o - about
Well right now only the criminals have easy access to firearms.
How else are you suposed to cook?
They usually use them to get to the train or bus station to go to school.
But if Croatia is competing I root for them
Whether it is legal under your national law sort of ceases to be relevant, when it's a foreign intelligence agency and you can't really do anything to stop it..
Such a beautiful language
Germany/HRE
I don't know how relevant this is to your question, I hope it helps
What, because of Quisling
I don't want to sound transphobic, but this looks really scary
What I'd like to see is a standard for electrical safety in cars
just for general information, which countries will be hardest hit if/when the UK leaves the common market?
A new confederation of European Republics will!!!
Really
I hope she makes it
Sonce in luna
He decided to ask our subreddit if this is really normal here
And with a bad engine (Yugo) I will make 400km with that.
I've seen maybe 1-3 women in my entire life walking around with their tiddies out on a beach like that (all of those were older unnatractive ones that I really did not need to see, especially as a little kid)
I have seen too few people who would be hostile to someone making an honest effort to integrate
What also fits well for Slovenes, is that it's also a drinking poem and a carmen figuratom in shape of a cup
¥¥¥ Also free roads and railways.
Radenska for any mineral water
Well, it's still kinda different in slovenian, isn't it
Kick all the extremists out
I just see that same shit happens everywhere and religioin is a scapegoat
Second referendum: "What should the question on the referendum be
Then the men continue the journey, because some countires (it might be all i'm not sure) offer relocation services to people granted asylum - meaning that their families then get flown over by plane.
There are still some Italians living there
We tell people to bring their own slippers to a party
what if that neigbour was an asshole and didn't give me the package?
but the impression you get on Reddit is that the 'evil' English are occupying all the other country's in the Union.
My girlfriend works with 1-2 year olds and they climb everywhere and put things in their mouths, shoes included because that's how they learn
Jesenice has just shit geography, Trbovlje even worse plus being a former coal town so it's not too hard to understand why it's falling behind economically
Yugoslavia and the HRE are back together again!
Villamo F
which is perfectly fine, if incredibly stupid
Same as TheCandle as well and who knows how many other accounts are his.
Foreighn solders should not be sationed on sovereighn soil.
I had better grades in my English class than in my Slovene class for most of the time in school
I wonder what will they say
You can only get that in the Netherlands I think, at least, that's the only place I ever found it.
I know, I don't find them weird either, but people have mentioned them in previous threads.
I do love almost all UK things I can watch/hear and read.
Meanwhile in real world, Poland could into space 13 years before UK.
Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement.”
Happy to see a fellow Slovenian is thinking the same way (even if just locally)
Seems to me like they lack a proper vowel in any case.
I always found funny how our normal word for Germans is etymologically a slur, while our slur for Germans (Švab) is just a name for a particular German tribe/region (Swabia).
you can be black white yellow brown pink purple red grey...
Everething can be only donated.
Quick question - what is it with Polish truck drivers
[Over-Mura Moving Cake]
Celje, for example, already existed before the Romans took it over
A tko se danes kličete volilci ZL.
It's like some sort of hybrid between Yugoslavia and Austro-Hungarian Empire
So I see them as much closer to us that Greeks for example
Laibach, Gramatik, Umek, Valentino Kanzyani, Perpetum Jazzile, Carmina Slovenica, Avsenik.
I really wish there was more sbow but last few years we get very little and it melts or turny into ice quickly.
They are also the reason why Slovenian coat of arms has those three stars.
Ia it just me or are here mostly pics of slovenia
Yes
Austria: Everything seems to be orderly and functioning properly (as opposed to our country)
Well not all of them, some were:
There's also other cave creatures that are only found here.
It’s called Wild Lake (Divje jezero) and it is about 160 meters deep
Big shoutout to all the brave Polish people saving lives of Brits lately
(Thanks god we have google translate )
This is something every country in history has done.
lebte die Beutelratte glücklich und zufrieden, bis eines Tages ein Attentäter kam,
But the marriage part is still in the air.
You know what America's biggest weakness is
It was also phrased as an opinion, and not as a direct call urging someone to act on it.
And the main "speciality" of our group is, that next year we'll celebrate 70 years since our establishment, so we think of ourselves as above every other group in our area, and in general
That is not being treated as an enemy
Most undergrad are 3 year courses.
Don't blame us
Tito often killed civilians who didnt agree with state policys...
Badly
As for personal income tax rates - I'd agree, however the limit should be based on the GDP / capita of the state
The Slovenian prime minister has tweeted that the winner shouldn't be announced before the courts do their thing
I think the first political unit to materializw slovene nationhood without any constraint was the People's Republic of Slovenia
What is your point
What happens when someone is a Muslim but say they're a Christian instead?
Fuck, we still have that, just different
Yes
I suggest *Revertere ad mittentis*
I too think of Bavaria when Texas is mentioned.
When I lose them in Slovene, it takes some description games
I guarantee you, that if China were to somehow manage to invade the US, gangbangers and the police, blacks and whites and everyone else would quickly set aside their differences, to go fight them
I'm not gonna say mental issues, because his problem may be of neurodevelopmental nature.
We as EE or as balkan have been killing eachother 26 years ago, and in some parts in Ukraine we still are.
The worst part was that if you came from a concentration camp you were likely to be shot as well as you were perceived as a nazi collaborator
Having visited my girlfriend in a kindergarten she works in, I can't imagine kids playing in their classrooms and climbing over gym equipment in the same shoes they wear outside
Lol, the article I was reading was probably from 2011 then.
We have very different definitions of what it means to rule and control, apparently
I feel more unsafe with them on our continent than without
Too many to write them all, but some of the more used are;  *flaša* (bottle), *lojtra* (ladder)*, žajfa* (soap)*, šraufenciger* (screwdriver)*, štanga* (rod/bar)*, šnops* (brandy), *žiher* (for sure), *glih* (from  German glich - not sure how to translate into English), etc
Well
In most cases the companies who take care of water are either private or are subject of the town/municipality.
Trije volkovi (three wolves)
We asimilated the Croatian alphabet who asimilated it from the Czeks.
And still your medical system is collapsing?
"giving up sovereignty" E...It does not work that way.
(r) zastar
I work for a safety testing company and it took us about a minute to expose vital (and decisively high voltage) components
Weddings there are spectacular.
Even among the Nazi government, the SS stand out as the worst of the worst, fanatic killers who were used by the Nazi party for their most depraved deeds.
So generally, counting is a little different than simple plural
I am positive other countries don't constantly talk about pedophilia, do they?
are the other stans all dictatorships too
I have a soft spot for Roman Empire though.
Most dorm apartments have 3 2bed rooms, a kitchen and a bathroom
Yes, exept there was a lack of gas, inflation, empty stores, shitty cars, ugly buildings, undemocratic governmet
There are plenty, that have a lower one...
I really didn't want to say "nationalistic at best" because I could upset at least a few viewers.
Serbia Should be Wary of British ‘Friend’ Johnson ::
That would only be an answer if majority of abortions were made among underage females.
Before I moved to Slovenia I thought it was basically Germany from stereotypes, then I had to face the fact it's just Balkan lite.
Jesus, it's Ljubljana too
They might not have been refugees, but what else could they have been?
but you can't be racist towards white people.
Sadly the commercial parts were never completed and usually transformed into flats themselves, mostly because there was a great shortage of them
We don't even have 'Murican sweets here.
I will cheer for Finland, Croatia, Austria and Germany
Most of my friends with kids aren't married but they're all registered as a union.
But then again that's not obese.
Kralj Matjaž
Well here, when i was like 5 we had snow in Ljubljana, like quite a bit of it
We Dinaric guys really kick the average up.
In Slovenian, we say *iti* *rakom žvižgat* (literally to whistle to the crabs) or *iti po gobe* (to go mushroom picking), but I'm pretty sure we don't have any phrases with biting
Beautiful instrument
Not so many
Otherwise, I know a number of great fencers from Italy, and you have your own traditions
The Numbers of them have to be lower then 30k.
I mean it's stable, but it's shit.
The fascist portrayal is from our mostly left media that can still stirring up antifascist sentiment in the people from the left of the yugonostalgia
I thought it was burek with cabbage but it's actually burek with spinach
We were supposed to go through the entire historical timeline both in primary and grammar school
Hmm
I don't think it's seen as special, due to large role of Austrian and German reinforcements (unlike the Doberdob).
Perhaps, I've got no idea how Croatian varies region by region
I dunno how popular are muslims in serbian communities.
folk music in all Balkan countries
n my opinion discrimination based on nationality should be considered racism too.
How much are we talking here
Afganistan is a safe country, so is Eritreja and DemRep kongo, sudan is arguable, but only a small region of the countries is in a state of war....
Fuck, my bad, I mistyped that
so you are of russian ethnicity, Slavic...
To me, it still feels like there's quite a socio-cultural "wall" between Italy and Slovenia/"Yugoslavia."
it was not the best time to visit lake Bled though, the red water was disgusting
Slovenian is different than Serbo-Croatian for the same reason Polish is not the same as Czech
At that time it was decided that Maribor would be part of Germany (Austria), so this federal state would most probably be inside German sphere, as Maribor was predominantly German town
Lidl has great wooden toys for kids, electronic and home improvement stuff is shit
Several ex-yu immigrants (I don't know where exactly they were from) attacked me and my friends once.
During the wave and all the shit that went down, majority changed their mind.
Basically our originl PM stepped down right before corona came so we ended up with an extreme right government most people did not want, just as corona hit
The battle at capporeto
Ill leave you be in your ignorance and your De Gaučish propaganda.
In my part of Slovenia(Northern Slovenia next to Austrian border) Germans are percieved as positive people
Plus subsidized food, transport and accommodations.
Yes, I got my licence 6 years ago and it was like this.
Both sponsored by Russian goverment
Saudis are too wealthy and too powerful
edit: grammar
The penalties included informal criticism, 'hard labour', and in some cases, execution
I live in a somewhat rural area in Slovenia, hunting is still pretty common here but on a visible decline compared to previous decades.
Pešec pešači čez pešaško cestišče got them like: Holy shit say that again
And this here is a prime example of why making fun of the US for being poorly educated is a hypocrisy.
Best places to see in Melania Trump's homeland
We drink water out of the pipes.
When I enrolled to high school I actually signed up for a "Russian class" which ment we'd get Russian as a 3rd foreign language instead of informatics in 2nd year.
Slovenia is literally too small so nothing significant would happen
Who is dumb enough to think Italy is a third world country
Well, well, well, I guess there is a way of expanding Piran Bay ...
However, most people change their tires in March and November.
I dobt think a map was ever as accurate as this one
There's probably more, but these just came from the top of my head
Google translate:
Still quite dumb
Good: everything up till you finish secondary education around age 18.
They are easily distinguishable but it's not so much about skin colour as it is their behaviour
It's not about cleaning them, it's about not soiling them in the first place.
They all wanted all the power for themselves and being in a federation is the opposite of that
Now that I think of it, we did start in 2nd grade of Elementary school, while English was only in 5th grade.
I never even heard anyone mention Turks in this kind of way
NATO wages wars when important countries order it
Oh, Christ, a hardcore determinist.
I think in first 2 or 3 grades we had a locker room
First they teach you printed like (grade 1 and 2 for me) after that it’s cursive all the way
No idea
Slovenia and Austria have 2 same regions, Styria and Carinthia
Colectewly, with your countrmyen.
Once you go van, you never go back
Most people who watch football in slovenia are mean anyway and racist (even to our own players of color)
And if you have an extra day, visit lake Bohinj
I actually grew up by watching italian synced anime, which made my childhood kind of multicultural, a weird slovene-italian-japanese blend
This is not Russia/North Korea.
It seems that's all they got on us.
Even when it comes to older population, many will understand at least the basics
Am, Slovene, can confirm
1h post, 260 comments and not locked
Most high schools I know (gymnasiums) offer French, Spanish and Italian (some Russian, Chinese is becoming popular) beside English and German which are compulsory throughout 4 years.
I'm almost certain 95% of women that age own a few shirts with love and/or happiness quotes on them
No idea what they were looking for, but it is defenitely not normal
Just barely tho
The national one here in Slovenia
I'm surprised about Croatia though.
"Germans prefer Hillary - but Balkans is divided" - -
If there is only space for 1 car and I can't see far enough ahead, I'll probably go 40 as well
I mean, I agree but how exactly would Venice benefit *financialy* by curbing tourism
And then a classic recommendation, [Alamut]
Yes, but that is only Italianized version of Slovenian and Croatian surnames that end with ič in Slovenia or ić in Croatia
Wouldn't such statements make him more atractable to the lect?
Its a beautuifull image, Don't you like the clouds in the background?
Ok, now I know wich independence.
Every time I hear portuguese my brain goes "ok, this sounds like us, but i can't understand a single thing
Lately
If there's one thing this Corona virus is good for is that you now can visit places that were previously too crowded
Asti F
But in Hungarian mixed areas all schools are bilingual which means language of instruction is both Slovenian and Hungarian
And Austria wasn't that far ahead in 1921.
Not enough votes you say
Yeah Koper has a port because it’s by the sea, and Ljubljana isn’t, I mean that’s just fact and you cannot change it, why would we talk about hypothetical situations
My mind is blown and I regret saying anything
so this dictricts dont have muslim majoritys?
Slovenka - Slovene: Slovenian girl; Slovak: Slovakian girl
I don't know, does this give us an excuse to brag about having several plurals :^ )?
Guys, you have my absolute support and it seems the world is on your side.
Božiček gives presents on Christmas, Dedek Mraz on New Years day.
Again you dont wanna come back to reality.
then they will try to dispute their obligation to pay.
We have a shit-ton of dialects, so in most cases, you can nail down where a person comes from with reasonable accuracy as soon as he starts talking.
BEHOLD
We don't like it
You are welcome to desolve at any point.
As for Americans, a user replied that in the USA grammar schools are elementary schools
I tried to get a few americans to  pronounce Ljubljana once
I think there must be something really wrong with you to do something like that to your wife (if she really didn't know)
Saying that UK was in this just for financial benefit is a gross misrepresentation of the truth
As naming villages Forest is incredibly popular
Bruh, i dont watch nova tv
Also imagine if there were rewards paid out for reporting legal loopholes, financed by fines paid by those who failed at it and with the provision that loopholes get automatically plugged by an independent commission
ummm a diatonic button accordion?
> The exclamation “Boh” is only italian
It would be just a place on the map if my mate didn't marry a Kyrgyz girl.
We have nothing in common with most of those countries.
Since last year or 2018 i think for the first time in human history more people live in cities than in the countryside
And the new minister for internal affairs(the one overlooking the police) is a director in that firm(media house)
Yeah, those pecky locals wanting to stop me from destroying their livelyhood.
The owners, or managers at least, of this place, are a gay couple that organises very fancy weddings, so, you know, gotta be fully fancy.
Girl Scouts - Skavti, are basically Boy Scouts, but openly Catholic
It's like Como, but much less expensive, and in my opinion a lot more charming
Similair thing here how nobody wanted to stay.
You forgot to add USA to that list.
I guess Mexico is already looking for a credit.
Tomorow Im going hikin so there is that.
I need to save time walking to the station
Whaat
Tertiary is already pretty much there, though, with mutual recognition of degrees
is Kıbrıs island of Cyprus
Why downgrade if you can upgrade?
At night when you're driving to the house those shiny eyes can be quite creepy and you need to be careful not to hit something.
East is definitely more suitable for agriculture
The number of homeless people and beggars, war veterans and junkies was staggering.
They are also generally more risk taking and more prone to alcoholism.
It's really silly for UK politicians to expect that the EU will bend over backwards, compromise the union, throw members under the bus just to accommodate all UK demands
Maybe because I already knew a lot about Japan?
No raisins
Because I really hated the French 98
Zois
We didn't have religious extremists
44 % of the european muslims are fundamentalists.
That distinction distinction goes to Italy (who else?).
Maybe english spelling is less intuitive than slovenian
The fascist policies included strong nationalistic policies.
So there is a lot of us who are completely bilingual regardless of which is the motherthongue
What the
Im amazed how many of you have it set to under 20°C.
But that was 15 years ago, I hope it has gotten more interesting by now.
And let's not forget about people from other countries hunting for endangered cave bugs.
Still, Slovenia is one of the few EU member states that is willing to be cordial with Putin's Russia it seems, it does certainly help that we've had very, very limited contact with Russia throughout history
I hope it'll be your father/mother/brother/friend that gets killed
That's it - this bruger was only introduced this year I think.
It's a non-binding resolution and I couldn't find any specific time-frame for when it's supposed to go in effect.
We're more focused at the border dispute with Croatia at the moment.
I've see photos of dead decaying dogs among groups of dogs still housed there
We don't have big cities and actually many people live in villages where you are not always enough visable for other vehicles
The bottom line is that it's about paratroopers, not MiG-21's and Gripens.
Well that's a šiptar for you
Also add the fact that desktops are pretty much obsolete with nontech crowd
> Some are strangers that come and go
Edit: one more thing to put costs into perpective
Everyone gets along great, a good chunk of every school is a mix of every nation from ex-Yugoslav republics you have a national smoothie.
Nice
No war, no strife shall hold its sway,
Also locals can be tourists as well, so that's really not a measurement.
No piece of paper lacking information can undo his heritage.
It's what they use in UKC MB
as every other issue in the balkans.
Ja, to je kultura
Quite a lot of companies actually survived, the tycoon privarization destroyed many doe.
Still quite dumb
Italy and France are notorious for having very poor english knowledge overall
I have some relatives there  because one of my grandafther's brothers made it out alive
Our main right-wing party and the biggest party by memberships is slowly sliding towards extreme right.
Churchill is being criticized in the House of Commons for not doing more to prevent Italy from joining the Axis in WW2
Well an Italian from Trieste would be an Italian, not a Slovene.
Plus your economy was still working after Versailles, you weren't destroyed as a state and your nationalist parties were allowed to go unchecked.
From my experience most people in Slovenia are like that too
pes laja (a dog is barking)
Good to know palačinke are a thing of the whole ex austro-hungary
Questions should relate to Europe or European subdivisions.
The biggest centre for that in fact is Koper where our biggest and only commercial port is located
A quick Google Image search of "Bosnian war" or "war in Croatia" will explain to you why.
But really, I don't really dislike any of our neighbours.
Something similar that we do celebrate, though (similar as in you also dress up) is pust.
The idea is that you don't get to build shit in a country with no regulations and then sell it in a country with strict ones.
Ural -> Don -> Istanbul, add Greek islands to Europe and voila!
But everyone does get very creative with their pronunciations of Ljubljana
I hope Celje starts growing again
No, we had civil union/registered partnership before this.
* Higher [iHDI] than many of the old empires - check
Not really, we have jokes about most.
You are normal
Murska Sobota means Mur Saturday
You Slavic, you must feel closer to Russia.
I admire your sentiment, but as someone from a tiny country that's been someone's b**** for all of history up until 91, I share that stance with /u/Eurovision2006
No, Germany is in charge NOW, where they write the rules and LOAN you money
If you own a business, then you must own the real deal like legit Windows or legit anti-virus program and etc or you will get fined.
We do that too with leftover pancakes.
Lidl has just cheap stuff and the knock-off versions of the well-known brands
Oh I know, I just added to your point
On one hand, we will need less people in the future, on the other, empty clay was always up for grabs.
Wouldn't that be a breach of privacy?
Ko to kaže da Srbija nema more??
The main character's double sprung from the earth and flew away by his (her?) hands, and you ask what's wrong with it.
I have a love-hate relationship with that episode
JAZZ MUSIC STOPS
None of it makes sense but I wish him well
If you read carefully and slowly, you'll see those things were mentioned by him first (except the *self centric as fuck* part).
It may just be super popular in Ireland.
In Slovenia I think there are far more than just Ljubljana
Literalery the wikipedia article on the guy:
and Slovenes and Croats in Italian Istria would have been safe.
On the contrary in the Škocjan caves you have the stalagmite and stalactite part which later evolves into a massive underground gorge with waterfalls and a magnificent exit in the green dolina
Well, Nutella is definitely not the same.
[This] and [this] are one of the nicest songs ever
the mountain is literally getting schooled here.
The EU itself is proof that that's not true, considering we're living in the longest period without a major war in Europe in history
We have duality instead of just singularity and plurality in Slovene :
No idea what that is, it looks just like Polenta.
Would also love to see Pula or so
I realised there were scouts in Europe really late as well
I also need to mention that the most common joke in Slovenia is about Trst (Trieste) in Italy since it was ours in the past and a lot of Slovenian people still live there
hiroshima,
I believed we were only in Singapore until later when I saw the date and place under the family photos on the travels) are something I always something I associate with Singapore
I actually like the current one more
They were making fun of earthquake victims in Italy
Gave them some branches and what was left of my aple.
People groups then didn't exactly live seperate from each other and influence each other, but also evolved together
I understand
[Vrag naj vzame]
intentional homicide rate: 0
Ia it just me or are here mostly pics of slovenia
Yeah agree on that
[Celjska koča] ) (Celje hut) is nice
[Higher resolution, no watermark.]
Competitive blaming of events in the 1940s and 1950s for the modern-day economical, social, and political situation
I think it has a lot to do with their media and how dramatic americans are
To be noted: "Na zdravje" is also used as "cheers" when drinking!
La Spezia is alright, imo
With a [trailer] or a [van] or a company you bought it from delivers it to you.
Never seen one of those here
No good food like Doritos, we have no Spotify, I don't know were to find Persona 5 royal, no foreign food
I've been in Croatia, Bosnia, Serbia and Montenegro and I didn't see anyone doing it, either.
I finished primary school in 2006 and we basically stopped in 1945, with a very superficial mention of the events of 1991.
They laughed at Android
Well you got a point there
German population is in stagnation while UK is rising as fuck.
A bus and a fucking *ambulance driver* out of all people
Imo Italian is easier than English
but he claimed that it was the official insigina of the Croatian Armed Forces
Also imagine if there were rewards paid out for reporting legal loopholes, financed by fines paid by those who failed at it and with the provision that loopholes get automatically plugged by an independent commission
While I was studying in LJ, I knew quite a bit of vegans, even some raw vegans.
Again giving the french more legitimecy than the Germans.
Do they have something to show actually?
However, the italian minority is very active culturally and has many rights and institutions in place
I can't wait for Raiven's song.
#unaligned
u/a-soul-in-tension can you please the provide the source for book sales though
What /u/Essiggurkerl said about Austria is also valid for Slovenia for the most part.
It's what they agreed to do at NATO meetings.
It's made out of stone and restoration is a thing
For example: Prmejduš, da ne grem tja
I doubt Renault will be there much longer.
Coughs in Spanish
I watched a movie about this as a kid
0 period starts at 7:05, 1st period starts at 7:55
Dam Romania what are you doing on trains.
The Rapallo Treaty is from 1922 I am talking about the period between the and of the war end the treaty of Osimo of 1975 who also beside setting the border also included a set of protection of the few italian speakers remaining ending an era of persecution and Forced exiles and closing two major points of tension
A hotel employee literally asked my 14 at the time cousin to stay with him at night infront of our parents
That this was found using a very different methodology than other studies lends some credence to the links between the two.[9]
US fighting war on their soil is so 1860s......
That's exactly how it is
i know i always want to contribute a unique slovenian perspective to the questions, but if i dont know the answer it at least tells you that slovenians probably dont know or dont have X in their culture/society
If you learn just Slovenian to fluency without exposure to the dialects, everyone will understand you, but you'll still understand precious little of what natives are saying to each other, if they're all from the same part of the country, no matter which one
Pretty clever, ngl
Same in Slovene, both are “zmaj”
Primorska (litoral region) - I don't know about any jokes (but if they exist they must be weather related), but we are looked down on (especially northern part)
Ljubljana is what it is
Also a country that has a suppression of regions written in its constitution shouldn't be considered democratic at all
Well
I'm sorry if it came across that way, but it wasn't intended as chastising, just as pointing out something that isn't well-known in "the west".
Well I am a bit sceptical about this because having a public and private practice inherently brings a clash of interest - especially if the private part of it does not represent just a 3 hour a week side job but the majority of your income
I don't think they should be funded by taxpayers money either.
Props to your dad and I'm happy the bouncer wasn't a total dickhead
"It's free real estate
I wouldn't be surprised if a deer walked in one night since we leave the door open often in the summer.
4 (preschool) to 5,5 (secondary school) years
All those very scripted "reality shows".
Now in corona times I travelled across a good part of central Europe by train
you mean like Slovenia made somekind of terrorist act on yugoslavia, or how germans were behind it all.
I don't think I'd be able to keep a straight face.
Basically I’ve never felt unsafe at night anywhere in Slovenia, however, females might have a different experience
As for trade - there is no way the US can control the Mediterranean
Also, Hungary is split in half for some reason.
We have professional and volounteer firefighters.
Goldinar also comes to my mind.
There hasn't been a winter without snow.
Kidney transplantation - 82
Nights suck ass though
In rural areas, you wont see them often
Something not so historical, but current: we rank 2nd for the amount of suicides (in Europe)
All the kids grew up playing in the mud or in the woods and most kids helped tending vegetable paches
Hvala vam
There is an outcry both from the government officials and from the public for Turkey to admit the genocide of the Armenians yet no one bats an eye to Japan.
War
The weirdest to me is the one for Bellatrix
That's just how it is
No shouting in public unless absolutely necessairy, no talking to strangers, even smalltalk is, at least in Slovenia, just a way to make yourself unpopular and annoying
A lot of German brand laundry products are made in Czech R.
Hazelnut Milka used to have way more hazelnuts in Austria than in Slovenia.
Let's see
Yugoslavia, Libya are both NATO wars
While the left is against that, and the only figure against the 🇺🇸 is 🇷🇺
> The plum ones are more popular here as well
House in Slovenian is "Zdravnikova vest" or in English - Doctors Conscience
Not everyone you disagree with is far right wing, you know.
I'm fairly certain you're 100% wrong on this one
Nice
How would a tyrannosaurus even hold the ship's wheel?
I thought it was a meme
In high school, sometimes a few kids that lived in villages that have gotten lots of snow during night time and didn't live close to the train station didn't come to school on that day or were late, but city kids and those living close to the train station could easily come so there's no point in having a snow day for the whole school.
I wasn't alive during Tito's period so I cannot compare.
They are thieves
It seems like the smaller the country is the more they like the Euro
Not beaten, you'll just be thrown off.
As soon as albania joins half of their population will emigrate.
After 1 week of doctor strike Slovenias medical system at the braking point
Do you have any page with the statistics?
The question is, what was he even doing in Germany
Passport is quite large so if you go to Croatia for a daytrip or shopping in Austria (yes sometimes they check in border crossing in Austria even though we are Schengen) so ID is more practical because you can always have it in the wallet
Isn't that what I just said though?
Wine and champaigne is drunk from the tall wine glasses and everything else from a regular glass.
Do you want to pay 1000s for school and doctors visits?
Yeah, Slavs are here otomans and byzantians are gone.
True, its annoying to have to talk in english just because of that one non-speaker
Slovene quite often adds schwa before r or more rarely l to manage pronounciation of consonant clusters, but we don't use a letter for it
We have this [doll shit] as well but for every round or 18th birthday
I use English pretty much everywhere.
And you'd be adding the rest of Europe on top of that, which doesn't bring THAT much but it helps
Your second source says, there's also Poland, Slovenia, Macedonia, Russia, Estonia, Moldova ...
laguage), which means many different influences
It's difficult to cut it down to a few, so these are my picks.
I don't think I've ever even heard it on the radio.
The OP has the UK visa which has nothing to do with Schengen :)
Maybe a few
Otherwise also the Zither used to be popular in alpine areas and the Cimbalom in pannonian areas
Do you seriously believe that the person who has created the logo didn't realize the resemblance to the SS logo?
A week doesn't go by in the summer where we don't hear about another group of Czechs getting lost in the mountains.
* Median person's net [wealth] > $50k - check
The comon solder think "you killed everione im my vilage, I'll kill everione in your" We have seen this freout history, most noticably in WW2 in say British night bombing of Hamburg.
You even need to buckle up your pets here or have them in a transporter which need to also be secured
As a kid I also hitchhiked everywhere, within our country and across quite a bit of Europe.
I was sharing a small flat with my boyfriend, we both had regular (but entry-level) jobs, and our combined income was about 1800-1900 €.
One of them is actually a Slovenian
Our most international appearance on TV, we pride ourselves with good knowledge and pronunciation
I think no one comes close to [Maja Keuc] We have very very very very very very few beautiful famous women.
^Shamelessly ^stolen ^from ^Taboo
Is this a state run refugee camp or is it a "refugee camp" like Jungle in Calais?
We don't either
psa lajata (2 dogs are barking)
000€ per month". You see where I am going with this
I still think something needs to be done about it.
If you are ever in Slovenia, Prekmurje region, you need to have it
After the construction finished the price more then doubled, to about 1 billion and 200 million I think
No organized religion or institution should have power over the state and people’s rights
It's either that or they ask if my dad works for the military/the embassy
In Slovene media they went mostly as a joke
)^(or know we exist)
both of these territories belonged to another nation but russia succeeded in projecting enough power that nobody else in the world dared to oppose them directly in a conflict.
Am 21 can confirm, started liking EU now this
IDK this might just be my ramblings :)
The Slovene Supreme Court is not equivalent in power to the American though
Oh my god, we're brothers in this shit
The guy was shot down in 1994 on a rest stop.
Half of Notranjska and practically the whole of Zasavje are within Ljubljana’s commuter belt
Really
In kaj je za tebe kultura
A tale of the demise of Nokia is a tale of grave incompetence
That is why most of neighbours are actually related to me
Its a NATO ocupied area in the south of Serbia.
*sigh*
I would assume crossing the border on train would be similar.
The longer the woman is pregnant, the riskier it gets.
I can't think of many explicitly ugly cities, but Jesenice is the worst I've seen in Slovenia
That is maybe the biggest cultural shock I had in Poland
In my region almost all of the industry was built by german industrialists.
All the members of the minority speak fluent slovene, also a huge number of slovenes speak italian, but unfortunately not all of them (sadly also many people at official positions have quite a poor fluency in italian)
If there's one thing this Corona virus is good for is that you now can visit places that were previously too crowded
edit: spelling
I don't know why, but Scandinavian pancakes are just something other than crêpe and what other countries call pancakes.
Average wage before taxes is around 1700 EUR).
How can we be balkan without civil wars and massacres, that's the whole point of balkan!
Fredy Miler  So bad it made him a local celebrity
You'd annoy us by calling us Eastern European
This map shows development compared to other EU countries
Over here it's "you better ask someone sober to drive you because there's cops everywhere" day.
I would put Croatia as a bully or as a kid who goes through neighbor's bag and steals :)
Wow jee sir doesnt that mean the majorety want out and there is no way to change it?
Hozntregerji - Hosenträger - suspenders
"Damn those Muricans and their understanding of history and geo...
Nah, it isn't as simple as that.
I like some small snacks with or after wine though, like olives or a bit of cheese
Never in my life have I heard somebody call someone else pobalin or cefizelj
Depends on the country
Considering Tito smoked Cuban cigars in the White House
music, but not American Country.
Considering he's talking about Russia, I think he means ex-ussr and satellite states.
I am pretty sure that kind of porn is illegal in the UK
because its the exact same thing, a person saying something you believe in or identify with is wrong.
- Severus Snape - Robaus Raws
Those at the top are just the products of their environment, culture and upbringing.
Every time someone posts something in vein, a men's rights warrior appears out of woodwork and starts talking about men's reproductive rights and financial abortion.
Taki razfuk da te bo odneslo z obličja zemlje
Nothing brings people together like a common enemy.
> Not sure if joking or serious:
Sadly, it's the capital
Delo bom s tebo ko svija s koruzo
And you are still trying to steal our Piranski zaliv
It works
And everyone who think this is good is also an idiot.
We use quite a number of these as well, but the obvious difference is superga (after Superga, I think they are an Italian brand) for sneaker
**Slovenia because we look like a chicken
I'm sure they would just hike up the price to 2.10 !
I guess older generations learned Serbo-Croatian in school
Same goes fot theatre and opera ect.
- James I. = Jakob I.
I have actually stumbled upon a pedophilia subthread on some psyche forum once.
Ahh Dolenjska, never even knew thee
This is some weerd Vlah stuf :P #VlaškaPosla /jk
Luxembourg err I don't know I've never been there
Are you working in the Notre Dame
Do you know why the slovenian and bosnian people get along so well?
EDIT: I think I've given enough information for anyone to actually find out what group (rod) I'm part of
It's definitely the coastal region with Koper as the main city
If you want it, you have to sign up for it each week at the terminal or online
More and more ppl talk of how nice a dictator wour be to take care of things.
I love fucking Finland
I don't think many countries have religious classes
Maybe not exactly fake, but having multiple headlines like: Trump is following the authoritarian playbook, Why some conservatives say Trump talk is fascist, Veteran GOP strategist: Trump is a 'fascist', Is Donald Trump a fascist?...
not what we are thought, but every story has multiple points of views
Damn, I'm a musical omnivore, impossible for me to narrow it down to just one.
Ah, that'd be lovely, wouldn't it?
Oh yeah
So, saying “bring me your pen” should be “prinesi mi *svoj* kuli”. Your own pen
The big change is that few "military secret" bases that were closed to public are now opened
This type of posing on stairs is now known a Boruting in Slovenia
HDZ probably wouldn't approve :)
I'm not much of a USA fan, but you doing this to yourself is just an ugly sight
For Slovenia it's normal to be hung up on certain holidays
What an amazing sub
Chilly:1-11
I'm just going to put this here
USA isnt all that interested in the artic.
How the fuck is nato fucking with russia?
Why is there these wannabe ghetto kids in mostly rich european countries
We should start apeling to our goverments to recognize Transnistria.
whell now, racism fals under hate speach, and e can frow thm in jail or something for that
*The leaders of declining great powers trying in vain to persuade the leader of their allied declining super power not to shoot everyone in the foot with a minigun, repeatedly
Even now that they dont have your 17th state
Hearing some nice German song gets me in the mood for learning it
My stuff
"How many
1 have you ever tried excalerating in a manual?
I'll take that over the crazy that is 2342390457 tenses most non-Slavic languages have
American getting saved in Slovenia
I guess I'm wondering where you set the cutoff for "white" on the color scale and why you would want to.
The most common milk here is UHT pasteurised so as long as it's unopened it can stay at room temperature for months
I mean sure GDP, purchases parity, GINI coefficient are all way higher than they were then, but back then we actually had our own economy, now it's  just empty husk of a thing, after we sold all of the most important parts of it
It gets easier with each new language really.
However Ljubljana has a rivalry with basically any other city in the country
And most importantly, Italians in general seem not to overindulge in the unhealthy stuff and value quality over quantity
Četvorka
Erm, election results tell the story pall.
It should be Holy European Empire.
I know this comes up a lot and people here joke about it, but in this New Years holidays I had to explain that Slovenia is NOT Slovakia
5 would probably be "the best" for the EU as a whole, but I feel like most countries would be too scared to commit to something as big as that.
Read Dictator's handbook
Anyway thank you for putting in the work and merry christmas!
They have border disputes all ower for no reason what so evever.
Ljubljana is the wettest capital in the EU, 2nd after Podgorica in Europe.
Realistically though, the one word that's omnipresent and confuses many a native English speaker who stumbles across it - "full" meaning very
Eh, I feel that that one is true, but it's mostly because it's americans that are popularizing it, because they have a huge history of Italian migration, and because of their status as a cultural hegemon
West and south slavs don't drink that at all
I feel safe walking alone anywhere
I do wonder what kind of crazy ass suspension did the chariots driving over this have
Also, everyone was in a 70's porsche, which was also beautiful.
We had to know types of soil, vegetation, climate etc.
The US would do everything in their power to prevent an EU-Russia alliance, because it's clear to everyone that if that happens, it's down to 2nd place for the US
Carpet, that was everywhere, looked disgusting
-er
Looks like a retarded version of the guys in Clockwork Orange.
And you're a land stealer to everyone.
o.O as a Slovene I never could understand the hatred.
Wir helfen kranken Vögeln - we help sick birds
i dont get it, you know what mordhau and halfswording is, so why are you trying to perpetuate the same retarded stereotypes of old.
The only way I recognize another Slovene is when they open their mouth
(this is mostly for people outside Slovenia to get the difference)
All NATO members said that they would be spending 2 percent.
They often find solace and male camaraderie lacking in their daily lives in online communities where they can quickly get radicalized
Pri nas je tak, da bo moj fotr rabil delat pet let več, da dobi človeku spodobno penzijo, ker njegov lastnik firme ni plačeval prispevkov in se mu nič ni zgodilo.
Its not like you germans will have this problem.
It has the potential to be a model for the next big change in human civilisation.
I thought you meant competing economic systems among EU states.
Whoever wants to use an exit just has to wait, I guess
When it comes to cultural heritage, I don't only see it as European, Asian or African heritage but as human heritage
Personally, I love almost all the non-political stuff from Russia.
Thats what makes us so innovative but it is also the very thing which prevents something like 'Universal income' from happening today.
What will you say when your child asks you why didn't you invest in Eastern Turkey?
They're basically what's left of pannonian Slovenes from before the Hungarians came, pair that with living under hungarian rule for centuries separate from the rest in Italy and Austria and you get a very distinct region
Haha I love to hear how others hear our language
It also provides some security I think
Almost no one has a second name in slovenia
Well, well, well, I guess there is a way of expanding Piran Bay ...
Only in Eastern Europe can something be so sad it becomes funny.
No matter were they came from
We were one of the first to have a Bible translated to our language.
I read about that and found it hilarious
Yeah, it would make more sense if they spoke Galician.
> peanutsauce on fries
Stick with to your strong traits.
> "Pozor, policie varuje"
What is it with Turkey and cats
If they were thrown or maybe just fell on the hard ground they can't be "good as new".
Yes of course because the US is way older than Europe
25% of these have more than one pet.
No in 2013 in order to avoid the troika (suposedly) (again) we put into our constitution something called the golden rule.
Upper Carniola had a lot of German cultural influences which can still be felt today, while White Carniola was settled by Croats and Serbs fleeing from Turkish-occupied lands in the Middle ages.
Am 21 can confirm, started liking EU now this
Apart from the tragedy, it's actually a very easy read with great rhythm
Or just eat more pizza for more tomato.
who I've heard described as "literally Trump, just more moderate and with a left cloak"
Big multinationals love to sell on that market, but prefer to employ their workforce in cheaper countries.
*Mein Gott, he's mansplaining again
There's a small military ceremony in that place every year.
If the majority of people in your country think the same way you do, fine.
A native Slavic-speaking Muslim community emerged and eventually became the largest of the ethno-religious groups due to lack of strong Christian church organizations and continuous rivalry between the Orthodox and Catholic churches, while the indigenous Bosnian Church disappeared altogether (ostensibly by conversion of its members to Islam).
Good for you, I have like 20°C rn and it's also raining
Both ignore smaller states because victory is not worth the effort (and expense)
the good news is, we are doing something for global warming
At most you might have to pay 2000€ per year.
It just sounds weird in my opinion
I feel like English-speaking folks don't really understand that we don't have an "authentic" or consistent accent and vocabulary in the English language as we learn and build it from many different sources
Even if we had kept the tolar, rest assured that a loaf of bread would cost 400 SIT today.
If you can get some birch syrup from Alaska it should work for just about anyone with any kind of eating ethic.
I don't think any police officer anywhere in the EU would let it slide if I got stopped traveling with just my driver's license, even though that's a valid form of ID in Slovenia
This basilica has always been privately financed iirc
to - this
[Me every time there's a pro-monarchist post at Europe]
The camp was established by the governing Ustaše regime and not operated by Nazi Germany.
Do you follow or read through/analyze your MPs work.
We hardly stick our necks out for ourselves and wouldn't do it for anyone else
Woke me up and spooked the shit out of me
Don't wana get killed by Islam.
Probably modern beekeeping, which was pioneered by Anton Janša in the 18th century
Bosnia was co-ruled by Austria and Hungary during the days of Austria-Hungary.
I agree this would be nice, but it wouldn't work
That's why it needs to be killed on a national level, so we can all switch at the same time otherwise it'll never happen
Well they do have some interesting chants, too.
Abundance of ъ is the giveaway for Bulgarian, ї is Ukrainian, and ђ and ћ Serbian.
Yes, the minced-meat-with-rice-wrapped-in-cabbage sarma.
I mean at least a normal Slovene should know that our Gorica (new one) isn't actually (old) Gorizia if you know what I mean.
No, You just need to pay for postage.
Isn't there a movement in Trieste to gain independence?
Another case thing that grinds my gears is not properly declining foreign male first names and last names
Later, on the the Italian front, it was the opposite.
...and there was much rejoicing
In rural aread it is an everyday standard
There are so many Liams here as well.
So far there was so need because it's not far to Ikeas in Italy and Austria anyway.
In the west, people tend to be fluent in Italian rather than German, due to proximity to Italy
Opening a can of worms here ...
...what
There's also a [companion video] with it, that shows the steps (though the voice and text are also in Slovenian)
Just Hungary
Not entirely abandoned because there was still activity there but no controls
**Southern** end of what's considered **Central Europe**.
blanking out after that, all i can think of is famous tokyo centers like shibuya, akihabara etc
Would you support a ban on Islamic immigration?
Though there WERE problems with Bosnian refugees here, probably because of a high relative number to our population and having a lot of migrants from Serbia as well, their culture is stil a lot closer than the middle eastern culture.
I have no idea what that is
This castle was the home of [Couts of Cilli] Princes of the Holy Roman Empire, who managed to get tied by marriage to kings of Poland and Hungary and bans of Bosnia and Croatia.
Afterwards, when it was rebuilt, architecture and the city drastically changed
With its resources, Iran could sink a carrier already
Also, Slovenia is a Slavic country, that borders Italy (romanic language), Austria (germanic language) and Hungary (Ugrofinnic
He's trying to speak a 'British' accent but it's very noticable he didn't grow up there.
So happy Slovenia didn't make it to the list
Should the cost be placed upon everyone or like it is now onto those that use the train
The average price of houses sold in Ljubljana last year was 330,000 € while the average gross salary is 1,753 €/month (which comes to 1,133 € after taxes)
WW3 is coming anyways :(
See, European nations have historically and still are the best at just that; caring for their own people.
It was worth TEN tolars, there were also coins for 1, 2 and 5 tolars and all were frequently used.
We had some sex-ed in primary school somewhere at the age of 14, but before that it was mostly trough TV (no PG ratting at that time yet) but no parent talking
Also sometimes we just name villages after one particular tree: Poplar (Topol), Maple (Javor), Birch (Brezje) and Linden (Lipa)
I was sharing a small flat with my boyfriend, we both had regular (but entry-level) jobs, and our combined income was about 1800-1900 €.
I feel ya man, same thing happened with our stricter internet rules
u/YuYuHunter is actually the great inquisitor.
The mechanism is commonly used to sell off student debt in the US.
Stop producing nazis all acros your country.
This is for elementary school
+ Your money is deducted from salary regardless, you have no say which agency gets it
I just know that there was a pagan shrine to Živa, goddess of life and fertility, on Bled island before they built a church there.
There are other places as well
My grandma lives in a heavily forested part of Slovenia, and multiple times while out tending to her fields she has seen a brown bear
You could cram it all in one or two lessons
The only people that drive in GB are those who are gonna spend money in the GB.
On contrary, I think you're obsessing over what Europeans think of the US.
He's pro anything that seems to be currently in vogue with the right because he isn't actually a true right-ish person
Some Croatian cities are also recycling pretty well
I have a question for Italians, why would you come here
As an european, I feel so offended
Then we saw other people go directly to the counter
Trieste had the biggest Slovene population, that's why.
000, most of them less than 5k)
but the propaganda machine goes on and on.
A rule of thumb is that more recently discovered elements are more likely to make sense, while older don't.
- prva moška sklanjatev (korak, -a)
You produce the most visible nazis of history, Hitler, Heider and others.
Usually we talk a bit for the first 15 mins, then we run out of things to say, shut up and ride.
...and there was much rejoicing
10/10 would consume mulled wine in close proximity to
If you truly had a law degree you would know that a constitution is a document.
One's being built in Ljubljana, though
But it wouldn't come to that
Croatia is definetely wrong since it shares the nuclear powerplant with slovenia
During the daytime, bikes don't get stolen so easily, but a good looking new bike will probably not survive a night unsurveilled on any public space
but in English, I say it with an s, could be wrong doe ( [buːdəpɛst/] is the pronunciation according to Wikipedia)
That's why I think most 'cup' recipes I use, taste weird or are weird texture.
+ not getting the doctors approval for a specialist appointment, because it costs money, and your condition hasn't deteriorated so far to make it necessary, of course once it has progressed enough, you are further delayed by longer waiting lines, before you actually reach the specialist it may be too late (cancer) or you have permanent damage despite the procedure
When I was in Vienna I visited some of the places where [Before Sunrise] was filmed.
And of course Hungary is the one that most openly talks about its irredentism (wishes to annex parts of neigbor states that were once part of Hungary)
It's how you treat those people in day to day life
And I know May is supposedly talking and Trump is listening, but Merkel just looks absolutely miserable here, trying to gain some semblance of control
French elite be like
Intentionally slow down to match its speed and stay on same course, stop and move out of way or speed up even if slightly
I swear only the stoned people have figured out that you just wait until the train stops completely and then slooooowly go in, the rest of us just try to beat the train looool
on - he
One factor to consider: Commuters to Ljubljana count as residents of the east but contribute to the GDP of the west
We have a saying that goes "vsaka vas ima svoj glas" (every village has its own voice), meaning that every village has a slightly different speech than the neighboring one
Okay, the language has similar roots, but the culture
>Glava, ramena, koljena i nožni prsti
top - cannon
Putin always sits like this
It is really much more expensive than in my country (around 2 million people)
I actually like the current one more
> Strangely, it also seems like a sizeable chunk of the far-left supported the directive in it's current state
Several injured, 15 yo girl in critical condition (has already been reported dead but that has just been denied by the hospital) according to the main croatian media
Sure lots of young men and women die in a terrible fashion and civilians get bombed
>But I don't think eastern European is an insult
It's quite a rare profession, I think.
Slovenia is a pro Russia nation.
It's what they use in UKC MB
over here we are "sexing"
Unless you're taking your time, there's a good chance you'll miss it.
I do, on this sub and r/Europe.
Signed: a čefur
First time hearing this so no and I haven't seen anyone wearing it ever
You lay the can down sideways
blanking out after that, all i can think of is famous tokyo centers like shibuya, akihabara etc
I'm erect
I don't think German population was monstruously brainwashed.
I mean yeah it's southern regions are pretty far down but still
000€ as it is right now if you put me in charge I will pay you 250
Imo moving out means staying at the place all the time (incl weekend and holiday breaks) and taking care of household
There are some special cases but in most cases if you hear a wird you can spell it
We eat those in "sour soup" and "obara".
We have it only as optional class and I don't think that even all schools have it
Whell you have to understand war.
this is the nation who voted in hitler
I can barely contain the laughter
So yeah I'm fine with it
What they stand for is good, but how they do it is not so good.
- Your culture theory is also wrong
Yeah right, the last time it took you two months to get to Vienna from Budapest.
Just finnished my orgasm
Reminded me of this German gem:
Only change in past 20 years was that one of states decided to split their EV according to popular vote in their state
White tires
easiest way is giving any future immigrants only a select few places to settle in, making sure they are distributed across the country and not creating enclaves
We don't bite anything
- Richard Lionheart = Rihard Levjesrčni
Reguarding presidential elections TITO was first voted in as pressident and than a second vote was held weather or not to give him an unlimited term.
One of only three battleship sinkings caught on film
The town had around 50
They're wearing body armour and weapons and all that but wearing some casual jeans and sneakers
Also: how far to the right a country is
An Italian man from Trieste is Italian and a member of the Slovene minority in Trieste is Slovene.
no, its the first time i heard this.
We don't have a national liquor
Oh yes, the famous *Požigalec* (Pyromaniac).
How is this relevant in this sub
I feel you
And you can always fill up your own bottle with tap water which is pretty good.
Wow, you can actually see the Corridor on this one.
I do, however, find it easier to spot some other nationalities, for example Italians or nationals of some ex-Yugoslav countries
Not always, but often
The animosities definitely accumulated over time, and there were tons of ups and downs in Croat-Serb relations.
Seriously
If my country shall not suffer for some random EU birocratic shit.
Its kinda justified i am saying.
The people who don't want to live in his perfect world will be euthanized.
However, the quality varies a lot and some sections were clearly designed by people who've never ridden a bike
On a first glance i find german and slovenian words for flower wrong...one is blume and other is roža
Depending on conditions of course, I won't overdo it in fog or heavy rain
In our case it's more about politicans that keep bringing up border affairs for the last 25 years and they can't agree on a single thing.
It has a submarine, fighter planes, tanks, apcs, guns, trucks and other ww2 stuff
Things are already getting heated so I'm pretty sure the governments will close the borders before the people start revolting.
Now this is podracing
French
It's also why it's one of my favorite countries to visit - dat food
In my opinion, if 🇪🇺 wants to be more militarely conected, NATO in 🇪🇺 must end, and 🇪🇺 must proclame neutralety.
I mean, I *love* it, but I'm sure it's completely different from the real food in China etc.
▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
First the leaning tower of Pisa and now this
We slovenians don't have ć and đ.
I actually expected they will be worse than they were actually
Лаврентије in Serbian, maybe similar to Macedonian?
I have a cat named Odin at my grandmas.
First the created oblasts centered around the main towns (MB and LJ in our case) and then banovinas centered around rivers (Drava in our case)
") because of gastarbeiter in the 19th century on the A-H railroad or from "ćuš" which was an incitement word for pack animals in Bosnia(?)
As long as there are thousends in Knin at Thompsons concert , i think Fascism is still prevelant in croatia.
They still managed to do the revolution.....
Currently I'm working with a kid named Cassper.
Although all the images online seem to try and hide it's uglyness
Not that it matters, we got used to it
Edit: idk if you get those extra 80€ if you live in a dorm as well or only if you rent a private room
When Samsung, HTC & Co
we might be small but we can be laud.
According to the internet, i have feeling that half of the world had their first day of snow today
It's a "grass is always greener on the other side of the fence" kind of thing.
Before I zoomed in, I thought it is a B&W photo
you should try if you didnt yet Venice, Amsterdam, Istanbul
jadralni zmaj - gliding dragon (hang glider)
Plus it's not like anyone gave a shit when dogs were brutally slaughtered and burned to death for the championship
And we would get a tank factory, yey :D
How do i die
> And who pays for it
It would actually be hilarious for Slovakia and Slovenia to start a joint tourism program where we'd confuse people into whether it's one or two countries and then have them visit both
You haven't travelled much then
I love Sango Sands in Scotland
most US presidents have said a lot of dumb shit about Europe, Trump isn't all that special in that regard
Nooo
Possessive adjective for Slovene is Slovensk- (slovensko primorje, slovenski pršut, Slovenske gorice...)
"In" means "and" in slovene
They will also put up a '[mlaj] - usually a tall spruce trunk, at their driveway, but sometimes other things, like [this] or [this] as well.
Cries in Slovenian
I just see police doing their job
If you have a degree on the topic of foregin relations It's usless now.
To feel more comfortable
But at the same time often you can't distinguish between a Russian and  a Frenchman
Religion is culture
Oh fuck, that looks pretty scary.
Happened several times a night every time I was out in California
> just something that counts as valid ID
Those were led by God all mighty, not austria.
8, I like to wear short shirts in the house, we switched heating from wood to air source heat pump
Jocks and cheerleaders
I don't want some cheap stuff
Samo, Valuk, Borut, Gorazd, Hotimir, Kajtimir, Valjhun, Vojnomir, Domislav, Pribislavka, Semika, Stojmir, Etgar, Ljudevit, Ratimir, Pribina, Kocelj, Braslav, Helmvin, Albgarij, Pabon, Karlman and Arnluf
Lard with cracklings is the only way to go.
* Bosnia and Hercegovina (split it up, it will be easier than this shit they have going on now)
It's ball shaped, made out of beef entrails and/or minced pork head meat and brain
How do I die
I know, all my backpacks in primary school were bought there.
Because its greek, and the greeks took our moneyz.
And what the hell is Slavic culture?
Someone had great fun comming up with that language.
no - well
It **is** a weakness for a politician.
May as well have a go though out of interest's sake.
Not at all
It suits them, there's no potato there either.
It helped me jumpstart a satisfying career.
It was about bringing it down by setting an example and causing a domino effect.
After the coal is burned in a furnace, the non-flammable isotopes are concentrated in the ash that is left
It's not that much about internet freedom, as it is who makes money from internet
I like this custom, sounds great to have so many names - but that's just me.
Nowhere did I state it was funny.
In Slovenia its Zither and Styrian accordion (we call it frajtonarca and its my fav instrument)
So he said "I don't want that, go away". And the Italian guy went absolutely bananas
Only rich idiots buy automatics.
Back in 900's when Hungarians just settled the Avarian "desert", "we" asked Bavarians to help us defend our lands.
' (not sure which is a closer translation), or there are some traditional not really curse words that are just funny, like 'pasja taca' (dog paw) or 'tristo medvedov' (three hundred bears)
Perhaps they only see it as ''less aggressive'' because Russia, a poorer country, prefers to resort to hybrid wars instead of regular war
Sovied armoured Moldovan brigade to be precise.
We had plenty of black students here during Yugoslavia and they were never viewed bad.
We also have a frescoe on the scale of the one in Pompeii but I don't think it's available to the public eye yet, it has been discovered quite recently
Huh I wonder why google street view cuts out just before that village and restarts after O_o
&#x200B;
People still go on holidays beside owning a 'weekend house'.
Goran Bregović is known in the UK
I would say people in MB are nice, sometimes overly nice and talkative, they're just very annoying with their complaining and ugly dialect
The economic and social issues having no effect still isn't explained either.
I do know that and I wanted to correct him but then I google it and [1] [2] and [3] left me in a bit of a doubt.
nLook up Tovarna Sladkorja Ormož.
but the real extreme right is GOD (gibanje za otroke in družine).
Slovenias should take note
Just joking or does this really happen
Not even if they marry in, and lean the language, adopt the culture and raise their children within?
It has such a beautiful [sound] way nicer than an accordion
I've never seen anyone make a distinction between Austrians and Germans, when using such phraseology, TBH
We don't have big cities and actually many people live in villages where you are not always enough visable for other vehicles
I'd reckon the stuff between Idrija,Vrhnika and Škofja Loka
Amongst the stars, shooting tsars
Celje is also a hub for **athletics**.
Russia and china will supply iran with anti aircraft missiles
> we wanted Europe to be able to stand on its own and feed its own people so we wouldn't have to anymore
They're basically what's left of pannonian Slovenes from before the Hungarians came, pair that with living under hungarian rule for centuries separate from the rest in Italy and Austria and you get a very distinct region
Since I still consider liberalism as a "normality" in a liberal democratic political system (that we supposedly still have), our media is just actually normal western media with many journalists doing a good or average job
We got Euro in 2007 so I still remember the times we used Tolar
I took a few puffs the other night after a long while, and all it did was reminding me why I stopped: wooziness, hunger and stupidity are definitely not what I consider fun.
If it wasn't sad it would be funny, because all of that already happened here in Slovenia.
It's irrelevant if you consider it shitty, it's what's most-played in many places
Italy in war is like a steak, the harder you pound it the bigger it gets
\*Nazis
Visit Lipica on The Happy Day of Culture
Oh yeah you're right, my bad
Where the UK has to follow every EU rule without any say in it
there are people standing less than 10m from each other
Iceland dealing with important issues I see
"Horvejša" - interesantno
I dislike Albanian, Turkish, Spanish, Romanian, Danish and Hungarian.
Already exists
I would stop
And now there's also this Trump associated news company expanding to Germany and France in order to promote eurosceptic parties there.
Even though language can be considered a part of the culture, it is one of the very few things that Central European slavic speaking countries share with Eastern Europe
Not something to write home about.
I'm deleting everything and reporting every harassment and threat to my family.
After it boils, I boil it once more coz I hate that foam on top, which I guess Turks and Bosnians find necessary.
Alcohol is almost or even just as bad as cigarettes, and I bet most of the people who said cigarettes should be illegal drink alcohol but wouldn't want it to be illegal
Ducks are common in the autumn
Yes
And Yugoslavia was a the collateral damage, as Soviets had debts to repay us, but couldn't any more, which meant that Dinar got devalued, which meant that IMF got involved, which lead to austerity measures that ended in total collapse
soo i enjoy it
That would be the Bled and Bohinj lakes (in my opinon), some spas and Prekmurje region
But culturally, they have much more in common with central europe, akin to other West Slavic nations
But I put them in the fridge when I get home
I don't know how extreme it is since I haven't been yet, but it sounds nice.
What we don't have is strip clubs and a custom of stuffing bills in their panties.
Yes i believe that’s right
If they wanted* to make a series or a movie, they'd need all of the citizens to participate.
When Trump was elected it started to look less of an aberration than actual representation of values of big segment of US voters
Davčna ne more izterjat, inšpekcija mu lahko napiše sam simbolično kazen, ne more se nič, zakoni so napisani v prid lopovom.
Only Myanmar, Liberia an USA are non metric and they are most transitioning, kind of.
And chemical engineering - probably more than pure chemistry and biochemistry
In diesem Hottentottenstottertrottelmutterbeutelrattenlattengitterwetterkotter
But it is true that it has not been even a year yet
apart from having way to many suicides and alcoholics
In Bosnia you just jump on a tram or a trolley and pray that a controller doesn't catch you
Yeah
If you want to stay in power then you need to do shady stuff to stay in power
Not politically correct, perhaps, but very effective.
1/4 of Slovenia is the Alps and 3/4 are hills, a small population..
I'm serious
Something about the painful results of global warming and how we've turned our backs on the environment
0.4% in Q2 and 0.8% now in Q3 which is definitely good news, I hope it will continue with this pace in fourth quarter.
Stupid because it shouldn’t even be a topic
What did the Pope do
How can Russia kill us Lithuanians if we **have already killed ourselves**
"Morning" would be the opposite of "evening", while "dopoldne" (pre-noon) would be the opposite of "afternoon".
Alpine Serbs is just a fun joke to me, it makes me smile if anything.
My personal excuse is 'trash truck blocked my way'. It works once a week
I suspect a lot of health, safety and workers protection regulations will change
It's a huge plus
You don't know that
I don't know if it wasn't a thing before or I just didn't notice it, but I think it's only been going on in recent years.
F1 fans joined the chat
In school, we learn of the dialect groups, what makes them unique and what the differences between and inside each group are
Other than edgy prepubescent teenagers and cunts behind the wheel, no one does it.
It was few years ago when Prevc was on the top, I'm not sure if it was even Prevc or someone else from Slovenian jumpers, but he was really looking for every situation to say drkanje
They have a whole system of political and cultural organization that is soley theirs (the self-governed italian communities that are joined in a general slovene coastal community)
Take a look at the Welsh or Danish numbers.
Yep
[Günther
UN peacekeepers newer cause anything but truble
You must not have traveled much
Not lazy, just really, really stubborn :)
Surely you meant where / whither in English (with their delightful brother whence).
Than look to buy an englosh SIM with a EU plan
Since when do you require to need to speak English in France to succeed
It doesn't mean the US are bad or evil
But still compared to other socialist nations, Yugoslavia wasn't that bad, or dare I say it, maybe it was even the best
It takes two to tango
And if you're interested in WW2, there's a monument to the partisans and the red army together with 2 field guns from the time
And as far as the situation in eastern Ukraine is concerned, the Russians are protecting their interests after the revolution backed by our so-called allies, protecting minorities and the like
His work is filled to the brim with cultural, historical, political references
Its a shity product and stupid ppl dont know it
However, two boats decided to continue through the spillway despite warnings and the fact that the construction site was off limits for unauthorized personnel
this ha so many views it really must be quite popular.
I mean even when you use it as a consonant it has something of a short 'ee' sound to it
History teacher, primary school: "Americans did nothing in WW2
You should consider countries of the Western Balcans region.
We also apparently kept the hard k, unlike how we turned "Kirche" into "cerkev".
Even if I write English myself I sometimes fall into a trap of wanting the words follow Slovenian rules for what comes before and after
perfect name for a turtle
Biden: wait is that the guy who congratulated Trump on his win
Except that that referendum wasn't about gay marriage but a lot of other things as well...
Google said that between 2009 and 2012 there was 16 reported deaths caused by animals or insects.
The Soviet army going out of their base to support the Transnistrian milita, turning the tide of that war.
And [these shoes] The trend of this shoes has been going on for years.
My ex boss was turkish and it was interesting how many words we picked up from you guys
He spews forth filth all over reddit.
I would think not
If you drive through a gipsy village you can see the houses mentioned previously and shipping containers, wooden shacks all in a couple of hundred meters.
So I would be happy if Portugal wins.
It's double standards otherwise.
We are thought about it in schools but you just learn somehow
I don't know whos cat it was but it came to our weekend house every friday when we arrived.
Oh man, it would be easier to ask which song was actually good
Was Czechoslovakia the ultimate cartoon producer?
We agree that it's good for Europe that the US did the stuff
Salwar Kameez, dishdasha, kurta, izar (I had to google this, so pardon if anything is wrong) in public is a no.
Depends where you live i guess.
First Military Survey (1763-1787) of the Habsburg Empire [map]
Your quote says that a schwa is necessary before any "r" that is not next to a vowel, but "r" in "hren" is next to vowel "e".
But anyway this was just the last straw.
They are good for calibrating enemies guidance system
They can get rooms in student dorms butthere is a waiting list and some paper work to do.
You're only going to the UK, not the whole Europe so it's pointless to be asking about the whole continent.
Slovenian is unintelligible to Slovenians
Viscountess Weymouth (future Marchioness of Bath) is half-Nigerian.
All he wanted was a united Eurooe.
Block and argue and you lose much more time
I took one look at this and just loled
Probably
We have sociology and philosophy as a subject in gymnasiums and some vocational high schools.
I think we're waay more balkan than turkey and greece though
He was a duke of Alpine Slavs
the mightiest of navies against each other.
I wonder
The voting base is also quite similar in demographics
The whole powerplant now operates with losses and relies on imported coal instead of reliying on the coal from the near Velenje coal mine
And all member countries had to agree on it.
I was embarassed as fuck
I just did a literal translation.
You get a glass of tap water with coffee in most places here.
This one will go to the annals.
That's not just a problem Luxembourg has.
My best guess is it is to honour the Republican fighters during the civil war.
So you guys from those countries are at blame not us.
"Slovenia is a democratic republic"
What was the rationale behind that
It's a thing in Slovenia
Read the link
In the morning she would wait in front of the door for me.
Does she have a bit of an underbite or it's just this pic?
Also, you're forgetting that the world would take sides
> keisarikunta
I guess it's the same as in Austria then
If you see a tank driving behind you with a cannon pointed at you, what do you do
Of course children also have to carry all that to school - not good for their backs at all
Perhaps to keep the priests away :p
That what happens when you have laws protecting consumers
This argument is the most stereotypical thing I've ever seen.
Finland looking good
My mom almost got strangled by a drunk parkeln (krampus) when she was a kid
The talk is about Slovene and Bosnian culture
The only actual recent dissolition in Europe in recent history was Czekoslovakia.
Even as little as 100 years ago both Styria and Carinthia were still more than 1/3 Slovene
From the archeological eras until the modern times
Malta: Fuck
And someone from anywhere in Slovenia has much more in common with someone from anywhere in Austria than with anyone from Russia
- Charles I. = Karel I.
While we try to teach kids some basic scouting skills, we're not very strict about it
> Zdravo, moj ime je Janez
Otherwise, I know a number of great fencers from Italy, and you have your own traditions
All i said is if they fell or were thrown on hard ground they aren't good as new
Helping politicians
Slovenia has a border with Serbia, but Croatia does not
Not really
>Which 3 sides
ha, good luck
They give out cards saying they're deaf or somethig similar, they demand a signature and then money.
Also Trbovlje, Hrastnik, Velenje and Nova Gorica
Is there no light in Latvia or are you people still using camera phones from 2005?
Do check southern and/or eastern Europe.
The food is too processed and tastes like plastic
In Slovenia it's very similar
Almost 600 years
One out of every ten buildings were destroyed
Do you guys also get annoyed by bad Australia jokes
they are still under some assumption that its an international language
But in Hungarian mixed areas all schools are bilingual which means language of instruction is both Slovenian and Hungarian
Wait aren't you in Argentina
I think there's been a misunderstanding
Could be
I see what Vitaly is doing in parliament
Trust me as Croatian man that I am not envious in any state or form of Slovenia as country or Slovenian man.
We have it too
in general Montenegries are 190+ usualy, and as you go south west in serbia (towards montenegro) people get taller.
And in Slovene "Pozor, policija varuje" is "Attention, police is protecting"  :D
You just use what you have and/or prefer
Wonder what bar would look like if we did this study on Reddit, 99% red
In standard Slovene there are no contractions, but dialects are another story.
Nah, it's just that you think way too highly about the general population.
I'm 100% sure that a ton of people will be voting "no" just to get rid of him, completely disregarding the actual issue that is at stake here.
People in Slovenia can have 2 first names, but it's not an actual middle name
My father is bosnian and my mother slovene
It redirects to google.si for me.
There are other kinds of hedgehog in Europe than a Western European one.
Villamo F
Sure european muslims are very secular the thing is Europe have lots of arabs,afghans,pakistanis and north africans...
Accent reffers to phonetics and phonology of speech (sounds, pronounciation,...), dialect is an entire system.
I was still asleep, but this woke me up
That does not make a name a Slavic one
edgy
AfD is primarily anti-Islam and anti-mass migration party.
"Quite warm
Bad idea, would accomplish nothing only harm trade between US and EU.
This, however, is anathema to us as a local community that depends on the port as the largest employer and actually a very profitable state owned company
He was running for parliament and I think he could have been a really good pm and he might have actually won
Well anyway, F
Any job that is d. o. o. , company with limited responsibility
Ask around how many languages in Europe use "England" as shorthand for the UK in colloquial speech
It was sort of the same here yesterday
Makes sense, Since the 🇬🇧 will nolonger b ea member 🇮🇪 will be the only member withocitial language English
Opica = monkey ...
We have nothing like that here.
To me, it seems like Vucic is trying to stir shit up here.
Not resident beer distributor
They openly encouraged free speech in 1956
I, for one, haven't been to Prague, did visit Sedlec for the ossuary
The difference is though, that unlike Croatia, Slovenia was basically almost entirely destroyed by Austria
You have been shitting on Slovenian minority for years.
the real competition is who will build a bigger ramp for the ski jumps
Nobody stole Prekmurje any more than any other region was stolen :P Also, Murska Republika bitches, older than Slovenia
35 is fünf nach halb 8
Here is how the center does it.
I always used to say she was Aretha Franklin of Gypsy music: prototypical and unique at the same time, and she put so much soul in her music gou couldn't help but feel it.
Yea, sorry, in that aspect I agree with you.
Missing Petovio and Celeia in Slovenia
For people who couldn't afford a Yugo.
Da da, the almighy Google has it all right.
Currently there are around 21 million muslims living in EU.
> another referendum
Yea it's called povitica there because potica used to be called povitica here and still is in some villages.
After all, England STILL rules those three "countries" in a large proportion, while Russia has indirect influence at best on "Eastern Europe".
There used to be a school subject called "zemljopis ",a direct calc of the word "geography ".
Avstro-Ogrska (Ogrska reffering to another name for hungarians- Ogri, coming from tribe of Avari that settled Hunagry)
Besides the most well known of Gorica/Nova Gorica, we also have Radgona (Bad Radkersburg)/Gornja Radgona and Libeliče/Libeliče (Leifling)
I seem to remember plenty of stories about a quite brutal Hungarization in what's today Slovenian Prekmurje, so it's ironic that you'd consider yourself a colony
Imagine the native americans, who have been waring for milenia, forming a homogoneus state.
And when you say "inferred type", do you mean "dynamically typed" or "statically typed with type inference"?
Were those people in Mexico not ilegal imigrants?
Myself I have seen and heard wild boars while out on runs or walks many times
If I may make a recommendation, take one day for Ljubljana, one day for the trip to the Soča Valley (go rafting if it's late spring/early summer), and one day for the trip to Piran, stopping at and visiting the Škocjan Caves and the Predjama Castle
I think that both of my hosts (man and woman) kissed me and they met me first time.
It is always either English or their own language (mostly in Italian) because the part of the country that I grow up for some reason the Italian tourists always expect we know Italian, the same goes for people that come from Serbo-Croatian speaking countries they expect we know their language already
Its not like when I was traveling trough Poland: 5 hours of train and everything was totally flat
This law doesn't change much in terms or gay rights.
I'd say around 90% of people over 35 have shooting experience and around 15%-20% of those under.
The colder is it outside, the better.
Oh, I thought you guys only drink coffee...
And the other two options in south slavic are sega(bulgaria and macedonia) and zdaj (slovenia)
Those that grew up poor enough that they had to pirate games/software
About the pants, try none, only sandals with socks.
You can tell we are related by strength of our voices, and I married a fitting guy for us
And if the victims were armed, such lowly cretins wouldn't assault them.
That has never stopped anyone
Nothing will change unless a clear hierarchy is established and more power is given to the EU parliament.
In my family it was only when we had family gatherings because there was no place for all of us to sit at one table
It's us who try to speak Croatian.
But ghettoized immigrants bring lots of problems with them.
The curent Hapsburg, the crown prince of all the shit.
edit: mixed up east and west - it's late -_-
Or maybe somewhere around Rogatec because their dialect contains a lot of Croatian words.
The more I learn about Finland, the weirder it gets
Luckily those plans changed after Slovenia became independent, deciding to do a tunnel under the hill called Markovec
Basically Dutch want everything to be in their vicinity.
> Strangely, it also seems like a sizeable chunk of the far-left supported the directive in it's current state
Now that the industry is gone the nature is coming back in a big way and soon we'll be one naturally sexy region.
massive flag pole stuck in your tiny garden
We have a border dispute with Croatia, but that does not represent a threat
I read about that and found it hilarious
Želim rezati kruh
It covers it quite clearly: none of the alternatives have been able to match russian gas prices.
By checking if there was a FB group demanding independence?
You cant pour a 5l keg netely into pint jars.
That song was good
I never actually said anything about their economy as a whole, though I still imagine it isn't doing so good either way, I was referring to the actual people that run the country, the people that own the state sponsored businesses, the oligarchs in other words, everyone is struggling for power, and it's quite obvious things are not going well in Putin's inner circle, though we of course can't know the intricacies of the whole situation.
Thank you for the explanation
I also have a friend of Ukrainian and Georgian origins and she makes me think about these places a lot
I don't know how to call it, but I want one now.
We're also like a small scale Europe in that we have a bit of Alps, a bit of pannonian plain, Karst and Adriatic sea.
Even the eastern parts of South Tyrol were part of it
How many police does your country have per 100 000 people?
It was caused by croatian paramilitaries brutaly atacking serbian ethnicety civilians in Vukovar atempting to run them of or kill them all if that was not possible.
You will have to be satisfied with what you got.
I know you guys basically first experimented with democracy, but let's not forget how that experiment ended
They'll never be able to get rid of all of them which just hinders development of tourism.
Balkan as a cultural/political term has only been alive for a few decades.
Maribor also happens to be the name of the second largest city of Slovenia.
T-55 has max speed of 51km/h. Unless she was going snail mode there's no way it was following her let alone aim at her
I doubt there is any other country, that would have Slovene for its subject
In the Slovenian windows 7, if you went deep enough in the control panel, it was all English.
EU members would never let a EU member be anexed by a foreighn power
Serbs tried to ethnically cleanse Albanians in Kosovo,
***Pešec ščije čez cestišče*** A pedestrian is pissing over the road, it's a mouth full even for us
No, but she is the head of the Church of England.
Idk about uni level but looking at the list of professors and lectors, 3/10 are native English speakers.
Has a speech impediment (not his fault) and always speaks with a peasant-like accent (his fault) and everything he says makes me cringe.
I'm from Slovenia (actually near the border) and Zagreb is a 100 km drive from here
I raise you [the tallest stone arch bridge in the world] - the Solkan Bridge.
I mean the percentage of vegan/vegetarian people is still a loooooot lower than meat eaters, my situation with vegan neighbours is obviously uncommon, but I think vegans/vegetarians aren't a rare thing here.
Etc
Also we had nothing to do with the slavifications of dalmatian italians, so when it comes to slovenian italian relations its pretty one sided to be fair.
But thats unrelated shit stiring
You'll post pics and alert as many people as you can.
This act of unmitigated aggression by Russian wildlife should not be tolerated.
But that still doesn't make it allpowerful
The only outlier is the grandmother, and my mom has to shush us all to let her speak
There were 9 adopted kids last year, 15 adopted by one of their parents partner and 11 adopted from abroad.
Belgium was a mistake
Yes, it's a bunch of unfunny memes posted by a statistically insignificant and non-representative sample of our population
Edit: to make it even clearer: DO NOT GO TO ANY DOCTOR WITHOUT CALLING FIRST
Yeah afaik languages and dialects still have no support in France or at least aren't nearly as supported as in other countries in Europe
Peaceful af, especially outside of the tourist season.
Hello
It's good
and even though it's not legally binding they are
Nice, I'm from just outside Ljubljana
Poleg tega, da sn izkušen v golorokem boji mam tuji dostop do celega arsenala slovenske vojske in ga bom tuji uporabo dokler te nea odfuka s totega kontinenta, auha frdamana
In western slovenia we have: "Italijani napadajo/prihajajo
I love that we have dual
Have you no sense of nationalism?
Pigeons really fell out of favour
Not our Janša. Listening to him is worse than listening to that mouth smacking ASMR, yet his following is significant
> Not sure if joking or serious:
It's certainly the case in Slovenia.
At least once more, Mr
Slovenia is so small that you can't even fit a portrait on it.
The photos were all over the internet
When the leader is overthrown/changed the new leader still needs to pay the same people for loyalty, make business with immoral organizations to stay in power etc
We're off to Netherlands
I love the language itself, literature and music.
I always found it odd that the lats was actually worth *more* than the euro.
In the same vein, never call anyone *not* from Russia, Ukraine, or Belarus Eastern European
A couple of days ago I heard some horrible swearing outside my window, went on the balcony to check it out and saw a grandma having a friendly swearfest at her grandson, absolutely no malice in it though.
Coupled with him is gonna be AMAAAAzing
Jealousy is a thing everywhere, not just here.
Looks like Eastern Poland still needs some more investment.
(I'm only commenting for Slovenian presence here)
200-5
It was a very known rich Roman city with then famous Temple of Mars.
Very interesting if you can understand that :).
> a kind of mini federalization within a federal state
Sonce in luna
I was once looking trough tv guide and saw it on tv schedule on one popular Slovene station during the day hours so I was quite sure it wasn't porn but typographical error
Plenty of people pose like they don't give a fuck, but he, [he actually never gave a fuck about anything] And to top it all off, he was a terriffic songwriter.
There's deer infront of our house almost every morning.
My friends uncle let us stay for free at his vacation apartment for two weeks and refused to accept any sort of payment, not to mention two liter bottle of homemade rakija that was waiting for us in the refrigerator.
That included the right to elect their own leaders, right to build walls, right to have guilds and to hold fairs and so on.
Edit: word
That explains why I like apfelstrudels so much, there is still some Franz left in us from the good old Austria-Hungary days.
Italy
Somehow always seems poetic in a very strange way and just sounds beautiful
We have it at home and turn it on when it's 30+ outside.
For instance my friend was thrown out of a store in croatia because she used the serbian word for bread (unintentionally)
Are elderly people in your country generally more conservative?
It's really good on toasted rye bread with a bit of garlic rubbed on.
Not sure if he's still as popular as when I was a kid, but the Good soldier Svejk was extremely popular here, in the 90's you could see it in almost every household.
Funnily enough, trend in dog names are human names.
Do Independent higher institutiouns count?
Well, it is a stereotype that Scottish are stingy.
You seem to have some personal problems you need to address.
Often it's kids who do that (kill puppies, even cut of parts of dogs)
Not a movement but a real thing
We call it *črkarija* which is hard to translate directly, but would mean something like "the letter game". It's great for kids so they can learn about countries, cities etc
That makes 3 of the Five Eyes countries.
Because if any law anywhere in the world differs from the French laws, that country is literally Saudi Arabia.
let the devil spank you with his zhitern!
[We can and we will
i thought the guy was autistic
I forgot all about so many of these.
If they're lucky they finished elementary school.
Kvazi politik
Farms are especially bad and people in many rural areas still rather kill each litter of cats instead of takimg care of the mom
And then someone from the west starts talking about a continuous future past
I would say we also consider our poets and writers as heroes
They should really consider replacing those steel cables with [Rubber Curtain]
It's definitely not Polish, if that helps any.
Its divison , identity politics, gangs, city riots, rascism...
Oh yes, they love Avseniks, especially Bavarians
In that case you just take some fruit or
But not gonna happen, for us is enough if you can afford 2 week vacation on croatian coast and 1 week of skiing in italy/france while living in 50m^2 apartment in commie block and this is considered beeing successful.
Also, 20% are aged 65+ in the EU
[Non-edited version.] Faces of the two women in the background say it all.
That any proof they could realistically provide wouldn't be verifiable by mere mortals like us.
Otherwise the biggest issue I see with Qatar 2022 is that it is going to be held in winter, which will likely cause problems to both footballers and broadcasters
r/Europe banned me for dissenting opinion.
This is pretty impressive, true
Fuck the 🇬🇧 noone on the continent likes them
Lmao
But these dialects are to my knowledge lost, since the Germans either don't use German any more or, more extensively, moved and were moved to Austria
Očitno ti živiš v eni popolnoma drugi državi al pa imaš zelo izkrivljen pogled na svoje sonarodnjake
Only a few regions are windy enough for wind turbines to be efficient, and even then this is such a small contribution that wouldn't really help much
Don't forget how much it can help you if you ever want to sleep on the marble beaches of Santraginus V
In university, most had a doctorate, though.
The menu said 'špinača' which is 'spinach', maybe it's blitva (chard)
Having family from Belgrade Serbia and Sarajevo and Tuzla in Bosnia, reading threads like this is really hard
Estonians used to be nazis, than the russians came and won the war saving europe from naziism
No I don't
Bosnians love making fun of themselves ...
female
Do they convert pounds to pounds when buying stuff?
If I survived giving birth
His point was that the process used in the "Marshall Plan" could be modeled after the EU accession process, not that african countries would eventually join the EU.
What about Israeli, with that chocking sound?
Taxes which are more than repaid by being the biggest per capita contributor on the continent
The Slovene Littoral (Primorska) has a lot of Italian influences since it was settled by many Italians and was part of the state of Venice and occupied by Italy after the first World War.
While asking Europeans
And we have this motor skills measuring programe for decades
Slovenian
While I agree that dangers of Nuclear are way overblown in public perception, I don't think that is really any consolation
I've only met only two people in my life who had a feud with their neighbour, I've never understood that stereotype
Kdor ni skrit, naj se gre solit - He who is not hidden, should go salt himself
Yes, but not under the curent system.
Those two (and some other areas) formed Yugoslavia
Maybe we're seeing start to another civil war in Europe
Edit: This is just Slovenian banter, as a tourist you should defnitely visit Maribor on a day trip, it has a cute, quaint baroque center and nice surroundings
I'm more of a sun person
658 - 745
It is getting boring
Also depends on countries in question
Around 1 hour drive from where I live.
You mean single males living and "studying" in our mothers basements?
We're too busy hating each other and mocking the brits
is brevety an animal trait or do they act on reflex
Yes , christian means he is a good guy.
Our word for 'thank you' (hvala) rhymes with 'rolling' (val'a), so if, god forbid, we forget to say thanks, our mums might retort with "What is under the table rolling
We have 7 big dialect groups, all with distinct accents, that can differ not only between dialect groups but sometimes also between neighbouring towns
I used to live next to club with playing field
v -> into/in
"Pikčasta ptička v pikčasti kletki
I luckily live on the Austrian border so I had access to many shows like Spongebob that others didn't have.
Should be that we are part of the Balkans or eastern Europe for Slovenia
Normally, as far as I have learned it, the assasination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria is seen as the starting
Everyone knows America is controlled by Jews.
They take of heir shoos after beinga asked not to.
I know a Slovenian Lars
In case anyone's interested in NG prices over time:
I know that Styrian Austrians use words like klutsch (kljuc/key) and le (only) but lets not forget who was who's subject
The gun caused serious wounds, the bullet had enough velocity to tear through body but not enough to break bones
But I'm sure that supermarkets would sell spoiled food to the consumer if they weren't in place
Where would you place the 5 stars if not on the left?
Nisem vedel, da je to danski model.
I feel like I spent half the childhood in the Technical museum in Bistra
We're too busy hating each other and mocking the brits
Never have I felt unsafe walking alone even when walking through some “dodgy” streets
Some people on Reddit have said that they carry concealed even in places like shops or restaurants declared as "gun-free". Could you do so with a reasonable level of impunity since police can't search you without probable cause
The "Izbrisani" thing really was a shitty thing to do.
Obligatory "Trst je naš"(Trieste is ours) and "Hrvat je tat"(A Croat is a thief) memes
The missing ones are: Ad Malum/Ad Pirum, Aegida - Capris, Atrans, **Carnium**, Colatio, Castrum ad Fluvium Frigidum, **Celeia**, Longaticum, Metulum, **Nauportus**, Neviodunum, **Peotovio**, Praetorium Latobicorum, Pyrrhanum, Romula
Therefore many learn German, Italian, French, some schools have Spanish and Russian too
Of course not, but saying it is the duty of a citizen to hate something ...
I helped renovate 2 flats now and I vaguely hated it, also now I have to live with what we did
It looks like it will suck to your mouth like octopus.
Well I only saw "protesters" get carried away appropriately and yet there seems to be an uproar.
If any, Slovene was mostly influenced by German, however, many germanisms have been removed from the standard language due to the efforts of several linguists in the 19th century with the aim of “purifying” the language
FTFY
Pa niti ni to tako velik strošek, ampak bi pomenil veliko spremembo na pozitivno.
-Cultural Eastern Europe is mostly similar to political EE, it being Slavic countries
Then we saw other people go directly to the counter
It's something that a farmer and/or logger would wear.
In several different countries
And for aome reason we put sour crouts and wurst in it.
There is a town in Croatia called Pofuki
Of course I wait for the green light.
It's a cool 20-25°C here
Everyone speaks Slovene, most speak Serbian/Croatian and English and then you have people living near the borders speaking German (widespread also past the borders with Austria), Italian or Hungarian.
I still can't belive they found so many expressions in Slovenian that involve hair/mustache
Croatia -> Hrvaška (again, don't know the translation, but it most likely has something to do with history)
in the context of going from Yugoslavia he definitely is.
To je vse, kar želim storiti
I feel like I can talk only for "my" group
It a broad term for alcohol beverages from different fruits
in defiance of both god and nature
no idea what you tried to write there
So was the USSR, backing socialist regimes in Cuba, Korea, Vietnam...
Like my grandma, who says something "How far have we fallen, that things were better under rotten communism, than now".
One took hold of one of my friends, we pushed him off and left because we were accompanied by girls.
It's good for tax reasons
I sincerely recommend anyone who finds themselves near Pekarna in Maribor Mon-Fri between 17-19; Wed 9-13 or 17-19; Sat 9-13 to visit Bukvarna Ciproš. It is completely worth it
Clearly the mods have an anti-bovine agenda.
Why doesnt the police join the protestors
It seems that offering a more left option is like offering a hamburger to a vegetarian.
So conservative media paints everyone not a conservative religious asshole as 'liberal'. Even though republicans are also liberals in the normal meaning of the word
The war would have been so much cleener if only Milošević and Tuđman could agree how to split Bosnia.
Afaik they even experienced hunger before they got anschluss'd.
[I Saw Her That Night] by Drago Jančar.
Or, considering it's now Germany vs France, Spain, Italy, and Poland, when it comes to major EU states, how about y'all just band together and force the ECB to devalue the EUR to the level that works for the average EU state
I don't know if I'm blind or what, but they look like sheep to me.
Maybe then the US could get it right
I always rooted for "Czechland"
I think it was pretty clear what I said.
We can still get some stuff, but the selection is much poorer now.
This week it was actually pretty chill
The tricolor comes from the coat of arms of [Duchy of Carniola]#/media/File:Carniola_Arms.svg), Triglav was for a long time a symbol of Slovenes (used in poetry in 1800s, popularized by [Jakob Aljaž] On a shield it was first depicted on a church statue by architect Jože Plečnik ([image - middle shield] in the time between the world wars (the border between Italy and Kingdom of Yugoslavia cut the mountain in half).
"L" at the end of the word is often pronounced as [u]
actually their fertility rate is getting higher and they have more crude births every year.
Well, IDK
And people running
Kosovo is an integral part of Serbia.
Actually Graz or Gradec as it’s known in Slovene means “small castle”.
* informal 'ti'
If you want to spend some more time here there are other places I could recommend.
"Дед морозов" and variations come on the new years night not xmas.
Paddington it is then
Same
Every migrant sheltered, fed and supported leaves that much less in budget and resources for the actually needy.
FTFY
Moral and ethical principles of world religions
But your parents receive child benefits until you're in school and majority goes home every weekend
And they're still ignoring everything?
I doubt more Slovenes live outside of EU than in EU.
In both cases we democratically decided what to do with someone else's life against his will.
But also the holocaust began just as a bunch of stupid prejudices, that someone started to exploit for political gain
Slovenia like rest of Europe uses Ground floor
Any economic metric on the place?
You also forgot Krško with our only nuclear power plant, Gen I and others
Sometimes we'd squish rubber/eraser in tic tac container, poor water over it and expect something to happen.
There is no way in hell slovenians would do this
My classmate was like "???", while I was laughing my ass off
I work with kids a lot and some names trully make you gasp.
As you said I wouldn't be suprised if wars poped up and if this thread is to be believed many things are going to shit now
Ustashe - Army of Independent state of Croatia, Nazi puppet state
Yes, we had a few days over 40 in the previous years.
Both, interchangeably or as a synonym to emphasize which vaccine you're talking about
We get rats and mice in the garage every autumn and winter that end up in traps.
Alas, these are not the things that I shall receive, or indeed things that are possible
Vodka
This was the most disgusting place I have ever seen
No, it proves that propaganda is what means the world
It's still a topic of great debate and controversy
I still remember my first shit while standing up in france.
I don't think your r's are any different than ours?
Sie war ziemlich trottelig und stotterte auch ein wenig
Better than all the neighbors in all categories even.
Sweet, rich, with a bit of everything
My parents taught me the basics of English in kindergarten and I will do the same with my children, since I believe that brought me a huge advantage in primary school.
Eh, I feel that that one is true, but it's mostly because it's americans that are popularizing it, because they have a huge history of Italian migration, and because of their status as a cultural hegemon
I bought one just like it in either Lidl or Hofer.
Its not like Turks can migrate to Eu so easily, but many have used this refugee crisis to do it.
hruške
Otherwise I feel the Maghreb countries very unfamilliar, especially Algeria,  which has a huge population and covers a large part of the area, but I have never met anyone from there or anyone who visited it
They live in the swamp where is always foggy
She says people are obsessed with it and she gets a lot of money
You can expect a thunderstorm with lightning any day.
You are not completely wrong, but you are exaggerating.
It would be perfectly reasonable to call all cities in Slovenia except for Ljubljana towns
The humiliation since 1991 has gone overboard, and indeed it's not good diplomacy to humiliate your opponent.
Its the most selfless country in the world.
CH and Norway aren't. I don't know enough about the exact deal Greenland has
North of Kranj, far enough to not be affected with the kamen-papir-škarje plague
Oh, I thought you meant Slovenes in Austria
How are the thinks in Tetovo, looking trough census in 2002 Macedonians were already minority there
There has been an increase of armed crime in the last 10-20 years, but shootings (police or other) are still exceedingly rare.
He is more famous as that guy from Transylvania
While obviously an early quarantine is necessary, they took advantage if that for their personal gain and to wage war with the press
We were in montenegro going to serbia on a roadtrip and an idea came up let’s go to kosovo while we’re down here
Most people don't care but because of the wars some people do
Tourism is good, but our coast, while O.K.-ish is not the best part
But we had our own domestic cars that were cheaper and about as (un)reliable
The ban would probably mean MENA immigration would be curbed.
But it is making slow progress because many teachers are replacing their foreign words with official Slovene words
The only place I saw a few people swimming in was in St
But it was probably a lonely incident.
Or pointing out that Mozart was actually German
I'm always on a lookout when walking my dog in the woods.
Our language does not differentiate between "town" and "city".
> sprostý
suicide: 13
It does get cold as well, I remember when we had less than -20°C but that's rare.
But I do not allow a woman to teach or exercise authority over a man, but to remain quiet.
My god yes, and not just by elders or family, my peers who are already settled are strangely even more annoying, as soon as a topic turns to marriage, kids, house/apartment or owning land they will always single us, the unmarried or single, childless girls, out
I do the same, but I make it a bit more interesting for me by telling myself that I'm playing "god" and affecting their evolution with this
Sure there are border disputes between the countries and other issues, however I wouldnt pick Croatia as my choice.
What Romance influence
And even that very short statement is now being undermined by our current extreme far right PM
nobody uses it, or if someone does, meaning you call them and it goes to voicemail, I usually curse and hang up because it's stupid.
Belarus needs to be expelled from this sub then.
Serbia any many other countries have been doing it for decades, nay generations.
[This] is not a ducumentary, but it's all you need to know about Slovene's.
Ritoznoj (ass sweat) I think is the funniest, and their wine is called Ritoznojcan
It left a poor first impression, which quickly crumbled after I saw Sarajevo
Short beards are quite common but long beards like I have (cca 50cm) are rare
You can see them clearly at the bottom in the [picture that's on Wikipedia]
Thank you
I'm too cheap to buy one so I suffer in silence instead :D
A friend of mine who works for social services is at wit's end dealing with them.
Je pa zamujena šansa da bi jih pobarval kot hruške
Maybe
Of course, the numbers cannot be really compared.
But is there actually anything to do there?
Are you working in the Notre Dame
This
I'm not aware of others of the same fame.
We do, but they're strange, therefore no one uses them.
Slovene doesn't really have swear words
Ok but i still stressed that I don't care where they are from it's the way they act toward everyone in their community
I still don't see how that's hate speech.
pes laja (a dog is barking)
When I saw the Norway flair I didn’t even bother to read the comment
Crazy
This reminds me of [Laibach take on the Russian anthem] especially from the 1:40.
Sure there are things that can not compare to it but still you have to give credit to the rest of the country
>second best Slavic country after Czechia
net where many hiking trails are described and you can see photos from the trail from start to finish with parking included
CENTRAL
Here are mostly Serbians/Bosnians in their BMWs with open windows and loud turbo folk music
That is probably actually the reason for most of the anti-German sentiment in Slovenia
Opening ceremony of 57th Kurentovanje, Ptuj, Slovenia
since we all know nazis made death camps it just seems like its pointless to talk about if someone would mistake polish to mean operated by poland, they are either ignorant or dumb
Yep
44% of european Muslims are fundamentalist.
*Let's offend a country that we didn't even know that exists* lmao
I don't really remember her, who was she?
They already purchased the land, but I'm not sure the actual construction has already started.
One of the thing, I've found, that sometimes makes these people pause is to look at illegal migrants this way.
It is however extremely different from standard Slovene and basically unintelligible
There is also some truth to that because of how alcohol gets digested/transformed inside the liver
Sem prebral jezero Janša
Smidi plays & tristano
I've never met any Croatian tourists.
that's all that i can think of
If I remember correctly, our history teacher showed us a video where a children's cartoon was interrupted with news of Tito's death in May 1980
I mean sure, there are some words that are same, but ...
Yeah i thought it was "6 foot pole" not 10.
Little city states of what was essentially the same people from our modern point of view fought over trivial differences, throughout history, and it was because the leader of one managed to convince his followers that they're better than the other, which made them want to conquer the inferiors
It's basically the same thing
No, I'm talking about Cerknica lake
While you could leave books at school most people didn't since you usually needed them for homework or studying
On average, English is still better, but I was in for a couple of pleasant surprises lately
No, it's called "partnerska zveza".
You also forgot Krško with our only nuclear power plant, Gen I and others
They don't want us to have direct access to international seas because Koper is the biggest and most important port in the region and Rijeka is trailing behind.
The US debt-to-GDP ratio is 106%. For the EU, that's 80%. We'll see about the Eurozone
No idea about Maribor, it's a failed town
that's all that i can think of
San Marino because it's literally the oldest country (republic) in the world.
\>42 wouldn't ride a motorcycle
So while I think the blind faith of my compatriot is seriously misplaced, I believe we still need some work done.
Micro states left Europe
The smartest decision our politicians ever made was not to listen to shock therapists and to adopt a gradualist approach.
There's [this radio series] on 'how to become a Slovene' you can listen to on YouTube.
- > Kod si
It's a great historic injustice.
Although there would almost certainly be an equitable division of UK assets, it would NEVER be done simply along the lines of their current geographic location
You are arguing semantics on one case .
It seems to me that the generations born in the 70s and 80s were the peak of the bell curve and now we're going back towards computer illiteracy
This table is not quite accurate (at least for Slovenia).
wikipedia says there is no conclusive evidence but offers these explainations:
For example Italian revisionism and "we were victims
I chuckled a bit when we visited friends and their younger daughter, still in kindergarten, started happily chatting with me and my wife in their dialect
I guess German schools really do prep you for every scenario
Well, duh
Probably [Na Golici] It doesn't have lyrics though
it's a sort of joking proverb(rek?) in Koroška.
-_-
11 - **ena**jst
if just someone could condirm it
Same thing
I would bet that in Spain you could
Random teacher, primary school: "An aqueduct was a Roman viaduct that spanned a river
The situation (apart from economy) is getting better all the time.
It's been like this for decades.
In my school some teachers would send you out of a classroom if they saw you wearing shoes.
Have you at all reat what I wrote?
Probably somewhere in the forest-covered south of the country
The user you replied to is Serbian so "who likes guns" sounded like you were trying to imply it wasn't widespread
Could be the 2nd of January for Slovenia
Also like that 6
Plot twist: they don't.
This is obviously because Germans intentionally infected the ticks to weaken the partisan resistance during WWII
000 cases of sexual exploitation
Why would language matter in this case
You can hear almost every year how a bear was sighted near Ljubljana
Dealing with latest COVID-19 crisis also brought him some positive points but not enough to not remain the most hated
tbh i dont really cook i just like to eat, so i can't tell you all the possible ways it can be done :D
For others, things get complicated.
Later texts, from Primož Trubar in 16th century and later are more or less understandable once you get past the spelling and font
We didn't study them systematically though
If you don't mind, I'd like to read your version of the text
> Because let's be honest here for a moment - it's not a different country, it's just a trick we play on Hungary and Austria
Said the Hungarian to the Slovenian
Everybody knew, what is going to happen, if Nokia won't adopt Android
They are so fueled by hate that no one had an answer
Once you know one vegan and he/she introduces you to their circle of friends, you suddenly know a lot of vegans.
If you don't speak our language, then you have no business getting citizenshipn
below zero - winter coat
Kids in first grade also get [reflective thing ] that you put around your neck so they are more visible on the street
Slovenian hills - Slovenske gorice,  Windische Bühel in Austria, is the region in north east of Slovenia (Styria)
You could cram it all in one or two lessons
[Wikipedia has lots of info.] You might want to check it and plan your journey accordingly :)
Hvala
I frequently see Europeans on Reddit talk about how Americans are terrible people and that their country should cut off relations with the US.
You are invalidating my Slavic experience.
This feel like swimming with tied legs
When asked how he will communicate with Poland after this, he replied: "With Poland I will communicate in Polish."
I didn't like Blue Is the Warmest Colour.
- I could go into detail, as it wasn't just the oil crisis, it was a huge number of events that broken Soviet Union: war in Afghanistan, Chernobyl accident, etc
What was he doing in Baghdad anyway
Trieste has basically never been part of Venice, save for when it was briefly occupied for a few years
They have their own local TV and radio station in italian
War
So you don't have that 12h to 14h pause I've been told you do (and later told it's kind of dying, ie.
I don't see a Samsung logo on it.
Nastola F
That what happens when you have laws protecting consumers
And everytime I see them they kiss me.
You mean resistance group A who killed resistance group B to steal their weapons to stockpile for after the WW2 to kill resistance group C?
Forgive me
Why would I need a gun when the number of murders per year in my country is around 10 - 15 and since it's almost impossible to get a hold of a gun here, guess what, most of those murders aren't gun-related.
I know a few that attend church, but I think they do it to socialize more than anything.
Blood sausage
Oh boy
Just that it's all under same University and faculty here.
Outgoing Moldovan President Repeats Call For Withdrawal Of Russian Troops
Gospodinjstvo it is called
They are roadside shrines from the time when roads were populated by foot traffic and horse drawn carts I think.
Why are you bringing integration of migrants into this
You congradulate the family as well
That they (Finns) really like their personal space.I have this stereotype about them from the picture of them waiting for the bus with about a meter distance between each other.
How about we start with actually showing solidarity with our compatriots in Romania, instead of being divisive?
Identification of the victims started only in independent slovenia
Eh who cares, as long as I have pasta
the article was published on American purpose
But invented the crutial letters.
It is less similar in Slovenian - Slovenia is "Slovenija", while Slovakia is "Slovaška". Only first four letters/sounds are the same, the rest is completely different
Let me elaborate
I'm from Slovenia and I will chose Norway to :)
>Leberkas
How on earth did you come up with that?
> Hello, mine name is John
tell him to go back to bosnia and stop stealing jobs   /s
We had some scandals, but they were contained inside the country
[This one] is the only one I could find.
Unfortunately this happens
How drunk are the people in this video?
That's for the Pošta; our main postal provider
I'm pretty sure that's already planned
Conjugations/[declensions] dual, grammatical aspect.
Unlikely to happen, but of course I'd wait.
Idk man, a lot of other EU countries can actually speak english at a very decent level across all ages
I'm talking about the things I saw myself and the visceral, jarring effect it had on me.
But you [can] travel with ID to Croatia
But I agree it's not a big deal.
I can't even why they decided against them
They are a bit better, definitely not the best.
Slovenia, Croatia and Serbia
Not an insult, but definitely derogatory on an international level
you have to update you concepts.
Guess I'm Dutch
And then sometimes there's some terrible games and even more terrible skits and some more music and few people dancing and the rest sitting around and talking
Probably because of kebab
As long as I can remember a new AAA game always costs the same in here and on America.
I'm pretty sure Croatia is the only neighbour we have that is even vaguely aware of our existence.
I think US candy cane are actually mint, those we get here are sweet.
"afna" - which translated means a monkey or it can be used for a person who seeks attention
That is because Italy occupies the surrender joke position in Slovenia
Oficially the minority counts about 1000 people in an area of 50
I won't speak for them but my guess is that they wouldn't consider a 50:50 Dane+Pole Danish either
A viable alternative IMO would be relocation of the wolves.
There was the "accidental" shooting of a small scale criminal in 1999 when he reached for his telephone.
I don't know how Americans look at Somalia but I presume a place like Detroit or Chicago is still a lot safer than Somalia.
In fact, I can tell you from observation that the political discourse in Slovenia has grown a lot less xenophobic and anti-Croatian than it was back when I moved to Slovenia, 14 years ago.
Many Germans who lived in the slovenian part of Styria emigrated to either Austria or Germany between world wars, were forcefully moved, killed, or they slovenianised (I'm not even sure this word exists)
She was quite horrified since she was expecting an all-girl dorm
The Worst Countries For Drinking During Pregnancy
I know one turkish-german dude and when he is in germany he feels like turk but when he gets back to turkey he feels the biggest german ever.
I 100% absolutely don't get it
No they're not
An acquittal does not mean innocence
Idk, I think every pizzeria has their own toppings for pizzas that aren't standard.
I remember looking at the tv (not sure which channel, some satellite news channel) and feeling pretty shocked, it seemed unreal, the tragedy of it didn't really hit for a few days.
900€ per month
Who do you think is the most attractive European head of state or government of the gender(s) to which **you're attracted**?
lemme blow some minds with these little known facts:
Also to me it seems that both sides are just different parts of huge industries trying to get better deal for their side
▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒█▒▒█▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒
Morski prašiček - little sea pig (Guinea pig)
Maybe they used it in literature 100 years ago
This decision then followed us for the next 1000 years, when we finally became "independent" from the German rule in 1918.
A rule of thumb is that more recently discovered elements are more likely to make sense, while older don't.
Serbia and Kazakstan have traditional ties going back centuries :D
Saldy in US 'liberal' means the opposite
v - in
We kinda feel the same for BiH
Making excuses for unlikely scenarios doesnt lend any credibility to OP's story
Christians
In fact, I don't even know what the point of it is.
* Higher [iHDI] than many of the old empires - check
It is ileagal, but getting caught with small amounts will only get you a court sanctioned slap on the wrist.
Nope, you almost always exit the bus through the doors at the back of it so you’d have to yell for him to hear anything, on the rare times you exit through the door next to him the most you’d say is bye
I've created a series of maps that shows the various versions of what is/could be/should be considered "Eastern Europe" and why it doesn't make sense, so if you're curious, feel free to check them out [here]
Bolting out of restaurants/cafés after 2 hours max
Or use less ingredients: less active enzymes in washing powder, etc.
It means (your) mother (is a) whore.
They survive on their wits, skill with guns, and the friends they meet on their journey through the vast expanse **now** known as the ~~Wild West~~ **United states**.
The plan was to avoid the unfinished dam by exiting the boats upstream, carrying them along the bank and continuing downstream
Houses that had every modern convenience turn into uninhabitable shells, with no running water, power or basic sanitation.
What if I told you Croatian and Slovenian are also pretty dissimilar and it's sometimes hard to understand that too
It borders China and Mongolia, for fuck's sake.
tribes/nations fighting among each other and destroying the discipline from within.
And the 'normal, decent' majority just goes along with it
But normal sane population is past that.
I'm confident they will stubbornly eventually join the core EU.
people who argue refugees are good for economy are kinda dumb.
I'm not familiar with their system enough to give an opinion on whether it is appropriate or not
Not sure about Latin languages
Very very common as a sport in spring and summer.
Never heard it used positively
"-ujemo" in the end just means we would make/act (on it)
I don't work in healthcare but from what I heard our medical workers signed agreements they'll be available 24/7, do 12 hour shifts and will take no day offs
Most cars here just drive through.
It's like some sort of hybrid between Yugoslavia and Austro-Hungarian Empire
Economic growth and an ever-improving social care system?
We (Slovenians) still say Ja for Yes
Whell auatria deffinatly than.than.
The regular food
Ohcet - Hochzeit - wedding
**Slovenia because we look like a chicken
>and for some of them English is second foreign language (German being first)
I like it here
All the kids grew up playing in the mud or in the woods and most kids helped tending vegetable paches
We will start importing trash so we can recycle it.
They just end up on social support.
Future
So you think people in sparsely populate areas should get more of a vote?
Its obvious they have so many single issue voters-Immigration.
Slovenes are outdoor people so they are also into picking musrooms and other things that grow in forests and in the meadows
He made it up (with sources from books of course.)
No, Marine wants to destroy the EU.
Edit: to clarify, i live on the Slovenian coast, which is by far the warmest part of the country, especially in winter (on average more than 5° warmer than the rest of the country)
Still if you find yourself on Kredarica you can't claim to be in e very popolous area
Frankenstein between Beer and Pivo
Hpw can you not like that cronicly dezezed fat loudmout burning 🇪🇺 and NATO flags.
I am, Croatia *has* to be better than this
Coz I can't immagine eating it with mince meat.
Edit: I messed something up, my bad
That's about it, since the market is so small there is almost nothing for sale regardless
Lets remembre that Ukrain is placing heavy weponry on the border with Transnistria.
I don't know where you got your data, but according to [Wikipedia] Slovenia and Czechia (about 30k) are above Greece and Portugal (about 25k).
I didn't feel anything in Ljubljana
Yeah, we used to be so proud of our medical system
>foreigners tend to view us like some exotic animal
Oh my God, I can barely even say that hah
Well you got a point there
Isn’t a klošar just a homeless person
Our right wing SDS has probably support of less than 10% eligible voters while central and lefties are fragmented
Capitalisem has made its mark and now there are 3 mil turks living in Germany.
Now, I've unfortunately no idea how they look at immigrants around Europe.
Would be nice if we could defend our airspace with second rate yoga.
Because as long as people are focused on some organisation as the enemy I only see us going in circles and killing each other
High school 4th graders are going back to schools after 1st May holidays, which are next week
However italian starts at first grade, english at third grade
If you don't, someone who comes after you will.
I agree with what you wrote but making excuses like this:
People used to call me and my brother Lolek and Bolek - I was thin, grumpy and dark-haired while he was little, chubby and blonde.
Also as mentioned above, WWII bombs literally everywhere, but we're kinda immune to it now
The German public won't be too happy having to help during direct confrontation either.
No, they just use different names to hide their true identity.
I see slovenia, i upvote
Letting kids shit on the street, stuff like that.
Damn Greece got roasted
There is a wine called Šipon in Slovenia, whose name supposedly comes from the time of Napoleon, when french officers would order the best wine we had and after drinking it they would say "Si bon".
The first (and only) level of subdivision are municipalities (212 of them with population ranging from 500 to 300
Edit: It's fly instead of flea like my colleague said down below my bad
In 🇸🇮 paternety leave eats away maternaty leave if taken.
Thats why you should direct him at placed like Ukrain, Syria, Karabah, ect.
Also there's a lot of asterisks involved by which you can lose welfare, like if you're not actively looking for work.
Beautiful
> How to I die
Not a big fan of potica in the first place, but raisins make it better
I know one person who has on multiple occassions clearly stated he is an atheist.
The arrival of schooling under Maria Theresia started the assimilation.
I've been listening to hedgehogs infront of my apartment building in Celje for a few weeks now
That's called an Empire then
Nothing stays hidden, everything comes out eventually.
I think Jerkovič also comments but he's more serious and mostly for football
I can use my ID card to travel within EU/EEA
They all talked about how it's on thin ice and they have values and standards and demands, and of course Janša has broken all of them and yet not a single party has left the coalition (which would be enough to dissolve the government) since they're all too pussy to do it and lose their comfy government positions
We dont have any real jews in my country.
it is a clear sign that something went horribly wrong.
I know many muricans are shocked when they eat them.
If it's instant I'll go for the ones where I have no other connections to
It annoys me to no end that journalists in Slovenia routinely use the phrase "davčna nebesa" (meaning literally tax heaven) instead of the proper translation "davčno zatočišče", thus introducing a phrase that makes no fucking sense into our language.
We've been waiting for one for almost a decade I think but the building still hasn't started lol
A tale of the demise of Nokia is a tale of grave incompetence
In response to corona they closed 1/2 of seats so people just stood shoulder to shoulder next to the doors, they basically made already full trains even worse
Serbia also didn't profit from having 3 wars simultaneously, but it was in their interest to keep Yugoslavia together and stop the republics from gaining independence
Africa is rife with corruption not because leaders are incompentent bastards but because the productivity of the citizens is so low they are NOT the main source of income thus not worth to spend money on them
It literally drains out, like a bathtub
We are a bit of an odd one out here
That is why subsedizing prices is a better idea.
Uredu poba, hecau sem se ki vedno govorimo kako mormo bit podobni tem al pa unim.
Maybe Ronja, though Ronja (Ronja Rövardotter) is a popular childrens book here and according to our statistics office, there are 98 Ronjas here.
It's around 6 days from Moscow to Beijing on a Trans-Manchurian or Trans-Mongolian route.
There's two millions of us, we have never been as rich as we are now, which is slightly above damn Portugal.
I feel like I'm going crazy when I read things online or participate in discussions
Hell, I even celebrate orthodox christmas and new year as well.
In my area it's 4-7 usually
We have Gottscheerish which is critically endangered.
drag - expensive
Well ask or president Pahor [picture]
What's your opinion on Piłsudski?
There was also a difference in colour and texture.
[My little village in Upper Carniola]
Tina Maze, Peter Prevc and the rest of ski jumpers*, Anže Kopitar and Goran Dragič are top 4.
They also tend to stay in groups of 5-10 all the time, unless your typical guided tours around the old town with 20+ people (mostly Germans).
5 years in North Africa and Europe that she brushed aside
What does Agadmator stand for
There was an excellent article written about it:
Right
Serbia is in great relations with the part of Bosnia it border.
the shape of the head is so unique
Pasta - Paste
And now I'm really curious where the hell this comes from
Pizza burek :)
you get the idea
Our government made it illegal to sell desinfectant and other protective gear to anyone but government institutions
to encourage Greeks to use credit or debit cards
You need a CERF B2 level/TOEFL 79/IELTS 6.
I agree
" and now it's even worse with borders actually closed
Vatican is effectively an elective monarchy, very interesting.
Austrian and German league are supposedly the strongest in Europe.
It is almost incredible how centralized we have become after the completion of the highway system
After a few days with perfect sunshine and temperatures close to 30°C, we had miserable weather yesterday with loads of rain and temperatures of around 16°C. Didn't feel like Summer at all
It’s true that Koper does not attract as much new population as Ljubljana, however, that does not change the fact that it remains the hub for logistics and transport
My bet is that they removed it because it was so bad
It will take a long time finding certain area
Sammatti F
There's probably a lot more that I can't think of right now
If it's not about crime then why are you asking about safety?
I think the 19th February 1944 - the first congress of the Slovene national liberation council (SNOS, some kind of first parliament, the slovenian equivalent of AVNOJ) could be a good candidate
Almost no one has a second name in slovenia
I don't know how close to the original it is though since I never had it before.
You sit down at the tables, you talk to people, they bring out beef and mushroom soup
The Serbs and the Croats were the two largest ethnic groups, but they are also the most populous of the Yugoslav nations.
Doing God's work, one comment at a time.
I must admit, I will take čevapčiči with ajvar over bratwurst any day of the week.
Then you don't deserve respect.
I questioned multiple people who were alive in his times and all of them jump to the answer "yes, I respect him", but talking further a lot of people admit he wasn't really an admirable person
Typical Slovenian surnames end with:
No damages here, but it woke me up all right
We were shocked and after the shock wore out classmait was verry glad he did not say something worse
I'd also add a thanks to Croatia for being the one neighbor we were never at war with, and I can't wait for you guys to join Schengen, so the stupid border checks can be a thing of the pre-WW1 past again
Trst je naš!
~~Happy cake day
Such a catchy classic
> Tax havens would be eliminated by a minimum tax level everyone has to pay
I pay the rest on time, but not always, I could definitely be counted in this statistic, even if financially I am not that bad off
The first one is that the real Tito was swaped with a russian spy, who then ruled over Yugoslavia
Avstro-Ogrska
What is Soviet Russia
The user you replied to is Serbian so "who likes guns" sounded like you were trying to imply it wasn't widespread
But for close friends its a bit different (at least as teenagers)
edit: one of my family's faves - fried chicken gizzards
Slovenian:
I sure hope not
Most central and east Europe countries have strong clubs, but from what tournaments I've seen, Russians and Poles seem to do exceedingly well
Proper way to give fascist salute
Blame the communists
oh man, I love German
I remember being a kid and hated when my mom made polenta but now it's apparently a delicacy
I too had to learn Italian since grade 1 and english since grade 3 and i can speak both quite well
For Slovenia it's normal to be hung up on certain holidays
Let's stop the circlejerking about Republicans being more far right than UKIP for a moment...
Cash is still the standard way of paying something in Europe
People still deny this even after mass graves were uncovered
I've seen it
Damn, that's a hassle and a rip-off
- Notranjska: Bears, people with funny accents
People who drink bottled water are considered weirdos
The second one still rustles my jimmies when I remember it and I wish I'd said something
- Ljubljana: Arrogant assholes with too much money, corrupt mayor
So namely, the Middle East, Turkey, the Caucasus, Ukraine and Belarus
Where I live (lower Styria), an upsetting amount of Germans were very pro-Hitler.
How do you pay now with Corona
If you live long enough with a partner, you get the same rights as if you were married.
Bear in Slovene and Slavic is literally “honey eater”. The -v- is part of an old u-base of the proto-slavic noun mȅdъ (honey)
I'd call you delusional, but you wouldn't be considered a threat or anything, no, you'd be considered pretty harmless, probably.
Therefore it would be a hindrance if there was a broken down truck or something on a hard shoulder while it was being used as an emergency corridor
We share quite a few words with our neighbors in Croatia that are spelled and pronounced the same in both languages, but mean totally different things
Oh like, having here a list of urls in sidebar or something?
Če tu uporabiš karkoli drugega kot oljčno si čudak haha
Serbia has one of the largest civilian firearm ownership rates in the world
It's the Reichtangle
50 dialects, grouped into 7 regional dialect groups
Yes
I know that in one case, a mafioso with Croatian and Bulgarian citizenship was wanted for something abroad.
They're just a bit more arrogant, rich and stuck up I guess
Ah yes, the old die Stadt vs der Staat clusterduck xD
We only have classic Central European potato dumplings (or as we call it "cmoki" or "knedli" in some dialects) filled most often with plum or apricot
**mavrica** (rainbow) - it’s a diminutive of “mavra” (word that was borrowed from Latin Maura) which means “woman from North Western Africa” or English “Moorish woman”. In the medieval times women from that part of the world wore very [colorful clothing] as compared to Slovenes
To actually build the tracks, it will take another 100 years
so what you are sayin is, don't buy italian meat?
Reddit is being incredibly reactionary again
There is no cure for the virus itself
- This could be somewhat offtopic but the worlds oldest grapewine (Stara Trta) is also in Maribor
It's mostly because of all the bad things associated with Hillary, Trump's policy on illegals and his anti-establishment vibe.
Wow
Can't fight that, right
Nazi fugitives in Argentina and Australia seem to have difficulties with.
We have tons of problems with Albanians.
That is what I am trying to say.
Not from there, but pretty much all my high-school mates (except maybe...
Not in Slovenia
A while ago their government passed a stricter abortion law
I tried looking up recent figures but it's hard to find info, I did find this [Population exposure to lead in drinking water in Slovenia] which claims that some 22% of tested water samples had too high lead levels.
Macedonian albanian are arming themselves.
Because he reportedly passed away yesterday
Noone knows about Slovenia either, so :D Hehe, but with all seriousness, I can't say anything bad about USA, South America or Mexico.
We're small enough for that to influence elections
And of course Hungary is the one that most openly talks about its irredentism (wishes to annex parts of neigbor states that were once part of Hungary)
At the same time it means that men will spend a substantial portion of that time being dead.
They laughed at Android
It would be more appropriate to ask who doesn't have them.
Pretty sure that's the influence of Italian, since Latin languages do X and a half IIRC
Also to me it seems that both sides are just different parts of huge industries trying to get better deal for their side
They also increased their own salaries to the maximum still legal amount (while the country was going through a crisis, but not increasing the salaries of health workers)
Egipt is seeking ties with 2 european nations.
Ye it's because they stolen land(which was stolen beforehand from that) that they are anti-semetic.
lol, I thought this cultural appropriation nonsense was an American thing.
Slovenia is literally too small so nothing significant would happen
> Hottentottententententoonstelling
We are getting there with Janša as PM, ok
I went to Germany and was able to sign up as a normal German student.
but I always cringe when I hear "our" women, usually in the same sentence with a few other items like beer.
I kind of don't want it, since it will badly affect our furniture makers
I started school in 2002
Not on a map of **average wages**.
For singular you you have:
because they want to get their share of the markets
I'd say Austria due to cultural ties and common history, we don't really get along with the Italians or any other south slavic nations.
dood in europe we understan race and ethnicety differently than them muricans
"Vreme" in Slovene means weather, in Croatian time
You fire it up, and kind of tap the bottom of the milk can with the end of the stick that is on fire
Same thing
I guess this wording was used intentionally to rise eyebrows, but as this is movie with very poor reviews it was mostly passed without notice
Link ki si ga prilepil kaže statistiko po upravnih enotah - nič pa ne pove, koliko so te enote urbanizirane - torej koliko je več kriminala na podeželju
So village in Slovene is Vas, and we have everything: Upper/Lower Village (Gornja/Dolnja vas), small village, but in outdated spelling - Vesca, village be with a different name - Selo, or just New Village (Nova Vas)
The fact that the capital of Illinois is Springfield and not Chicago blows my mind
Ye, it was advertised here like it's Ex-Yugoslavia's Schindler's List, a must-see, etc
Nonantola F
We have deer, rabbits, hedgehogs and whatnot small wild animals living in the forest that doubles as city's main park
Нет, я спортист, я не пою водку
It's so beautiful there
It all depends where you want to go.
But corruption in politics or in major construction projects that is completely different story
aber nicht einfach so davonkam, versprach die alte Frau demjenigen,
Nicholas (because grandpa's tradition), Christmas (because Christmas), New Year (because uncle never really gave up communism) and Three Kings (those were brought by Befana, because Italians).
So the best thing is to have less friends if you want to be skinny.
000 people
Do you mean all animals or pets only?
I don't consume it on a regular basis, but only because I have a much superior product available ...
That was only 2012
You were thinking Beethoven, Mozart was an art movement in the 1950s that recreated mundane daily objects like cans of soup
and there is nothing so good as coming home from a party/bar in the winter and stopping for a hot burek on the way.
in my age group there is no need.
No, because that doesn't make sense.
Still bosnia could be a base from where isis could recruit.
Serbo-Croatian (we generally don't notice the diference between Serbian and Croatian) is understood by basically everyone, though I think that younger people understand it less and less and older people speak it, since they learned it at school
Croatia Govt Accused of 'Purging' State Firms' Bosses ::
Yea, I just kind of automatically connect that genre with Finland, don't know why lol.
Up with Castille, down with Aragon
It looks [something like this] Also, this explains [why our goalkeepers are so good]
I wasn't completely serious of course, but that's why I said stubborn and not really hostile, politicians in both countries are arguing back and forth since forever for a small piece of land and nothing will ever be achieved.
You are forgeting one crutial thing.
I would think so :) So much wine...so much
I would like to thank our neighbouring countries for having an IKEA
Gas is superior in my opinion since you can still cook even if the power runs out for some reason.
Yes, definitely save the coast for the summer.
Ideally, they'd fear the EU because we wouldn't HAVE TO use military might to crush them, because a crushed economy is every bit as painful
Slovenian Valentines day stamp.
President Pahor and especially his [Instagram] posts are a bit controversial here in Slovenia.
Everyone does
Never spent another krona there, a country that has Sweden for cheap shopping is definitely doing ok.
And what kind of spaghetti
* super formal 'Oni' in which you talk to the person in front of you in the same way you would talk formally about about a person who isn't there physically
Destroying our economy for few years, getting our credit rating into low B, just in hopes to get Troika to force us to keep his party in power
They also want to be anexed into Russia, hmmmmm
> even things like pasta
If I remember anything from my childhood literature is that -ix means they are from modern day France ;)
all the dumb things he said about brexit already make him a complete moron or at the very least an insidious man
There was definitely disappointment when the city was ceded to Italy instead of Yugoslavia after WW2.
Also add the fact that desktops are pretty much obsolete with nontech crowd
Inhabited by Slovenes on all three sides
I don't give a fuck, we are only a bus stop and we're too small to make a real difference in EU policies anyway.
Edit: and obviously not treated as some kind of first-past-the-post system
Even the issues during WW2 and WW1 were mostly because of that
yet, but I do think we're surely headed that way.
I'd argue that fossil fuels are worse for animals than just breeding lots of a particular one to eat, since they **have** wipe**d** out species.
This made me laugh so hard
- Dolenjska: The drunkest region, probably from their awful wine called Cviček, gypsies
For salaries its maybe smarter to look up nominal value and compare it to the gross salary and not the nett since taxes etc.
Actually, most types of screws are called after brand names and sometimes don't even have a different name
I find myself pretty much anti US politics these days, so I tend to give Russia a lot of benefit of doubt when media shitstorms descend on them.
Didn't have a bike to learn on till then
Ah yes, the old die Stadt vs der Staat clusterduck xD
That sounds great, will have to do a roadtrip.
But what about the Spanish inquisition
I doubt that
These days those temperatures are beyond rare so I get to run/bike all winter.
As opposed to your delicious [diethylene glycol wine?]
- Maribor is without a doubt the sports “capital of Slovenia”
This reminds me on high school, when maths teacher showed us some Georgian book in their writing and I remember one of my classmates saying it’s the same as if he read german
Nobody would "let me go" if I was a cent/penny short so why should I give it away?
Are you on of them, out of curiosity?
Bloody Sunday, that is called in Austria, was never thought here in school happened 2 months after liberation/occupation of Maribor when "angry mob" supposed of 10
It's good enough
“Drevo, katero je padlo
Primorska accent is the best one.
And there are also [protected and strictly protected areas] I think that for most of these you need an actual permit to enter so they are not for public use, but would fall under the "wilderness preserve".
The Soviets were responsible for making a mess of Afghanistan decades ago, sure
In Portugal is the tradition of Christmas Eve
I mean, what was done with Germany after WW2 was far enough.
Not the dominant type of guy but the one who keeps to himself.
Nothing, especially since farming gets more money from the government that they pay into government in form of taxes
We have both 'home economics' and 'handicrafts' in elementary
\>42 wouldn't ride a motorcycle
but there isn't anything major
It was also clergymen who spoke up against witch trials and slavery
Best outcome would be if UK stays in the union
Meanwhile your i doesnt have a dot
Its not like when I was traveling trough Poland: 5 hours of train and everything was totally flat
She was traveling alone through Europe before she settles down, a woman in her early 30s. She was amazed how the people viewed age differently in Europe, she was considered old to start a family whereas in Canada they considered it normal, young even
The person making this map is an idiot.
[A picture says more than a thousand words]
[snajper z bloka(sniper from the block)]
Please support them
Just be fucking nice and assume best in people.
Not that I can think of (unless it's slang)
That's just how it is
They closed off all access points until they managed to put it to sleep and relocate it
s/z - with
Unless you have tongue paralasis everything Danish is difficult to say
I know you guys basically first experimented with democracy, but let's not forget how that experiment ended
I'd say they're starting to edge on right wing populism.
Several injured, 15 yo girl in critical condition (has already been reported dead but that has just been denied by the hospital) according to the main croatian media
If you give them free houses they will come to you.
**Judo** for example, is popular in Celje, **Handball** is popular in Celje and Velenje.
It's concerning how the rise of populism had to happen before any politician cared to tackle this problem.
Every morning, I get down on the floor pointing towards Brussels and pray for the destruction of everything American, as is the official EU-sanctioned policy.
Based
Vernio I
You are integrated simply too good.
What americans nsider far ght is moderate center right in Europe
Wow that looks so much like a cat that was in love with me when I was little.
Actualy it was invented by the French.
In German class we learned that 6
The lake is surrounded by the most beautiful litte towns like the one in the picture, and there's a ton of old villas, gardens, museums and churches to explore.
What reason would that be
Same here, it’s either working in McDonald’s or stocking shelves in Mercator (the largest Slovene supermarket chain)
Long live unstable governments!
Other than that, Serbo-Croatian is the most widely understood and spoken, while German comes third
Most of us keep cats, so we talk about cats
I would not call it civil war
Then from what I see, 1st 4 grades have lunch after all the classes and 5-9 graders have lunch between 6th ad 7th period
There were lots of disagreement but groups killing each other not to my knowledge and I have a decent knowledge of this period
Now I would like to have them in Slovenia as well
Until the russian army steps in
World cup tho
Well, *macola* is also a hammer
They do have a lot of business ties, but so does the us, that doesnt add anything to being european.
DPD once left it with my neighbour without me giving them permission
for your child or husband/wife death 3 days, for parents 2 days, for sister/brother death or grandparents only 1 day
I mean, most of Oliver Dragojević's music is really good
They play for them
But do these taste like cinnamon?
A large fraction of houses in a settlement where we have a weekend house are weekend houses.
Ok than the end of Warsaw pact.
Of course you're not, you're also the country of Becherovka ...
I'm a big fan of nuclear power and I really hope we get some EU funding for the second block
We have a similar saying "klin se s klinom zbija".
And despite beating Croatia yesterday that will be hard
Businesses dont hate us, they love profit.
One factor to consider: Commuters to Ljubljana count as residents of the east but contribute to the GDP of the west
Or bears
But some terrorists are still lingering.
hahahaha that photo is too funny!
If someone is offended by being called black, they're just playing the victim and oughtta be handled like that
And we get a lot of heavy storms.
I found the translation for Povodni mož [here] and for Zdravljica [here] Scroll down in both cases
We sent them our woman to give their babies milk.
But I put them in the fridge when I get home
These things are mostly covered by projects.
0, which is just that
Seriously, it's nothing new
There were 13 deaths directly connected to the storm (interventions, restoration and rehabilitation)
Obviously non-native English accents don't sound like English.
You can teach a child "limits" without spanking them.
That's really cool (imo) when you get it in a complete package, but it would be just one more city with 300k people in Italy which you'll never visit, and another coastal town among thousands, and another ski resort among hundreds
And every time I watch a random sport I could say most of the Slovaks/Czechs have a name and a last name that sounds very Slovene to me or some of them are even the same (Besides Novak or Horvat of course).
They usually last one weekend, and over the summer there's always one happening within a 50km/30mile radius, always in different towns
Nope, they just talk really quite
Kranj: 37 941 (municipality: 57 065)
It is possible that the house of Celje could have stood at the front of the fight against the Ottomans and thus gaining advantage out of it like the Habsburgs did
All other cities remained far behind
The tried and true method of staying in power, just ask Croatian Democratic Union.
I recommend it if you can get it somewhere.
Your name is Uncle Sam mate what are you on about
It is often used in the commercial media so that is why some people might think it is the most similar to standard Slovene.
We also have some weird youth organisation that promotes Christian values that sometimes puts cringy billboards up, but I'm not opening their website to give an example
Real estate is for own use and maybe some renting is probably the most common investment
car - tsar
skupaj means together while drkati means to masturbate while less known meaning is to slide/skate on ice, the more common expression to slide on ice is drsati
If the jackpot was not won, it was split among other prizes, multiplying them by 4 or 5 times
I'm fairly certain you're 100% wrong on this one
I've seen pictures of Schwerin and it looks beautiful
and you cannot many bribes from that
Vast majority of tourists comes from € area.
Things are far from finished and they wont be until you join EU.
[Not much] no
Id say: “Slovenija od kod lepote tvoje” cuse of the lyrics
and they sure know their business.
Also aren't there a lot of lakes
From then I didn't even bother with English and stuck to Slovene
And now me hurt brains
Poor guys have to live in a flat plains
Why would one pick a hotel in a ghetto?
That's the first time I've heard anything like that.
I think I was there 2 or 3 years ago
>Paris’ deputy mayor says Notre Dame’s organ, among the world’s most famous and biggest, remains intact after a devastating fire at Paris’ main cathedral
The julian calander most certanaly does.
IIRC Bulgarians also do that, at least in [this series]
I shot the Yugo version of SKS when I was 15 for a while then nothing for 2 decades.
Arguing with the neighbours, being envious of them.
According to [this]#Composition), the Serbs were the largest ethnic group amongst the Yugoslav Partisans and the Croats were the second largest, but none of those groups was over 50%.
I checked etymology and it doesn't seem to be related
It takes place some time in February or March (the day changes because of the moon - I don't know the math but it takes place some time before Easter) and it has its origins in old traditions of scaring the winter away.
Darüber freuten sich alle, vor allem aber der Hottentottenstottertrottelmutterbeutelrattenlattengitterwetterkotterattentäterfangprämienempfänger
Even a lot of small shops opted to close, I think there is about 1 on every road leading to the city centre in Ljubljana now
Crazy
Also AFAIK there were some studies that show, that dams don't only affect micro climate, but also on the wider scale, so they're not reducing the green-house gasses
Most simple style restaurants here offer things like Pizza, pasta, schnitzels, calamari, chicken or turkey in natural or mushroom sauce and similar.
You can also find Gradec on [motorway signs ]
I already think President brie is way superior to other pre packaged brands.
Not to mention that the northern parts of Upper and Lower Austria were still originally inhabited by Slavs before the Germans moved south, they just weren't part of Carantania
It's Krst pri Savici (Baptism at Savica fall) by France Prešeren and tells a pretty tragic story about Christianisation of Slovene area
And about the counting, I assume you meant this beauty xD
Can you just log out for a few months and stop commenting nonsense?
If we talk in dialects at least
The now democratic goverment there has done a lot for the people and tha island.
No, not that, I mean while they're still serving their sentence.
That was wheir main servicento the nation.
We refrigirate our eggs and 1 milk at a time so that it is cold
Whatever works for you buddy ...
These places are now place for teens to explore since there is nothing else to do in this boomer town
I'm 21 and I'm very suprised you didn't know anything about other currencies
Should there be a rule against this?
ragu bolognese and store it in the freezer
Further funding and defensive support.
Of course, we are littered with them.
A few of my friends got beat with leather belts by their fathers, but even then most people considered that abuse.
We still have the tracks build from Austro-Hungarian times without much improvements
but you won't find root beer or Dr Peppers.
Now women can only get an abortion if the pregnancy is the result of a rape or if the woman's life is in danger due to the pregnancy
few more from the top of my head:
We call them "folklore believers", they do not attend church, don't do any religious mambo-jumbo...
That was a sweet move
y is it better to drive on the left side than the right side?
I think they mean the centuries of turkish oppression
ha, good luck
Learning the language of your host nation should the most basic requirement
Now I'm wondering if something like this wouldn't be feasible for motorcycles
Dangerous people when it comes to discussing history
Central Asian stans are still very pro-Russian.
Sorry for going down the memory lane, but that's to me probably the best part of being a scout
oida
She's gonna make Slovenia great
Five reverse and one forward, in case the enemy attacks from behind
Potem bi morali plačevati tudi Bulgarom, Srbom, Romunom, če upoštevamo vetrove
On the other hand, there's no excuse for the most expensive game of all time back then to not have a single person point out that the last name likely doesn't end in "ick", considering last names ending in "ich" is one of the single most common tropes about Slavs
Insulted people from other ex-Yugoslavian countries (as a joke, of course)
Over here they usually end on -vić.
That pissed me off
As long as you don't come in directly from digging up potatoes or cleaning a barn, I think you should be fine.
My fave would be [krvavica, purée and shreded turnip]
Just a bit more perspective:
So I see them as much closer to us that Greeks for example
If that's the real reason it shows how little they value their integrity.
Arent Hapsburgs neoNazis nowerdays?
The river isn't really mention worthy for that couple of kilometers it has, but the fall is pretty neat
Hehe, I *love* cappuccino and drink it all the time.
Have you ever heard of that stereotype before?
Is it Friday already
P.S.: I hate snow
Here is an excerpt from an interview:
But now the prices in EE and WE are getting more similar, why should we still have to get sub par product for the same price.
I'mma need a recipe here
Trst je naš!
How have I never heard of this
It a broad term for alcohol beverages from different fruits
I feel like Slovenia or the land of current day Slovenia is mostly innocent
Just that we don't have a specific date when to do it.
Let him rant on Twitter if he wants, but I'm not giving him the attention he so desperately craves.
I would expect nothing else from you.
Castles, strongholds and forts are awsome!
Any I especially don't know anyone who's eager to cook something like that in that kind of heat without air con.
Nutella is confirmed to be making three versions, and the Polish one is the cheapest and worst.
It's been a while since I was on it, but if I remember correctly it was because I live with my grandmother in an apartment she owns.
Finland might be good economically, etc.
Haven't seen a single game worth playing that had a Slovenian translation yet
At least we can rely on the Russians to be consistant
Fuck yeah, we get back Trst, Gorica and Celovec
Kranj (38 000) - recently surpassing Celje, Kranj is the industrial city that every country has
That's why the Netherlands should be the strongest proponents of Eurofederalization
Thanks for the breakdown
Well, according to the rules above, you already are an Austrian citizen - because your father was an Austrian citizen at the time of your birth.
Er, that's exactly how you become a country.
I haven't spent a ton of time in Poland, but I did some, and as a Black Slovenian, I must say it didn't feel xenophobic in the least, save for some nonsense at the airport in Warsaw with the border police, but those are probably 50:50 to happen in just about every country
is quite great
Drinking alcohol after a night of heavy drinking and calling it bliss, found the Slav!
Župa - Suppe - soup (though this one may be french)
Haha, Slovenia represent
If you plan on using _emphasis_ and ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ in the same line, then you _should_ escape both underscores.
They have also a parallel school system in italian language
As naming villages Forest is incredibly popular
I don't like Maribor, I don't like the people there, they have that being 2nd complex and I can't stand their dialect
“That of Sydney” would incorrectly become “Sydney-ski” or “(I gave it) to John” “John-u”. We have rules for these
Also regarding food:
Apart from that, people prefer to keep money on hand to buy stuff they can use
The US has traditionally been able to get what it wants because it mostly negotiated with smaller economies.
Ok but i still stressed that I don't care where they are from it's the way they act toward everyone in their community
Animal and nature conservation is very big here.
bonus person: Metod Trobec (za metoda goriš oooo bejbi)
Way to go
Your country butchered millions and genocided even more people.
I went to an italian speaking kindergarten myself
My people did their best to bring down Rome.
P.s. I'm very worried about the election frauds you are mentioning, this is not something that should continue on uncontested
Because they are awesome
My answers are far from useles.
That's the typical food you pack in your backpack when you go hiking here
I pronounce it the US way but write the British way.
At first, I thought neighbors were doing some work outside and using some heavy machinery (as they have been for the past couple days)
Did he actually, half-heartedly shout "roar"?
mostly because ypu dont want people to b run ower b cars
And as far as the situation in eastern Ukraine is concerned, the Russians are protecting their interests after the revolution backed by our so-called allies, protecting minorities and the like
In slovenian it is Bisagin for no reason
We'd have flying cars and useful cold fusion by now, if we did that :D
To add, Hungarian and Finnish don't really share any vocabulary.
The koran doesn't specify what clothes exactly women should wear, only that they should cover themselves (this is also why there is disagreement over the degree of coverage: hijab/burqa/etc).
Also amazing history, tradition and just the huge scale of everything
At least that's what popular TV and radio shows keep selling
I wouldn't even consider Romania to be on the peninsula unless you draw a straight line.
They have a very good life prospects in USA atleast that is for sure.
I love the sound of Turkish when women speak it
Lake Bled connoisseur
I hope it happens soon also for the sake of us
Oh, I missed that part about "we all". I understand now
Belgrade is in Serbia and therefore outside Schengen - just a reminder!
Citizens living abroad as a % of domestic population
After all it is the role of Serbia (after Dayton) to guarantee pece in BiH
People with superiority complexes use the borders of the Slavic countries
Roughly translates to fuck it
in this context i believe its the 4 freedoms of the single market.
I know you can't prevent it without imposing new rules, but allowing things like that to happen would be a straight definition of discrimination.
There is no mystery to it
In my region (Istria) we have jokes sometimes about putting a border on Črni Kal (a village at the Karst edge, the natural border that divides Istria from the rest of Slovenia), but those are just that, jokes
It's a bit (a lot
Oh yes
-Political Eastern Europe is East of the Iron Curtain, or everything that was under the Soviets
SDS our currently largest party with most seats in parliament, is always in opposition, members are mostly descendants of WWII home guards and Nazi who wants justice for post WWII killings, condemning the post WWII government etc
000€, and only 3 of 400
There was a mass every day and I think it was epecially meant for kids (?).
Carnivals are very popular here.
Maybe not directly harmful
You're already on summer time, we're not.
Complexity is certainly not a desired feature here.
That's fine, and you are free to take that position when you run for office.
Singapore supplied us with SAR (Singapore Assault Rifle), which were using 5,56 NATO ammo
Be careful, or he will release the hounds again
Polish, Czech and Slovak all sound like child talk to me.
seriously
I mean, most of Oliver Dragojević's music is really good
Too little competition in the market of telecommunication services
If the trend of the magneric anomalies continues, soon in your home town.
If members of parliament would be sanctioned for challenging what is currently illegal, nothing that is illegal could ever be made legal.
The number is still minuscule and doesn't affect our national birth rate.
That's why we want a world bee day for awareness on how important bees are.
While Rules for rulers is very clear how politics work, in the book they are written on world examples - Liberia, Zimbambwe, Bell's town in California, Iraq etc
Yes, in Slovenian we use "zmaj" for both a kite amd a dragon
Ljubljana: 286 745 (municipality: 295 504)
Especialy since it was made by the Crimea Republic in its adress to the UN.
Also there is eome forest there :)
Your stock american imperialist.
The government is also under scrutiny regarding how they handled the corona crisis and how they have limited the rights of NGOs when it comes to environmental protection
In Slovenia, we can stay at a café/restaurant for *hours* and the staff won’t bother us
What is used most often is "I like you" aka *Rada te imam*.
Those things don't mean the same in English and French.
He is very Trump-esque on Twitter, demeaning virtually all media and harshly criticising Slovenia's socialist past (although it was the left-wing partisans who liberated the country during WW2 - a sentiment which is still very much alive)
It has gotten a lot better over the years because of spay and neuter programs (mostly done by charities)
I believe it was completely impossible to cross the Slovenian (at the time Yugoslavian) - Hungarian border at that time.
If the person is 50 years old, the may pole has to be up for 50 days
But nonetheless, i did calculate it, and the result is at least 363 500 people missing in 1910 on the territory of present day Slovenia, due to emigration that happened between the years 1857 and 1910
Good luck
Worse of us at least, without ww1 there would be no Yugoslavia.
Or at least a savings account that kids can use when they are 18
Like I said, it's not for everyone and it looks like you did your homework with employability after all
And then a classic recommendation, [Alamut]
or former Yugoslav republic of Slovenia
It is quite clear that the plans for it were lobbied by politicians who thought they were more intellingent then skilled planners
Sabaton - The Last Stand (Music Video)
I have the impression that private medical insurance companies are one of the toughest lobbies in our country
Now that I'm older I'm trying to learn swedish and find it quite a bit harder to do.
They are also investing money into Bulgaria.
Slovenians when we see our country mentioned anywhere: "I don't have anything meaningful to contribute but I will comment anyway so people know Slovenians noticed this
Rent for 50-60m2 apartment would be around 400 EUR, maybe a little bit more
That's some Kristallnacht level Anti-Israel criticism.
Of course we have narrations about men who strive to survive in the nature or independent of civilization in various areas, or men that behave traveling warriors etc
I know you just got out of college with feminist studies degree and feel you need to fight for something but still....
Most courses are in slovene some ar in english, but i havent hearf of them demanding english or slovene exams, you just need to understans what the profesor is saying.
Not to mention that the Prekmurje "dialect" has historically been a separate literary language in its own right and is still the de facto language of education, business, and everything else in Prekmurje
There's very little remembrance of WW1 here
Halls and classrooms were clean and I think wearing winter boots in heated classroms is not too comfortable
And the ice cream is rumored to be legendary
It happens
Those are all fair points
What's exactly the definition of empire used for this map?
Yeah I've heard that Hollande is trying to pass very un-socialist reforms that will lower wages, and that people will retire even later.
But then again, so is beef and pork.
Its a regional sub for regional discusion and news.
Distraction
I don't know how it is in other parts but up there ...
However, the area is also full of immigrants so people there are quite
Students have specific blood donation days, some companies as well.
Lol, i dont think i will get beaten up...
guys at r/de and r/the_schulz can be quite funny and talented while creating memes
We have the sea, mountains, rolling hills and lowlands
I heard a mixture of Portugese and Russian a few times, some say German.
I have a question regarding how slovenia counts someone as foreign and someone as a citizen(i case u know).
That one is probably my favourite ever taken of Ljubljana.
Rome and Greece even more specific (have to know periods, battles, leaders, government types)
Of course it's gonna be 'kaboom' if you put adds like that next to a highway.
Both you & the other guy are conveniently forgetting that without the partisans we (together with the rest of Jugoslavia) would have been just another USSR satellite state.
I live anime and japanese video games
We also have optional excursions to other European cities.
You need uch more stone wool to insulate a al house than a brick house.
Italy
I' just put the same people we used to have on money back on, moving Trubar and Prešeren from the 1 and 2 € coins to 5 and 10 € notes and replacing them on coins with something from the flora or fauna.
3 million) in 120 years
We use knedli interchangeably with cmoki
The Syrian government since they're fighting against terrorists.
Others doing a phd out of it, lol.
I never said discrimination of any kind is ok but to pretend that you hold no prejudice against anyone is lying
:P I also can go to China for 30 days without a visa now.
Another case thing that grinds my gears is not properly declining foreign male first names and last names
There is a town in Croatia called Pofuki
The fact that his ancestors lived in a region that changed rule many times doesn't change that.
The "Croatian thief" is not a part of jokes told by the general population
Fact is EC suits both parties because it creates safe red and blue states both parties can ignore because they are foregone conclusion and so both can focus on couple of swing states
We are there almost every week I live in Jesenice which is about 10-12 I'm away
I don't know who spells it without *i*, but it ain't us.
Sm mislu da si na naši strani grim...
They generally don't rule terribly well, there is a generaly lack of foresight and ideas with them, also they get themselves into scandals pretty fast, so for the next electrion, a new party is formed again to take him on
I can tell you about 5 that are missing in Slovenia, off the top of my head
Good btw
But if **Europeans** believe that America as a country/government is overall a negative force
I don't think anyone would give it more than a second thought if a male walked into womens toilet or vice versa.
txt
Fat people, disabled people, people who don't hike can be Slovene as well :p
What I'd like to see is a standard for electrical safety in cars
killing someone is a permanent solution
It is rare to see them just wander around residential areas though
5 years in North Africa and Europe that she brushed aside
Wtf its been 5 years already ?
and I can't think of any other differences
Don't try to steal our joke, Croatia!
That's just how politics work
Variety can be society-enriching or society-destroying, depending on which side has the better propagandist
I watched a documentary on this.
Yes you are right we must keep our secrets, btw i have always wanted to see Transylvania in what time of the year would you recommend visiting it
What I mean is, if I had to point a finger and say "this is when it first started", it would be Khuen's rule.
In cities they mostly use other sources I think
I say he'd have a very high chance to survive without getting shot, but if he did get shot I don't think there would be national outrage.
I actually expected they will be worse than they were actually
I have even heard of deer attacks when they are in mating season but it is rare
"Zahod" in Slovene is west, in Croatian it's toilet
He is used to the 🇺🇸 owerthrowing govermnts around the world they do not like.
Guys, we have a proverb
Was up like 15min before it happened because my cat woke me up to feed him
I'mma nominate the [Škocjan caves] in Slovenia
A cheeky Croatian appears out of nowhere.
But for Poland it's mostly big foreign companies that have production in Poland that have a bad rep.
Continuing the glorious tradition of [partisan tanks]
We have a few associations that bring them here from Spain and Ireland and I was shocked reading stories about them.
Austria basically got their entire country by germanising the Slovenes
Millions (well, thousands) of men were willing to fight and die for their feudal lords and gods, but I have yet to encounter a man in year 200 AD who's willing to do so for something as nebulous as the United Kingdom
Ah, can try'i. Well, this night not'i almost nothing sleep because i most time spent with learning for exam
No, you are 🇬🇧 that cant mean you get special rigjts.
dutch people do know how to shape the planet
So flower as a whole is flower but the top thing is also flower?
I think you're not making a lot of sense with your point that nursing, teaching and the rest would see a drop.
In Slovenia the biggest threat for you is yourself
The holocaust (gathering a group of people and sending them to a concentration camp to be gased to death) in nazi Germany wasn't illegal for example
Don't know what's with this trend of workshift moving to later and later times.
> Eastern Europeans
The sad thing is that I find many countrimed adopting those rhetorics and becoming increasingly intolerant of any slightly divergent opinion
When I walked back home I felt like everyone around me was foreign.
I think if you really want to learn it, Duolingo will take you ages to do so
Either way, it's not popular here at all.
Yeah, "the center" does not sound nearly as badass as "the north" or "the south".
Die Hottentottenstottertrottelmutter hatte auch ein Haustier
I never said discrimination of any kind is ok but to pretend that you hold no prejudice against anyone is lying
Again, please refrain from commenting on my comments.
In short, Slovenia was the shit back in the Yugoslav days, but we can hardly compete with the rest of western Europe
Even the most nationalistic parties are usually strong on protecting these rights (and the same went for the original nazis btw).
I will cheer for Finland, Croatia, Austria and Germany
oooof hit a weak spot haven't I? How dare I compare the all mighty englishman to a filthy american
One of my favourite semi-recent Serbian film is "Rane (The Wounds)". Kosturica's films are also great
Did it taste good
Together, with Japanese, they form a small group of languages, called Japonic.
Josip Broz Tito
Thank you Ivan Janša, very cool
It really changed the landscape of the city
Slovenia and Austria have 2 same regions, Styria and Carinthia
but the dinarske alps are not touching the Alps they end way more south
That is an option too
A white horse is still on [coat of arms] of the town
what about Slovenia and Croatia?
That seems to be a sensible connection
Under and within that world concept, we must recreate the European family in a regional structure, called, it may be, the United States of Europe, and the first practical step would be to form a Council of Europe.
No, that's a brand
Bruh
Our apartment was in Krakow but we took a day trip to Warsaw and I loved the architecture there (as we don’t really have that many skyscrapers back home)
No numbers or special characters, must use Slovene alphabet + xywq
It can also be songs not about your country, but songs that remind you of your country.
Vasto F
But this is total speculation
tejku = take (phonetically + past-tensified the Slovenian way)
I think I'll take the map with a metric ton of salt
We have an Italian minority in our chunk of Istra, remember?
Nope, next day they come and deliver me the package again, without me asking them.
Thats the EU comonwealth, same shit, slightly shittier countries.
Slavic languages are related, who knew
Documentaries in here only have a narrator, not really a presenter talking to the camera
It was slightly traumatic
Well that's ironic
I have no idea what we did to Sacha Baron Cohen, that he hates us so much, but
My friend who has family in Bosnia insists rakija is differnt and stronger than šnops you get here
Above 20 is hot
- druga srednja sklanjatev (jaz, mene -i)
▒█▒▒▒▒▒█████▒████▒▒█████▒█▒▒▒█▒▒████▒████▒▒▒███▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒
The state of Vatican is spread freouth italy in tiny exclave/enclaves.
For me Italy, France, all German speaking countries, the Netherlands, all of Balkans and some Eastern Slav countries
I understand that it is imposible to be 100% objective when writing an article, but atleas they could try not to force their beliefs and agendas down our throats.
Most of them are locally owned or a part of a bigger company with restaurants.
Serbians and Croats (or US and UK or the various nordic combos of former empires) not working out just goes to prove that differences and similarities mean nothing
Religious communities in R. of Slovenia - all equal, seperate from the state
I was thinking of police patroling the streets not border control, forgot abput that actualy.
I wonder when the first Laika will be born o.O
The most common milk here is UHT pasteurised so as long as it's unopened it can stay at room temperature for months
Sure, waiting lines are long for non-emergencies but 'm pretty satisfied so far.
It wasn't their fault they didn't know it was actually the other way around
It sounds completely different.
If it were up to me we would sanction UK into the ground.
are you having a stroke, did nobody teach you how to write properly, or are you just stupid?
Ah yes because Slavs = shit lifestyle and poverty
Everyone tried to stand away from him.
It's pretty random
> The Christmas truce
Exactly the same
No one gives a shit what your profession is.
Edit:
> Eastern Europeans, especially Poles and Croatians
Lendava has this distinctively foreign air that I just don't feel in other border towns/cities
Congrats and happy birthday, Eesti, my favourite Nordic country
No one here gives a crap about it.
No need for that, we'll gladly
I have never seen them before
Almost as bad as cultural appropriation...
English
You do make a big deal of veterans
Kinda looks like a smaller, less depressing version of [kowloon walled city]
interact with the government beyond what it takes them to identify who i am so they can give me a new card/passport.
We changed our constitution curtesy of mama merkel and conpany.
My mind is now blown a bit
Isn't Jobbik, Fidesz but worse.
Sem prebral jezero Janša
There is also "If you will not learn you will be road cleaner/road (maintenance) worker
We actually have amazing page hribi
I'd love to live anywhere in Primorska (Vršič -> Nova Gorica for the mountains and Soča, Vipavska Dolina for the vineyards, nature and the weather, and southern part obviously for the sea) and think the people (that I know) are just awesome and northern Primorska dialect is the best sound ever
Well, it's not like they had a choice.
Pasta
There are still sizable Russian minorities in all former Soviet republics.
Lol fighting in DNA(stupid stupid thing to say) is much more present in european countries with decades of wars and conflicts.
You're welcome
O_o Now THAT'S quite a few levels down the road
Also I doubt many people in Belarus yearned for Nazis to stay after they offed every fourth inhabitant and razed pretty much all cities.
- Ljubljana is not the tourist centre; there are way more tourist sites outside of Ljubljana than in it
Girls only care about their appearance and being popular
> It's sad
On the plus side, it's still a lot better than reading stories from USA where giving birth can leave you bankrupt, but god dammit we have been waiting for too long for a government that would have the balls to clear this corrupted mess of the national insurance agency that is stealing our money in broad daylight
What are your presidents up to?
I actually find it a curious how Italian is often adored, yet Finnish is the butt of jokes, while they're both vowel-rich languages
Just what Balkans needed: More instability.
And temperatures are also colder this time around in Autumn
you see 10 years dead people wining.
All my closest family lives within 30km.
EU: Just tell us what you want
1) goverments change all the time
Well of course it didn't work, at least against Germans
Like it's a race, or they have a need to validate their life choices
Finally, opinions I have read from peoples over the internet.
Well, at least the construction went without problems and now the tunnel serves its purpose
No one gets called out for hate and saying people should be killed and those comments receive a lot of likes
Yeah, most of the people say Gradec although Graz is also used, especially in Eastern Slovenia
now you know  ^we ^need ^more ^land :)
We also call a hairdryer “fen” (pronounced very similarly to “fön”)
Personally, I think that's more important than the dates
THANK YOU
Nobody would take the "Alpine Serbs" thing seriously
That silence will follow you around until you meet and greet, better yet, buy a couple of rounds
Also, by pushing your culture on them I don't mean e.g. wearing a religious headdress or ethnic clothing but rather expecting them to change their behavior to be in line with what your culture demands
No, but it's perfectly fine to talk to strangers on our railways haha :D
No, it's a twenty minute drive away.
What WW3
Which means you can adopt in another country and come back.
How are you supposed to help people like that?
i never got insulted for defending someone but ok :)
They were making fun of earthquake victims in Italy
I have the same "problem" when discousing on Askmen
But today there aren't many heretics around to burn, so he spends his days shitposting on reddit.
Like "This school is fking Auschwitz."
The Alfa Romeo didn't make it, it broke down in the garage
So, imagine this situation: you live with the woman with whom you already have, kids, two, just as planned.
I need to start using more American English.
what if they have a flu or something
Haven't heard that one before
That's common in most European border regions.
Now I would like to have them in Slovenia as well
Hey I got a kosovo passport stamp and now I can say I’ve been to kosovo
Nah, geese are just annoying, but swans are downright evil.
Nowadays, it's mostly young families moving in as the prices are lower and everything they need is near.
All of them
One example of ambiguity is “Srečal je prijatelja, ki mu je dal darilo”. (He met a friend who gave (had given) him a gift/whom he gave a gift”)
I live in a small town of Slovenske Konjice
That has caused some uproar in the neighbouring Croatia.
Why would you continue to live in a country like this.
Maybe because Brandenburg Gate and the Reichstag do not sell tickets, so there is no precise way to say how many visit?
We all use it because everyone else uses it
Some examples:
I saw this article/image 2 days ago, advising people to basically avoid Slovenia on the weekend.
In Slovenia it's the same under a different name except it bans the right to adopt or for lesbian couples to get medical insemination
Čez tri leta pa zadeva zastara.
places like private forests or the use the natural rescourses like forest berries by citizens is pretty restricted.
First, Trump has nothing with federalism.
I throw him a toy and then chase him.
Italian is spoken by about 10% of the population, being a co-official language in Istrian municipalities
Also, blood sausages are found in lots of countries.
We even have it on our 1 cent coins.
When I lived in one of those tall socialist buildings, I could sometimes hear our top neighbour walking in heels, if she dropped something, dragging the furniture, loud music...
The products use inferior ingredients as substitute: artificial sweeteners.
Much better economy than Spain, and MUCH safer than france.
I have no idea what would make you think it comes from any sort of a Polish thing.
I mean, don't the Germans see everione east/south of them as inferiour...
Everybody who lived back then is ancestor of everybody living today.
O_o Now THAT'S quite a few levels down the road
The institute is part of the reasearch centre of the Slovenian academy of sciences and arts
The comon plasic bag (најлонска кеса) is incresingly more and more rare, it is pratcicaly going extinct in the wild, some people tho keep them as pets - dispicable.
Barring any tactial genius or divine intervention I think we lose, in all scenarios.
If you mean elementary and secondary, I agree
Anything you want, in zombo.com.
Yeah, same
We have no other island to show off
[Red cabbage stewed in red wine with "mlinci"] [štruklji] made with cottage cheese, can add herbs, spinach, blitva (type of cale but not really) or make them sweet.
I daren't utter a bad word in front of them.
We never had that before
Me happy (more like 'making me happy'), that I did you meet
That one counts
All other media companies are regarded as 'communist' by them, even if they are actually nowadays quite liberal and were just founded in Yugoslav times
Has anyone noticed how this isn't actually a functional guillotine
Your finances are already stretched to the limit.
Because Slovenia is strange and whatnot
I had some trouble in Italy (language barrier), Austria (same, and not a lot of people stopped), scandinavia (only countries where I actually gave up, and I was travelling with my cat, I hoped that would humanize me a bit).
But the single most epic thing are the two Slavic esperantos - Slovio and the more modern Interslavic (Medžuslavjanski)
what an interesting saying, love it
I'm sure at least some of the principals support the Tories.
I always keep mine in the fridge
I watched a movie about this as a kid
We are not and don’t want to be
The Balkan express: from Belgrade to Bar by railway |
Yes
In highschool we kept out shoes on though
The people that consider Slovenia as Balkan usually are not from the Balkans
Stuff of national importance (nuclear power plant, highways, railway, port, parts of construction industry) remain owned by state.
> Article 5 is only for defensive wars
Littoral was always under heavy Italian influence, Prekmurje was part of Hungary until 1918 and the middle part was more or less oriented to Austria, so even cuisine developed differently in each part.
Never heard of Khrushchyovka, I didn't even know these buildings have names.
I usually answer that I'm from here
Sprry, must have missed that part.
looks very similar to [novo mesto]
I think he was listing a few differences between Americans and Slovenians.
One of my grandmothers has seen it for the first time in her life just a year ago.
> but you'll always be a stranger
There is also "If you will not learn you will be road cleaner/road (maintenance) worker
Daily "user from the Baltics/Ukraine posts about Russia/Communism" thread
So to recap I could live in Croatia, but would probably resist the other three.
I like to think that if it was vice versa and Habsburgs died firts, the course of history would be different.
Just act cool and have your documents ready if you get stopped.
In Slovenia, having to commute more than 20 minutes is considered cruel and unusual punishment
Yes, we have "Croatian square" "Russian street" "Vienna street" "Trieste street" "Celovec Street" ...
There's plenty enough space if those on the left move to the left and those on the right move to the hard shoulder
Here is the survey, we rank 2nd in EU, I guess
outside large cities, where the commute is long, communities are small and infrastructure is underdeveloped.
And
maybe
I said that system working in one country may not work as well in another one.
They probably cant squize any more money from their subcontractors.
> Hottentottententententoonstelling
But we have loads of small villages and towns that have the most boring names imaginable
...oh, and it's a Balkan country, right?
The more I look at other (western) nations history, the more it's clear to me, that until like 70's there wasn't a very much big difference between Yugoslavia and any other western countries
Kresnik cheated on his wife with daughter of Queen of snakes.
If that existed, I think a lot more people would rather pick a train than an airplane
Imagine it this way - You have 100
Really
I think he meant public toilets.
Before the Euro, Slovenia had Tolar as it's currency.
It is my hope my country leaves.
We have a fair share of cow dung smell here as well :/
We can grow grapes and olive trees
Alamut is awesome, but my favorite is definitely Visoška kronika (The Chronicle of Visoko) by Ivan Tavčar.
Also, I distinctly recall seeing that in some (wannabe
Haha i met an older guy from Scotland in a hotel who told me his name was "Wallen", after three days i realised his name is actually William
Gorenjska
The quotes in this article made me loose some of the respect for Amnesty International.
I just said that Christian values are very similar to european ones.
The "ex-Yugoslavs" have been here for decades and aren't model citizens.
[This] (PDF) is the best map around
* [Dormouse] in a few regions in the south.
I would say the ruling party is centre-right, SDS is just right.
WTF how is this legal in the 🇪🇺?!!!
I remember those sex education hours
..goes better with our history, like white wine goes better than red with fish :P Also less idealistic, but useful in way more contexts than the anthem :)
Gorenjska - jokes about stingy people
So you are a Muslim, but also a Slav - is that right?
That would probably be [Trbovlje] hate to people from Trbovlje)
Slovenia: Quarter of a century later.
The people are some of the nicest in the world, even if they don't speak one bit of English you will be able to have amazing talks as long as you're willing too
And the first album I really got into is entitled L'ordure A L'etat pur, and because my knowledge of French is like non-existent, I thought this meant something like The order of pure state or something, while it's actually something like Boils and zits (someone who knows French can correct me)
Correctly it’s “Sydneyjski” and “Johnu”. It’s not “Ferrari-ja” but “Ferrarija”!
Nine out of the last ten questions have been asked by 2 users.
> It's sad
There are only a few minor exceptions where the letter 'l' at the end of the word is pronounced like 'u'. So for example, the world chair is 'stol', but pronounced more like 'stou'. But such words are very few
How is this relevant in this sub
Yugoslavia
morska zvezda - sea star (starfish)
I just said we should be against it.
I went to [GCC] (Celje)
I also think people working in Gardaland are in general rude and unhelpful.
I include not only Trump peronally but also the movement he's the mouthpiece for.
- Gorenjska: Rude, stingy people, they love everything that is free, they always hike or do extreme sports
No one here is from Vietnam so we don't make it.
It only distracts us from real issues and feeds people who want to hear more anti-someone they hate news.
Indija Koromandija also perhaps
Perhaps
,right
In that case, the parent get a warning, and if they don't change their mind, the name remains and they get reported to social services
Yes it was quite an experience!
Placing significant political power in the hands of potential cannon fodder is another.
I don't want to destroy any country
I would know, I have 2, but am quite far from posh (we also don't live on a farm)
Valmala F
No, you sit down here and they come and take your order
We also have new town- Novo mesto
I like czech porn
That's just the curse of being mixed with "lesser/better peoples" you aren't accepted in either group
They even ask you if you want to take it with you
The most expensive one was a 120€ truck for my 10th birthday
What's the point of having parents if they don't raise your kids while you work?
Always a chance to learn a new language.
The referendum results themselves wouldn't change much of anything.
He thought it was a date and she kept telling him that slovenians can hang out with a different sex just fine
Forcing us to attend a pointless fucking sports event would likely result in a shitstorm of fights or worse.
I hate it, it’s too sour for me
Two Slovenian men are arrested after Facebook Live beating death
And why not use OUR einchent drawings of gods and stuf
If a student elects not to buy a book the money isnt used.
And this is clear from Italy's obesity rate and life expectancy
We did, in primary school already (not a lot though, just basic info)
Even if local goverment (this works on municipal lewel too) fucks up, you blame the higher goverment on not preventing it or not fixing it in time.
I mean I try to care as little as I can about this, but from my perspective you are making the leaked content look like it's not that big of a deal.
The closest example is Gorica/Nova Gorica
And of course, your comment is very well reasoned and not emotional at all.
Definitely Dubai of SE Asia, hands down
A week ago a whole retirement's home got infected so we have about 10 deaths now
I can't even why they decided against them
Why is he not in Hague for war crimes?
I keep repeating this to everyone - Either Poles speaking Spanish or Spaniards speaking Polish
Don't shift the burden onto other countries.
Took them fuckin long enough
But we still love you, so, see, anything can be overcome ;)
You are really doing your best to turn A Clockwork Orange into reality, aren't you?
Thank you Croatia for all the summer vacations, my childhood wouldn't be the same without you
Cukrček's got some good chocolate.
Summer time for sure
All of them
In Slovenia Murati 3,5€ and Marllboro 4,5€.
You think people should be punished for tweeting violent images?
I can't watch Aladdin in English because it's just meh compared to Italian version.
No organ
She just might be the least representative Slovenian out there.
Bruhanja vas (puking village)
Your name is Uncle Sam mate what are you on about
Yes, it really was the dirtiest I've ever seen.
I think the main thing that changed it for me was giving the classics like Avsenik and Slak a fair try
For you it was probably different
And nato is not United on this issue.
Well yeah, but it's not "green" as in environment friendly
Not that I can think of (unless it's slang)
I never met a guy who you describe.
The US exports to the EU make up 18% of US exports
> Eastern Europeans
There are two kind of countries in the world: those that use the metric system, and those that peaked in 1969
Exactly, we only deposed Khaddafi because a lot of countries owed him money for oil, and making him a tiran was the easiest way to justify it
Like my grandma, who says something "How far have we fallen, that things were better under rotten communism, than now".
Seems to me like a clear majority
Meteor, virus, earthquake
The difference is that it's wind-dried in the 'burja' wind which blows from the continent towards the coast.
I started learning it at when I was about 6, I' m 15 currently
While also in conflict with the biggest other communist state, namely China.
He seems pretty harmless, I'll pass.
but mostly because i think people are more and more unrepresented in politics.
Don't start a discussion about internal politics, religion, football, neighboring countries or Yugoslavia.
The prices increased
virtual goods have "value" because there is a demand for them
Love and support from Slovenia
I think I voted 'against the guy' twice during this time and it is likely I'll do it the next time, since the leadership during the pandemic is above even his average for absolutely atrocious
And i doubt foreigners can change their name here.
It's the only thing lacking, so it's a bit more than a start.
Fuck, did they have to make it this ugly?
Here this is very common
] Truly one of the greatest experiences
> Some other EU countries would never let it happen because they are afraid of similar referendums happening to them
Slovenia was already experiencing a not insignificant amount of emigration before that, and emigration was also very high during and after WW1, up to the 50s. With the exception of Ireland where population actually fell, Slovenia was the slowest growing European country in the 19th and first half of the 20th century
edit: ok, I googled it
There was an uproar a couple of years ago when a juvenile bear got into the park though
Becoming pretentious while living in France is really just integration.
High five
I mean it isn't *much* worse here it just is noticeably different.
It could be a "south vs north" thing.
I don't want to generalize and especially include the poster above you in this, but there is a strain of populism here that sees Trump as an actual good candidate because of basically the same issues and fears that the US electorate has.
Our rate in Slovenia was 239.64 tolars to €1 so we had to adjust to small numbers and the importance of little coins, but that was it.
Dude: *leans on counter* "What's up, do you fuck
Theres also favšija (informal version of zavist)
Can you tell me Ljubljana, Maribor and Koper's region
Its burning for 2h now and i dont think using helicopters would do more damage at this point
"....At the same time, this was also a period of the large Slovene exodus when almost half a million people left Slovene territory between 1870 and 1914
Just as I thought "Ugliest country of Europe" was this sub's rock bottom.
Good atmosphere here means singing and chanting in unison, something that sends shivers down your spine.
Everybody knew, what is going to happen, if Nokia won't adopt Android
There is hundreds of  buildings like that here that just lay there forgotten
But as long as they are given any sort of comfort, the rest will see that Europe is the place to be and come here in droves.
Only saw one example of this one with black crosses on route 409 near Planina
And all I see is Finns and Dutch fighting over who does better in various international stats ...
It's just the was you said it as if one was acceptable.
Macedonians Voting In Wake Of Wiretap Scandal
And also to Yugoslavia but that help was outside of Marshall plan
That is weird
A lot of Armenians if France and a lot of Armenians in Lebanon.
️ Fires
If you are ever in Slovenia, Prekmurje region, you need to have it
Arne and Sven, both present here for a few decades
Around Kočevje you have just pure wilderness for kilometers in every direction
So yes, you're getting seriously shafted...
I travel cross Europe yearly, from Slovenia to Sweden.
Well, is the matura dance really "for parents"? I thougt it was more like a fun last evening with your schoolmates
And the Balkans, generally
Slovenian son-in-law
It would be legal but unfortunatelly everyone wants their laws to get passed because they're being paid by diferent lobies
I checked ZootFly (developer) wiki page and was surprised as hell to see quite a few other games too.
No chip-and-PIN cards, but unsecure magnetic stripes
I'm not religious
The worst part was that if you came from a concentration camp you were likely to be shot as well as you were perceived as a nazi collaborator
one_and_twenty)
"To je kot Španska vas" - This is like a Spanish village to me is a saying when you have 0 knowlage about something
Purchasing alchohol at 18 is legal in most of europe, isn't it?
In the home people still drink normal coffee, but out you can only get an expresso variation.
Same with Moroccans or Chinese people.
But Ljubljana has Lek + chemistry and pharmacy faculties, which Novo Mesto doesn't have
If you weren't able to point an European country on a map, you were done.
I only understood maybe 5 words she said.
Yeah it is funny that in Trieste, there are a lot of neo-fascists
Tudi skladiščiš odpadke
I'm pleased to learn that in case we get hit by a tornado, get flooded or Germans march in it will take the mods couple of hours to review the post before others can see it.
The breadbasket of the country
r/unexpectedmontypython
Acurate: Slovens are emotionaly represed.
Nova Gorica was built as a modernist and socialist town as opposed to the old medieval one
And I know May is supposedly talking and Trump is listening, but Merkel just looks absolutely miserable here, trying to gain some semblance of control
Slovenia was among the poorer parts of Austria-Hungary and was less industrialized than a lot of other parts of the country.
the worst will come in 2 weeks
Žička kartuzija has been gaining in popularity.
Chad Serbia on the chart 3 times
I personally prefer Solze but Krst is based on a famous Slovene poem (by the sam guy who wrote another poem that would later become the Slovene national anthem) which talks about the war between pagans and Christians during the expansion of Christianity in Europe
OK sory, will not post local stuf anymore
This is great
It's not like we learned how to write or talk in 9th century Slovene, though.
:) It's been a long time since I worked on academic texts, but the one you posted seems to be too complicated and it doesn't quite get the message across
the plan is very unpopular here btw.
Learning grammar would be very hard, but possible
Slovenia's Q3 growth beats forecasts, Melania factor boosts tourism
Ah, I see you are a man of culture as well :)
No offense but I don't trust people who aren't citizens to vote
I've never experienced that and I doubt I ever will.
They are predominantly sunni afterall.
The first thing that our forreign affaires minister(?) did was invite the Hungarian one to visit
At least the equipment gets used round the clock and the hospital can spend the rent to buy even better equipment
Objectively she is of course better, but how did that clear bias from media and others who should be more or less neutral help her, if people don't trust their government then this will look fishy to them, at least that's how I look at it.
Stray dogs not really
A child is supposed to have **one** father and **one** mother, goddammit!!
Aw that's the sweetest thing anybody has ever said about Slovenia haha
-Religious Eastern Europe is Orthodox Christian
In my area maybe also Jager
Real estate is for own use and maybe some renting is probably the most common investment
~~Trst~~ Maribor (96 000) - the second largest city
Dis is not juropijn spelink
I hate it when people buy unnecessary plastic when they have clean water available
You don't have to drive for 10 hours or get on a plane to get from one part of the country to the other
Even before the accordion started to dominate, the fiddle was popular too, but today it remains mostly associated with Roma people and with the music of the Resia valley, which is extremely specific
Nowadays there's no nicknames afaik, maybe "little Austria"?
Traditional folk
Because most of Europe suffers from a falling birth rate and a rapidly growing number of old people.
There's a 'surprise party' when they come to put the pole up
I'd rather die than to deal with snow
There was 45 years of peace in between, you know?
However, the concept of sex remained unknown to me until puberty
I guess some think a president should have a permanent frown on his face.
I agree with this
But this time i know exactly what a constitution is.
siti = city (phonetically)
They care just as much as people around the world care.
Oh, and for a couple more weeks, we hold America by the balls
Religion - While still majority Catholic, they also have a strong Protestant presence and are considered to be the center of Slovenian Protestantism
Yeah, how do you feel about Libya?
Also *divja jaga* which is not a specific being but more like an occurrence.
Directly translates to "blacks". All fine and dandy until you reach the end of the town
sweden
Nah, you learn the alphabet right away.
Russians are in Transnistria on pecekeeping
Yeah, plenty of them in cities (big towns)
Lately are popular also other types of heating with wood like woodchips or pellets
Each grade has a lunch break after different period and it lasts 25 minutes
It might be different if you live in a house as opposed to a tenement building though
Croatians, on the other hand, mostly won’t speak slovene, as understanding croatian from slovene seems to be a one way street
Tärke peeske paranossa ajsko töre terehi
I can't wait for bikes and pedestrians to take over cities and kick dem cars out for once
Ponos: Proud in Slovenian ; ponos/понос diarrhea in Russian (V meni je ponos / у меня понос)
Nothing
Lindsey Vonn looks very American to me.
Title clearly states sex ratio, not gender ratio.
They generally don't rule terribly well, there is a generaly lack of foresight and ideas with them, also they get themselves into scandals pretty fast, so for the next electrion, a new party is formed again to take him on
We were already under Austria in Austro-Hungary, so we've got a lot more western influences in us than all the other balkan countries that were under Hungary
But only with family members
The older generations might hold some grudges by default, but noone has problems with the italian minority living here (as far as I know).
Hope you're not expecting any snow.
Nothing weird, both countries are in schengen-which means there is no border control.
I'm team walnut usually, but I love that one too.
There was initially also talk about a potential sell off of a shareholder slice in Luka Koper, but there was no talk about this later on
I know of a couple, but they are rare enough to make you turn and recheck if you saw correctly
It may be more of a small nation thing though.
Kralj Matjaž
And the average Slovenian understands English better than plenty of our dialects
to disrespect our language is the greatest sin of them all!
We're too small even for a number
He's not completely sane, he claims all his ancestors up to 1600 were Estonian.
Oh absolutely
I'm amazed they even use *public* transport
Christians
million = milijon
But city of Izmir could defiently be European...
Yeah but you have to consider that's *on top* off all the nations' own bureaucracies
lol posts communists subreddits.
The speaker just sounds normal.
What about race dogs like galgos, lurchers, podencos and greyhounds?
We've got like 3 in total lol
From American chain restaurants we only have McDonalds, 1 Burger King and 1 Subway.
We still have the tracks build from Austro-Hungarian times without much improvements
edit2: This is for major (round) birthdays or round wedding anniversaries, nor normal 'family gatherings', obviously
Idk, it's a silly idea thinking about it.
I'm not sure what rules we got about gas stations, except that they work and are crazy busy on Sundays now that almost everything else is closed
Westerners usually use "Balkan" in a derogatory manner, so it can trigger some nasty reactions
But Slovenia is totally Balkani.**
Right if you say so then it must be right.
"To je pa češko" - "That's Czech" : it is not particularly well made or it looks off, but generally functional
Dutch sounds funny to us anyway, so it works.
More or less all of our history
So when something isn't going your way for long enough, you "bring home the troops" instead of finishing what you started
Žganje is not the same as rakija
No, this is where we pile on the hipsters.
This is splendid
Ideally, nobody would fear the EU because we'd use military might to crush them
Although Novo Mesto and Kočevje are in the red here
I went to bed that night and told my parents, “Considering today was Friday 13th, it was a very good day and nothing bad happened
Hey I got a kosovo passport stamp and now I can say I’ve been to kosovo
Its the leader of the free world visiting a NATO and EU member, aq supporter of Kijev and Kosovo.
Sounds like something Brits would benifit of it disapered from supermarket shelves.
We have most tranplanted hearts per capita in the world and and we have very good results in liver tranplantations.
There's no roads from the UK to anywhere driving on the right so this isn't a problem.
Now, when will that happen, I've no clue.
Austria would be fine, too
There are no border crossings and the only thing telling you you're in Slovenia will be a road sign.
Slovenia passes law allowing migrant border pushbacks
German probably in some fields.
Then there is my dialect which makes it harder for me to speak "clean" Slovene than English
I do wonder what kind of crazy ass suspension did the chariots driving over this have
I'd prefer the EU to be just some sort of overall framework and give more decision power to regions instead of countries.
Nah, as long as they don't got near /u/Schraubenzeit's cellar, they should be fine.
That would probably be [Trbovlje] hate to people from Trbovlje)
I once used Diners for an online purchase and it was recognized as Discover.
The last thing we need is more influence and more orders from Brussels bureaucrats.
That's why almost every game I devise, has a bean-based monetary system, where their power is directly linked to amount of beans they have
In Slovenia, the less the locals have to think about what they're doing when you're around, the more accepted you'll be
THANK YOU
In France I know it's called Panache.
+ lower efficiency and quality, staff is paid thru a rigid pay-bracketing system regardless of the quality of service, they are overworked because there is not enough money for new hiring (see one point above) meanwhile private practices take the time for throughout examination and procedure to insure costumer satisfaction
ELF EMMIT( digital headband that releases harmless electromagnetic pulses that encourage your brain to work in sync with your preferred state of mind)
How is the sex life in these cold and dark places?
Ideally, they'd fear the EU because we wouldn't HAVE TO use military might to crush them, because a crushed economy is every bit as painful
I understand why foreign power leaking this information upsets you, especially because it was also released with a clear intention, but that doesn't change the importance of it and that it's the truth given to the Americans, but again with a clear intention.
They are like mini-Oktoberfests with one or two tents and a few rides.
You are also forgeting the Bulgars were a turcic tribe.
We also have January 1st and 2nd as New years holiday
It's so easy
Soča river valley, Škocjan caves if we're going by natural beauty
Whats your opinion on Putins visit to Slovenia.
Powerwolf is amazing, and I just started listening to Rammstein and I can't stop listening to them
Kids that were stealing were also usually the ones who skipped school the most and huffed most glue.
Would PoC break trade relations with all of the EU
Yup, but that just means that you can't use the origin of the name to justify whose the city is, since it predates both
The people that complain that the US meddle in other countries are the same people who call for the US to "do something" when there are reports of crisis in the news.
All I am saying is there is nothing surprising here.
Most of the people here are men - though aid agencies say there are significant numbers of teenagers among them, some of whom would be classed as unaccompanied minors.
It's time to BAN TRUCKS across the EU!
That was fast
Pretty much most of the time unless they english is very good
The initial plan was actually to continue building the highway towards the next town on the sea coast itself, thus destroying its natural beauty and touristic potential
I think that's Venetian architecture.
> In Italy we often joke about reconquering Istria and in particular the city of Fiume (Rijeka, Croatia)
Fajn trgovina
Haha just wanted to say that
Certainly not seen like that
dogija = doggie (phonetically + case ending)
I believe he went by the name of Adolf...
Ok so you have a house with a shiny rooth with a few holes.
brat/sestra (bother/sister)
I most often get asked this by Americans who are visiting Croatia/Slovenia
I think it's what makes us great (thanks Trump for ruining that word forever)
If you have a bigger city those arguments could make sense but in a town that small literally everyone has ties to some sort of farming, even if on a smaller scale
I know this is of topic but Ljubljana needs only around 5
He's probably feom ljubljana
Ali pa jim subvencionirati njihovo električno omrežje, glede na našo grožnjo
How many of austria is muslims?
Because I know she doesn't have a passport or driving license for example, since they're issued in her name
Carantania alone consisted of basically all of Styria and Carinthia plus East Tyrol, and southern parts of Lower and Upper Austria
So people go to Austria to get their swedish furniture.
Seriously the balkan sometimes...
You should check out [this blog] by an American who hiked in Slovenia.
I'd understand if they limited the overall capacity a train can have but just saying 'lol don't sit together' is kinda ridiculous
Czechs also occupy mountain huts for weeks without leaving.
Threw them in pits aand that’s it, they died there
It is only weerd if you nolonger live in the USSR.
Probably my favourite museum in my country is the [WW1 museum in Kobarid] It is showing about a front that is often ignored in history and in general
Well you didn't disclose if those 1,000€ were net or gross for the good people of Reddit, so I did that for you.
I've seen quite a few
Was up like 15min before it happened because my cat woke me up to feed him
Turkish
If some of these were autonomuos, it might be chaotic or even local dictatorships (in the smaller municipalities, some mayors dont get changed)
I live close to the capital and the prices have shot up like nobodies business
Therefore it would be a hindrance if there was a broken down truck or something on a hard shoulder while it was being used as an emergency corridor
Different sizes, colours, designs.
I've seen redditors with Hezbollah flairs cheering Trump ffs.
(Since the "emigrating to Congo" is sort of our expression encompassing the same feeling)
how's your cabbage harvest this year going?
I'd have much more time if I browsed less internet, but it is pretty pleasantly recharging to do along with a coffee after lunch
World Bank broke own rules as coalmine left Kosovo village 'in limbo' |
From what I can find on the internet, it's *Luna*, both linguistically and scientifically
Because hungry people are much more likely to turn to communism, i.e. invite the Red Army for a visit
To elaborate on this, železnica means "the iron thing" (female)
[Ne ourji, ne sejaj] is my favourite.
You realize the EU economy alone is as large as the US one
Not just plain breadcrums
Oh I agree, I would love that
They could be persuaded much easier because they don't have to understand the language, so they wouldn't have all the sources available about who they're voting for
Im pretty sure they have shown js they do.
Now i suppose it also depends what counts as sexual exploitation, someone touching your leg isnt a sexual exploit but some people might view it as such
The second one still rustles my jimmies when I remember it and I wish I'd said something
Hitler was treating the jews and gypsies as unwanted peoples and pretty much promised to at the very least send them off to concentration camps from day one.
fen - hair dryer
So, can we just at least fucking agree that Red Army was a good guy for Russians, Belarussians and a part of Ukrainians?
Pet volkov (five wolves) - notice no "i" at the end
>Paris’ deputy mayor says Notre Dame’s organ, among the world’s most famous and biggest, remains intact after a devastating fire at Paris’ main cathedral
Martin is a very popular holiday here.
Well, traveled trough western Hungary and it was quite hilly here and there
And 🇷🇺 nolonger recognised the Hague court.
Lažeš, kradeš, bolhe ješ, v šolo hodiš, nič ne veš!
Like supermarker brands [1] [2] and [Lidl milk]
IDK but on wiki article u added I can see croatia dyed with red and light blue stripes.
Are there any museums or guided tours
People are overreacting like crazy over Trump.
And we have a lot of craft breweries and their beer is fantastic.
It's countries themselves that decide on whether they'll close the borders or not.
Those signs are all ower the so called repubčic of Croatia, if you stick to the road youll be fine.
The United States built their national identity upon the concept of colonization of "untamed land", of expansion into the wild nature and its subjugation to the will of men
Like sanctions, economic war, rades, actual war...
Imagine if half of EU required visas for Russians, while the other half didn't. How would that work
Saj v vprašanju ni rečeno, da mora biti živ.
Writen in the only english language online news source for slovenia?
Overall if you look on beaches there is probably something like 10% average on a given time
American/Slovenian here
We're net recipients, though just barely and a couple of good years or another low-gdp-capita member would likely push us across into the net contributor range
Osimo I
We were hundreds of years under German rule, there had to be some consequences
Here the despute is ower worcable feelds and fishable seas.
especially as they unified platforms now.
Though much fewer people think about our national color in the first place
For Slovenia i would recomend Outsider
"And how will presidential system stop terrorism?"
It's raining 90% of the time
Can't imagine what will happen now that they will rome the whole of europe.
[Narodnozabavni rock]
Fun for the whole family
Unless you don't have a heart you WILL throw it in the right box, it just makes you, that's how in order it is.
I thought it was a last name
Similair here but not that luxurious.
It's not like we rationally hate the people now, obviously we moved on from it but I've personally never heard anything good about the Turks growing up
Usually when talking about them to someone else
No more shall foes, but neighbours be
Never heard her speak Slovenian.
The parliament legislated that a further half of the cost of the Cathedral would come from the state.
Unemployment rates 2,5 times over what they were in the early 90s, relying on foreign aid, and being recognized as a independent country by half of the world.
If you want a Slovenian beer, drink a Laško.
Are there different track gauges though
Slovene names and family names.
He not only made Slovenian an official language he also made Ljubljana the capital of the Illiric Provinces
I remember these comics being the first thing I was reading after learning to read
The media is still prety anti communist and anti protectionist.
And in some more rural hamlets where they couldn't afford a bigger church they are used as a place for holding mass.
For reference, the air pressure is about 100 kPA.
and would set the bottom wage at €707.60 a month
but hey, at least they defended their country against communists /s
I mean, they won't shun you or make your life harder, but you'll always be a stranger
I speak English only online or when I talk to a foreigner (or I am visiting a different country)
26th here is Independence and Unity Day.
Mmmm ni je čez Ljubljano
In Ljubljana, Slovenia, the city center is closing for cars, but there are new big parking lots outside of the center, right next to the highway exits, where you can take a bus or rent a bike
From what I hear from a bunch of black Portuguese I trust, they're quite adamant that Portugal is racist AF towards people from former African colonies at the very least
It's basically smoked or fresh minced bacon.
So US tends to go around it by asking for extradition on different crime, one that carries no death penalty, and then expanding the charge once they have them
Summer sports really should be kept in summer
He was just a bit more diplomatic.
Well you got rid of Vietnam, that's something.
It was the same (still is?) here.
Even on the internet I haven't seen anyone poke at their accent
I'm sure He'll be happy to discuss His intentions with you before he condemns you to eternal hellfire.
It formats it as a numbered list.
Idk if it will be open by the time you'll be in Europe, they're planning to open [Trbovlje chimney] for tourists.
Some of them drop basically all unstressed vowels :D
The water part evaporates, the sticky part remains!
I see that our foresters have resorted to growing lens flares to fund their deficit.
They're in all the supermarkets here as well.
Russian diplomat: Kosovo demonstrates its functional non-viability as state
I can't really say because there's really no easy way to identify people with lenses.
Wouldn't "gdje ideš" mean "what path/road are you taking to get there"?
I feel like I need to give the recipe for this makowki thing to my pastry dealer
Indeed, the glory days of Armenia ruling Ukraine were over
I like some of your finish movies.
Turkic and Uralic languages are related.
I may be wrong with the translation or the example, but I grew up saying that
That's true with a lot of his maps.
Nowhere have I seen greater concentration of absolutely stunning women than in Tallinn.
I was listening to her when i was like 6 and when I looked back at 10 to songs like Clown House or something similar i was really suprised
WTF, thanks for teaching me something about my own country, didn't know that & now I feel stupid.
Eggs are always stored in fridge but they are sol in stores outside of them
To clarify, I live in the north west, in the Alps, and boy do I miss my winters with -10 in November, with piles of snow by mid December and a winter breeze that feels like litle razors caressing your cheeks
There's literally just one group that meets all the criteria, that I've named in both of my posts
kalcete = socks (chiefly in Primorska)
Of course why wouldnt we
[The castle] is the main one
Can confirm, I don't understand a single word of Polish
PM is appointed, and then confirmed by parliamentary vote, which becomes important once the party who wins the election can't form the government because nobody wants to form coalition with it (see the Netherlands after the next elections).
What if an aqueduct crosses a dry ravine
I remember it
Nowadays the word caries about the same connotation as comrade does in english and only old mummies at commemoration ceremonies call each other tovarishes..
Ah, seems like a lot of you didn't understand the reference
"Ne afne guncat" and "ne se afnat" is very widespread
Its a hang ower from the visa times, and it will stay until these countries join the EU
Pet volkov (five wolves) - notice no "i" at the end
overtook Nokia with their Android phones, Nokia knew better: There's no money in Android
We do have a few villages where cities are basically divided by two
Slovenes, who only achieved independence and the right to vote in 1991,
I would say we also consider our poets and writers as heroes
austerity basicly tells you that you’re alone and can fuck off and die
slovenes like to make fun and list 4 languages known as bosnian, serbian, croatian and montenegrin, which are basically...i didnt say anything^^
since the crackdown on grey economy with mandatory fiscal cash registers things have gotten better.
So yeah, will be very bad
So no voice . That would matter if EU would pass something and then in negotiations demand UK follows
Instead look up safer countries like Slovenia, Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro, BiH, Macedonia, Poland, Czekia, Slovakia...
61 km (1h24) = 5
What about cellar Jokes
That video is just another clickbait, that regurgitates facts and "facts" about the city that every other blogger posted about the city before
Which is many times better than the previous translation of Bogataj
Yugoslavia got it back after WW2.
We watch them because they're funny and what else are we supposed to watch?
It's [Alan Ford] edit: it's the comics entry.
Slovenia president in Iran to enhance ties
We sometimes call you gypsies with a passport
Did you just insult my alt-etymology skills?
Nice reach for Algerian voters.
Most Famoso sentence there is ""[Etjè bi det naš ne səgréšil, tè u weki jèmu bè žíti,...]" which would be translated in moderen slovene as ""Če bi ded naš ne grešil, bi mu v veke bilo živeti"- "If our grandfather had not sinned, he would have lived forever
Idk where are you from, you don't have a tag next to your name
To much national based animosety.
Important human right - Freedom of religion
You know we live in shitty times when my first reaction was: Cmon, not this shit again
The dark side of the front page
Militarisation is simply a reaction to the security threats.
We don't have that but every building has 3 different trash bins and one of them is for packagings and plastic bottles
I'd say only in the countryside.
Private tutors normally just help students with bad grades and are normally just some university students or older students from higher classes
Maybe its different in the eastern part
I've also been making a point of visiting some part of Slovenia every year for part of the annual break, usually some 4-5 days
Hiking is very popular in Slovenia
Oof, hits close
Also the fact that we could go to Austria and Italy to buy things is actually a plus
Everybody here writes about silly food names or tiny linguistic details, but Slovenians still have too much WW2 baggage
I actually grew up by watching italian synced anime, which made my childhood kind of multicultural, a weird slovene-italian-japanese blend
Presuming American products would also disappear from the face of the Earth, a lot of my stuff would be gone.
A guy tried to scam (I guess you could call it that) a schoolmate of mine when he put a bracelet on his wrist and expected him to pay for it - of course without the kid asking for it in the first place
Pipes in my current building are all plastic, at least internally I can't say anything about further down the line.
"worse" also bosnia and serbia probably
The Triglav National park, the only national park in Slovenia (the rest are positioned lower on the hierarchy of parks - 3 regional and 40 landscape parks) is accesible by a regular bus that drives from the capital through several other cities and to the villages inside the national park.
However, I hope the situation stabilizes before the summer
-nik
Doesn't talk about his problems.
Lake Bled is everywhere
The ruling is the goal, not ruling well
Veverica
Our best known band is the forefather of industrial music Laibach
History teacher, ~~grammar school~~ gymnasium: "Upon taking the German throne after reunification, the Prussian king Friedrich Wilhelm IV changed his title to Wilhelm I". They were two separate fucking people, dimwit
Reminded me of this German gem:
We have a yearly [March along barbed wire] to celebrate liberation of Ljubljana
*interesting* experience coming out of the airport in Copenhagen and there were a lot of people at the exit waving small danish flags, looking a lot like what a reception for some VIP would look like here
If you will stay within the Schengen Area (which includes most of Europe, e.g.
For a faraway or a remote place, we use the phrase "behind God's back' (Bogu za hrbtom)
It WAS called a 'migrant wave'.
When I got home I wanted to write to St Andrews mayor or whatever they have, that's how bad it was
Ethnicity and nationality are not the same.
That's why I picked an approximation.
Just today I've read a column about, how we're one of the few countries without extreme right.
When you have friends like the USA and the UK you don't need enemies.
Cant exelarate if your life depends on it.
Or eurovision
It's easier to just type in "Driving in sunshine" or something when I'm going to another city.
The French like to protest and strike, nothing new realy.
With all this women's rights marches going on, do you feel women lack any rights in your country?
Oh that explains a lot lol
From then I didn't even bother with English and stuck to Slovene
The border communities are also quite intertwined despite it being a Schengen border.
Wow, if this thing comes to Slovenia, I'm going to commit seppuku
I don't know whether they grow in the wild here.
Though we don't call it Brösel
Others usually have some sort of tacos where they stuff it with everything they got and it's the only choice you have and it gets gross really quick.
Bad start, good ending
We have been reminded yesterday.
Considering various factors, I imagine my quality of life would decrease if I moved to Germany for example.
Oh shut the fuck up Slovak
Do you believe in one or more god(s)?
Given your fascination with the Russian language, I will suggest you learn it.
You can't go wrong with any of these in Slovenia
I've heard that some curriers just chuck the package over the fence or something, but I've never experienced that
You mean by laws and law enforcement, or regular people?
That's why my grandma made me sleep by an [oven]
While walking around souks they kept inviting my mom and cousin in back alleys.
No, Ferragosto is just a few days holiday around Assumption of Mary on August 15th.
In a situation where the EU and Russia (and presumably all the countries in between) are bonding this much, the US would literally have to declare war on all of Europe + Russia
**hrepenenje** (desire) - comes from the word “krepeneti” (to become hard), which is related to “krepak” (strong)
Expect of Austrian to first jump on the racism train.
Last november they measured -7°C in the morning and +21 during the day.
Cooperation and conflicts among world religions
It's even hard to find a good one elsewhere in Slovenia, much less abroad
For instance, in winter we'll go skiing to Austria for a day once or twice per month.
What would the world look like today if he was accepted
But everyone does get very creative with their pronunciations of Ljubljana
That's why we speak it only if we really have to
I need a good drinking buddy after class
The Italian one you linked is comming out in 2019
My boy Janša reading out the super chat I see
In democracies there are way more subtleties than in dictatorships
Otherwise you won't recover for decades from this mess.
I now want to move to your street
Replacing the red not the blue
Which means we do pretty much everything.
morska zvezda - sea star (starfish)
I bet the GDP chart looks very similar, just with the time scale stretched and the colors reversed
I'd say my country (Slovenia) is a nice mix of both approaches, but I'd be hard pressed to single one country out.
Corporations try to sell spoiled baby formula to Africans and try to limit the access to water.
I have and I've edited my comment but you probably replied just as I was doing it and you missed it.
Sure the Marković years, when our economic policies were set by the IMF (basically the same thing that happened to Greece with Troika), were really really bad, and obviously socialism seems like it was doomed after the end of oil crisis
Probably 2014 ice storm
How do you call northeren part
- Severus Snape - Robaus Raws
It's called a tax *haven*, not a tax *heaven* and definitely not a tax paradise.
if you have any specific questions, go ahead and drop in on r/slovenia
I do not know how strange it is this, but it is definitely unusual
There is 1 KFC in the whole country so pretty much non existent
And I would say that my municipality can be considered rural
We had expanded classes
jump on you back and force you to carry him until you die of exhaustion.
just no
Firstly, I regard this tunnel a massive urban planning mistake, as the highway is just one former regular road that was tansformed in a 4 lane highway that cuts the town in half, a unique example of this kind of genius in Slovenia
Yes, yes
They didn't sell cookies or anything like that (neither did the scouts)
Exactly my point
The delivery guy calls you (you always have to provide the phone number) to come outside, or to get instructions if someone else is going to take the packet
2 - dve
When I was visiting Romania and went to the store, I understood what plenty of food items are, because very similar words
There's also doughnuts covered in chocolate filled with vanilla.
I didn't know there's also a movie.
u/vredditdownloader
That's what the EU strives for.
We're small enough for that to influence elections
I buy sparkling water in bottles (reusable glass ones), but otherwise tap water all the way
We have the alway popular Udbomafia, the communist conspiracy..
Do you live somewhere where there are no hills or something?
Even politically it was more important for us than Ljubljana.
Donald met her parents in Bled.
We also don't know what did this "Roman Emperor" rule mean, how much control did they have over our affairs, and when did it end.
So in theory, nobody will check him when travelling to Paris & Amsterdam.
I remember arguing with the fellow because he didn't believe refugees could commit a terrorist attack.
I feel like Western nations often vastly underestimated what they get from EU.
I know many people who watch it on TV.
They have been led to believe that you have to constantly fight everyone for what "is right" but what is right is very up to interpretation
Stop moving the goal posat and deal with the truth.
Not a big fan of potica in the first place, but raisins make it better
Are you some kind of amateurs or something?
Isnt apple the most mocked brandm
Prekmurje was my favourite to date, but Bovec is another fantastic destination
Read a lot about kvas before that and didn't want to miss the opportunity but I'm not sure if it's the real stuff.
The thing is, technically it's not a marriage but a "partner relationship".
I’m an etymology buff, so I love words that have a very interesting origin
Average Slovenian would be a decent, hard-working man.
As for Balkans - that makes more sense even though it's kind of like being a child of a black and a white parent - not really one or the other but almost always considered black, so it's begrudgingly accepted, but then in most contexts the things that are said about the Balkans don't really apply
This covid19 crysis really did just turn into a giant IQ test conducted on the whole population of the entire world all at once
Wow look at all the different types of weed
uhhhhhhh, what
Slovenia adds water to constitution as fundamental right for all |
Elaborate on how the rate of our minimum wage is a 'failed policy'?
I think you may get sued for child support anyway.
So we have Americans messing up "their/they're/there" and "could/would/should of". What's the most common British grammar mistakes
(Yeah, I know he didn't win
Styria (Štajerska) was also influenced by German culture a lot and was settled by many Germans.
Yes, we are Slavic, but culturally we are much closer to Austria and other Central European countries
I used to refer to them as *moj tastar*/*moja tastara* a lot when I was in my teens
And I am sure no Germans ever voice their opinion on their country's interior politics although they have no idea what they're talking about, and refuse to be educated.
Made me laugh, fall out of my chair and break a few bones.
One could say that you'll ride like the emperors of old did.
Spanish
However, two boats decided to continue through the spillway despite warnings and the fact that the construction site was off limits for unauthorized personnel
When Turkey shot down Russian plane, that was attacking Turkish headcutters, NATO publicly declared they stand behind Turkey
And it also snowed in some parts today
I think you're talking to a chocolate snob who thinks that chocolate should have cocoa content of at least 99.99%
Understanding people from Prekmurje is just so difficult it's ridiculous, I really appreciate them talking in standard Slovene when around others
What i ment to say was do they make black plates newly or do they recycle old ones.
In language we are unique among Slavs with similarities in both south and slightly less west Slavic languages
of disrespecting our alcohol maybe.
Lahko sem kjerkoli, kadarkoli in te ubijem na preko 700 načinov in to samo z mojimi golimi rokami.
I can't find better statistics by day than [this] [Police page] doesn't work for some reason.
Yes, my co-worker who has family in Bosnia told us we have to order 'pita' not burek when we went on a trip to Bosnia
I like Yugoslavia
EDIT: LPT: If you're searching for restaurant reviews online as a tourist, sorting by language and selecting Italian is generally the way to go -- Italians know good food
How comon are political arguments based in WW2 in your country?
In school they were too busy talking about Slovenia, so they just glossed over Montenegro...
This thread is for things Europe related.
Between the austrian and hungarian part of the empire.
One have quite a well known vegan farm and they always have tons of visitors.
a - but
Sometimes international diplomacy requires hostile acts.
But i have no idea whether I or one of my brothers would get the court job
Slovene is not the same as nationality.
I would love to see, in a generation or two, Russia in the EU.
I have from some american students who were studying here, I appreciated their effort a lot, even though they absolutely butchered the pronounciation.
Makes sense, I guess
I managed to collect them from 8 different countries so far
And all these diverse cultures influenced us
Defence Minister of Slovenia: We are close to reaching NATO target
[This one] is interesting
I don't know what it is with history teachers
I don't like it if they stay too long
I would try to buy it beforehand, so not to waste time.
Welfare for unemployed people is 260€ per month.
Goddamn Croats, Serbs and Bosniaks coming here with all the delicious food thinking we could resist, I blame you for making us a bunch of fatties.
We had rabbit quite often growing up but I think most people get it from someone they know, not buy it in a supermarket, at least that's my experience
We have Philosophy in gymnasiums
Live from Slovenia
At least that part is not too terrible
I don't know much about that region at all
Why do we do this to eachother?
Apparently 45 cents per litre
Ok, it's only my family then
My mom's household also pays bills late, especially water, even if she is doing well financially
Unsettling shit
"To throw out of office" means something different in Czechia.
Both words are derrived from German (knedl - Knödel and češplja - Zweschpen)
I know a guy who always does this super posh and super obvious wannabe british accent when he speaks English.
Whoever sees that as apropriate for making a stereotype out of it is pretty dumb.
Like food
We went with school and were done in half an hour.
Seriously it's the same shit in every country, they mean as much as Youtube and Facebook comments.
I remember hearing about this on QI years ago.
Švedska and Švica in Slovenian
a - but
I think a flat colour for the background wouldn't work that well
More specialisation, earlier.
There is a chainsaw throwing competition
Not the preherser to the internet.
And traditional culture is, as you've said traditional.
When people can't tell the difference between spelling and grammar, you really can't have faith in humanity.
You could jump 2 social classes with that pay and made the future of your family very nice
Holy shit this is one of the best pictures I've seen on here
Type of high school
That's BS
I miss the basque country more than him
Because it would not be polite to not say it
But if goverment provides this to woman, it should also provide it to men.
That's english's thing
but hey, at least they defended their country against communists /s
Half of her instagram posts are showing off gucci, LV and other shit like that
But on r/Slovenia I saw neon genesis Evangelion opening but it was Janez Janša lol
Yep we have them in apartment buildings and I think under some hills.
Holy shit, this city has twice the population of my city and 1/6 of its area.
That increases here meme factor by 300%.
apart from his political views
It's the only way to control who goes in or out
i found out later
Wait times and the amount of money the state has to direct to it on top of all contributions by the workers
He pulls them out of, idk where, his ass?
I fully support any willing republics membership in this Union.
The Authonomous Region of Kosovo is part of Serbia.
TIL
We also have some Sinti in Upper Carniola.
The Slovene equivalent of chavs (we call them čefurji - certain thuggish characters, children of ex-Yu immigrants) don't do that, either.
There is also some truth to that because of how alcohol gets digested/transformed inside the liver
not all EE countries have bad relationship with Russia.
And if I'm opposed to him voting, then it would be hypocritical if I reserved that right for me.
No shouting in public unless absolutely necessairy, no talking to strangers, even smalltalk is, at least in Slovenia, just a way to make yourself unpopular and annoying
For me Italy, France, all German speaking countries, the Netherlands, all of Balkans and some Eastern Slav countries
Ah we will just wait onto next elections, Denmark will be conservative in no time ;).
Plonkec (v. plonkati) probably comes from German *blank sein*
The missing data: I'd say Slovenia is dark red as well
But English does make that distinction, so you should make it too when writing in English.
Let me get my driving license now and a passport
A local showed us 2 euro beers during a happy hour (Serbia vs France at basketball)
Will they ever be recognozed by the international comunety?
Hmm, I'm not sure if townsfolk back then were more sociable, if he mostly photographed his acquaintances or there really is something special to tipping one's hat, be it a flat cap, a bowler or a fedora
They topple whole governments, block reforms and yet they remain somewhat under the radar of the average citizen
They all talked about how it's on thin ice and they have values and standards and demands, and of course Janša has broken all of them and yet not a single party has left the coalition (which would be enough to dissolve the government) since they're all too pussy to do it and lose their comfy government positions
Our education systems seem very similar.
This is fairly liberal site with even more liberal Subreddit.
I know a Blatnik, Hribernik, Potočnik and a Veršnik personally (more than one of each actually), the rest are probably more common in some other region but they "sound" correct :)
Just comparing the Macedonian and Slovenian deaths will give you a good picture of that (\~90,000 Slovenian and less than 7,000 Macedonian)
We used to have a lot of American cartoons (Looney toons, Road runner...).
No, and I personaly think it's silly the way US worships them.
Denk is a far left populist movement
And then probably Dutch, for no other reason, then I like it
I don’t really think that my personality changes as much as I just appear more that way
Platforms though
It's not Eastern/Western divide, it's cultural divide.
I know they do it in Gorenjska, but possibly elsewhere too, maybe under different name, I don't know.
[Take a look at this map.] It's creepy how the old borders transpire.
Good point
Yes I know, that's why I pointed it out (the audible similarity between rzygać and rigati and how they mean different things).
They aew wery pro albanian there.
It's an American military thing.
What
Sretan dan državnosti, bračo srbi
IDK why some people think he looks childish here
Does that make ma Croatian
It's beutiful really
Well, who doesn't want to get a girl that they fancy wet
Fun fact: if the referendum had been binding, the electoral commission's findings would have invalidated it
George built not far from the dragon’s hideaway and a town was soon built around the church
Now that's unfortunately not realistic, but the members of the union should at least treat each other with that kind of respect
On beaches with more young adults, I'd say the number is up to 5 out of 100, still I'd say half of those just lay on their stomach not really showing anything
But we squandered it
Common sense
The castle was built first and the royal family wanted a private airport for themselves
I'm sure some people can be jerks but for the most part i think people can act considerately to others
Google Translate:
I sleep for about 7h per night, which is not as much as I'd like, but good enough
This things, at least in my area, are usually held at farm tourism places (kmečki turizem) or a 'gostilna' (a family owned type of restaurant)
There are no exclusively non-German schools in Austria, and the minority language is only taught as a second language in the respective areas.
Yes, seeing some parts of the US firsthand can be pretty sobering.
Wait times and the amount of money the state has to direct to it on top of all contributions by the workers
It's so depressingly accurate you have no choice but to change POW
I was in Bratislava in early August and i stopped at Meštiansky pivovar too - good food i must say, first time i ate non-savoury meat
Also bread with butter and marmelade or butter and honey.
From now on, this is my favourite map to look to, everytime I'll be sad, I'll just look on the map and feel joy, because Slovenia is the same colour, as the western Europe
Both languages form a kind of dialectal continuum I think.
Well you are in very good company then
They weren't criminals, don't you get??
I will never forget the smell of those tents.
Of course, it left a lot of Slovenes on the other side of the border.
It doesn't mean the US are bad or evil
edit: although, Luna is also a female name
We have [something similar] but with youth choirs only.
Isn't it just simple logic to use a bigger unit.
NOKIA lumia phones fampus for having GLONAS sold cheeper than comparable devices for example.
With so much passion and poise.
When it comes to economy, they are all free market liberals, but that's really the case with many if not most parties of today.
Luckily
It's exaggerated
First you have 28 countries that are members of the EU sorted by alphabet (Slovenian, bite me) then you just have the rest of the countries in Europe, excluding the micro-states.
Nothing that I know of :I
Which makes all situations very difficult and de-escalation unlikely since the UK made the first step in alienating itself by rejecting core EU values
As long as unemployment is as low as it is nothing will happen.
And do you disrespect their democratic proces?
Most of my generation learned by watching the italian TV
Apparently socks and sandals are the new hipster thing
Thanks
edit: spelling
Like speed limit for buses or weight limit for trucks.
Well, it's not just the rate hike, ECB announced last week it will be printing more.
Za hisami - > zad za his - > behind the houses
to be fair, any coastal city is overrun by tourists in the summer.
In Slovenia, you can change your name and you don't need a reason.
Imagine The greatest country you have ever seen.
Third, the Western Allies didn't owe us anything
"volka" / "volkova" (this unequivocally means two wolves, even with no number in front of the word),
Imo, some of the Sicilian cities take the cake for the ugliest city, but that's only my opinion
We have Nova Vas too
This video is about Transnistria, not Moldova proper, but it should still give you a good clue:
While Rupnik was lying to himself that he was helping the people by joining the enemy, Globočnik didn't even think of himself as Slovene and was already with the nazis before they even took power in Germany.
Do I have to give only 1 opinion?
At that time we will not need trains anymore, probably
I kind of don't want it, since it will badly affect our furniture makers
This is provided by school
Nothing better than a kebap after a long night out.
We are central Europe
We learnt about Kurdistan, Kasmir, Tibet...
Would "grammar school" be an appropriate term
Major factories like Iskra and Sava are located here
All employers need to pay "malica" to workers
I find it very relevant right now, too
I know of a couple, but they are rare enough to make you turn and recheck if you saw correctly
Imagine what it would take to get an openly atheist person elected president in the US for example.
There have been some talks about it here in the past but nothing since.
Grožnje zaveznicam RS so grožnje nam in naši interesni sferi
There's a difference between writing a comment from an obscure reddit account and publicly calling in a way that may actually provoke someone to act on it.
Portuguese is either Spanish people trying to speak Polish or Polish people trying to speak Spanish
They're definitely closer culturally than Afghanistanis (if I give an extreme example), but still not the same
I even met millennials with less then satisfactory computer skills and they grew up with them
Our capital city is sometimes reffered to as "swamp" and it's residents as "frogs", because the city was built over a bog.
I am not familiar with any problems concerning the Slovene diaspora, but I do agree that it is not just non-European immigrants that are the problem - our non-assimilated population comes from former Yugoslavia.
My length of beard is so rare that I have been stoped on the street and asked if they can take a photo multiple times already
Brno was a popular new year party destination a decade ago for many Slovenian students
You sound like you are just looking for an excuse to be outraged.
If it's not translated into English, someone should do it ASAP.
I have never ate burek with anything else but cheese.
Probably Paris or Amsterdam
Go to Slovenia, its dam cheep and high qualety education.
Yes, but the leadership as a whole stayed pragmatic
> otroci na cesti
Even today you can observe that France is the only big european coubtry that has one megacity and no other urban centre comparable by its size
Balkany , what have expected from a man whose surname is derived from one of the most corrupted places in europe...
I don't know about you, but Bosniaks aren't culturally almost the same as us
When I first found out that this was a thing they make you do in school I was shocked.
It's Šoštanj, what's there to preserve?
Yeah here is where I find the gap.
I don't want to see Spain break up.
I went to an italian-speaking kindergarten, then later i continued my education in slovene, which is my motherthongue
I'd have to check it later
I can say that when I was little and my grandmother told me stories from WWII I always taught that Germans were the good guys in that war and partisans were bad guys
He is not
we can just wait for his opening speech:"Dragi miški, drage miške...
Arguing about it would be futile since you'll never understand any of my points.
I bet the [Mayor of Kiev] would beat both of them though.
inb4 10 pages of Brexit comments
They're also obsessed with fame, money and looking all fancy and rich
I like the name of the street in this particular circumstances.
They really took the effort to make this content
A pediatric doctor in Slovenia recently started denying patients who don't vaccinate.
That's true, but the point is that their point not really existing usually doesn't stop believers in whatever
It's way less messy, but you do need space for all the shoes
Moreover, the Constitutional Court also deals with constitutional review proceedings, disputes regarding competence between the different branches of government, among others
Last time Croatia was a mpnarchy it was called the NDH...
I would make an exception for Slovenes from abroad.
I also felt another one around 7:02
Hmm
Firebomb Anchorage in the fall and watch as the population starves during the winter.
Wthats to stop the EU from demanding all navigation devices be Galileo enabled?
Probably also counts pay outs from pokojnin and invalidnin as public expense.
Also known as being neighbours to Slovenia :p
I reckon this common behaviour could amount to quite a swing in the poll
Periscope is an act against God.
Otherwhise they wouldnt be able to take the town.
All the other European languages are quite manageable
We are members of Eurotransplant.
Over here it's 27€ a year for a single grave, 96€ for a quadruple grave, 24€ for a cremation grave, etc.
Which is why complaints about EC quieted soon after elections
Good
something like civil partnership
I have two conspiracy theories
The "yes" side wants to make the dough tougher and to liberally add multiple kinds of colourful confectionery to it.
My schoolmate could kinda drive a tractor by then :D (I grew up in the capital, she did not)
Shame they blow up half of berlin in ww2
I do not care and I think most people over here would not care either
So is Ljubljana, so is Celovec, fucking Belgrade is les dirty than Paris
I miss that place
I know, but I don't remember in which grade religions are covered
I guess it's because Japanese victims were the Chinese, the country which is ruled by communists and we all know our hegemon the US of A does not like those type of people.
I told you, because there's nothing at stake for them.
Tell that to the Slovenians, the Germans colonised almost all of their land
Is there somewhere written that taxi drivers are a protected, privileged category?
You're allowed to forage (hunting and fishing needs permit except coastal water) on anyone's land except immediate dwelling area or cultivated area.
i mean its funny as 2006 you had neo-nazi no-go zones.
[We have it the same as the Germans.]
I've never heard anyone coloquially say just žganje, except if they meant hard liquor in general
Not a common held opinion, considering how small it is, it would seem.
We also use Janez Novak/Marija Novak because Janez and Marija are most common names and Novak is most common surname
All the other European languages are quite manageable
It would allocate seats to certain institutions, such as universities, **churches**, trade unions, various technical organizations
Opening the door to immigrants didn't really cause that number to go up by a significant margin.
Well this whole ordeal put the nail in the coffin on any kind of sensible discussion of these problematic areas
They really took the effort to make this content
Italians trying to speak English come second only to Germans trying to speak Italian
How was anti-semitism unique to Germany?
What are those numbers in the middle of the tallest building
In official manner, standard slovene is always a must
What about it is confusing
So no voice . That would matter if EU would pass something and then in negotiations demand UK follows
Will Slovenia be the unlikely beneficiary of Trump's election triumph?
That was in late 90's early 00's, it has yet to progress from there
Ayy
Oficially the minority counts about 1000 people in an area of 50
Transgender children are rare, how much such ruling is necessary is for me questionable.
Do you hate the French or something?
RIP Donald Duck magazines
At least you didn't mistake us for Slovakia
Depends on the region of course and altitude, but in general winters are very mild last 10 years or so
BTW I hope you get, I'm not actually mad at this, it's just funny two of his movies both have a negative view of Slovenia
Ljubljana was fist mentioned as such (Luwigana) around 1200s.
Oh yeah, I spent a good part of my childhood watching this on Italian TV.
Not a movement but a real thing
We were in one way or another influenced by germanic people since the 8th century, just off the top of my head we were a part of Bavaria, Holy Roman Empire, The royal house of Habsburg, and then there's the whole thing of WW1 and the sequel.
Cajt - Zeit - time
Here, the pressure is real
If you can pronounce Ljubljana, we'll forgive you
The one in LJ will be just a bit further away.
F*** that, uncomparable to the money manufacturing and services with higher added value bring in.
I was quite shocked when I first read about [Luník IX] in Slovakia.
Also, odds are you're probably gonna consume a lot of foreign media if the small amount of stuff you get at home isn't up your alley
No idea how this happened, but it’s interesting as its distinctly Slovene
Idk about Romania in particular but I know Ukrainian honey is mass-produced and Hungarian honey is mixed with non-EU honey which is then sold and marketed as EU produced honey.
Even the eastern parts of South Tyrol were part of it
"THEY ARE STILL COMING THROUGH"
Not all of course, If I need to mention that.
At least hes not selfconsious of what other people think of him.
I don't know if there's any dish which is really "national", that is, traditional for the entire country.
It's how you treat those people in day to day life
If it's sunny and no wind even 10 °C can be enough for a T-shirt, although I feel more comfortable if it is at least 12
I didn't really have many bad experiences with customer service in my life at all so I have a limited pool of them to choose from and I did say it was an exception.
My son , there are 504 mil europeans living in Eu.
Each one of those has a separate interesting story.
I think it's a vegetable
We also learn about mesoamerica but that's not an ancient civilization, Mayas, Incas, Aztecs are thought in relation to the New World discoveries
Just gotta include Muslims in somehow.
Very small, desert country, monarchy, barely any big stadiums, no football tradition whatsoever, human rights violations
We may forgive being called Balkans, but not Eastern Europe
Nice to see you guys are keeping it short and simple.
Ukraine isn't in the EU though
In Slovenia, it's just when you're feeling generous and tell whoever you are giving money to to keep the change.
I also need to mention that the most common joke in Slovenia is about Trst (Trieste) in Italy since it was ours in the past and a lot of Slovenian people still live there
The only "chain" i know are two mexican restaurants with the same name in two separate towns.
Screw this, screw EU
I might have been cca 5 years old, but I still remember how this went down here (in Slovenia)
The EU isn't a smaller economy.
I just now realised how many neighbors you actually have
There's some exceptions, but we generally use it all the time
People are posting statistics like "50% want to keep abortion as it is, only 15% want stricter regulations". That seems to me to mean, that 2/3 of the population do not want to have more loose regulations regarding abortion
And the media house of our far right party (15% support usually) is owned by Orban money/people, in coordination with their Slovenian friends
The missing data: I'd say Slovenia is dark red as well
From what I can find on the internet, it's *Luna*, both linguistically and scientifically
Should I have written more double vowels
Fuck
Over here people will be gardening
Translations are really bad, not mentioning we don't have proper nomenclature for half the stuff that's supposed to be translated.
Yes, bicycle theft is probably the most common kind of crime in Ljubljana
The white skin thing and beauty stuff in general is so true
One of the most touted goals of communism was to get everyone an apartment of their own and this was quick and cheap solution.
I found out what "drkanje" meant a few weeks ago lol
You can hear almost every year how a bear was sighted near Ljubljana
No special event or anything that made me post that.
Depends on the length of the sword, obviously 😐
Nah
But they didnt care about this
The guy who got bagels put on his head and then later started shouting and acting aggressively in return
Ce nc druzga, je relativno mirno
Well, sometimes the power for the public to initiate a referendum to veto a law comes quite handy.
Croatians were mass murderers (due to ndh) and wanted to kill all in Knin just because they're Serbs
I think Jerkovič also comments but he's more serious and mostly for football
Da ne bom kaj narobe rekel, nisem nek strokovnjak.
I'm sure they do the same in other regions of the country
it's not that they have a political opinion that I don't agree with that's the problem.
I cross 🇪🇺 an out of EU borders Many times a year
I seem to be a minority :)
They are soooo loud they wake me up because I have a window opened at night
There are most probably more cats then dogs (outdoor farm cats) but I don't know the number.
That’s interesting, in (Istrian) dialect we call hammer “bt” and my grandpa always called the sledgehammer “macola” - however for the latter it might not be a dialect word but rather a word  that he started to use when he was serving in the Yugoslav Army in Beograd
I don't think I've ever seen a window that doesn't open that way
Scotland also has oil, it is a rich country
Like food
In my city theres an iron mine thats now closed but they say its been used since roman times
You should venture outside of Western Europe to the Slavic lands
Koroška is also looked down on
Do not bring ilegal stuf into the country, if you do it will be destroyed.
Edit: grammar
I'm pretty sure only Spanish speaking world (and maybe France) see it as one continent
So I see them as much closer to us that Greeks for example
Finland, I've been to all other nordic countries apart from Finland, love the geography and climate, and among the reserved northerners I come across as an exotic southerner.
Let it go, I remember this guy from another thread.
Lemonade is squeezed lemon juice with water and possibly sugar.
holds up TTIP my name is jean-claude but u can call me t3h PreSideN7 oF c0miSSi0n!!!!!!!!
I have pretty neutral feelings about South America.
I know, it's cheap, easy and quick to cook (and this is imo the reason for it's popularity) but it has so many alternatives which are actually edible that it's almost a crime to cook that shit
If you live with someone and plan to keep it that way, you might as well tie the knot and get something out of it
They have to apply for a sort of 'licence' that gives them permission to accept students subsidies.
By that logic all sport events, national celebrations etc.
Like there's tons of books and shows and stuff about War of the Roses, but I have yet to find one based on that, especially when it's even more "epic" and complex
could say so
We all know every nation, every religion and every race has good and bad people.
And we do that with pride so it is easier to implement government policies.
Seriously this means so much to the locals, go Poland
Maybe Germany or Austria, if i had to choose another country
They aren't just steel pipes laid in the ground.
Don't you have civil partnerships?
They are left wing social democrats, but the Linke is in my mind the German party of socialists.
the party they are in is pure cancer...
[Here you go for the cream cake recipe :\)]
Look at 🇷🇺 they forced all satnavs to be GLONAS enabled.
We have it too although I've seen it in this [version] more often
if only radioactive waste would also be split in two
There were even more problematic sections that didn't allow for automatic hospital visits etc
It took 9 repetitons of the public procurement process to choose the construction company, and innumerable burocratic complications, stealmates, complaints etc, for less then 4 km of highway
And I've travelled a fairly big part of the world and enjoyed food everywhere, needless to say.
Actually, hasn't croatia considered anytime adopting just a red/white checkboard for its flag
- Dolores Umbridge - Kalvara Temyna
For example, there are Slovene dialects that use diphtongs, but standard language doesn't. Standard language knows tonal accents (although they don't change the meaning), but some dialects don't. Dialects use a lot of borrowed words from neighbouring languages
Back in the day you would only move to the side if you heard an emergency vehicle approaching, which is obviously not very effective when there's shit tons of trucks that have nowhere to move because they stop 10cm behind another truck
Drawing comparison to ISIS is especially distrurbing and sick, especially if you consider that 99% of the people didn't know what was happening on the front lines, as each republic was spewing hate and concealing all information which would tell its citizens what's actually happening
And the Slovenian littoral where Italian culture has a strong influence
We have them to, of course not nearly as pouplar as french
I live in an apartment so it gets way to hot in the summer to use a dryer, even with an air-con.
It is in front of a church but I don't know if it counts because it's usually more like general motivation to be kind to others
Welcome to Yurop o/
Jakov Fak and Teja Gregorin were pretty popular few years ago.
the underdeveloped nations of the world, especially those with widespread poverty.
Ma petek je, se mi ne da
If he shits himself, he will be a soldier
Like when the "kid" is 18 or does it go on forever as long as the family is present
A man was fired from a BBC radio because he wasn't a minority.
MRI - 200-450 €
austerity basicly tells you that you’re alone and can fuck off and die
I can't really think of a good explanation for that.
My cat, named ["Divja"] it means "wild".
I don't think I have ever heard anyone say the're going to Združeno Kraljestvo.
Those are the only ones I can think off from the top of my head
No organ
Sounds like you really want to :)
Mandatory driving theory classes.
I really coulnd't find the right words.
Didn't Greeks/Byzantines had a saying like this too?
YUROP STRONG
You just need to spell "Ljublj", then add "Ana" in the end
I started learning English back in kindergarten, so most of song lyrics fall under "[mondegreen] and it sometimes took me years to finally realise what the lyrics actually are
As a consequence I would probably have no problems to communicate all over Italy and former Yugoslavia
They'll give you a paper and signal you to sign it.
Before I zoomed in, I thought it is a B&W photo
Yes, they indeed force you to at minimum address the person in his prefered gender since NYC recognizes 31 different genders.
His girlfriend, who was wounded but survived, doesn't want to talk to the police.
Well, Slavs do actually have an [almost-completely-intelligible-even-without-training-universal-language]
We had a subject called "gospodinjstvo" where we did learn something about cooking
They keep repeating here to us to use contactless cards when paying
Come on cis people, wake the fuck up
But I can't really tell if it's a majority or not, but if it's not, it' close to a majority
- Henry VIII
Because this way you spend les money.
My grandma keeps her fresh eggs from her chicken in a cold pantry room but if she brings them in the kitchen she puts them in a fridge
Wouldn't really make much of a difference with your 300 billion debt.
Especially in city buses where the exit door are in the middle/end of the bus
Yep, I'd say Amerika 1st, ZDA second.
That's just a normal hot dog here
Berlusconi, Boris Johnson and Gérard depardieu.
v - in
Even what happened with the assassin is incredible in its brutality.
now EU want to ban our kettles
We are not and don’t want to be
We used to have that, but than capitalism came and took it away.
Unless if I'd mix up Poland and Monaco.
Also depends on countries in question
The most recent Czech you lost here was [2 days ago] edit: link
Bullshit, they live in the centre of the Earth and ride dinosaurs.
he argues that western liberalism, by explicitly abstaining from prescribing you any sort of meta narrative, is essentially leaving a huge emotional void in people’s lives
Our water isn't extra fluoridaded.
I started to follow french politics and french news in general, but that is because I'll move there in the near future
38 dialects in seven main groups, which is a lot for a country with 2M people and 20
Lmao we also called him Torbar at one point
(Also if you come to Central/Eastern Europe, do try some poppy pastries
We sometimes call you gypsies with a passport
I watch YouTube videos, I read articles online, I know that even places like Grozny are made to look nice.
After all, ATM they don't have competition.
While all three are Identity Documents, you can't travel with the driver's licence.
What more
That would cause none of the problems you have mentioned in your post.
Štirje volkovi (four wolves)
How is a bilioner from a european country sueing an entire other european country not on topic for r/europe?
Pretty much all our population is white, so it is nothing weird that is very uncommon I would say.
It looked really good back then ...
How would you describe homesickness
With the exception of Serbo-Croatian which they do not use, they are fluent in both of those languages
I swear to God I've seen that car somewhere...
He fancies Orban's model of illiberal democracy and wants to introduce it over here
Prekmurje is entire head, Goričko is the brain
There is a student-family-friendly part of the campus in Ljubljana.
All has an end, even our heroes
Because that letter sounds like something Serbs would do.
But not the status of the constitution.
Interesting, we use “Novakova” when your trying to say Novak’s daughter/wife/mom but not as a surname
I would sugest getting inter rail
I think that in Italian mixed area there are seperate Slovenian and Italian schools
Haven't seen any in my everyday life, there was a brief time of panic and nationalistic response but now it's subsided mostly.
Personally, I wasn't impressed by Prague
Well, it ends on a positive note.
-e is the genitive ending, "npr
A while ago their government passed a stricter abortion law
For it was Adam who was first created, and then Eve.
They don't do that because they somehow lack education, they do it because they enjoy making other people suffer.
After the war, murdering the members of the Slovene Home Guard and their families and throwing their bodies in pits
Having a human system is like having a leaky boat.
But what kind of bread
Except that emblem was never used as a CoA for Slovenia as a political entity,
"Pikčasta ptička v pikčasti kletki
And how close it is to Italian?
I think it fits what OP was asking.
If you went to Koper you should have taken a trip to Piran aswell.
And using 5kbit internet no less.
He doesn't seem so bad
Check, the link, it's *Globotschnigg* ;) So obviously non-Slovenian.
Bele Skale and Mesečev zaliv are nice
Is the diplomatic objective more important, or are the diplomat's personal feelings more important?
This sub is full of idiotic liberals.
Corona is not a threat, Janša is
Meanwhile, the 3rd largest party in the Serbian parliament
Possibly also true
If by CR you mean Croatia, it is not in Schengen area either
[Hrvatska do Tokija
Nuclear weastland 1, nuclear weastland 2
Even tho i despize most ofnthe diaspora.
As a slovenian I feel ofended
Full support
they speak only one accent and just come of as fake.
Pensala F
lol Slovenia, nothing changed in 18 years and we keep promoting our country as green, just sad
The only way I recognize another Slovene is when they open their mouth
Interpellation of minister of labour, family and social affairs.
For a very small country (2 million people, small area) we have a surprising diversity in our house types.
Can we ship them all to America and colonize the island with Irish football fans?
We have the ZL who is in the parlament and a bunch of eurosceptics lurking aroud
The one on Roška was used as military prison all the way up to 90's. And back in late 80's it housed the most "influential" political prisoner and Twitter-shitposter that is our current PM
Especially important is what police is saying.
You either poor it into the water bottle or fill the palms of your hands with water and then drink it that way.
Not surprised
I'm Slovenian and I can confirm that this representation of us is 100% accurate
Thus the enlargment of the port could have been serioulsy hindered
The list of BS goes on and on, and normal citizens didn't have a clue what's actually happening
After some talk, they realized the bar was 4km away
It isn't on, I was dissappointed
(for example)
Because people quit jobs all the time....
We have that too
As long as he's not a jerk, it's fine
I'd say it's very close to a few dialects in the southern part of the country but not to some other dialects.
But look, I'm downvoting you too!
it survived so many changes and wars yet renovation destoryed it
But, correct me if I'm wrong
I had Bell's palsy and had to stay in a hospital for a week, got shots, pills, facial massage, electro-therapy, all daily and was completely fine in a bit over a week.
Yellow circle gang (I'm from northern Slovenia)
You said the West has propaganda...
I'm not talking about uniqueness, I'm talking about non-similarities with Bosnian culture
Croatia is also not a legal sucesor of the Ilirian provinces.
I'd rather people who disagree hold their tongue than downvote
If the wind blows it away, run after it, even if you fall down a cliff, I don't care.
Prekmurje is entire head, Goričko is the brain
Just look at some other videos there....
Same language can have multiple accents.
I work 40 hours a week and not second more.
Sorry, I don't think OP's map has much to do with anything
First there was one (the middle one) for traffic (horse-drawn carriages).
When I go to the city for shopping I spot one or two from time to time and if I see local vasketball club train at school's gym there is a couple black there as well.
Yeah, shitty chocolate spread from humanitarian aid, possibility that dad wouldn't come home from the frontline and living with three generations of our family because we couldn't pay rent anymore...
When they do it without telling anyone, no one even notices.
Sao ker ga nijaš, boš zaj gor plačo trotl gnili
Tons of people still live in them.
It's reuse bottles for same type of shampoo, but maybe it will spread
Do you have exchanges with Germanic countries just because they're Germanic?
- Thank you
Hitler first needed to violently seze goverment buildings and fizicaly destroy one party.
If it makes you feel any better: Macedonia, Andorra, San Marino and Vatican are also missing.
The US is on a conpletly different continent deaing with different imigration.
Aw that's the sweetest thing anybody has ever said about Slovenia haha
The ambassador and his wife visited them at the trump tower and their property in Florida and flown in Trumps airplane.
It snows here almost every winter.
After WW2 finished some muricans decided it would be fine to fly into Yugoslavia and got shot down.
Afaik Albania has the biggest diaspora in the world relative to their population.
Slovenia and Slovakia placed together to make it even more confusing for foreigners
;) I doubt you'd want us though
I dont know what you are talking about.
It's not an institution or religion, it's people
It just makes him look like a hypocrite that sticks his nose in other countries' elections
People here also 'move out' for univesity, but we don't call that moving out
Dudes only care about getting high, buff & having sex
Kick all the extremists out
Well, the Electoral college makes the US margin of winning very close.
The prices are:
It is not enough just to have a tool that computes your tax rate for you.
Sheldon, is that you
You can attend religion classes, but they are separate from school and in no way related
Without article 13, google and other news aggregators, and tech companies gain advantage, and with it old media and copyright owners gain advantage
Both the continent and the moon are named after the ancient Greek goddess Europa.
Just check the plane schedules ...
Now this is podracing
dobr no, v angleščini je žival srednji spol.
I don't know what part of my comment you don't understand, but my guess would be you understood completely nothing.
A country does not equal a nation.
Every hill in Europe is a death trap for sandal wearing Czechs.
We have roman ruins and whatnots all over Slovenia, they might not be in the same class as an amphitheater ... but we do have them
Not all packages need a signature
International intervention WOULD happen in Austria (Russia would bomb them to oblivion while the USA says some words).
This one is better
Am, Slovene, can confirm
Not just plain breadcrums
No problem, I know reddit can be a hostile place, hell I'm no saint.
We need them gone
I'm going to Rome for 4 days (28.
I know this is of topic but Ljubljana needs only around 5
I'm entirely prepared to go out in any cold we get here (it's rarely below -20), but the reasons for it must get exponentially better the colder it is
Some personal choices:
If you directly spread incitement of violence and such someone could theoreticly report you to the police and they might arrest you.
Nevertheless [\#MSM] (and not some official body) announce the winner
Heh, I'm quite certain that people from Bosnia and Herzegovina will gladly specify on their own if they are Serbs or Croats
They usually call before delivering
Wouldn't be too sure about that.
PLS NO
If we dance Kazachok, we can move faster than their bullets
A lot of us learn Serbian/Croatian outside of school, almost all of us learn English to a quite high degree.
It refers to European values, as you said 'tolerance, chivalry and solidarity'.
As someone else said, school is for studying, extra curricular activities are for after school.
No making, no having, just doing :D
Yeah bu places like r/europe bann you reguardless.
So you speak the normal Slavic language of the region, which (combined with your Muslim faith) would lead me to take you for a Bosniak.
I've always prefered Czechia to the Czech Republic.
Everything "down south" sounds the same to me.
You learn something new everyday
If we got annexed by [Italy/Austria/Hungary/Croatia] nobody would even notice we were gone
The "Croatian thief" is not a part of jokes told by the general population
Find a place in Ljubljana because it's in the middle of the country and everything is two hours drive at max from there; you can also look around the city a bit, but it isn't as pretty as usual in winter.
Western Slovenia stronk
For all the rest, if one would speak really slow, i would probably have some low to medium degree of understanding
Monument to WW2 victims in Croatia, Jasenovac [OC]
But never man-man or woman-woman.
Djuric: Dialing code given to Kosovo as geographic region - -
Guys, you need to get rid of Erdogan and fast.
How did you come to be a Pan-Celtic Slav?
A warm good morning to all the participants!
We're a nation of schizophrenics.
Hard Brexit is making me hard
Same goes in Slovenia
While CSTO is basicly Russia and colonies.
So *that's* where GRRM got the idea from for the battle of blackwater
Britain wants their former importance back.
I called my mum and she said she thought it was our dog trying to find a sleeping position
[Ajdovi žganci] It's like buckwheat polenta.
Some company that sells tools used Pat & Mat theme song in their commercial.
That and with modern Austria absolutely refusing to recognize what is left of their Slovene minority despite being constitutionally bound to so, I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of people are still upset with them
The most Slovenian of Italian towns: Gorizia/Gorica
1) A part of Great Britain
I think this is enough for now
The EU itself is proof that that's not true, considering we're living in the longest period without a major war in Europe in history
We're just not important enough for any of them to realise that though
Čez mejo v Avstriji imajo železniške postaje kolesarnice za kolesa, ki so čez dan polna.
You even have a Ministry of War Veterans but I guess it's still not such a deal as it is in USA
It's a cave, protected cave, one of the most important cave systems in the world.
Politically, one could add the rest of the Warsaw Pact, but Yugoslavia wasn't part of that, so Eastern Europe doesn't work at all
I can also vouch for countries south and east of us (balkans).
But now there's aparently 2 gangs of kids 11-16 year olds, patroling some nearby neighbourhoods and a pump track that are intimidating kids and elderly
I once tried reading more than this famous first lines and it gets complicated really fast after that
Same here
People trusted them
Posavska
Especially with modern weaponry, which a combo of EU + Russia would definitely have
If that existed, I think a lot more people would rather pick a train than an airplane
The smallest denomination bank note was 10 Tolar, or roughly 4 euro cents.
000 people tried to take control of a city hall while there were talks inside about drawing the borders between two states
I vote we bring back [Samo's Kingdom]  instead
It's pretty easy to see who profited from these policies
So instead of Christmass, the main thing was the New Year and we got a new santa, Dedek mraz (Father snow), the christmass tree (literally translated: christmas spruce) became a "novoletna yelka" or new year silver fir and bised the boy scouts there were "taborniki" or campers
The ones that considered our country worthy of their stay anyway.
I travel quite a bit, so I have this happen to me quite often
Some dont understand why we need [migrant law]
You basically described Slovenia
in ljubljana the dorms are owned by the state.
No country ever reached real communism, not even the USSR.
What we'd need is for the richer countries to help make poorer countries places where people don't want to leave instead of throwing some money at them and attracting all the especially high-skilled workers
Why do we try so hard to preserve cultres in other parts of the world but don't care about European cultures?
that is why there are chinese world of warcraft gold digging bots and league of legends account selling
What will it take to defeat their idea?
With that additional pa, it doesn't roll off the tongue nicely to me.
That we're part of the Balkans, probably
We didn't study them systematically though
It's not unusual for some cafes to open at 6am (before COVID), so people can go for a quick coffee before work
Hell, I'm pretty sure if the EU relaxes immigration laws, we'll get plenty of young Americans come over
I'm really sick of it
They said make sex with anyone.]
The person was explaining this when the kids were alone in front of tv for more than an hour with the remote control
I am honestly baffled by the comments
I disagree
Northern Ireland honorary Balkan
Hehe, I'm guessing I made some sort of inexcusable faux pas?
Yeah, that didn't end well when the Czechs told us to pump up a pool float
Otherwise it's a very safe city and violent crime is extremely rare
Yeah, but if something is more similar to A than to B, couldn't an argument be made that it should be classified as A instead of B?
[Here's] a list of houses for sale.
It's beautiful
Hungarian and Italian are official languages in the municipalities where those two minorities live and everyone learns the languages in school there, from what I've heard.
You're not a painter, are you
They are often joked about because of that R- Kohoški Slovenci.
Also it kills bacteria in the meat, but doesn't remove existing products of said bacteria, which can be toxic
But just wandering around isn't a problem, either, since every location in our country is never more than a few hours away.
Pretty common I would say
Not yet, have to plan to go there in the first place XD.
When ISIS holds pride parades in Mosul, I'll be OK with eating their chocolates as well.
Germany won't reward italian policemen who killed Berlin's terrorist because they are to right winged
We're a bit weak on homographs as a language I think.
[Palček David] [Želodko superca] [Medvedek uhec] [Tabaluga] [Šolenčki]
No, I wouldn't ban it outright, that's pretty stupid.
Of course, there were some elite SS divisions that were used mostly for warfare, but most divisions were used for the atrocities and massacres.
The last line or the bad spelling?
I recenty wrote a assigment on one of the richest and well know scandinavian emporiums; Haithabu/Hedeby.
Out of Ljubljana probably not.
The fact that two Brits were first to respond merely confirms my claims.
Počaš boš mogu se soočit z dejstvom, da pač ni tako ko si si ti zamislil v svoji hipsterski betici
Bademajster - Bademeister - life guard
I don't really know why is that and I agree with you
Yes, I'd like to see more high-speed railways being built.
Ah ok, makes perfect sense then
that is why there are chinese world of warcraft gold digging bots and league of legends account selling
He was looking kind of dumb, with a finger on no bomb, without even having a warhead
Also learning and respecting a language, history and traditions of a country is a must.
I always thought that the inspiration for out bureaucracy was the Spanish inquisition.
"Serbia has no intention of joining anti-Russia sanctions" - -
[Problem is, balls is very big.
Europe could have f***ing rule the smartphone market, spearheading the next technical revolution
Ayy
Its a reasonable reaction to unimited immigration in my opinion.
How is Melania Trump not the most popular Twitter account from Slovenia?
Don't forget a scarf and fancy mustache.
Same as Armenia not invoking CSTO because they dont see the need for it yet
Are you a member of your local antifa group?
Deep fried "mozzarella" sticks are not really Italian food
Slovenistan (when we're bitching about our country)
Bačko or the rest of the federation?
People just aren't looking at the signs nor informing themselves before driving to another country.
They stopped being released here is Slovenia a while ago
Where does Bosnian wife hide money from drunken husband - In a book
I had a coworker who moved from Ljubljana to Jesenice
So it's not language that connects you but history, relations and proximity.
Unfortunately the poster above is mistaken, older buildings in Slo can still have lead pipes, I lived in one of those for a good chunk of my life.
But just before Marjetica and the five other virgins were handed over to the dragon, St
But the village I grew up in, the entire region for that matter will never fully accept a stranger, even a fellow Slovene that moved from a different region
There exists similar subreddit for New Zealand, but I can't remember it anymore.
Ignorance
They were slaughtered, humiliated, opressed and now people use their sacred symbols as fashion.
thats not a value
They're the languages of our two officially-recognised minorities and only hold the status of official languages in the municipalities where the two ethnicities live.
I notice you don't include Andorra
Italy has actually a huge problem here.
Just a very-long-game pincer attack to encircle and crush them
Hrvat je tat
45% of the population has foreign background-ofc a lot of those are danes but still.
It's basically the same thing
I really like how this is phrased
Insted of fixink the woodworm infested beems holding it up.
Well yeah, especially with the Schengen, you cant even tell when you passed the border if you're not paying attention.
The german name is derived from the slovenian name, meaning little castle
I thought our folklore (slovenia) had some of the most cringe inducing stuff, until I saw your guys.
*hmmm*
And on that bombshell, it's time to end, good night
A 12h jurney from Ljubljana to Belgrade in pre-flod cars realy isnt something to frown about now :P
Ti pa najd za druge države, za katere trdiš da imajo več.
M8 this is not your safe-space.
[Cockta] for sure
I don't think our soldiers fought on the western front
Luckily the distance is not too big (around 200 km) so we manage to see each other quite often.
car - tsar
Illo F
If by some strange phenomena UK suddenly becomes incredible prosperous and richer then yes , it would probably be the end of EU as a economic union.
Advice: unless coming from another Slavic language, good luck.
People here think Austria uses those airplane thingies to get rid of hail so all the hail then ends up here.
Apparently the packaging contains another more detailed map with the borders we don't agree with.
Also the way Yugoslavia was built, it probably wouldn't survive death of Tito either way
Usually I root for every underdog country
If you do it yourself, you at least saved some money and you know anything wrong is your own fault
Yeah Koper has a port because it’s by the sea, and Ljubljana isn’t, I mean that’s just fact and you cannot change it, why would we talk about hypothetical situations
You really have to be much more specific.
Looking at someone does not equal staring and it especially does not mean you think bad about them.
And since the whole of Europ now knows his actions to be heroic ;)
starting with Vietnam
If you pass your driving exam on an automatic you are only allowed to drive automatics
We have a tiny coast whereas Slovakia is landlocked
And Slovenia is faster then Britain.
People of all walks of lofe want to move to 🇦🇺 after uni from here.
Yes, but IFVs are cooler than trucks.
How can Berlinars (i dare not call them german, they do not look German) know so little?
Sure this is less and less true, but US still sometimes tries to enforce this idea all over the world.
The only person benefiting from there being a strong leader is the leader
Numerous handball players in our national team.
The narrative in our country atm is that our PM (Janša)  is practically a Hungarian vassal, Orban's puddle
We just sell guns to yall
Edit: seems I misunderstood
I am not going to fall for ypur falme b8 again.
Yes
When I eat a burger outside, I order the one with steak slices, letuce, onion, tomato and bbq sauce or with brie, arugula, tomato and bbq sauce.
Russia: Thousands of communists parade on October Revolution's 99th anniversary
Only Fire and Ice by Robert Frost for our final exam.
It would also result in more black market activity-esentially giving drug lords a new task-selling tobacco and alcohol
> Especially since i don't think my country has nearly enough in common with any European country to warrant something like that
WW3 leak confirmed
Woke me up in north eastern Slovenia
Wow that sounded impossible to me at first, but I looked it up and it is actually true, apparently South Tyroleans were to be relocated to Crimea
Could the same thing be done for Victoria 2?
Plural: Hvala vam
Kiss your freedom and democracy goodbye
No one is expected to act differently because they earn a bit more money.
So we break all of these records
I always have copies of my ID and/or passport in at least 2 different bags and you can give it to people who you're travelling with as well
I've been stopped once, for a quick check when going from Italy to Slovenia
Well, Slovenia is in front of New Zealand, Switzerland and Germany, but behind Rwanda and the Philippines.
My view at work is at least this depressing, but I'm on the ground floor so I have no quick way to end the suffering.
' or possibly 'damn
Was it Shrek
And the Catalan parties just wanted some attention, not actual independence
That's Gora**ž**de, completely different.
The only thing I know of is [this] [Here's] another link, if that one's geo-blocked
People from other countries find wearing slippers for school funny, but it's very nice
Also when the plant shuts down 24-25 years from now, who is to say that they Will change their mind
And what makes you think he was far from ready?
Most nationalist support Serbs.
Southern white-breasted hedgehog and Northern white-breasted hedgehog.
Kaj ma to z medvedi drugod po Evropi?
* 2D unlive photo, 2018
You can even travel with ID to Montenegro and they are not even EU
[Liberté, égalité, fraternité you say?]
What was the rationale behind that
Maybe it is indeed just a German thing.
For a faraway or a remote place, we use the phrase "behind God's back' (Bogu za hrbtom)
because she is in charge of guiding the process
99% of people, including busses, don't have winter tires on yet, so it causes a traffic collapse, trees still carry leaves and can get broken, and in the end it just melts and autumn is suddenly wet again, only no beautiful colours are left
Invading the Netherlands is one thing
> Ante Pavelic ... Josip Broz Tito
They did a blind taste test here on German and Bulgarian Milka.
Hungary - Madžarska
I'm not particulary fond of YT travel guides as it mostly shows touristic places.
:) I believe 1.5 hr is sufficient, I've done 40 minutes in Munich before.
Something else I forgot to mention
(A shorter version of this article can be read on National Review Online.)
we even passed laws for most stores to close on sundays
They are, but not widely spread yet.
I have no idea what Slavic fairytales are.
People who live in houses usually have something like [this] outside.
White fillings are free for visible teeth in front.
Well you kind of have to if you want a restored HRE
Not really in Slovenia, so we'll keep those if you don't mind
First the leaning tower of Pisa and now this
I'm pretty sure I kick our average up by at least half a kilo.
This is more fiction than reality
They last longer
I even played purely text games before mouse control was a thing.
*sighs and flips open Krško self-destruct switch cover*
I think it would be beautiful
the stupid people party (but your opinions will alsonget you ouster (and acfepted at the same time)out of our designated idiot party SDS)
The border between Austria and Hungary in AH empire maybee.
Are you looking for nature or culture?
000€ as it is right now if you put me in charge I will pay you 250
Well Serbia isn't attempting to steal our sea, so they will get no trouble from us.
They are leading our country
The first one is that the real Tito was swaped with a russian spy, who then ruled over Yugoslavia
Percentage of abortions in Slovenia in 2010 was 19%.
They were the best shit
Are we talking about the same Merkur
Our foreign minister said that we will sabotage Croatia's turist season if they refuse to accept the ruling of arbitrage court over a border dispute.
makes it visually distinct from the rest of Slovenia
You can ask for consular protection from French embassy by the right of being a citizen of EU.
Like there is a system where everyone can agree with everyone
In the summer we would keep sunlight in the evenings and in the winter we would have an extra hour of sunlight in the afternoon so you could go for a walk
That's how they do it in Lidl and Hofer here
tejku = take (phonetically + past-tensified the Slovenian way)
Wir helfen Kranken vögeln - we help sick people fuck
Yes and we're mocking them for it, yet we're gulping up exactly what brought them where they are
Plus, when Trieste (where most of slovene speaking burgeoasie lived) went to Italy, Ljubljana's status was undisputed
Why
(With American, I mean Canadian as well.) Granted, there are some stations specializing in classical music only, indy/underground music only, etc.
No, it doesn't come from Chinese.
"To je pa češko" - "That's Czech" : it is not particularly well made or it looks off, but generally functional
Doesn't that just mean godfather/godmather?
if just someone could condirm it
When there's a report someone died in the mountains or had to be rescued, everyone autimaticaly assumes it was a Czech.
If the house of Celje survived, it would probably lead to some of them getting the title of kings of some kingdom, at a certain point
No way, I was in spain for months but in Croatia people are way more open to being topless
"A picture is worth a thousand words"...
WTF
I don't think they give a crap in what kind of bottles they get it currently
Well, they still have the Goričko
I like it when Germans make funny jokes about their own lack of humor.
Suicide bombing was invented by Tamil Tigers.
You were given a choice between a liar and a child.
Who would think about a question like this
The overrepresentation of countries in the EU parliament was set up to prevent small countries from being pushed out of discourse by larger ones.
> Some other EU countries would never let it happen because they are afraid of similar referendums happening to them
Where does Montenegrin wife hide money from drunken husband - under the shovel
As soon as you stop lumping us together with the rest of 'Yugos'.
Imagine if Yugoslavia got Trieste
it seems older people are the most politically active and in 10 years we will have a sort of millenial revolution.
Slovenia: [ski jumping] especially the [ski flying (volume warning)] events, which we claim to be our own "invention"; ski jumping itself, of course, originated in Norway.
What's next, people having children with dogs and horses?!
is quite great
The [entry for England] says under meanings:
But the acession back in would be realy fast reguarding everething but Spain
Francia would also be studied quite a lot
Yes, there are some words to look out for, e.g.
Metric tone, tone troy, tone avoirdupois
We mostly don't have fishermen.
But what external threat do we face?
It was on the shores of Dunabe and it was called something like Sclavenia and was raided by Pannonian Avars.
The grammatical rules are quite complex and there's always a ton of exceptions
Zica - > cukzn - > wire
last century immigrants from ex-Yugoslavia and elsewhere)
Hello
The smug face on the dog in that photo tho.
Sinve sou are german lets start with your country.
They are just young people with no-seanse of reality.
EDIT: Or better, how old were you when you found out
Whoever wants to use an exit just has to wait, I guess
Allright, I didn't know that
Basanje z bureki v petek zvečer in žar enkrat na mesec poleti
So does this mustard contain horseradish?
Yes, Maribor was a strange place in 1918, I'm not going to deny it.
Well if you can't see anything wrong with giving those things to the Nazis instead of fighting them then I can't really help you now can I.
I am not joking, refugee crisis, right-wing parties getting elected, serbia and croatia are having little arms race, problems with republika srbska in BIH and now this.
We also have extra pairs of slippers for guests in different sizes
Casks and kegs are manufactured to imperial rather than metric measurements.
Y'all wish you were Primorska
By all accounts, they're already pretty heavy and I am not sure what more can be done
Well, Greenland left (what was then) the EU in 1984 but its citizens continue to hold EU citizenship.
I get the glow in the dark thing, but why colour it cropped out sticker D:
People live there
Fourth, another war with the USSR right after the cessation of the greatest global conflict is hardly a good outcome
24th, in the evening with dinner
Fertik - fertig - done
Very common here, though mostly for 30-50 year old women.
Although I've come across a couple that were from Albania proper.
Scotland has to ask England if it may hold a referendum on its own future
The article is about the recent events, not 60 years ago.
I think it would be customary here to ask how much we owe
Someone correct me if I'm wrong.
8% of those were after 10 weeks of pregnancy which has to be allowed by a commission.
The hate towards Banja Luka is much stronger in the Muslims
What started it
No, definitely not the only one
Now we have 20 per day and no one cares, you might get quarantine if you go to any of the red countries and thats all
Sorry for the poor wording of tge question.
It's a high fashion model pic durrr.
That's the first and the only thing that I was looking to find it here
Macedonians are getting shit from Greek, Bulgarians, Serbians and Albanians.
If you can pronounce Ljubljana, we'll forgive you
pet - five
Pretty sure /u/Latvis has enough bitterness in his life as well.
What are they researching there
32% sounds like they get prosecuted for kissing in public or something.
It goes along where Italians set up a [barbed wire] during WW2 when they occupied the city
I have time to cook and eat with my husband daily, to do some sports or hobbies, and socialise in some limited way in the evening
for a friend
Very cold and dry is way better
It's also our only island
Hehe, it definitely was another country.
Squid is a lot more popular here but octopus is not unknown, especially in a salad form
Again I am open to all possibilities until something is released that proves it.
There is nothing to convert to.
Although I know little to nothing about it, what I hear is that most people there are depressed
Mesopotamia and Egypt are extremely specifc (have to know all Egyptian dynasties and their achievements)
Its a rule to protect people taxing from unloyal conpetition.
Freedom of expression, human rights
That's the problem, I'm not denying that.
*sighs and flips open Krško self-destruct switch cover*
Damit die Hottentottenstottertrottelmutterbeutelratte nicht weglief,
I mean I would still say she's fluent, just not C2 level.
unlike most people who shut their eyes i cant say she doesnt have a chance, but im not holding my breath.
The school also took us to some less well known places like the Roman necropolis close to Celje
I realise it's totally personal view.
which was only agreed upon in 2016 I think
Seems to me as essential Yugo core
Can't blame you, good food there.
> just something that counts as valid ID
- Richard Lionheart = Rihard Levjesrčni
and I had to explain that to two Germans who are travelers
I know it's really minor but it's fascinating to me
Hope things get better soon in Spain, I've been to Andalusia 5 autumns in a row
Second referendum: "What should the question on the referendum be
I saw it mentioned on the news and a few times on the internet.
Women right to vote in1919 is smilar to lots of european countries including Belarus,Poland,Lithuania,Russia...
I 'swam' on a secluded beach in NW of Scotland
It's not just because they are from another country and not because they look different
here, it's been suggested that the party that comes top in the EP elections should be able to nominate the commissioner from their group of elected candidates.
Single
Politburo take you to gulag now.
The rest are just general, when, where, what
Norway: [Why don't we take the gas car tax and put it into EV subsidies
Raisins must be in
I got family in Serbia and it's my favorite place to party and drink, people are open and willing to share even though they have little.
[This is how it looked like
It can kill according to some legends
Probably the Easter earthquake of Ljubljana on 14th of april 1895
There's a joke that Slovenia could win a war against America since they will never find us on the map
Mostly harmless
Words
Or that using Eastern Europe in general for most European countries that actually were part of the Eastern Block is kind of like using colonial names for modern-day countries that have long-since changed those when referring to them
What do you call the Indo-European-Turkic languages?
The dank meme war to end all meme wars.
1 room for pre WW2 era and couple of rooms for WW2 era so nobody can say they completely ignore them
Just in Slovenia we have 16 Roman settlements and towns, while only one (Emona, present day Ljubljana)  is listed on this map
Mokronog (wet feet)
Shit we bless everything from horses to warehouses
Well, yeaterday wasn’t any warmer here
Oh, you mean "ljubljanski zrezek".
I mean if you already paid why would you not take it with you
It has nice beaches and cheap fruit.
Thats what you get when You vote for heider.
Good effort
Technically we rejected a set of family laws where only a small part was about same sex marriage.
When I visited America last summer I got made fun of for using "fake British slang" when I'm not a Brit, and in Ireland where I've lived for more than 2 years I get called out on my "fake American accent" when I should apparently be speaking with either a perfect Irish or a thick Slavic one
He was a democrat before becoming a republican.
12 euros per day only for "malica".
You're gonna look for public toilets to drink?
Cant even look Joe in the eye as he took papa Donald from him
Trieste is Slovenian :P
Their mountains are actually mountains.
I mean the land of the Slovenka :P
You're supposed to start peeling at the bananus?
That's the general word for railroad
Well I agree with them that mass graves should be investigated and mortal remain buried with dignity but then history should be left to historians
Isn't *kako da ne* more like "how [is it] that no?"
Aren’t the protests in PL pro abortion, not anti ?
[Remember wild Ruslana from Eurovision
Slovenia is important because if we in, y'all northerners would be waiting for days or making proper detours to get to Croatia in Summer
I'm assuming since it barely opened it's packed with people
I doubt that
Enter night
My experience of Belgian weather was so wet I find this pretty hard to believe
99% of people, including busses, don't have winter tires on yet, so it causes a traffic collapse, trees still carry leaves and can get broken, and in the end it just melts and autumn is suddenly wet again, only no beautiful colours are left
It receives a lot of Slovene immigrants since other areas aren't doing that well
We are often told to avoid Hungarian products, especially meat.
This
So if we qualify we shouldn't boycott it, because we usually dont qualify
It's a bit (a lot
4 stoli
But isn't the point of r/europics to see pictures?
I believe only Finland and the Netherlands ignore 1 and 2 cent coins at the moment.
Most people look to me like they are scared of bends in the road
After [shit like this] I'd stop caring about international
As a kid, I remember jumping from balcony into snow; I wouldn't recommend doing that now :)
Then they bring out plates with food and salad bowls
Nothing for anything but you can sell aluminium cans for change at DINOS which is a scrap company.
My regular McDonald's meal costs €2.07 so I absolutely *have* to use them!
That makes the landscape a tiny bit less boring
One kid has mom's last name and the other one dad's last name.
In Yugoslavia at least, that was the basic idea behind such neighborhoods
quadrillion = bilijarda
Both ignore Texas and California because they know how they'll vote
And the fact that all Serbia politics do are blaming every other foreign nations on how shitty they run their country is also pathetic
On German new year celebrations do you always get so many rockets and firecrackers in the crowd or was it a "Cologne New Year 2016" kind of thing?
At the very least that would clear up the naming inconsistent with both Croatian and Serbian
That was never the argument
Renzi made a huge mistake by tying his personal political future to the "yes" side.
It had everything from money-laundering through casinos scheme, buying your way into politics and position of power, a coup, and spam mail
I visit Poland several times a year, have driven all over the country, several times over - thank you for all the wonderful nature, super friendly people and amazing food
Ach Berlin
All I want for Christmas is a less retarded EU parliament
I'd say it's one of the ugliest buildings I've ever seen.
Especially in Štajerska (Untersteiermark für Sie) and large interior cities like Ljubljana (Laibach).
Alot of the people there think they're better than everyone else and that most of Slovenia that isn't Ljubljana are peasants
If you challenged one in my country you'd probably get laughed off or thrown out
As someone living 30 min from the Hu border, AFAIK they're "normal".
I have never said they are not good to eat
It is wonderful museum with alot of great things to see
I would say our prime minister, Janez Janša. There are big protests right now against his goverment
The optimistic forecasts put the temperature at 37°C, the more pessimistic put the temperature at 40°C. Worth noting that the highest temperature ever recorded was 40,8°C. It's gonna be hot hot hot
Oooh and we also like salamanders
Conplet the mandatory schooling than you can drive.
Oooh thank you
But if you lose your passport it will be easier to prove your identity
A more literal translation to *Stari* is "*Old* (man/woman)". It's funny to me because it's used by children (definitely not old men) and adults alike
This was especially true during the time of Yugoslavia
Like I wrote in my post to this thread, in my country it was the "liberators" that were yhe bad guys
We unfortunately also got swamped with a lot of classic books from our past that were really not suitable for kids, I'd say France Bevk and his whole depressing opus is something best left to more adult audience, also Prežihov Voranc ....
an hour by bus or bike or 20minutes by car
Besides, that just brings room for alternatives to crop up, making it a healthier market
And now many people seem to want out
No, it's despicable that they're asking for permissions.
if you're on the top there is only one way you can go ;)
There is also very important thing to say about mexico.
That's an unconfirmed rummor and I hope it's only a rummor.
I actually hate the sport but really cringe when it's not called FOOTBALL
My mental health is more important.
Same in Slovenia
I spend a lot of time in Sweden and often hear that swedes are very reserved, and that's true somewhat.
We suffered from them just as much as everyone
Aye
If the Us puts rockets in northern Ukraine then you are finished
There's also quite a few historical workshops one can check out here (pottery, basketweaving, blacksmithing etc
They're more ruled by England than Slovenia or Croatia were by Serbia in Yugoslavia
Alps in the middle of the thunderstorm, with no shelter in vicinty
I didn't understand the concept of 'culture shock' until I went to China later.
Croatian has something different (that is, an alternative plural form for lower numbers), whereas Slovene has a distinct form for exactly 2 of something
That song almost caused my non-existence.
up until the 15th century there also existed christian timariotes
First of all if they are not at danger you can deny entry to anyone.
Because Slovenia is strange and whatnot
As long as 300k people are hitting italians shores every year , right will keep rising.
There’s a great video on YouTube about this:
It should be written in a side bar that country specific questions should be asked elsewhere.
Where is it
It sounds super feminine and adorable to me, for some reason
And he came back from Soviet Union because the russian send him to rule over Yugoslavia
I love how the characters in LOTR and The Hobbit all kept their original names, but the lands (middle earth-srednji svet; the shire-šajerska) were translated to be very silmilar to their origins
Poznam en zelo lep opuščen rudnik.
*Perhaps you could argue that some cities were founded as "an order" from the empire as military settlements, while others sprung up spontaneously as civilian cities*, but that's not clarified in the case of this map :)
Where's did 90000 of them disappear?
Over here we have opt-in system.
Diatonic button accordion or like we say [frajtonar'ca]
I know they complain about roads a lot but every road I driven was ok.
Same
Understandable if it were only up to a few individuals in government and education to enforce the language, but what puzzles me is the lack of initiative from the general populace
No, the closest to standard are Celje and Laško.
I just breezed through some prices and it's 5 to 10 times more expensive.
it is even more similar in pronounciation "schwetzka" and "schwitza"
It's still a topic of great debate and controversy
"Hey erdogan was right" said noone.
But with the situation in Europe as it is, European countries are forced to stand around while the European Parliament discusses how to be as humanitarian as possible.
In winter, we usually keep an inside temperature at around 24.
He knows not what he does, the Twitto
No, it's just that people in those countries are all Germans.
Imagine:
All you need to do is move towards where you are pointed at
70% of at least 4 member families have at least one pet.
By those standards fucking Molossia is a country.
However mb/s is not megabytes per second.
I think it's what makes us great (thanks Trump for ruining that word forever)
Želim rezati kruh
Homage to Catalonia 2018
Same with Hungary only Orban is more subtle about it
The Soviets were responsible for making a mess of Afghanistan decades ago, sure
But people didn't vote for a politician, they voted for a reality TV host.
I was in the city only 4 days, but it was great
I only know two relations: Nova Gorica-Bohinjska Bistrica and Nova Gorica - Ljubljana
Pretty fun few days
From 6 trains (4 were intercity, 2 were regional) that I took with CFR only two were delayed for 20 minutes
What the heck are those two dots on Slovenia?
And this holds true regardless of whether you moved from one village over or from Timbuktu
often just bring the whitnesses
There really isn't any
Not "just discovered" but still: [Link]
I'm proud of you, Polishbros
I think it would be safe to venture most of the country find the dialect of and around the capital city to be somewhat silly.
I mean, Trump won in the swing states (aside from Ohio) with very small leads, so if those polls are off or even a bit too generous they would be wrong.
Haha, my old part-time job we had a semi-ironic nazi and weapons collector who was the butt-end of the jokes most of the time, he surprisingly laughed with us most of the time
I've heard of "povodni mož", some kind of a water dwelling man, who'd steal people (women) and kept them in his underwater palace
Maybe baby human fish could be it
Things that seemed different to me (I was 12 at that time): they kiss you on the cheeks when they meet you, traffic is crazy, nothing happens on time, amount of women and girls in veils, prices for things on bazaars can always be lower than listed.
It's a common practice
Been there, it is so beautiful
Putin's Russia Seen Dominating European Energy for Two Decades - "Russia’s share of EU gas consumption will rise to 40 percent by 2035 from more than 30 percent now, according to BP."
I personally do plan moving to the countryside as soon as I don't need to be inside the city all the time because of career.
Freediving since we currently have a world record holder in that
On the other side you have a continent which is historically known for slaughtering each other until the whole continent burns
Shop was I believe in Plaça de la Reina, right before the cathedral
Dedek po mamini strani je preminil lani aprila v ne vem katerem letu starosti, 70-80 menda.
It's much more beautiful than Bled IMHO and less touristy
> Polski Fiat
Of all people it had to be Timmermans?
I feel like the whole Slovenian sub is like a private party with people having inside jokes I don’t get
In general, I sometimes 'lose' words in either Slovene or English
Because if you won't then someone else will
Probably leaving yugoslavia and giving everyone a reason to send in the tanks and then thinking we would become slavic Switzerland
[We went throught this before.]
Slovenija should be on the list
They're mostly concentrated along the coast and in industrial towns.
History teacher, primary school: "Americans did nothing in WW2
I like sea
The people who did suffer or are future generations of the ones who suffered on the other hand sometimes use that to fuel hate
I sleep for about 7h per night, which is not as much as I'd like, but good enough
But even back then a lot of nationalists saw them as controlled opposition, so they still preferred SDS.
"Sparkling Conqueror of China"
All the Slavs reading this - I understand that one word
When written, they seem similar.
How would Poles react to a false thread about the "Polish death camps"?
Or did i misunderstand something
Oh they most definitely are still in use, I see them every day :) But I agree, not all of them are bad.
I'm wondering, what's with the police officers on the photo in the article
A hot Ruso-Turco-merican threesome?
not exactly what you're looking for, but here's something to show the general idea:
I guess I'm dumb
It's the Reichtangle
Those courts would not be part of the regular judiciary of any country, but would be under the purview of one of the many super-national legal systems, like the ICC or the LCIA.
- This could be somewhat offtopic but the worlds oldest grapewine (Stara Trta) is also in Maribor
We have between 7 and 52, depending on who you ask
We have our own country lmao
In highschool they didn't care as long as they could read what was written
Yea you are right
Just look at the former and the current Socttish referendum movement
If you like the outdors, if you like mountins and hils, lush forests, open country vecinety of the sea good public education ect.
You mean for watching or participating?
Haha i met an older guy from Scotland in a hotel who told me his name was "Wallen", after three days i realised his name is actually William
You're more right (no pun intended) than you know
exectly and what germany has done has even more divided EU.
Same goes for my city quarter of Šiška, which at least Wikipedia claims was first mentioned in a peace treaty between HRE and Venice that was signed at the "old church", the ancient village centre of Šiška.
Was never once considered an Italian thing though
Lots of these words are only used in slang and have their slavic words.
Absolutely agree
Paisley and Renfrew were scary driving through
Basically impossible
Democratic party covers so much terrain they definitely represent American left too.
Mostly as part of school excursions.
Her parents bought them a candle made in Slovenia for their wedding and Donald and Melania wanted a candle made by the same company for their son's christening.
[Prekmurska gibanica] I refused to try it for years because it's ugly, but then I did and now I can't stop eating it.
This is pretty impressive, true
Does it taste similar to a peperami
Yes
Should and does are 2 different things
trying to get make religious studies mandatory in schools was a big one i remember from grade school.
Ljubljana is also very similar to cities like Graz, Vienna and Prague
[Prekmurje] is quite distinct from the rest of Slovenia in pretty much every way
Volim tvoje reke i gore, tvoje šume, polja i more, volim tvoje ljude ponosne, i ratara i pastira u frulicu kad zasvira, Jugoslavijo, Jugoslavijo.
for your own wedding you get 3 days off, 2 days for your children wedding
We have really good results in **sport climbing**, so I guess that's also popular somewhere.
So the steelworks in Jesenice doesn't count?
Paternity leave is now doubled from 2 to 4 weeks in Spain.
yup
Also the fact that we could go to Austria and Italy to buy things is actually a plus
In soviet Russia flair references you
Super warm one day, very cold next day.
Making vacations fun for everyone since 1844.
I don't understand why it would be considered under developed
Look up, you might be in some good company
They're sold on normal shelves in stores but pretty sure everyone puts them in a fridge at home
DPD once left it with my neighbour without me giving them permission
Could't be prouder right now
warzones, mobsters and oligarchs
Like, wtf even is that
I was listening to Peste Noir, and while I don't agree with Famine's political leaning I really like his music
Fat people and postponed rocket launches.
Well, you were probably in the town of Bled, and this picture is taken from the opposite side of the lake.
Unlike in many other countries (like the UK) where the capital has a reputation for being expensive, unfriendly and cultureless, Slovenia holds up only to the first point
Been there, done that
(slovenian has singular, dual and plural)
I have ancestors who were farmers, but they spoke German and were involved in court so i guess beeing the oldest, I would be excused from the army to work the field
I was there after several years and I must say now it's much prettier than it was before
That won't work with us, hehe
In most other communist/socialist countries, you could only dream about going to the west
[interesting]
Łódź for me
Buy all the maple syrup in the world, thus making them dependant upon us economically?
This is a big technological advancement
You are making things up despite photographic evidence of contrary.
The fact that things could have gone worse, doesn't make the actual course of history good, just less bad.
Croatia is really close to Slovenia, but it's just like I said, I personally see almost no difference whatsoever when I go to Austria
We (Slovenians) still say Ja for Yes
We had the right processor architecture (ARM was British at the time)
It deoends on where you live
They don't speak the same language
I've also spent a fair bit of time in Sweden at -10 to -30 and didn't really find it bothersome, I might just be a winter person
Europe is already realy federative.
Our far-left party is also softly eurosceptic.
Maybe the border regions are pulling the rest of us down
It's easier to learn than the other possibilities
slovenia, you tell me if you heard any stereotypes
Historically it was always a very multicultural city, so it's hard to say who really deserves it.
Being part of Yugoslavia
Can't tell doe
But they build roads and railvais ;)
If it's cone shaped, you should probably see a doctor
But Eastern european countries desperately need ukrainian workers.
If there is a region where people keep having five children or more, most of them will die (if you average over a long enough time) before they are old enough to reproduce themselves.
I think it's four: three years to get ILR (as a spouse of a citizen) + one year.
This map feels off, though
I don't know how I got that wrong.
All other media companies are regarded as 'communist' by them, even if they are actually nowadays quite liberal and were just founded in Yugoslav times
Because every country has different laws, that's why.
Valmala F
I don't think people ever turn to mention-worthy amount of violence, but international winter sport events are big around here
They just started appearing one day and there's lots of them.
This is the only musical: the mouth
" == "e.g.". Sklanjatev == declension
Well, I for one am quite well triggered.
Yet this fact is still largely unknown even in Slovenia
Without article 13, google and other news aggregators, and tech companies gain advantage, and with it old media and copyright owners gain advantage
Most common theme is 'Jesus loves you'. Honestly don't mind them that much, since they're not as up-front
I feel closer to Croatia than to, idk, Luxembourg but that's for other reasons.
Skavte pod avte
The EUs possition should always be that nations have the right to selfdetermination.
We had two who escaped prison few years ago and they wouldn't get any additional years for escaping
Also another issue is that the providers can change conditions like price and force them on you with no repercussions
I think one of [these] would be way more fitting.
Why report on it when it is normal?
Same in Tunisia
Tá súil agam chomh maith
In Slovenian, we also have kje (where), kam (where to) and kod (which way).
We may also use serbus (servus) as a greeting, everything car/engine/tool related (kuplunga - Kupplung)
If you have nothing worthwhile to say, just please shut your fucking mouth.
"Na Drini ćuprija" has been recommended to me by my father, now you reminded me that I have not read it yet.
I was wondering if anyone from Europe watches Super Bowl?
We went on a lot of paths like this with school.
Took my a while to realise what I'm looking at.
Because most European countries are generally more reserved
Not to mention that the northern parts of Upper and Lower Austria were still originally inhabited by Slavs before the Germans moved south, they just weren't part of Carantania
I don't know about train travel but if travelling by car you will for sure see military patrolling and checking cars.
Would the American electoral system be considered to be democratic enough to be accepted in the EU?
This whole Nokia thing always makes me mad
We don't have any people of other races in my country.
And Peter Florjančič who conceived the PERFUME ATOMIZER and AIRBAGS
Yea, that's what I heard as well.
I wish you best of luck in your effort to learn it.
If it's the same in Germany as it is here, it's because a hard shoulder is designed for broken vehicles, not to drive on
Alpine skiing, cross-country skiing and ski jumps all draw drunk and loud crowds
They broke up upon crossing
He's a much more thought out speaker than Trump but is basically copying the alt-right rulebook insulting, lying, playing victim, etc
I still can't hold a conversation in German, even though I am studying it for 5 years now
As a respected person and ex mayor of Ljubljana (our capital), he was asked by fascist invaders during WWII to become mayor again and help them pacify the rebellious population
Oh my God, I can barely even say that hah
Where in Scotland is Focurc Lanwurt spoken?
Of course it can reject you, and oftentimes does.
Especially try to refrain from spreading them.
I just bought a whole chicken for 2.99
When I read how Orban and Kaczinsky behave towards the media, their discourse sounds strikingly familiar
In few words, time to learn German.
Ground floor has books in Slovene and textbooks+technical books in all languages and first floor has foreign-language fiction, biographies etc
I don't know who's famous right now.
I'm not talking about uniqueness, I'm talking about non-similarities with Bosnian culture
in Sloveve, I say Budimpešta (š being sh in English, you could say), as that is the Slovene name for Budapest
Liquorice is not really popular here.
Nobody in our country squats unless it's someone in the middle of the woods defecating.
Why would I have problems with local sheriffs
Have they forgotten what happened early to mid 20th century
Google translate to Slovene says 86% *would like to stay* in Spain, not that they do stay.
I think you just have a fetish for sprinkling water :p
Ljubljana I find a bit too clean and proper.
I think every state in the US should have the right to cesede at any time for whatever reason.
After his ridiculous "homesick" photo: [photo] there was a mini trend going around, called ["boruting"] .
Propaganda is the same as in any other country, and like he said...
I'd say around Ankaran or a bit to the north
Wonder what Marine Le Pen thinks about this.
Yes, germany is the promissed land for many of my countryman.
I am not saying Putin didnt try and reform some of it, but still.....
The one on Metelkova was squatted by various youth movements back in the 80's and has become a hub of counter-culture ever since and is one of the most recommended tourist destination behind only Bled
First thought Australia, but New Zealand seems like a safer option.
- Ljubljana: Arrogant assholes with too much money, corrupt mayor
You blow your whole day in school.
Villach(we call it Beljak) is also very known here(beside Graz)
More or less all of our history
Croatian president poses with pro-Nazi regime symbol
🇬🇧 deffinatly, folowed closly by 🇭🇷
fugg :DD
I like sea
According to [this] she is actually less likely to win in the second round if she runs against Macron than if she runs against Fillon.
What shitty laws are being passed and what are some good ones that are neglected?
checking map, pretty sure I was somewhere near Obrezje.
I am glad that Greece is growing for last two quarters which means they are technically out of recession.
I've had some Americans try "dobré ráno" and "ako sa máš" on me ...
I dunno, pretty sure most, if not all, of you know you border Yugoslavia to the east, right?
More probably it's a male version of Tijana/Tiana, which is a Slovene version of Serbian/Croatia Tihana.
they would have probably received the great honor of being among the last Slavs to be gassed, had history turned otherwise
Hate speech in Slovenia is illegal, but somehow it isn't illegal for *some* people.
I'd guess like Poland since is leaning quite far right right now and is in general pretty religious.
"Cerkev svete Marije" = Churh of St Mary
Think Oz or maybe The Wire
Not really
Brown bear and Wild boar females are probably most dangerous if you encounter them with cubs
Talking Tom was invented by a Slovenian man
Joining firefighters is like joining scouts.
His ancestry includes English, German, Irish, and Scots-Irish.
really
I have never heard of that nor anything similar.
No idea about Maribor, it's a failed town
That's english's thing
I love their culture and love for their land.
You are lucky I'm to fat to run after you because that food would be mine!
0 to 19 is t-shirt weather
The exception were those of us who chose history for our *matura* (*Abitur*)
I'm not impressed by people who body build but everything else he has done and how far he's come is amazing
they started to use the same phrases (fake, msm, fakenews) and it's hilarious.
Hungary - Madžarska
This isn't one of the Republics anymore.
The best way to define a communist country is to see if it's ruled by the communists, and Yugoslavia was.
They are **all** named *Barney*...
Lidl has just cheap stuff and the knock-off versions of the well-known brands
I know it's used in Austria and Slovenia, maybe a few other countries.
Now a few people (inculding the former director of the powerplant) are convicted
25th is a holiday but it's just another day, people usually visit family or do nothing
Celovec, Beljak & Gradec shall soon be liberated
We figure it's mixed between chihuahua and pinscher.
I didn't know that and imagined that jacuzzi was a type of hot tub
Choose set flair where you choose the country
You're speaking the highest forms of truth
Edit: lmao forgot I can speak German
They're also obsessed with fame, money and looking all fancy and rich
It's been this way more or less since I've been alive
I think different systems and schools we have around Europe don't translate well into English.
And Trojane also has a blueberry filling.
Do you think people touch tap with their mouth or what?
The so called Australians are coming here uninvited and taking away good, decent, hardworking European parody jobs.
and so on, and so on [sniff, sniff, touches nose]
Generally speaking it's pretty hard to get yourself a hipovitaminosis in Europe without some other underlying cause.
Slovenian and Croatian are both slavic but barely the same, some people have told me that our language sound arabic to them
the general feel in the country, and now countries.
Cheap & old
I may have just climbed out of my cave after 2 years of sitting in one place but I am pretty sure that bears don't count as human civilization and I am pretty sure the virgin forests of Kočevje wanna talk to you
Yes, I do consider Armenia and Georgia to be European.
This metric makes Eastern Europe look terrible, because communists nationalized all the large private property there.
Anyone working full-time (40 hours/week) gets at least the minimum wage, with those working part-time getting the appropriate proportion.
The language between places like Croatia, Bosnia and Serbia is the same, or at least super duper similar
I guess we're in the way :/
Because let's be honest: *slovenščina* and *slovenčina*...
It was in 2012 and thank god it improved for us since then, but I'm still reminded sometimes
Depends on the circumstance
Serbia is also makig many investments into the republic and also strengtening tise with the federation.
Below 5°C is warm jacket cold
the properties are intrinsic, the value is given to it by people
plus people mostly live in the center of the country, around the capital
5g of alcohol per kg of blood (i hope i said that right) but that regulation imo does nothing
Italy/Rome
Then they'd find another way to humiliate you, until you couldn't pretend you're just having some fun with them.
You will have to rephrase that to be more clear.
Our parkings close to hiking trails look like [this] although in some popular places there might be [official parking]
The country is nothing without its people.
Also, super simple to learn
I remember his name was used as an escape goat in 1997 Indonesian finansial crisis
15k+ upvotes with second top post with only 500 upvotes
It sounds different if you put in "In the name of Allah", but that is because people are being killed in the name of Allah every day.
>  It's another thing their politicians aren't as corruput as ours and that they prospered in the last 30 years
What else can they spend it on?
But what about the Spanish inquisition
It's actually kind of a compliment to you guys, and I do think how France has been stepping up for the past year or two has been great
A lot, including the ruins
Don't be loud, don't be obnoxous
So we are not allowed to speak about places we haven't lived in?
Ok sit on the edge of a bridge adn tie waights (i sugest cinder blocs) around ech one of your lims.
Lepzig using the loophole to own the company is the same thing as selling rights to sponsors.
Its like looking at the old english monetaty devisions, Do you also use kubits to mesure your buildings?
The thing that broke the camels back was privatization of criminal charges.
It seems like a good way of gaining advantage over competitors.
I feel like most people are in favour.
It would be stupid for Slovenia to play this high geopolitics game.
Also Bosnia, where the Bosnian is either dumb or comes up with something that sounds dumb but is genius in its simplicity
There are 4 types of Eastern Europe; political, cultural, religious, and geographical, in decreasing order of usage
Teramo I
I absolutely don't want the chief of the government to be directly elected, especially not through electoral college.
No one gives a shit about black people.
First the perception among people and some other more objective let say agency.
You see, even god loves Nikolić
Following the civil war in 1945 the country is in a constant state of sort of civil cold war (or cold civil war?) and it somewhat seems that many people live as if it was still 1945 (in regards to politics, not otherwise).
They need to man up
There are a lot of rules in English that I still don't understrand, even after 10 years of speaking it
Slovenian son-in-law
Found guilty, but no punishment.
If black guy is the owner he can discriminate against white people easily.
We use both systems but you're only ever going to use the regular 12 hour system in conversation.
I think it's "karola" in Slovene Littoral
We are a civilized people, we don't hawe brawls in bars.
In Slovenian, we have different degrees of formality when declining verbs etc.
A deal would still result in the UK leaving and compromising the rest of the union just to make it easier for the UK is just not going to happen
I did orienteering at Taborniki (non-religious Scouts)
Wait, is polenta obscure
Apparently socks and sandals are the new hipster thing
Just EU level please
The percentage of foreigners is too high especially considering how many want to act like they are still back home.
You just need to spell "Ljublj", then add "Ana" in the end
- četrta moška sklanjatev (dežurni, -ega)
I suspect the current deal, as it is, is best for the EU
Study: Islamic fundamentalism is not a marginal phenomenon in Europe
Unless you meet a black person who just wants to play a victim, saying black is perfectly fine
We always drink tap water
Please solve your identity crisis in another way.
Italian - Makaronarji - Macaronis
The situation now is different.
Happy new decade
Religion just simply wasn't celebrated on a national scale.
Everything is cheap when I go on vacation and I don't even have to convert currency.
Seems like we're doing pretty well.
Local pub is the winter version of a firemens ball.
You actually thought you'd retire someday?
Does the person take political issues personally?
He fancies Orban's model of illiberal democracy and wants to introduce it over here
Because as long as people are focused on some organisation as the enemy I only see us going in circles and killing each other
If you have a 50% stake in a company then have a 50% percent in its expenses or in this case, radioactive waste
One of our previous PM's and current mayor of Ljubljana was born in Serbia
I think the first political unit to materializw slovene nationhood without any constraint was the People's Republic of Slovenia
I would say people in MB are nice, sometimes overly nice and talkative, they're just very annoying with their complaining and ugly dialect
And it isn't similar to Scandinavian languages at all, what are you smoking?
Don't you see the chicken
But I might be wrong, or I've interpreted things in a wrong way
Dont listen to the CIA thes thaught TITO was a Russian and that Sadam had nukes.
Everyone I know thinks of Baltic as a geographic position, same as Iberia, Apennines, Balkan, Scandinavia...
I do not have information about any administration houses
Ljubljana has 130% more average anual precipitation than London.
Exactly
Schools in cut of vilages remained open during Žledolom.
Right now, as YOU say, those jobs are not well paid, which means that people who do those jobs often do them for motives other than money, with UBI money would be even less of a factor for them, and I for one would rather my teachers and nurses are not purely money motivated.
Felt like dying in humid 40 weather, let alone 50
- buy or make (from old curtains) reusable and washable bags for fruits and vegetables
Croatia
We also say "prede" which would be translated to spin, like spinning wool
Although this derivation isn't well know around these parts, I'm not sure how it is in Russian.
Icelandic is hands down the best Germanic language, and I really like the sound of many Slavic languages.
If *they* turn out to be the only honest car manufacturer in Europe I'll buy a 500.
Un gars, une fille (It's from Canada, but the original is in French) and Versailles.
Very tall
Probably the rooth was torn off.
So *that's* where GRRM got the idea from for the battle of blackwater
V vsakem primeru gre za bulšit
Kvass is only eastern Europe thing
We shouldn't react when he talks, but when he acts.
So some dialects have more Italian words, others have more German words
We had around 8000-12000 of them daily around 20th - 28th October if I'm not mistaken.
Yeah man i wish it was 4m of snow here
The post attempts to deliver to anyone at your address who answers the door, so I suppose you could pick something up for anyone in the building
It's a law here that you need a wicker basket and you need to cut off mycellium in the woods.
Went on a walk and met these nice goats.
Slovenians when we see our country mentioned anywhere: "I don't have anything meaningful to contribute but I will comment anyway so people know Slovenians noticed this
I think it did, especially when it comes to women.
Just in my town there are 11 of them, [mass graves in Slovenia] and we're a town of 10K people.
Boars are little, well not so little, shittheads.
We have that too, but it's [more saucey] I hate it.
I may have worded it i a way you dont like, but its all true
There are some big industries still in the smaller towns, such as Velenje, Novo Mesto, Kranj etc
Edit: forgot to add the most used one, *ja* for ˝yes˝. I never say *da*, and i have never met a Slovene who would use *da* instead of *ja* in every day conversation
what do you mean by "American poverty and criminals"
She didn't know Norway had to be taken by force
Unless you know someone, you don't stand close to them, yes
Our state doesn't and won't care.
I am smarter than this
or -ak
Wait that actually was Croatia
Maybe they shouldn't have had guns in the first place.
Wait, there's a /r/casualeurope
You can even access most tourist things conveniently enough by train.
Holy shit this is one of the best pictures I've seen on here
you also get a paid leave (1 day) when your child goes to school for the first time
If you want to prematurely destroy the human race, go ahead.
Should have seen an outrage by jewish and muslim communities here when our ombudsman for human rights said circumcision of boys without medical reasons is a violation of their rights.
Our posts and comments often get downvoted for no apparant reason.
They integrate better then muslims though.
ask on their subreddits, they could point you in the right direction
Every country guards it's national interests vehemently and I can't see how OPEC selling oil in dollars isn't in US interests.
Zahod: Slevene west, sunset ; SCBM Toilet
I'll never forget a conversation I had with a Canadian tourist I chatted up on a train a few years back
In croatia a would say
I may watch some winter sports or snooker sometimes but that's basically it.
A part of a roman wall that people still climb and there is a well still preserved under one of our main squares in Ljubljana
Why would it be that dangerous?
A slang word, not to be used in formal situations.
The savings accounts are like 30 € per month allowance
And based on history, that once time papa Le Pen got into second round, Chirac, who most people utterly hated at that point still won with the largest margin (or something).
So conservative media paints everyone not a conservative religious asshole as 'liberal'. Even though republicans are also liberals in the normal meaning of the word
Nobody]
The declaration or geting permition from the UN securety council?
Of course there's no evening left then.
At least from my experience, the Czech Railways are a great and cheap company so whenever I will go back to these countries, I will go by train
Yeah, but if something is more similar to A than to B, couldn't an argument be made that it should be classified as A instead of B?
In gymnasium (high school), only a couple of professors had either.
Terrorism is very much a European invention.
Darüber freuten sich alle, vor allem aber der Hottentottenstottertrottelmutterbeutelrattenlattengitterwetterkotterattentäterfangprämienempfänger
There was this one guy (dead now) who lived on Velika Planina permanently for 50 years.
I just wish to say that going on reddit and seeing a thread about Slovenia pinned down was quite a surprise!
So 25/26 in summer is appropriate in my apartment*.
Another problem was that pro-lgbt people thought that the referendum would not get through (a minimum of ...
She said it was an old name not really used any more, but I gotta say I find it extremely cool.
And what exactly is the difference
We also have it in Slovenia
I live in arguably the worst (economically) region in Slovenia.
People are still torn by it
from Zasavje, haven't met the other guy yet, but it's nice to hear there's some of us left.
Then the government put together a proposal for a new law (družinski zakonik), the opposition gathered enough signatures to have a referendum, and the law wasn't passed.
Nothing will change for a while
Same thing happened in Slovenia like a month ago
Did you mean prekmurska, not primorska
Forget it, current situation allows suits politicians too much.
In SLO from every worker's paycheque an obligatory insurance fee  is deducted that goes to the public health insurance company
I did however point out where this prejudice comes from
Not sure if it qualifies, but maybe the [dangerous road sign] Most of the time a variant of this sign with an exclamation mark appears
If that would be Trump, JJ would be main simp in the chat
- četrta srednja sklanjatev (Krško, -ega)
Ah so that's where they collect all the bikes they've stolen in the early '40s.
Croatia stealing our sea
You are reading way too much into it.
Cunts like that tend to think very highly of themselves.
Right, it's just that I visited Portugal (area around Porto) in late September a few years ago and the temperatures were still in high 20s/low 30s, so I was surprised to see that area have temperatures of around 23°C at the moment
It was kind of focused on the articles and not much else
Emergency corridor has to be made as soon as traffic starts slowing down and there are signs of a congestion
While all racism is discrimination not all discrimination is racism
And Central Europeans can just fuck off?
Also, the way Yugoslav economy worked was closer to the East than to the West.
I can't understand being proud of where I was born, I had no choice in the matter.
I mean it's not like there's anyone like that to offend here, so I guess it doesn't really matter
Left and right towers look a bit sad
'Barbie, and not a bad guy': meet Borut Pahor, Slovenia's Instagram president
It didn't help
Jocks and cheerleaders
One year came the turn of the nobleman’s daughter to be sacrificed
The Dublin administration said the EU's competition watchdog had interfered with its sovereignty in finding that the tech giant enjoyed a special deal allowing it to pay 0.0005% tax in 2014 - 50 euro for every one million of profit.
more strict corruption sentences would be appropriate.
We don't have any such categories.
Because of username
When they were conplaining about jews when the guy was in the 🇪🇺 parlament.
Right now strawberries, blueberries and other seasonal food is poor quality and expensive.
Never felt unsafe even as a 12 year old walking home from friends birthday parties
They're still part of a European country.
Doesn't it bother the people that your country's language is not used
There are not so much Slovenian tho
In a very bad direction
Everything up until "sto volkov" (a hundred wolves) is simply volkov (no "i" at the end), and then the pattern repeats with "sto in en volk" (a hundred and one wolf), "sto in dva volkova" (a hundred and two wolves) and so on
Ah, the mythical Russian troll.
The things that we experienced back then would have been totaly unacceptable today
Depends on price
We have special pens for left-handed here
Witout him.life would be boring.
Any idea yet what you want to do in Slovenia or what you want to do?
I hope she makes it
Obviously at those parties, our parents were present and hanging out themselves
because I was always there mostly for skiing and I don't like that
I dont get why are we concerned with terrorism and fringe islam, when we have 8-9 million ultraconservative muslims in Europe.
for stupid american special snowflakes
I feel like every 4th house has a Bernese here.
I can just immagine candle aka.
Because a huge entity has its issues
Itinerary check/advice Sicily, Italy
slow clap
Back then Austrian meant anyone who lived in the Austrian part of the country, including Slovenes
Each ID crd gest a different par of the country.
Which may even be how it really is.
You are normal
I don't think there's a side that didn't in WW2 tbh but that doesn't excuse it.
To me it is insane to pay for the annoying, polluting and time wasting airplanes when we have such better options available
Depends on how you define a city
Most people <40 would likely never have heard of that though, if their grandparents weren't ww2 storytellers
> Roosevelt was idealistic though and he was our leader
Do you feel more connected to Germanic speaking countries just because you speak a Germanic language?
Sometimes
Why should we change from pints to litres in pubs?
You will not find major metropoles in Slovenia.
Another one of those stupid questions.
I live in Zasavje, where the miners and coal come from, our region is called "mat kurba" and I'll tell you the levels of violence of any kind have fallen dramatically since the 90's.
They get an IV with whitening stuff, they call it Cinderella treatment
but IF the treatment is available here and you are dissatisfied with it and go abroad...
It felt just right in t-shirt
It actually came to it during the Napoleonic era when Illyrian provinces were established.
2020 _please_. Haven't we had enough
Does a nation need a country to exist?
Some people have a room rented or are staying with relatives but are considered homeless.
Not one recepies is the same, to cater to the market they sell to.
A normal family gathering is just close family members for something like Christmas or easter, gathered around the kitchen table, that's all
That's like an hour and a half drive.
That's exactly how it is
There's also stories about Turkic conquest
Surprised we seem to be the minority here - no
I think it's more popular in rural areas.
Lots of old Albanian and Bosnian women wear them.
Or can you do, for example, medicine at Uni even if you attend 'the art route'?
I think the lowest measured temperature in my city was around -27°C.*
As two other users have pointed out for their respective countries same applies here.
Doesn't it also mean sick in Serbo-Croatian?
For starters, actually helping the southern states like Italy and Greece economically as well as with the migrants.
At first I though he's peeling Scottish flag off like a sticker and I was wondering why it's so badly drawn
A teacher could actually send you out of a classroom if he/she saw you wearing same shoes as outside.
While I wouldn’t move to the gulf states, when I finish my engineering degree, I would sure as hell love to work there
And then there's [this Space center] in a little nearby village
And since that's expensive, it's much better if Europe can do it alone
Green frog before the plebiscite
Some parents called her Hitler.
There's lots of info boards on these paths and learning activities.
Our apartment was in Krakow but we took a day trip to Warsaw and I loved the architecture there (as we don’t really have that many skyscrapers back home)
As a consequence I would probably have no problems to communicate all over Italy and former Yugoslavia
If we never opened the border to the migrants, we wouldn't be in this situation, or it at least wouldn't be as bad as it is.
Maybe also a less retarded European Commission
Basically we do have an extreme left
Our polititians are much mlre extreem.
Higher up the hill, more remote, nicer the houses
“German nation”
At least until recently
There used to be a lot of german shepherds, golden retrievers, labradors, english cocker spaniels, toy poodles, yorkies, shi-tzus, pekingese, maltezers and west highland terriers.
Depends also what part of Slovenia you're from.
Below 5°C is warm jacket cold
And not a single person said they are from the Netherlands
Kurent - god of unrestrained pleasure and hedonism
The nobleman was so grateful to his daughter’s savior that he had the Church of St
Italians come here for cheaper gasoline
You see why I ask "wich independance"a 🇵🇱 has many
Yea, they definitely have it in Maribor.
I think some of the banks automatically refuse any transaction originating in another country as a safety measure.
We call them Americans
Cant even look Joe in the eye as he took papa Donald from him
Apparently, like me, he also found it more practical :(
Not impressed by their meat and prepackaged food sections (esp
Swimming, athletics, gymnastics, judo, fencing, kayak, canoe, whatever is on the TV really.
On health-care, social support and education the whole continent is on the left side of pretty much any American politician (including democrats).
It wanst russian bacled and it was unveled by Serbia.
What started it
They're struggling to find 300
Radenska for any mineral water
This is a Slovenian version with less clothes and less talent
It won't be a military threat to anyone any time soon.
It's Lolek IN Bolek in Slovene...
21, 22, 23
Listen, I would imagine it was very difficult to have a legal abortion in Poland even before this, so I assume the vast majority of abortions are illegal or made out of country, which means this doesn't really change much
Yeah, better comparisons
and Millions of americans agree with Trump.
Barcelona is also a big software hub and since you speak B2 , I would recommend you Spain.
Yeah, but we would be there
One better
I have never heard of him before.
You hailed the rise of your fascist kingdom and killed people viciously.
So cut your crap with downplaying what happened here.
I am smarter than this
I'm not French, I'm just shitposting from a safe distance.
:) It's been a long time since I worked on academic texts, but the one you posted seems to be too complicated and it doesn't quite get the message across
translation 'between two fires'), which is kind of like dodgeball but we usually only use one ball.
We went out, came back at 10pm, went to sleep with normal clothes on because no one had the guts to even check the shower rooms and we wanted to get the hell out first thing in the morning
And often times they put a weird human sized doll next to it
Turkish airlines is one of the best airlines in the world.
Americans don't have the balls to take them back.....
Additionally many plants that are somewhat insect fertilizing can also self-fertilize
She was traveling alone through Europe before she settles down, a woman in her early 30s. She was amazed how the people viewed age differently in Europe, she was considered old to start a family whereas in Canada they considered it normal, young even
Its the most important value of european societies for me.
I've never heard about the France surrender joke in real life and 95% of time I encounter it is on Reddit
Everyone has so much problems with us smokers but no one would like to admit how awful alcohol is
How appropriate for this thread
They're too much of orthodox Marxists.
Every now and then you'll hear of an erotic massage place or a night club being raided under suspicion of prostitution/human trafficking, which is almost always a case.
Ivan Cankar
Like fucking Baška grapa
Sitting with the other Balkans, but not feeling very welcome there, therefore trying desperately to join the conversation with the other countries
Normal but not everyday meal
Both weren't too great
France Prešeren is a very big figure here.
We had snow like two weeks ago
Because no way we (Slovenia) will close our biggest coal power station, it only recently started operating and it costed 1,5 bn €, way too much to run only for a decade
Yep, Always an European Union flag.
"Kdo se boji črnega moža?" I always imagined this black man as some kind of boogey man and not like actual black person
Government should be the voice of the people but it's not
The poeple who are part of the minority mostly speak fluent slovene too
Spitting out chicken feet bones and spitting in general.
That it turned permanent is just another failure of that system.
I always joke that Cerkno dialect sounds like the black tongue of Mordor.
ICTY Prosecutor Brammertz Criticizes Croatia’s Reaction to Arrests in Bosnia
Didn't you just say we need to evolve beyond coal?
What also fits well for Slovenes, is that it's also a drinking poem and a carmen figuratom in shape of a cup
Pro-Yugoslav Montenegrins Oppose German War Cemetery ::
Sorry
It would probably be easier to just move it to a Sunday no?
1st, assasement of everyone applying into Faculty of Education.
Serbia as one of the guarantees of Dayton would not want this to happen, because it would mean trouble for everybody.
Had a good laugh.Thank you sir.
Look if there was war in norway.
Viva la France indeed, but fuck charlie hebdo
No of course not
Slovenian here - I don't think anyone here considers modern Macedonia anything other than one of the Yugoslav constituent republics, and certainly not an entity with any relation to what we learned about in history class about antiquity
It also used to be a tradition for women to go see Chippendales on the 8th of march and go totally berserk afterwards.
Ne morem verjet da ni spet Bled že 24794tič.
Obligatory "Trst je naš"(Trieste is ours) and "Hrvat je tat"(A Croat is a thief) memes
I don't know what it is with history teachers
Trees are good
We don't have fluoridated salt.
Seriously though my friend is a Croat and his mother always makes a shitload of food and forces us to eat until we are more than full and than some because you don't want to be rude, same goes for a Serbian friend and his family.
It goes towards Germany almost killing its neighbors' power grids when it surges
Yeah, but just the thought of someone that is so detached from how the internet works in politics is worrying
A third of all replies in this thread are about them
I don’t know for me it’s a silly tradition because the little ones are very scared of them and I don’t know why they should be
[Verboten] was a pop singer here once upon a time.
We learn about world religions in 'Civic education and culture and ethics' class
The tragedy of hundreds of serb lives lost due to the genocidal Croatians.
The other is a magical, free living, bohemian, violin playing/dancing artist.
If you'll be there with a car, go over Vršič pass to Soča valley.
You learn something new everyday
Area around Celje was 1st settled in Neolithic and Bronze age by the Hallstatt culture.
Prekmurje used to have its own language standard derived from their dialect, which is really specific and very different from standard slovene, but this hasn't evolved in a true national movement
They harden, for the same reason why you get goosebumps.
In Slovenian schools language of instruction is Slovenian and they teach Italian as 2nd language and vice versa in [Italian] schools
If I chose Croatia or Austria, Slovenes in the west would feel excluded and vice versa.
And the first album I really got into is entitled L'ordure A L'etat pur, and because my knowledge of French is like non-existent, I thought this meant something like The order of pure state or something, while it's actually something like Boils and zits (someone who knows French can correct me)
We get taxed that much and get shit pay on top of that (Slovenia)
When the "old" Gorica (Gorizia in italian) was awarded to Italy in 1947, Yugoslavia decided to build a "new Gorica" on our side of the border
Is it within reasnoble distance?
It had no mandate of the Serbian goverment, or the UN securety council.
Exactly
It's a barely cogent rant, quoted ravings included.
Nah, she was shit regarding history in general
A potem imajo tudi v drugih državah 'kmetavze' in 'frajerje', ki dirkajo in se pretepajo vse poprek
Beside, this is not the right place to ask questions like this.
Oh and I use the pre 1918 terminology here for clarity
Mesopotamia, Egypt, China, Indus, hettits, greeks, Phoenicians, Carthage, Rome, Celts
Nokia laughed at iPhone
But I'm not talking about a few beggars, or stuff I read on facebook feeds.
Is that a hard proposition
For most of primary school you’re required to write in cursive and even in secondary school most people are used to writting in cursive so the majority still use it then and even later on in life
What is your point
And of course entering a gym with shoes you wear outside was a big no-no.
I'd probably have to say Russian
Are these used for regular card games
It's not the same language, not because of foreign influences
Stay strong, Croatia
One of the most popular hills near Ljubljana - Šmarna Gora has loads of myths about Turks, as it was used as a refuge during their raids
I don't Russia is too bothered by you guys opposing gravy covered fries
Don't you guys have more reason to work in geramy, study in germany.....
The vast majority of everything written is written in "standard" Slovene which is also taught and analysed in school
Given name (only one) + father's surname, or on rare occasions both father's and mother's surname
That being said, I would love it but I don't expect people to for a second give up on trivial fun for others' lives
Here almost everybody has one
> we remove Slovenia
Apart from the picture of course :)
> bear’s blood
Well, he did say in one of his posts he has a mental disorder, so maybe you're right.
Now that I think, I haven't seen Krtek on TV for years.
You can find recipes to prepare them in old cookbooks, but I've never seen anyone prepare and eat them in my life
Biathlon is held there every year since Idk...
It's the anxiety, frustration, lack of opportunities and defeatist attitude that pushes them into these radical beliefs, inceldom or similar and all as a result of the way modernization changed human interaction for the worse
[This part] and that river battle before it.
Ljubljana (the capital) and Maribor (the second largest)
Not sure what it has to do with the EU.
Going to Koper through Italy saves 15 minutes
Yes, but goverment managed to change RTV management, things might change in the future
Has he ever answered that question
Italians hunt for everything accross their borders.
You do know the EU also has mutual protection pact built in?
Granted, it's only about art forgery, but even so it demonstrates nicely how even experts' opinions can be totally worthless.
Basanje z bureki v petek zvečer in žar enkrat na mesec poleti
O Bože.
I love turkish
Anyways we’re used to it
It's a thing around Slovenske Konjice, probably extending to Šentjur, Šmarje...
[You sure?] There are even sub groups in sub groups.
Way too often to the point that I feel like I can barely speak Slovene
Purely human error
Eh, I'd be so happy if someone messed up and sang the first stanza of Slovenian anthem (which is about getting drunk).
According to Wikipedia, one miracle is still needed for beatification, but apparently not for martyrs.
Immagine a stain that shit would live on my wals when I smack it.
And the idea that someone would bother to even keep a tank gun pointed at some random car for 20km at snails pace is idiotic
Invading the Netherlands is one thing
Smoking is prohibited in public indoor spaces, and should be more regulated outdoors aswell (special spots for smokers separate from non-smokers) but alcohol should be completely prohibited for drivers
Italius for good pizza and pasta.
They mostly don't cause bigger problems also some of them even work.
Croatia is a clear winner here
Primorska (litoral region) - I don't know about any jokes (but if they exist they must be weather related), but we are looked down on (especially northern part)
At least that's what google translate says :p
Until the russian army steps in
It is but it's ok we're used to it
There is also a specialized shop that offers American sweets
About 25C.
I am sorry i was counting us as a balkan and eastern europe.
[Ours]  are cuter
Edit: found out we have a limit at used characters
Of course we live in them, its qualety construction.
Money is needed to keep your supporters loyal - if you make deals with those organizations you have it
Please send some snow to me
However the state and church should be separate to prevent potential harm to the democratic process
Yeah :D That's a dash not a minus sign
If it is an irregular occurence, it sucks unbelievaly
Turns out Slovenia used its own Pepe the Frog way back in 1920
Is a Dane some other word for a duck in english
Y'know, free education, no worrying about going broke over a broken arm etc
Takoj ko bojo občine odprte pridem
Also there is usually great difference between dialects which makes standardization a bit difficult.
I know I never managed to eat just one per day.
The fact that the inferior product will have exactly the same branding as your superior product will make that harder.
Bruhanja vas (puking village)
Well Slovenia is on the border between [Central Europe and Balkan] and even though the majority of geographical land stays in central Europe we are still mixed into Balkan and that's the main problem why people dispute about it
Feels like half of Kosovo is here.
The colors are way off
and Drava (Maribor)
Well here, when i was like 5 we had snow in Ljubljana, like quite a bit of it
TIL there is Yugoslav masterrace.
About the irredentism; I am aware that this is just part of his nationalist discourse
It's spread throughout Eastern Europe
Heil spellcheck
Can't fight that, right
Like their situation won't change until the source from where the government gets the money changes
It doesn't bother me at all - I like that I get to practise spoken English.
Ja, [denarna socialna pomoč] = 292,56€.
Just think how the people that walked on that floor never even imagined that one day some guy will upload on some kind of virtual world a picture of their floor and thousands of people from different parts of the world will see it on a piece of glass in front of them
I live alone (since I was 25)  with two cats, support myself financaly and I'm paying off a loan for the apartment
You are a real futuristic optimist buddy.
What happens when a French citizen does something something in some other country that is illegal there, but not in France?
Not even we need a word for that, and there's way fewer of us
3 times the population of Slovenia you say?
Not popular, but present
We use Krigl for beer too, I much prefer the Krigl glasses than the more modern wine-looking glasses for beer
Make your vote count in May
When the leader is overthrown/changed the new leader still needs to pay the same people for loyalty, make business with immoral organizations to stay in power etc
The institute is part of the reasearch centre of the Slovenian academy of sciences and arts
But tell me how we should accept them into Eu.
Possibly also true
he could come to the country to see the sights but no official would greet him in a formal manner to talk or negotiate.
[Cockta] for sure
Who in the hell has a negative opinion on Liechtenstein
Are they all so chill there
Kaj si mi reko, prokleti peder pofukani
You have a pile of papers going back to the Magna Carta.
What are some songs dedicated to your country or its people (apart from your anthem)?
Are you saying you don't form [groups] and/or that there is no bullying?
> I have never experienced a temperature below -9° C, but its probably really bad
Aha, so according to the photo it's the same as in village mosques in Bosnia, all the men in the front, all the women in the back.
Owned by muricans, your barila is.probably GMO from 🇺🇸
Thanks, totally missed that :)
Climate change affect the whole life on Earth
If you want it, you have to sign up for it each week at the terminal or online
You should educate the pour soul
Idk, it's always rated very highly
From floods, to sleet
I'd say the 3rd one
I am not sure if there are different tours, but the one I have been on didn't include it.
We've been having **massive** protests against his fascist-like power grab, his extreme anti-environment policy, his anti-democratic constitution amendment and his illegal pandemic profiteering (and also against capitalism in general) in many cities across our country for weeks, and the number of protestors is only increasing every week
[Ansambel Lojzeta Slaka - Studenček]
I live in an apartment building in a city and people who live in a house next to my building have chickens.
I've walked home many times at 4am from parties wearing short skirts, heels etc
But two empty sets have equal cardinality.
From the last decade
Have you been to the countryside as well or just the big cities?
Why should we make phones and let Google take the profits
France isn't south america just because it has a bit of land there.
financal jobs, how about you reopen the coal mines.
Depends how the things will pan out with scotland?
We get 0 cool bands/concerts
And I don't care about Ronaldo but I do like seeing how very into the game he is.
Do you realize what this means!!!!
I guess as far as I understand it, like countries that are vital to the Union's existance.
In Slovenia we say Austrian Carinthia and Austrian Styria just so we know we are talking about our northern neighbours
A local showed us 2 euro beers during a happy hour (Serbia vs France at basketball)
But since Bratislava is on the Austrian border and I'm from Styria, where dialects generally use many German words (I sometimes joke it's like German Creole), it went just fine
Maybe we should drop 🇬🇷 from the 🇪🇺 and be done with it?
edit2: This is for major (round) birthdays or round wedding anniversaries, nor normal 'family gatherings', obviously
The military knows how to get info budy.
One example of ambiguity is “Srečal je prijatelja, ki mu je dal darilo”. (He met a friend who gave (had given) him a gift/whom he gave a gift”)
We could also use that clothes horse thing people already posted but there's currently no need.
Street is a road but not every road is a street.
It's definitely of little value, in most cases does little to lessen the burden on groups and views which lie outside of established rhetoric and often it only makes the authority more difficult to pinpoint and criticize.
As a slovenian I feel ofended
I also never plan 1 year in advance, maximum 2 months and I can still do it.
Tollo F
Actualy packeting datta was invented by the rench.
Good, at least we know who to shot first when we recllaim our slavic land of the once gread Sams tribal union.
Can you tell me Ljubljana, Maribor and Koper's region
Kinda so so
Obviously no one gives that tradition much attention.
So you're saying, when I go skiing for a week to your country, I have to buy dictionaries and pronounciation guides and pretty much get a crash course in French, because speaking a common language is entitled on my side?
Yes, I do, very very much
if we drink on a independence day of another country (ex Soviet union and/or Yugoslavia) we make a mini toast.
Pizza burek :)
He definitely played a part in our history.
Interesting, we have the same thing for Slovenian language in Italy in [Resia] where the language is like a own thingy but kind of Slovene.
But then again, I honestly don't even know which parties are other than Jobbik and Fidesz, those are two "boogeymen" that Slovenian press likes to scare us with, either in terms of cutting even that little rights that Slovenian minority has, or in terms of our right wing parties turning more and more towards Orban...
When I make coffe its always turkeys coffe, no sugar
No idea where *švinglc* comes from
The problem is, with all its flaws, US was better at being the boss than basically anyone else.
CERN has unleashed 'hell on Earth' in its latest antimatter experiment, conspiracy theorists claim
Post WWII kilings [example] probably NSFL
but the one on OP's photo looks like one
They have been led to believe that you have to constantly fight everyone for what "is right" but what is right is very up to interpretation
Yes
To me it was an embarrassing moment when I went to Munich with my school
Might wanna take him outside sometime or buy him a history book.
Actualy both SFRY and USSR were instances of secesion.
I know quite a bit of people who went on a Erasmus to Spain but no one stayed :/ I also know people who went to other countries and no one stayed there either.
With Croatia though, while our two countries are similar, once you exit the roughly Kajkavian speaking region, the Mediterranean and Balkan influences are definitely much stronger and more noticeable
hard to choose really, we have so many.
Nothing that I know of :I
And, as if it weren't enough, the block has regular malfunctions because of which it has to be taken off grid for several months at the time for repairs
Here almost everybody has one
I think the main thing that changed it for me was giving the classics like Avsenik and Slak a fair try
What Romance influence
There is a Wiki article about floor numbering standards
General unhappiness with the government, political corruption and the presence of tycoons in it.
You take your paied leave of work and go on vacation, whats the big deal?
Locals seemed above averagely happy with it (which is not a lot, but something)
In the wrong place, admittedly.
So the owner comes up to the driver and tries to explain he only need the 5.
most of your immigration is from europe...
Jesus, did you jinx Michael Robinson
Morski prašiček - little sea pig (Guinea pig)
Are you implying that instincts are rational?
Am I the only one who feels wrong about the fact that Germany supported our independance
I started listening to them when I was 11 or so and I liked the song a whole lot even then, but my appreciation of it has gone _way_ up with age and as my English got better
It doesn't make any sense to me
It's part of matura dance performance we do for parents in last year of elementary and high school
Germans really are everywhere, went to Bali last year, met some German that was on a 2 month trip in every hostel
Finns are similar to Danes, who are similar to Germans, who are similar to Austrians, who are similar to Slovenians, who are similar to Croatians, who are similar to Serbians etc
Dimitrij Rupel, one of the founding fathers of European Empire.
That won't work with us, hehe
for example the Byzantine and the Otoman empires
And still, no settelment is offered to consumers.
Average dorm room rent in Ljubljana is 72,08€. There's also some duty thing that costs 21,58€ but I don't remembered paying that
Did you ask if they offer classes in English?
Okay, I have eaten a steak a few times.
They had an election and a nother one ad had to form a goverment....
Nice, I'm from just outside Ljubljana
Oof, hits close
there is a Townville, South Carolina.
Ne to že doug obstaja, san noben žiu bog ga ne uporablja.
It's kinda going to shits, if you ask me
But the base is 292 for a single person.
Not sure if it's any different, but it's for EU citizens only.
In a restaurant I mixed up řízek and rýže more than once.
Rugzak, ja, spiel and many more
hatte auch so eine Art Dach, das auch Wetterkotter genannt wurde
The problem here aren't towns built in hills but everything in between.
nt part of American foods rather than
You do know they usually leave their families at a refugee camp in the first safe country they come to right?
No, not us
But why would these hackers even need any sort of protection if they worked on the behalf of Russian government.
European wars of religion also started at the moment when papal prestige was at its absolute lowest for [similar reasons]
I spend part of my summer on Croatian coast
(page 24 [here]
Seems to me that in Germany, black people are less looked down on than Slavs are though
I don't know what exactly you want to know, so ask away.
True that, I'm hopeful that the new trains will be better
Damn hungary kilin it
You seem to be certain and uncertain about it simultaneously.
Nowadays the percentage of Slovenes in Carinthia is constantly lowering, I wonder why
Do they give out cards saying they're deaf and they're collecting money for their association?
that’s Walter White
Not us
Imo, it's not the measures that are the problem, but the people
Italian is spoken by about 10% of the population, being a co-official language in Istrian municipalities
Like it's a race, or they have a need to validate their life choices
Government fucked up response to second Covid wave, deaths are climbing, government is replacing people in all sorts of services and governmental bodies
Mostly harmless
Only negative things will come from this for EU as well.
since you are young, it's a wonderful time to contribute regularly to a index found.
Frequent & fast high-speed trains
(Well, not anymore)
Yea but as far as i know he was half slovenian
I have heard of various ways to prepare it.
The curriers require a sign-off
) and people they didn't like and some just for sadistic reasons
I have never been stopped by police but I know plenty who have been stopped multiple times.
But yes, I only used less derogatory nicknames
Since most people likely don't know - Yugoslavia was never a vassal and for most of the 2nd half of the 20th century not even a friend or ally of the USSR
80s mostly American and British pop/pop-rock hits with a bunch of modern (2013-2014) hits (American, European and very few Slovenian) thrown in the mix.
When you say "other race" do you mean only POC
Oh, shit
For the stronger kind of beers, sure.
Surnames that end with -ič are not automatically non-Slovene - you probably meant surnames ending with -ić.
Residents of that town go over the border to a much smaller Slovenian town of Nova Gorica with 3 shopping centres
To the point some don't even consider it the same language.
Your statistic office says only 1/10 of romanians coming to italy are roma.
Lower immigration could be the biggest economic cost of Brexit
huh, we don't have any fruit and veg shops in my part of the country.
Well yeah, but it's not "green" as in environment friendly
Ah yes, the ol' "Sweden Sharia rapist paradise."
Yeah islamic terrorists and their supporters tend to have a roblem with joles about islam.
I guess German schools really do prep you for every scenario
Cajt - Zeit - time
And we are all paying for it, yay :-\\
That seems to be a sensible connection
Yo we used to have one of thise waffle makers
Much better than any tesla out currently.
Slovenian:
This looks pretty brilliant
Razfuko te bom z tako natančnostjo da je še svet ni vijo, zapomni si to
Umm
As does mega, but that isn't the ambiguous part because I'm pretty sure he's not talking about millibytes.
Our issues with Germans go back a lot farther than just 70 years, they go back to over a 1000 years of oppression and gradual assimilation by them
One is in the [shower] and the [other] is outside of bathtub/shower on bathroom floor
But they are fueled by foreign news agencies as ours mostly ignore them
Its just dumb
Edit: I'm (sadly) not from Primorska, so not much bias there (I don't think)
And than you get angry when we compare 🇺🇸 with the nazi-fascists.
Sounds like a great way to get some shit politicians.
The same is with any sort of party.
Yep same here
Western Europe is simply racist towards Slavs, and the Slavic EU member states are not treated even close to equal, even though some of them have since surpassed some non-Slavic EU member states
-_-
missing the pasta and pizza
- prva srednja sklanjatev (mesto, -a)
As a consumer I will signal the manufacturer of my displeasure by no longer buying led bulbs and will live the rest of my life in the dark.
Dont listen to this guy, he know nothing about economics.
It's harder to establish guardian rights in these situations.
"Israel will not hesitate to destroy Syrian air defenses"
Brain drain isn't a problem because migrants send their money back home instead of spending it in the local economy.
Celjski grofje not procreating
If you ask me, we should've helped/payed and/or transfered personel to help with the borders.
strange, i went to google your quote there and found this
Cyanobacteria blossomed, something to do with phosphorus in water
And we use Klaftra/Klafter for firewood as well
The Civil war happened 10 years after the plant was completed and it wasn't between Croats and Slovenes anyway.
Maybe it's not linguisticly correct (I think it's called a syllabic consonant), but to a laic, maybe the best way to explain it is by using a schwa.
Tvoje definicije za knjižni jezik ni v nobenem učbeniku/delavnem zvezku katerega sem jaz uporabljal pri pouku.
If we leave out the obvious ones like kimono, špageti...
My favourite places to hitchhike are all in the balkans.
[It's] [really] [hard] [to] [chose] [a] [favourite] [photo] [of] **[the] [most] [beautiful] [city] [in] [the] [world]
I also don't know if Primorska is looked down upon
He actually might stumble into that
I was in Kosovo last september and paid 2€ for a pack, and I saw even cheaper ones
Yes, besides slovene I speak italian too
Isn't it spelt Maryja in Polish?
Here in Slovenia, it has happened before that hooligans from Ljubljana intentionally scratched cars with plates from Marbor(and the other way around)
lidl and hofer may be cheap/budget but we dont consider them low quality
Then we are sometimes challenged on exams on who was at the right and why etc
It works for our native surnames to.
Ta teden jezero Jasna
All in all, a clusterfuck
Overall the relations between the countries have improved in the previous decade especially on the minority related aspects
We loved planting [drawing pins] on each others chairs in school, extra points if you planted it while everybody stood up when the teacher entered the classroom
Let's nit pretend it isn't.
Get to it
which was only agreed upon in 2016 I think
As an european, I feel so offended
Very safe as well - once we were approached by some drunk gopniks in the middle of the forest in the night, they wanted some beef at first but in the end we shook hands saying "Hello friend"! Awesome guys haha
In high school we had lockers but we had to share with another person
I don't think everyone would be paid the same though.
C cary a personal ID card and my drivers lycence.
you can prepare it on many different ways, as a steak, pate, "fast food "horseburger"", you can cut it on tiny pieces and fry it otgether with onion
Uh, as far as English goes I only ever heard of Czech Republic and in slovenian we usually talk about *Češka* or *Češka republika* in formal situations.
their entire culture and history is based on "liberations" and stealing from other cultures
Slovenes may not be nationalistic, but they can be quite xenophobic
And in the case if i'm not, there are surely 1000 EU laws that cover that too.
Both of these go double if you're a LOTR fan (not filming locations, but could easily have been the inspiration for some)
In slovenia he is treated as a hero I'd say, but is a thing of debate
So sad
We're barely even aware of it ourselves, I'd guess most don't know about it, and I wonder if anyone still speaks it
The fact that none of us are actually surprised about it says a lot I'd say.
Also, before 1991, the official language was Serbocroatian and was AFAIK mandatory in schools so people from before that know it.
The shelters are so sad
The school also took us to some less well known places like the Roman necropolis close to Celje
I know that in Russia is for sure like that, but I don't know about the rest of the countries
I'm also not sure how our policemen are trained, I know they can only use firearms for certain crimes.
It's about friendship and peace, not about a single nation's patriotism, which is a rarity
The question is not if America needs a left turn, but rather will the American electorate embrace a somewhat more left choice.
Even though your queen is also your head of church?
If it's things like safety and suitability for children, we're on par with Scandinavia
If we check the [newest report]#map-container) on this subject we can see that things are not so grim.
I once met a French person who was amazed by the fact that we have motorways.
With me it's weird because when i speak some words sound british and other american so it just creates this weird fusion of both accents
Gardners had to live somewhere I guess so the chateau owner build them houses
But when it rains it pours, it doesn't drizzle "all the time" like in UK and Ireland.
Literally came here to say this
I've seen various other Slovenes naming the more well known places
Yeah, as you wrote, Ljubljana is quite flat around its centre, so it is possible to drive around without any gears on bikes
The average Slovene probably knows Dracula, wonders why there are so many vans with Romanian license plates crossing Slovenia all the time, and I'm pretty sure it stops there
What is your take on active Americanization of peoples of Europe and beyond?
It is to much smaller degree than in Spain
I don't own guns because it's too much of a hassle to even get to shoot them recreationally (*and legally*) even if I wanted to.
I think a while ago I saw a statistic that the average slovenian speaks 3 languages, which is a lot, but you also have to consider that most slovenes will speak croatian as the language is very similar to ours
Both central bank policies made the euro to collapse.
Basically impossible
Do you have the link
But we're still doing "community work". I personally helped during many "major disasters" that happened in our country last 10 years or so
Well the Polish concentration camps were pretty effective, so I have trust in you.
"independanve war(s)" unifocation proces or by what is as the war een Piemont and A-H
If you scroll a bit further down this chain, you'll see I've mentioned several others
But if i answer a question of that tipe by saying im yugoslavian people at best case state that the country nolonger exists at worst make fun of me.
They english sortof abandend you and left you to the germans
Slovenia: those who have better Pizza than you.
Because its the correct name.^^:P^🐍^/s
Several doctors were sent to prison over this about 2 months ago, high-profile orthopedic surgeons ([
Trst, Trst, Trst, Ljubljana, Ljubljana
We already have a Disney princess
Can you browse reddit tho
the only ones I hear run this joke in the ground are usually 4chan nationalists
People like this are so sad....
The prime minister is a good friend of the  equally scandalous Hungarian prime minister Viktor Orban, who even previously sponsored their political campaign
With it you should be good to go pretty much everywhere, non-EU included.
It is implying that todays majority electorate in some countries is so dumb it will vote for all this, but a march will rectify this.
The only industrie that survived, barely was food (sold of mostly now) ans steal, (joined into one conglomerate and sold to the Russians [steal now baught chicken industy])
Edit 2: and the percentage of books sold, while at first it appears to indicate education levels, probably has more to do with wealth
Yes
Mesec can mean also "month" though
It really should become popular.
United Kingdon of England and Wales when?
They've been popular here for almost a decade.
As long as we don't get dragged into the massacres.
See we got it right, the guys between us felt the need to add more letters and change the meaning for some reason.
I'm from Slovenia, we're a small country with 2 million native speakers, a lot of our stuff does not get translated.
Well there are competitions between faculties (I know that the Faculty of Arts where I study has a football, volleyball and basketball team, among others), but this is strictly on an informal basis, for fun ...
A totally reasonable and level headed response.
These roads led to each of those cities in the age before the motorways were built.
Also they have the army the size of Moldovas, wich is incredible if you ask me.
The Postojna Cave
Yugoslavia ceased to exist when Tito died so the legality is moot
It should be stopped immediately.
In daily life not so much for example you don't need to bribe a doctor to get a proper service in a hospital
You mean, taking what's ours that you took from us?
>  i live on the Slovenian coast
i dont really see how any of those points would be challenged that much by right wingers
EDIT: ah, found a more "official" translation [here] "Less fearful the long night of life’s denial Than living ‘neath the sun in subjugation
I think in general the biggest threat is getting your bike stolen
>an average German made 1
Sounds like an ok policy when you actually read about it.
Sadly he's the only one anyone outside the Balkans know
I don't know
Spoken Slovene is often considered to have at least 48 dialects (narečja) and subdialects (govori).
Oh, God when will this end
From some weerdars germannairports right...
Bloodclaat is rasta menstrual pad.
Don't give them money is the start.
48 per 100
The only thing I know of is [this] [Here's] another link, if that one's geo-blocked
And apparently they built loads of bridges there, as there are at least three bridges all named Napoleon's bridge
> Some are strangers that come and go
Zaseka is almost always in a shape of a pig in supermarkets.
There are new houses, old houses, pretty houses, terrible houses, white houses, bright red houses.
From my experience, not one tourist or non-native spoke to me in Slovenian
Ljubljana
I actually did read those as a kid.
We have [that] too, among with other types of pâté's.
Also the Slovenian nuclear portion is most likely overinflated then
no idea what that has to do with croatians giving away serbian chocolate.
Beat the up, shoot them, threaten them.....
how many negros do you think we have?
and all its satellites
Personally, culturally we are very close to Austrians, so I do feel at home, when im there, and Austria is SO beautiful
You can tell we are related by strength of our voices, and I married a fitting guy for us
E.g.  Blatnig - Blatnik; Goritschnig - Goričnik, Koričnik; Hribernig - Hribernik; Lutschounig - Lučovnik; Pototschnigg - Potočnik (very common)
School not is fun
Wow I didn't know there's anything going on in Zasavje.
No, you're #2, we're #10 (2013 world data), which is still good imo, considering the opt-in system.
But can still declare war, issue money, the english one is famous for being the one in whos name pasports are issued...
hatte auch so eine Art Dach, das auch Wetterkotter genannt wurde
Berlin's incompetence is so famous it produced a copypasta
and these things loose a LOT, when translated.
We have this [doll shit] as well but for every round or 18th birthday
That land was later sold, right?
Same in many other places
Skavte pod avte
Taki razfuk da te bo odneslo z obličja zemlje
ECJ will have his hands full with going through UK constitutional conventions for this since the national constitution is the basis on which art 50 is tonbe handled as far as my understanding goes on this matter.
I've heard it used for German-language speakers, so technically even some Swiss would qualify
Couldn't think of a better way, sadly.
As a white person living in vast majority white country I obviously have a very difficult time stepping into shoes of non-white people.
Dacic wants EU to respect status-neutrality of Kosovo - -
Ljubljana has a great uni with hiht ranking in the world, and is cheep
I have a hard time finding normal water in Austria.
Styria
Austria has also been meddling with rights of Slovenian minority lately.
Yeah, I love unique flags
I went to an italian-speaking kindergarten, then later i continued my education in slovene, which is my motherthongue
In one of the homes, groups are autonomous and live in seperate apartments but in the same building.
Definitely this one  [
There are a lot of English words that are used in slang and with new generations this number just increases so yes I am a little
Edit: formatting
what moral authority do you have
There's also quite a few historical workshops one can check out here (pottery, basketweaving, blacksmithing etc
Tarkan, call me on El-Khabel mobil saleykum allam
No, I didin't know he was Slovene before I heard him speak.
Oh book assigments those were the worst I usualy just copied it from someone because I hated all the books
Sorry to all the Dutch people but to me Dutch sounds like fake German
According to your first source, there's also Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Albania and possibly Kazakhstan, Armenia and Azerbaijan, whether you count them in Europe or not.
I am honestly baffled by the comments
I remember a town at the slopes of a really funky looking hill, don't know the name of it
They are quite easy to catch when dive fishing (or whatever the word it, snorkeling with a harpoon gun to shoot fish with), which is a favourite seaside pastime for a number of people I know, so I remember getting nearly sick of them every summer
You only recharge every so often, take break for lunch then if you're on the way.
Was the whole thing falsified to further harm Russia's standing
Slovenia is culturally divided into 6 regions: Prekmurska, Stajerska, Primorska, Gorenjska, Notranjska and Koroska
I have family in Serbia and Croatia, I was born in Slovenia and I'm named after my grandfather and he was named after the most famous ruler of Serbia, Dušan Silni.
Bochum, Germany
In Slovenia the question whether circumcision should be done on infant children, was presented to Slovenian Commission for medical ethics.
What about [Juwelo TV]
But they have adverts for themselves.
Another issue that was never a thing before they started copying americans
> and OFC
I'm quite sure it was Stare but could be someone else
The latter three sell random cheapo stuff from everywhere except Slovenia, which many see as lower quality
It felt like eternity to drive through and roads were super narrow
This are not teenaged boys, believe me....
Shortcut
I really wish I joined an orienteering club
Do they do that to Poles as well or is it just in foreign countries
Those included boys and girls since socialism did a lot for women equality
Go read a history bood they were wolonteres.
So while my English vocabulary exploded, my Slovene one shrunk significantly
Came here to mention an EU-wide network of nuclear powerplants to completely replace the fossile fuel ones and give the EU energy independence
This only goes for current government
I was also taught rock-scissors-paper but some weirdos in high school used rock-paper-scissors.
I love how this completely ignored that half of the Slavic words are actually Slovene in origin
v visoki c visokega c)
You are in denial
Isn't the "Hrvat je tat" thing just a /r/Slovenia meme
So yeah, whenever you feel the need to say "Eastern Europe" to refer to anyone that's not Russia, Ukraine, or Belarus, keep in mind that you sound about the same as someone seeing a guy in a kilt in Edinburgh and calling him English
I'm so sorry for what's going on in Serbia
What he has been saying recently was very much in line with the Polish and Hungarian governments, instead of aligning with the rest of the EU and the more progressive nations
Also putting up a [may pole] for any gender or a [giant flower] for women
What's more; There seems to be somewhat of an overwhelming presence of anglo-saxon and American media on Russian soil right now.
u/vredditdownloader
What
The only reason why we have around 200k more people living in slovenia since the independance is migration.
Especially in rural areas, where people also own forests, and they cut wood for their own use or for selling
Nope
Many Germans who lived in the slovenian part of Styria emigrated to either Austria or Germany between world wars, were forcefully moved, killed, or they slovenianised (I'm not even sure this word exists)
Mixed marriages certainly are a thing.
I'm not denying Russia does some shady shit, I'm just saying they aren't that much worse than our "allies" to the west
But I am well aware of low paycheck problem in Slovenia and how hard it is to get a job
In Slovene language it's diminutive form of "disfigured", as in ugly.
We have a village called Village
We have the sea, mountains, rolling hills and lowlands
Are they
I have never experienced a temperature below -9° C, but its probably really bad
I think this is exclusively a Slovenian thing
Because I don't want to get killed?
We have a village called Village
I think since 2008, we have a new party formed  for each election just so that our current PM wouldn't win
I did not know that, interesting
I think most countries use pig blood but they use different grain.
I figure it still depends on the town/village and on the family
Not because businesses hate you, but because they wanted to make a quick profit with little regard to what the customer would think.
In this case you’d have to argue that the supreme court’s decision infringed a constitutional right (which also proves you have a legal interest) and that you have exhausted all other remedies
I experienced wildfire on almost every holiday I had in Croatia.
The research was done on more than 20000 kids
Yeah, i agreee its realy scary how the west conpletly denies the crimes commited by the KLA terrorist organisation and how they support their cause.
Fucking
\<21
Is it triggering
More in context of parents calling their children "afne" telling them not to behave like an "afna", if they're particularly playful/mischievous
That channel also happens to be a standing joke to most Slovenians; though I hope that we eventually get some good non biased media (other channels while better have a decisively left / governmental / EU-fanboy bias)
Oh hey the White House, I was there in Battlefield 5
Either you didn't read the title, or you don't know what a dwelling is.
Look at the glorious Carantania.
Not enough votes you say
Which idk, probably brings other issues.
[OC] Each country's subreddit subscribers as percentage of total population of each country (Updated)
Although I suspect that many of those who claim they can't hold a conversation in Italian really can and just don't want to.
Based
Air conditioning is not very common but not out of ordinary in Slovenia.
We also sing Gaudeamus igitur
It is an honour to think that we Slovenes were once part of the same country as the glorious sons of Alexander the Great.
In other parts of Slovenia this scale might be different
Sadly it is a case of muh land.
In Croatian, apparently it means to row hard and fast, but that's the closest I got
The EU is pretty much blackmailing individual European countries to make them accept their demands.
Well I'd assume he has this second generation problems going on when he cannot identify himself as slovenian but as serbian, but then when he comes to serbia serbs see him as slovenian and not as serbian and he is caught in this identity crisis and therefore trying extra hard to show out his serbian values.
Remember China's Hundred Flowers Campaign
Sveti Trije kralji v Slovenskih goricah (Holy Three Kings in the Slovenian hills) - 34 letters
I buy sparkling water in bottles (reusable glass ones), but otherwise tap water all the way
Only because you always go to war against everyone else except each other xD
Lol that's even worse than people thinking as Slovenia being some sort of a region in Russia.
Drywall is bought and deliverd by whoever you hire to fix/build stuff for you
USA is in 45th place
I could read 20 books about WW2 and then 20 books about WW1, both describing life of soldiers, and both having terrible things
People remember you more and it's often easier to find a host on Couchsurfing because they try to colour the map:)
Well generally you don't need a citizenship of a country to live there legally, just a thought.
I mean thanks for the nomination, but seriously, Bled is sooo overrated -_-
If someone is so easily manipulated into criminal behaviour, then he should face whatever punishment he gets.
True
Bringing in more people won't help; social support spending, the percentage of foreign population, the rate of crime, unemployment will increase.
There's no difference and you know it.
Whell if you go to Tirasopl you only get a 24h visa before the KGB kiks you out
They don't teach us this in school
Yeah, they were total geniuses.
But someone here once told me majority hates their anthem :/.
was there drinking beer with a few friends and one of my professors came along.
"Drkati" is today referred to as jerking themself
People from other countries find wearing slippers for school funny, but it's very nice
Tesla, for example, has nothing to do with Serbia.
Despite our FM being a jackass (foreign policy has never been Slovenia's strong suit), there are no unsolvable problems and no deep-rooted animosities other than the usual small neighbourhood rivalries.
WHYYY, HOOOW
Yes, "free wales" protestors
Because I imagine the situation in the Sunni world would be much simpler if there was a responsible and controllable religious head.
Oh, the *šmarnice* in May - I remember all of these songs :)
5 or 6 mostly with school as I am not that interested in that period of the time and I find castles boring
why does the game of thrones theme song at 100% volume out of a 100w speaker at 7 in the morning piss people of???
Our languages influenced each other due to cohabitation
Mostly countries that we were fully or partially part of
Carthage just relations with Rome
Or Piran in Fiesa or Strunjan
I asked a simple question and you replay with unrelated stuff
Depends on how things go with the second wave, but we had 2 months of school via internet before summer vacation so odds are, if isolation will continue into September, it'll be like that
Guy has been around for a long time in politics (mainly as foreign minister) and has almost been in every party in Slovenia.
Think Oz or maybe The Wire
We didn't have religious extremists
No wonder the US army doesnt want you.
I thought it was a last name
What is the zeitgeist there
> I will be sure to ask my Eastern European partner that tomorrow morning, although I already know what the answer will be
But this is 21st century
I really don't see Google streetview as a threat to my privacy in any way that matters.
You have to throw everything in to the cart and bag it at the counter
You cant declare independance and be a country.
I also refresh my knowledge of geography.
I think it’s actually how the village formed
Russian Jews were protected by the holocaust, right?
He has a large cult like folowing but everione else hates him
Lendavske gorice as well
Think Charles Bukowski
YOLO
Why would you want to spend a week on a train?
and I had to explain that to two Germans who are travelers
I mean I'm from Slovenia and that used to be common here as well
We have loads of just Forest - Gozd, or Under Forest - Podgozd
(original curently kept in Belgrade archives)
Once his wife found out he cheated on her, she called him by his real name and he died.
In the meantime, oil companies laughed themselves to tears on their way to the bank.
Baklava is only made out of nuts and filo pastry and then topped with honey.
But shouldn't the goverment make sure people will pay taxes from whaterer they do rather than incentivize card paying.
Here they don't speak, coz they don't speak Slovene, they just signal and when you say you won't donate, they keep pushing.
Just its stapeled like in the old days.
The butthurt was still alive and well after the war so the government rather replaced it than risked another shitstorm.
Already 90 years old at the time, he instead commited a public suicide and left that verse in his farewell letter
Apart from geographical proximity these countries also share their culture and history
It wasn't a deadly disaster, it was a natural disaster
It's basically boomer humour and "haha man from ex-YU country funny". I think satire is also kinda popular, even our ex PM was a part of a satirical show
You definitely have to try it with ćevapi or any other kind of grilled meat
Well, I guess his law was successful then.
Oh there is a very big difference between the Ljubljana and Maribor accents and especially their dialects
I was waiting for more inspiration on what to post but I guess everyone's already asleep.
Well the GDP here is PPP per capita.
Dont wory, Slovenia ruports the 2nd republic :P
The second one isn't that interesting, but there is a conspiracy theory about the death of our famous writer, Ivan Cankar
do you at least pound the keg on the table
It made me wonder, since when is this an acceptable topic, to pry into my personal affairs and plans by a relative stranger from work or a hobby group
Im saying wjat works in a democrary
No, no, she's all yours, we insist
What's on Slovenia
Military operations and even the Holocaust were dealt with superficially just to give us a basic overview of what was going on
The interactive infographic works fine.
Čefurji - immigrants from ex-Yugoslavian countries
They're white text on camo background: [Example one] [example two]
The last attempt was in late 2019
All you need to do is move towards where you are pointed at
It also looked like the graphic designer did his job for the first time ever
I mean more in the sense of 'sedaj smo na slovenskem' (vocative case but you get the point) or something along those lines.
[BREAKING NEWS: Scientists warn that extinction of penguins could cause monumental shakedown of natural order!]
Yeah
I dont like the whole "there is no evidence, but we all know Russia is doing it".
**It belongs to the City Municipality of Ljubljana.**
Yes while in schools german is most widely learned
It's a shame since in the end it's a place with honest working people, but making bad choices and blaming Ljubljana for all their woes
Wild camping is illegal in most of Europe, especially in nature reserves.
Really
Sestola I
Most timezones
It's an arow, how does it remind you of a penis?
A lot, including the ruins
There's definitely no difference between what I buy here and what I buy in Austria.
It's normal
in BiH Đinđić pared with Croatian from the presidency to make a law about the constituional court...
I think Trst would be a better option
All that shiet is produced on this here continent for this here specific market.
I want a good railroad system so badly I would support any effort towards that
And then there are cases of languages being practically the same, but separate for political reasons.
Care to explain
Tongue in cheek obviously, but not far from the truth ;)
You move back to the driving lane when there's no more congestion, at least that's what my logic says
Already exists
Hey, our politicians are also very corrupt
They aren't oppressed or anything there and have an autonomy.
She is among the large group of women I would fuck, but not among the much smaller group of women I would masturbate over.
The Slavs decided they've had enough of moving around and that they can squat on these hills as well as anywhere else.
Everyone in Slovenia will spit the name out if you ask them this question
We call them češplovi kneldi (meaning plum dumplings)
🇪🇸 moving up with the not working thing
The wounds are if not fresh, still deep and on both sides.
No, and it's not an excuse either.
The class above mine had 3, but gained one because one of my classmates was allowed to skip 1st grade since she already knew how to read, write and do basic math
just google "Homicide rate europe"...
Eventually Slovenia and Croatia demanded a more federal system, Serbia disagreed, the Slovene and Croat delegations left the Parliament and that's how the dissolution started
For example:
Yes, they're called vineyard peaches here.
Slovenian
I thought schulz was more of a multiculturalism guy.
Is this 2ns spike due to protests
The decision for building it was taken in a very werd way, without a large political consensus and based on flawed assumptions
> Czech Corridor
Some companies were returned or compensated to pre-communist owners, mostly Church.
Huh, I did not know Hans also wrote songs.
But our politicians and the doctors are so much insisting  that we have to stay at home, that some people were worried that hiking was prohibited too
Nope
Turkey and grece are I think not balkan at all
I really enjoy watching sports that usually don't get coverage here like fencing and diving.
Because you know, look I only need this space
Ruoti I
If we put our heads together we can find a way.
My personal favourite is probably Gozd - Reka, which is a very small village created from two even smaller settlements, One named Gozd (Forest), and other Reka (Rive)
Would "grammar school" be an appropriate term
Janša is highly corrupt and buds with Orban, fortunately he has plenty of opposition
Gotof si, mali
Ours also has state funding for private schools or something similar.
Probably a merchant or barrista, likely to be married already with one or more children
They prefer paying fines the EU to using standard chargers
Much love :D
upvote ker pomoje se nism vidu slovenscine na redditu
war so hoch, dass alle Welt sich sofort auf die Suche machte, den Attentäter fand
Small lasagna with spinach is actually quite good
Having a week of 30°C weather is not hot.
People are still torn by it
There was a picture in our student's book: a long line of guys on the skis, in white clothes and guns which said "Finnish rush to the front". I really enjoyed the pic for some reason
Yes there is both a british/french version (the Tunnel) and a US/Mexico version called the Bridge too.
First some info about our current laws, you can own handguns and rifles as long as you follow certain procedures and pass some tests.
Doubt it
I find the current events saddening because the UK was an important and very influential party in the EU
The sun is neutral, the moon is female
Yes tranes have different clases of travel and buses cost different in different countries.
But right now if I had the chance to move to another apartment where I wouldn't have roma for my neighbours I would also do that
What I find a quirky language feature (or lack thereof) is the non-existence of dual in other languages.
Not sure if it qualifies, but maybe the [dangerous road sign] Most of the time a variant of this sign with an exclamation mark appears
You put them in the nut filling
You have enough fat people already.
[Farage slams Brussels rebels who want Ukip divorce to TEAM UP with Brexit negotiator]
Come on cis people, wake the fuck up
I don't know, I enjoy a lot of brutalist design.
That must be a German thing because here people don't automatically become our ethnicity when they become citizens.
If you wanna have companies that can't be bought by Americans why don't you create them yourself.
Not to mention that Austria and Italy can rest easy knowing that if they ever want to get rid of Trieste, Villach, and/or Klagenfurt, we'll happily take them off their hands
> I didn't say that the Baltics were Eastern European due to former USSR rule, that didn't even come into consideration
You can usually hear an accent
most people dont know if its correct to say "ali sta prišle" or "ali sta prišli" (did you two girls come)
He thinks he's being super good at it, we find it fucking hilarious and nobody has told him yet.
I'd link it, but it's so specific, that even we have to read explanations, to truly get it.
I disagree on the last part, though
Looks like someone tried to hard to make it sound formal?
West europeans say, slovenia is part of the balkan, while balkan people say we are european
Ja no 2001 so govoril da bo fertility rate ostav statičen pod 1.3 , zdej je okol 1.6.
Pf course, once it is finished, I am interested in the results :)
*  In the Mediterranean - check
Three referendums
We had that on [May 20th]
thats why i came here, 2 meet globalist ppl like me … im 62 years old (im mature 4 my age tho!!) i like 2 watch CNN w/ ahmed (im pro open borders if u dont like it deal w/it) its our favorite tv channel!!!
So, you are saying that basically every newspaper except Nova24 and Demokracija
večkrat zdrsniti, zdrkniti: potne kapljice so mu drkale po čelu
There’s a small ocean of logistics and transport companies in Koper - TPG, Intereuropa, GMT, just to name a few
You mean looking flashy and ridiculous and sounding awful?
2500 obiskovalcev, RTV je v prenosu v živo rekel da 3000
You disagree with internationaly acclaimed abduction/missing* alert system that works so well in many countries?
United in diversity is a utopia
All 3 government sides in the war benefited hugely from prolonging the war, and was disregarding any human casualties or impacts as long as it helped their interest
Thankfully US won't stand for any of this, after a few years.
Twitter princess:
That's like eating plain rice instead of a paella.
It will be budget airlines for me in the foreseeable future I guess.
They're too close to the US ;)
The Queen's "power" is all in name.
Wrong country
You will change for the world not the other way around.
Well you know, a study our environmentalists did shows that it causes great stress to bears, wolves, and lynx to the point that they leave the area and of course birds are blind and fly directly into the turbine.
Been envious of my neighbours
But still compared to other socialist nations, Yugoslavia wasn't that bad, or dare I say it, maybe it was even the best
But fr yes, I've done it and i wasn't alone so
But yeah, the quadrille is insanely popular if you think about it, I danced it on like 4 seperate occasions the year I finished high school
Tatti I
How is internet piracy viewed in your country?
Croatia
We also say kladivo and nakovalo for anvil
Ti si meni ena navadna tarča za trofit
honestly never thought about it having anything to do with a monkey
We also dislike the Turks, that one's pretty true
Metlika and especially Črnomelj haven't had any work done in decades
Some kids don't do well in such losely structured environments.
> Then why did we feed, clothe, arm and supply the Soviet Army for the entire war
" but trust me it certainly can
It might seem stupid, if you take just one piece of news in consideration, but if many come repeatedly, it's obviuously a pattern
ok, ok, frere moments then
[Stay forever]
But no one has a problem of sitting on a plane and flying to the canaries - if they can afford it.
What is so bad objectively about him?
Nipples are skin, dicks are blood-soaked sponges.
And we provide Austria and Italy with mid-highly educated workers at discount though not dumping prices
It's fascinating, really, but it's not what West imagines as history.
Bunch of old politicians who lost all sense of the reality
Consumer association also does testing on these things, unfortunately their results are only available to subscribers, but word gets around.
What would the world look like today if he was accepted
In short dear America, do it, but do it better
So you made an effort to go around it?
If everybody at once would stop hiking
And we grow enough berries at home that wild berries are just something to taste rather than truly gather.
Social services took two boys from their grandparents because they deemed them unfit to take care of them.
I have no idea what I'm looking at
I'd have to say Žganci (Ajdovi)
When you enter someone's home you try to take your shoes off, you are told not to do it, you do it anyway.
I agree
Unless you have tongue paralasis everything Danish is difficult to say
Yes, Trst (or as some might call it "Trieste")  belongs to Slovenia, please fix that
I think it's actually not that bad with words of Latin/Greek origin though
Probably Croatian/Serbo-Croatian cause we were still part of Yugoslavia 29 years ago and everyone HAD to learn Serbo-Croatian
Well as a teenager I was just "communist" I barely even knew what it actually means, but while growing up I also learnt more about Self Managing Socialism of Yugoslavia, and honestly some of the ideas still make sense to me.
I think it can be defined as a genocide.
This isn't that accurate
Trucks or lories are a whole other category of vehicels.
They're just a bit more arrogant, rich and stuck up I guess
Euros
The time when some american tourist bumped into my classmate
Selling B and C quality products, even with labeling them as such, without offering A quality products is just blatant discrimination.
CCS is practically already a standard, it just needs formalisation
In my part of Europe I'd say mostly no, we were much more into ethnic & religious wars than race.
Koper is definitely the center of logistics and transport
You guys forgot Italian dio porco!
And Hungarians are Ogri (also Vogri in various dialects), this is even reflected in our name for Austria-Hungary, which isn't Avstro-Madžarska (Madžarska being our modern name for Hungary), but Avstro-Ogrska instead
Then there were a few whistle-blowers that exposed corruption, which started huge protests which are still going on every friday
I was shocked by homelessness in Japan.
Bogi ljudje ne veste kaj zamujate!
Killing your own pig is what you do
Geographical term of the peninsula, wether it would be considered a peninsula today or not, what else.
Wich seceded from Mexico like Crimea seceded from Russia?
Most muslims are just like every other Christian or Atheist.
Remember those old 1 peseta coins?
Are british really this ignorant?
This thing for meat it's really common in Slovenia
I can't speak for /u/Juuzowazowsky, but I would personally be okay with just forcing them to brand different products differently.
I like my country, but I feel a lot more connected to my region than to my country as a whole.
I live on the coast and didn't feel a thing
But then again people dont really "visit" Buckingham palace, they just stand in front of.
I have only driven there in winter, maybe it's better in summer.
People here are moving out of cities not into cities like in most countries.
It's ball shaped, made out of beef entrails and/or minced pork head meat and brain
I know the names of most states, I know their location fairly well too
Hallways are always full of dirt and sand after they come in from the playground
It would be really interesting to know what would happen to central european and balkan history if Ulrich the II of Celje would not get assasinated in Belgrade in 1456
Serbia hosts joint military exercises with Russia
Najboljš je na eno pretiravanje odgovorit še z večjim pretiravanjem, ja
Build a border wall (good oportunety to anex trakia btw) and wait it out.
I don't listen to any hiphop but when I hear it played, 90% of the time it's nigga this, bitch that, and hoes something else
You seriously want to have droves of Americans around, telling everyone how racist you are?
My local internet community gets it from people who moved to stay
even former presidents are entitled to a pension for life and other benefits
Europe needs years and years of stable investment into this region.
Around Kočevje you have just pure wilderness for kilometers in every direction
It's in the shape of a chicken
Ofc they are gonna import more from EU.
I wish we had snow
Which is we didn't exactly had it easy which is what I feel no_real_username implied with his *how many hundred refugees* remark.
Nothing much has changed, the gradual assimilation is still happening, still nothing we can do about it
I don't want to go all teary eyed patriotic here but we really have a stunningly beautiful country, this is just the result of googling [Slovenija landscape]#safe=off&tbm=isch&q=slovenija+landscape)
I'm just gonna look at the time table of the school I went to
Probably WWII bomb disposal would be most powerfull
I would dare say that I don't treat people differently based on my prejudice in my day to day life
Than we can also start converting our railways to the Belarus gauge to ease trade, also who would object to bigger trains :D
I disagree
White tires
At the moment it's probably ski jumper Peter Prevc despite his not so good season.
I think a while ago I saw a statistic that the average slovenian speaks 3 languages, which is a lot, but you also have to consider that most slovenes will speak croatian as the language is very similar to ours
The Js got stuck in in 19th century for no better reason than to fuck with kids when they learn spelling, and probably looking more civilized
It is less similar in Slovenian - Slovenia is "Slovenija", while Slovakia is "Slovaška". Only first four letters/sounds are the same, the rest is completely different
Edit: forgot to add the most used one, *ja* for ˝yes˝. I never say *da*, and i have never met a Slovene who would use *da* instead of *ja* in every day conversation
I want to wake up in my little stone cottage, a stone throw away from pretty sea, stumble into my little boat, go fishing, grill a fish for lunch, go into town and play board games with other old Greek men and then in the evening sit on the stairs and watch people passing by with a grin on my face.
No, it proves that propaganda is what means the world
Even mandatory swimming and skiing week in elementary school.
"You stand between the doorway like an Italian
Not sure what's special about May, is it Mary's month?
Slovenian here
What about a human with a little chicken next to him
Go, read the articles of the era on specialized internet portals
Elements like W for volfram, K for kalij, Na for natrij make more sense, but then O for kisik, C for ogljik and N for dušik make less sense
Besides, that just brings room for alternatives to crop up, making it a healthier market
Can we please, please stop trying to blame everything on Russia, do you want a new coldwar ?
I don't think there ever was considering Slovenes fought for foreign rulers for such a long time.
And we have this motor skills measuring programe for decades
You have to add Dalmatia and Istria as well
Let that sink in, without it enough Americans would think he is doing a bang up job
I could see plenty of the world siding with Europe + Russia here, which would be a major blow to the strength of the Dollar, which can utterly destroy the US economy
Knowing Italians, I'm not even surprised.
And for Slovakia, 'jutri gremo na slovaško'.
Why is your Minister of National Defense personally engaging in combat?
- Otherwise I like how students can chose from many languages beside English
), chess set, notebook with a pencil, my pocket knife, small first aid box, a detailed map
So they've finally dropped the cringeworthy "slice of life" tag?
> And how do you deal with exits
It was ridiculous, my great grandfather ended in prison for a few days because he told a joke about Tito in a pub
I'm not sure if these are unique to Slovenia, but the way we celebrate them might be unique.
That is simply the facts, nothing was more divisive then this crisis.
Hes american,He knows how china borders France^:P🐍^/s
We say nasvidenje or izgled, which are direct translations from German (na-svidenje - auf-wiedersehen, iz-gled - aus-sehen)
Yeah, I hear it often over here
And show "Lost" is "Izgubljeni otok" which that in English is "Lost island". What kind of Janšist thinks of these translations
Seeing Milky way with bare eyes is no real achievment
I'd rather see someone acepted who doesn't have the best grades but is an awesome teacher than someone with superb grades but can't teach sh*t.
all of those atleast have some stereotypes or myths about them.
Keep in mind though I can visit 4 countries just by going 150km in each direction.
I think it's a vegetable
Similarly bad was Milosevic excuse to defend Serbs in Republica Srbska in Bosnia, but when he realised they don't care for him, that they have their local politicians and aligences, Slobo pulled all support and let them rot
Fuck Jörg and fuck his FPÖ party
Tokyo japan
I went to Ronda a few years ago while on a road trip in Spain, but sadly it was already dark when we managed to locate a good photo spot for the bridge
Do you know what exploded
We have no such devide, all trains here are shit.
I'm not impressed by people who body build but everything else he has done and how far he's come is amazing
At least we got a longer coastline now
fuck yeah
But only KJV, other Bibles are Satan's work.
> Europe can't arm itself if there's no money to buy the arms and no people to use them
And on more general history that we learn and others don't, I'm always wondering why isn't the HRE interregnum and the rise of Hapsburgs more widely known
If you asked me what the difference is, I wouldn't be able to tell you and if you speak one you speak the other
There are no nationalities on the internet.
I too am a rebel at heart
Office workers as well
From what I have heard Fužine aren't that bad anymore.
But it is making slow progress because many teachers are replacing their foreign words with official Slovene words
After 10 weeks of pregnancy it's up to a hospital commission whether they allow it or not.
Not something I'd like to prepare at home, the custard is fussy and loves to remain too soft for cutting - but on the other hand, home-made usually have more intense yolk flavour, which is absolutely delicious
Eating horse meat
It's all about propaganda
That's funny enough on itself, no need for jokes
If we can count that
They are at the end of their transition.
Still can't really listen to Evanescence's Immortal - as an absolute fav of her they played it at her funeral.
Seriously, great food, great culture, great language
Not in Slovenia, although I have read some leftist radicals on the internet writing ridiculous things about slavery and colonialism - it doesn't apply to us, though, since it was really our ancestors that were victims of that during the times of Turkish invasions.
Not weerd, its hated for the same reason Bienžver is hated.
Croatia
Karl May was a great introduction to Indians.
Kids motor skills worsened for more than 13%. Especially in kids who were very active before the lockdowns since all after school sport activities were also closed
Teachers, kindergarten teachers, police, those municipal people who give you parking tickes (I don't know what they're called in English),
Odvisno tudi od prevajalske strategije in samega namena besedila/želj naročnika - prilagoditi ciljnemu jeziku ali obdržati prvine izvirnega
The first time was when 2 English-speaking girls (presumably American, judging by the accent) were talking about how “horribly” I was dressed and how fat I was in the checkout line at a grocery store
Here we are all aware of the continuity and slow evolution of human habitation and culture and there is no cultural concept of "wild natural area" that a society can colonize
Idk, it doesn't seem like a dramatic effecr to me.
But I think if you just look at the narrow selection of "Hillary or Trump" (others didn't stand a chance, did they?), you went with the better option.
How can someone be racist towards his own race?
Really we do it without like, the musical instruments
Happened in Prekmurje, actually.
Eh, first two seasons are pretty decent
Of course, it would need a lot of regulations.
These 4 guys in the colors of the umbrella the camera appears to be attached to follow the camera around exploring their surroundings like some cartoon characters
Does she know where to report such cases?
The thing that makes English the easiest that everything without a name (except ships) is an it.
Wait, I thought we got the idea to serve Wiener Schnitzel with tartar sauce from you guys as a package
I wish my country would help in some way, now is the right time to show EU solidarity
The law was so worthless that in those 10 years only something like 60 couples actually made use of it
Why did they send so much help
After WW1, Istria went under Italian control.
Hot: 25<
Even if I write English myself I sometimes fall into a trap of wanting the words follow Slovenian rules for what comes before and after
But
Low but nonzero chance
I believe it was the other way around.
...Third referendum: Question above
Sun: (tisto) sonce - neuter
Yeah
Not the first one in recent weeks either.
We also have "rovte" which is a remote place
I went for a trip to Edinburgh right on Jan 1 this year and people wouldn't shut up about that
Felt it in Ljubljana, seemed massive even here
They came from the steppes and conquered anatolia from the Byzantines.
Anything going against the holy EU should be destroyed mentality here is too strong
They have data for Croatia and Serbia but not for Slovenia
This sub os filled with a binch of liberals afraied of chalenging ideas.
He is the neutral pronoun for those of us who speak normal languages where gender is in the verbs themselves.
Cuz Albanians are mass migrating to Macedonia?
That us and Slovakia are very similair countries.
One of the girls posing next to the ship is clearly a western spy.
(Use s/)
Ne bom trdil, da nimajo te občine svojih problemov, ampak je pa daleč od tega, da bi bila večina prebivalcev teh občin "kmetavzov
Still ugly imo
The plum ones are more popular here as well
Instagram purposes way before Instagram was a thing
There are some special cases but in most cases if you hear a wird you can spell it
Strictly speaking liberalism isn't leftist to begin with.
So you actually want Serbia to get what, bombed by NATO?
why a problem
Slovenia's Abanka passes ECB's comprehensive assessment -
This is mainly cause we use the same dough as for ordinary gnocchi
Lets hope the town doesn't waste too much money in that pipe-dream of becoming a pilgrimage site for the fans of Melanie Trump.
They seem to always stress the first syllable in every word and don't burden themselves much.
A fact like: nickelback is a shit band...
- John Lackland = Ivan brez zemlje
The church was extremely powerful and with that represented the good and bad in european history
Whell ydah thats a fuckload of money
On this subreddit Russia is seen as the devil , while Turkey always gets a slip.
Average paycheck is around 1100 - 1200 EUR
Religion
You moved tents because of a little hedgehog
It's less common than it used to be
Like, wtf even is that
Yeah I remember people shared a ton of crazy maps/pictures of borders a few months ago.
Housing prices have gone up 15% in 2020 alone
Especially as Europeans with no knowledge of the Balkans wars take these things as hard facts
I assumed the word could be used like that in Polish.
Directly translates to "blacks". All fine and dandy until you reach the end of the town
Could be the 2nd of January for Slovenia
So to answer your question it's very normal to hang out with a different sex
A internal affair between countries in the EU will become an affair between Spain, Ireland (and EU by proxy) and the UK after brexit
Happy cake day, Ottoman
It says so in the map
I never said you shouldn't be allowed to leave, but I do think your exit was dishonest and dishonorable.
Unlike in many other countries (like the UK) where the capital has a reputation for being expensive, unfriendly and cultureless, Slovenia holds up only to the first point
But they are more soft-eurosceptic.
Its the massive migration that has spured a lot of ethnic recognition back.
While we are at it we should also start blaming Russians for all the shitty Buzzfeed articles.
I mean, the organisation seemed pretty impressive
Now you see mostly mutts, pugs, french bulldogs and from bigger breeds bernese mountain dogs, boxers, staffies, pit bulls, huskeys.
I like Valuk
Interesting, like the [flower] And your wife is Ruža?
I live in a tiny country so I will go to IMAX in Croatia, shopping or skiing in Italy or Austria, for a swim on the other side of the country to Croatia and so on
Piran has a black mayor and no one bats an eye about it, not about his skin colour anyway.
Greed and power go hand in hand
[Na božično noč] It's a sample song of some German song.
Nobody cares what color you are as long as you respect the culture and language
But why is their fertility rate , still so low?
Bilberries are the tiny ones, right?
We are supposed to hate our neighbours, alchoholic and suicidal
Jose Adalberto Benito Alvarez Rivera for Jesus and Agnieszka Pakulski for Mary.
I was thought that North and South America are separate continents
I don't know any for Slovenia
Not that in Romania people are happy with 200€ pay while in germany social benifita are higher
Any time you go onto the highway, expect a 2 hour ride to turn ibto at least a 4 hour ride
There that there are also Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania and Antarctica
And of course, the onions and kissing exchange was always on the menu too
They're four fifths of the population of the country, too.
So imagine my expression when looking trough TV schedule to find a family movie around noon called Let's masturbate together
Our history is very rich bur it's hard to rebel against austria when you are so small
I love that we beat you in quarterfinals in Sofia despite volleyball not being popular at all as a professional sport here :p
Her English efforts are quite legendary in my corner of the internet
Of course I'm speaking about an average student not interested in history enough to read history books on his own.
From 5th grade on, we had our own drawers in primary and highschool
I have plenty of French friends who tell me nobody learns English in France just because it's unnecessary
My impression is that majority (edit: maybe "most" is a more suitable word) want it legalized.
Emergency corridor has to be made as soon as traffic starts slowing down and there are signs of a congestion
If Scotland gave up its independence, so did England.
*Wit* is just not your thing, is it ;)
I don't underestimate countries and I come prepared.
Our issues with Germans go back a lot farther than just 70 years, they go back to over a 1000 years of oppression and gradual assimilation by them
That's completely opposite of here.
Kosovo Terror Threat 'Serious' but Manageable, Ministry Says ::
Stare is a legend but isn't ski jumping commented by Andrej Hofer
On the contrary, it's main meaning is to deeply love someone, completely nonsexual in meaning
\<1 wouldn't ride a motorcycle
If it's anything regarding money, we're at least two shades redder than them
They deny, say they all deserved it or even say not enough of them were killed
Please don't use "Eastern Europeans" for those groups and in general for any EU country
Suggest you going south and you will arrive to Adriatic Sea at Venice lagoon
Oh yeah
Slovenia is a democratic republic.
Happened to be there a few days after the opening and it was stuffed with both tourists and locals
Also the reason why Croatia is still poorer than in 1989.
This kind of accusations need proof not emotional stories that someone felt he was stoped because he has darker skin than average.
but so are there in support of opposite political believes and not only on facebook but "real" media aswell.
Oh but of course you would try to fit me in a neat little box of your choosing.
Those that got their start in DOS or at the very, VERY latest in Win XP
I tried it to learn German and and the beginning it was fun and I learned some basic vocabulary but then it just kept repeating so it got boring and I didn't see I would be learning more
I was once looking trough tv guide and saw it on tv schedule on one popular Slovene station during the day hours so I was quite sure it wasn't porn but typographical error
don't think private schools are currently a problem as we have so little, but yea, no more.
I know, because he was planing to atack after the "capitalists" fight it out.
The anwser is eight
We're not big enough for our cities to have english names
Yes, but the leadership as a whole stayed pragmatic
Wait, why are they destroying mid 20th century architecture
But in general, people are pretty neutral and go with the wind.
Do you want indigenous cultures of Africa, Asia, South America etc disappear?
Or at least a savings account that kids can use when they are 18
Or is that the wrong thing to do and we should jut let them go with a slap on the wrist?
Edit: Well fuck me, apparently we *can* use the word "[gymnasium] for it even though our English teacher said it was incorrect
They have the right to 3 seats in each city council, they have one MP in the national parliament
People don't spit on pavements, drop litter and urinate everywhere (all of this personally seen in the Balkans!).
He is spreading lies obout the great Slovene 2nd republic!
I still love our crazy little region, warts and all, great place to get drunk in weird company.
if resources are limited and essentially a zero-sum game, everyone’s an enemy
Some people like me hold multiple passports.
The moment when he got mustache, hit me hard
If the people and the land your country rules over today would have to be ruled over by another country, which one would you pick?
Quick question
Sounds like my family from mum and dad's sites
Because the subsedies aply only to students, and are only used when books are actualy baught.
We have a saying: "Vsaka vas ima svoj glas" - Every town has its own voice (meaning dialect)
How do you call northeren part
Nobody would take the "Alpine Serbs" thing seriously
At least it has a lot of spas, tho
Cheap & old
Some responsibility from the people of those countries would be great.
8 out of 10 trucks here are foreign.
Also another issue is that the providers can change conditions like price and force them on you with no repercussions
Zato, ker se Slovenc vedno prilagaja...
There's a lot more to it obviously, the legislation is quite extensive.
EDIT: Or better, how old were you when you found out
That was before both countries decided it would be nice to invade smaller ones and spread democracy/russian tourism.
For me driving 15, 20 minutes to the city is about normal.
How much of dick you must be to attack a 16 years old girl
Now we are ner France and uk now
We also learn about mesoamerica but that's not an ancient civilization, Mayas, Incas, Aztecs are thought in relation to the New World discoveries
Beautiful nature, great and friendly people and great hospitality is something all ex-Yu countries share.
We kinda feel the same for BiH
MI5 also just faound out about the Armata tank :D
I'd agree with you, but Peczko says it's not.
And I'd mandate that any church that delves into politics gets to pay taxes for that privilege.
I’ve been there 3 hours ago but did not know the context
From what I can remember it's chewy.
The american liberalism is based on social liberalism with its emphasis on equality, while the European liberalism is more of the classical variety with the emphasis in liberty.
I don't speak paprikash, is that a ring of schitzels with mashed potato in the middle?
I speak English only online or when I talk to a foreigner (or I am visiting a different country)
This sub is very left-sided, sometimes they cant even see the difference in centre-right and far-right...
Columbus landed in Lisbon first* when returning from the first voyage, not Italy.
All these things and problems that we had during socialism is obvius to me, but aparently to you everything was better
Just to say, its a bit arhaic in colloquial but it used more often in some dialects
the sentiment is pretty much this : good for her
Salo I
However, if you want to avoid additional charges for certain drugs (actually a long list) etc
Lol the last time I payed for a bus with coins was probably in LJ when one ride was still 80 cents.
That's what we keep asking ourselves every day
Each of them can be composed of maximum two words.
The EU's gun law is a travesty to begin with.
Isn't the "Hrvat je tat" thing just a /r/Slovenia meme
Always has been
Blame the communists
Generation born in 30's in Eastern Europe is full of people whose education was interrupted by war, yet basically all of them finished it later.
It's more like a joke nowadays.
TIL "Swedish" is actually a dog breed.
I really wouldn't find anything interesting.
Congrats and good luck
It looks like a version of religious segregation to me.
Maybe got to do with actual whales commiting suicides on shores.
No idea how this happened, but it’s interesting as its distinctly Slovene
I mean, if Slovenia could do it, Ireland with its much stronger economy and, as you say, *being an island*, could definitely have done it as well
But it's too cold to swim, even in summer
Germanic states wouldn't like it, but why should everything always be suited to their liking and not everyone else's?
That's a +2 graduate programme.
Is "Enlightened" some kind of code for "oppressive" then?
To increse the Serbian population of course.
Do you and /u/KontaktniCenter have some weird cult going on where you intentionally type like absolute shit in English because I've never seen either of you suck this much at typing in Slovene?
Why the fuck do you think everyone who advocates free speech is far right?
And cluntries like czech republic and poland avoided the 2008 crysis way better because they kept their own currency
How tightly are your borders monitored both by you and your neighbors?
Gösser radler is to die for
Indeed
Nivala F
It's brilliant
Just too many super religious rednecks for my tastes
Basically, from what I remember, it was: State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs wasn't internationally recognized, so [...] it joined with the Kingdom of Serbia, which has before that already [joined/merged/annexed/unclear] with Kingdom of Montenegro, to form Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes.
^^^^Russian ^^^^ambassadors ^^^^are ^^^^dropping ^^^^like ^^^^flies ^^^^recently.
At least you guys dont want to break from us , ye?
>"Zanimljive geografije" (interesting geography)
Kaja or Kaia in other languages.
Destroying our economy for few years, getting our credit rating into low B, just in hopes to get Troika to force us to keep his party in power
I used to read Mickey Mouse, Alan Ford, and Asterix as a kid.
slow clap
Anywhoo good luck in your travell, stop ower in Slovenia, soull have a blast
The nearest beach is 50 minutes away in my country, but only 10 on Italian side
Benefits of a small country, like ours, you can walk from south to north in a week or less
Europe needs anlot of reform rather than a PR blitz
Still, the weirdest such exchange I had was at a horseburger place in Ljubljana (Trubarjeva, where Šeherezada is now) that tops all the kebab conversations:
He eats only fresh fruit, abstains from alcohol and sex, sleeps properly and avoids all stress except when his grandpa comes home late at night from a whorehouse, blind drunk and starts preparing barbecue.
enotami zahodne slovenije
In school, we learn of the dialect groups, what makes them unique and what the differences between and inside each group are
The Last Alliance of Elves and Men versus the armies of Mordor
Digit aded is 1 digit removed is 0
If my parents aren't home they just tell them to leave it infront of the house
I don't think I've ever seen anything like that here
[Relevant Xkcd] which also annoys me a bit because it doesn't go into how can a mass of people that are on average of average intelligence make decisions that are remarkably unintelligent.
That's a Nazi supporting state if I have ever seen one.
This is in the Alps hah
The fuck did ~~Austria~~ Germany do this time
But I don't think he stole souls, as he needed them alive as to keep him company
Yup, was there 2 years ago
He was joined by Carantanian and Carniolan Slavs (ancestors of modern Slovenes) in his rebellion.
What makes you think Albanians ever wanted them?
I don't think it's rude, just everyone prefers not to know
They expect people to just casually get over everything they went through
Our TV programme had a piece on camping/glamping last week.
I think high schools here had different rules
We are too small and irrelevant for anything else to be noticed, it would seem.
Still, in general, being atheist is ok, nobody feels ashamed of it over here
We only just got our first Primark though
What happened to alpski Srbi
You have the good fortune to have at least 4 times more index funds available to invest into than I have.
Ideology of the European Soviez
I don't exactly live in the city but I did go to school here as I live around 30km away.
We're a country of 2 million
Slovenian is the least similar, because its influenced by German and even Italian for a bit
basically since only the high class have internet, its just them entering the data
I once heard an American describe Slovenian language as "German-Russian language".
Damn only Norway has less murders
I'm not one of those who visits a country they just heard of and doesn't learn about it on the internet.
There ain't no getting rid of that one!
As such, it's reasonable for me to have certain expectations regarding their conduct.
Sometimes they also 'collect signatures' for whatever made-up organisation.
Man I actually like the real Slovenian version of Nanana
You can't pay for bread with hypothetical money
Good of Juncker to do some straight talking.
Sm bil sam v Turčiji, potem je pa šla še moja družina.
The rest uses geography or history
On the other hand, there's no excuse for the most expensive game of all time back then to not have a single person point out that the last name likely doesn't end in "ick", considering last names ending in "ich" is one of the single most common tropes about Slavs
I'll take that as a compliment
Europe is not a single isolated entity in this world so I am sure posts like this are fine.
You are going to Europe, but you're going to 9/50 countries.
Yeah sure Mr troll
Mr Hudson's Supernova with Kanye is one of my faves.
Slovene, Serb and a Croat (or a Bosnian)
On average, English is still better, but I was in for a couple of pleasant surprises lately
in front of the door behind which her dear Salko once lived
And we're not even the largest group within our regional group
But they got €€€.
That's completely understandable, I'm just surprised how hateful and inappropriate some of the comments are, it blows my mind how some people just can't hold themself back when they are typing this stuff.
Maribor dorms seem to be owned by University of Maribor.
But conservatives here love to rip on "socialized medicine" in other countries
And Manx Gaelic too (Yn Elveeish), that's where the map is wrong ;)
I'm not sure about Zajamniki, but you can rent those cottages on Velika Planina.
Črna Vas (pronounced [ˈtʃəɾna ˈʋaːs]; Slovene: Črna vas) is a settlement on the right bank of the Ljubljanica River, south of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.
I agree, but the problem is the cases are *still* going up despite the measures we have
Ski jumping is very popular here and a there’s a big fan base that is very passionate about it
And we're not even the largest group within our regional group
Scotland should go for independence already
Interesting note about purple - historically, purple dye was really expensive (why is why purple flags weren't a thing)
Sounds similar to the current mayor of Ljubljana.
3 November: anniversary of Russia killing a dog
It's all about propaganda
which even had a concert in
> and a federation of regions rather than countries
Shit man, I am having cabbage and potatoes for lunch and now you made me feel bad.
Same went for Germans in [Gotschee region] where they were absolute majority deep into Slovene lands.
Worked on it like idiots for at least a week
We also have the special plural, but for 3-4 and then 5+ :
We sing it at the beginning of 'maturantski ples' in high school
HA-HA-HA
but, Slovene and Croatian are fairly different.
It is pretty popular now that we are good.
I'm revoking your Balkan pass
I've never seen a flag come with a tree and a watermark.
How can E.R. be closed
The removal process may take a few centuries, though.
...Third referendum: Question above
1 stol
"Midva" is supposed to be the most beutiful word in our language because it menas "us two". I think a few languages have dual but not many
Lots of backslash against teachers and kindergarten teachers atm, because they're staying home right now, even though they're forced
Well
True, but we still rank really high
Basicly pro-feminist, pro-immigration, socialist.
But the city seemed dirty to me.
Even reading first few pragrafs shows you conpletly misrepresented the Danis states actions.
edit: that one's comming out in 2021
In Greek i know just some basic greetings and in Irish just some basic words, I find both languages beautiful though
Sounds like a plan If we could get along :)...
Thank you China, givez me da moneyz
Whos bright ides was it to make dates into numbered lista?
From what I can find on the internet, Ronja is a pet form of Veronika and Roxana in Russia but it was rarely used in Scandinavia before Ronja Rövardotter.
1 pes, 2 psa, 3 psi, 4 psi, 5+ psov
My girlfriend who watches some American vloggers (no comment on that) says she often sees kids wearing shoes on every possible furniture.
But Europe can be pretty bad too.
Did you read what I wrote in the body?
I remember when the Austrians did something similar when we needed help with ice rain a couple of years back
Don't know what it's like now
Why should he be listed under Serbia?
In that case
In western democracies it might work because the productivity of citizens is THE income that the country relies upon thus they need to spend some time in their time in office (which is not limitless) to make something to make people just a bit more productive + it's a crowd pleaser which usually results in second term
I like ours
After the war, murdering the members of the Slovene Home Guard and their families and throwing their bodies in pits
Refugee crisis: Number of asylum seekers arriving in Germany drops by 600,000 in 2016
Also failing to do that succesfully, so we're drinking a lot to compensate
Can you easely travell from Savanski Brod to Split in an eletric car without charging for idk 5 hours in the middle of your trip?
They were the best shit
If any, Slovene was mostly influenced by German, however, many germanisms have been removed from the standard language due to the efforts of several linguists in the 19th century with the aim of “purifying” the language
Why not sing it in interslavic?
Are you saying a country = a nation?
Of course we have narrations about men who strive to survive in the nature or independent of civilization in various areas, or men that behave traveling warriors etc
both actually
Very effective when I want to trigger Poles on reddit
There actually still is a small german minority in Slovenia, scattered around the country
I'm sorry, it was not my intention to ruin your joke.
It's impossible to translate each word but here it goes:
I guess we just don't think twice about it, even though they seem like small things I can imagine it must bother foreigners who study the language.
Could you clarify what RegioJet you are talking about?
Venice, instead of stealing cars you would be stealing gondolas
That's what Croatian War of Independence was all about.
The fuck did ~~Austria~~ Germany do this time
From my understanding, it was Russian-backed and directed revolutionaries that shot down a civilian airliner due to some sort of mix-up
Problem is overall low voting turnout which enabled him victory
Given we have the biggest military in Europe
As I handed the Italian officer my U.S.
There have been lots of talk about changing our flag years ago.
And I, by the way, I don’t have a musical instrument
When I lose them in Slovene, it takes some description games
Are you saying there's no missing kids in Slovakia or at least less than what Amber alert says or are you saying that missing kids are not a problem in Slovakia?
Am I the only one who finds it kind of ironic that they are against so called globalization and countries coming together internationally yet they seem to have no problem havig meetings with Wilders, Le Pen, Petri.
Minister (and ombudsman of childrens rights) agreed with social services that grandparents are unfit to take care of the kids and people as people protested their decision.
Plus, when Trieste (where most of slovene speaking burgeoasie lived) went to Italy, Ljubljana's status was undisputed
I don't even know how you'd do it from bottom up.
Don't you know nucular power has like, xrays and stuff?
Aldi (Hofer in our case) is much much better than Lidl
This is a fight that never ends.
If a kebab shop across the street goes bankrupt, it won't get bailed out like that.
Clearly a very important one we are having.
Basically his Slovenian gf (he was foreign but I forget from where) went to lunch with a guy friend
Go deeper
Flirting in German is just weird but I get super-rational, and Slavic languages are great to be pissed, depressed, and negative in, which usually happens
Also not being a politician or owner of a company and not assuming that all the politicians and company owners are stealing from everyone they can
But I might be wrong, or I've interpreted things in a wrong way
what's up with the bird nests on top of finns
I feel safe walking alone anywhere
No, but we have lots of restaurants that serve so called "malica". These are daily menus that are only served between 10:00-14:00
It should, I tried to be as vegan as posible.
How many people heard about the recent kidnapping of a Gypsy girl in Serbia
First in Ali G he as Ali G proposes a policy to only allow fit women refugees into UK, and sends a ugly looking chick "back to Slovenia".
At least he brought flowers
Here, that would be "res je" which means the same thing (literally "It's true".
Because nations should be independent.
Wheres for country like Austria which is surrounded by Schengen countries it would be much harder
” I woke up the next day to the news of the terror attacks in Paris
If at first all states of Europe are not willing or able to join the union, we must nevertheless proceed to assemble and combine those who will and can.”
It's the only way to control who goes in or out
Why you should choose Slovenia for your next ski holiday
4th tallest building was built in 1933.
Luckily kurds in Syria have now a mini revolution going on where they are striving for a kind of socialist society with anarchist elements.
Please don't use "Eastern Europeans" for those groups and in general for any EU country
all the dumb things he said about brexit already make him a complete moron or at the very least an insidious man
Vesel tortni dan (happy cake day)
Edit: Well fuck me, apparently we *can* use the word "[gymnasium] for it even though our English teacher said it was incorrect
Mainly consists of slovenian actors and students.
F*** biodiversity if it means a less developed economy.
Seks
Very embarrassing
Just look at the former and the current Socttish referendum movement
Nazis had Gestapo, and yet it was held against German people as a whole that they did nothing.
The tracks specifically are tiri (plural, male) or tirnice (plural, feminine), which supposedly comes from protoSlavic, basically meaning the path that someone makes where there was none before
I don't care who who voted for, people are people.
It's not too early to start planning for the end of the EU
Otherwise people here feel nostalgic for the old currency
> najlepše **urejena** mesta
For the record, this entire thing about Trieste being Slovenian is a joke to most Slovenes, so I'm not actually trying to argue that in all seriousness
I'd say I didn't catch more than half the meaning all in all, but the opening lines are really similar to modern language
[This] because people, regions, landscape, accent, attitude...
The last attempt was in late 2019
Police keeps people safe and brings order to the system we live in so that you and I can walk outside without feeling we gonna die any moment
Look at the guy with the 3000€/monthly wage la di da
Around Ljubljana, I ride an old Rog Turist (a well known brand in Slovenia)
I think them feeling important and tough is enough to fuel them
Like something from a Tolkein novel
Železna cesta/iron road is a poetic word for železnica
I like to do this trip with my bike at least once a year, and I highly recommend it.
Salo I
The concept of ethnic guilt is idiotic.
I don't think so
There are signs on every border crossing.
I went through Ženica on my way to Sarajevo this summer
Those augmented lips are ugly, though.
It's left cheek, right cheek, lips
There's absolutely a lot of negative versions which might win out instead
I only know of 1 and I am still baffeled why it is there and how it got there but generaly no they are not
These poppies are most probably *Papaver rhoeas*, the field poppy (could also be some other *Papaver* - not so familiar with flora of Spain, field poppy does grow there and it's probably that)
Maybe it was due to Corona anyway, the panic had already begun at the time
[PARK OF MILITARY HISTORY PIVKA]
The difference wasn't that notable between the two major cities
We literally have a company that organizes tickets+transfer to neighboring countries (and Germany, etc)
This was a first in history of Slovenia
As far as lines painted on a map by a Brit go, these are quite reasonable
Well Slovenia is on the border between [Central Europe and Balkan] and even though the majority of geographical land stays in central Europe we are still mixed into Balkan and that's the main problem why people dispute about it
“Drevo, ki je padlo
how would the czek version sound like?
I will never understand brexit from economic prespective.
The most Slovene is probably Ljubljana
Agreed
So I assume most people aren't aware of its existence.
In my experience, there's 2 groups of people who know how to actually use computers:
I'm always confused when you Croatians use word "žganci" for polenta.
The 60's change was a combination of terrible WW2 experience, increased education and literacy, and increased access to information via TV and radio.
Thats two players down, only the week remaining.
> he would think of Prague
I don't think we have any that would be typical ours, they're all "stolen". The two most common would have to be Burek and Kebab
- Dolores Umbridge - Kalvara Temyna
As sad as this picture is I have to point out the chairs
Do you think they just post random kids pics or what?
I can realy ony think of the extremly comical.
Celovec(Klagenfurt) and Gradec(Graz) were also very important for Slovenes
At least in overall quality of life
A lot of people here don't and study obscure courses, end up without a job in their field and blame the world for it
You don't have to drive for 10 hours or get on a plane to get from one part of the country to the other
Breaking the iron curtain just so happens to be our speciality
I'm so sorry for what's going on in Serbia
Driving through those crossings after Schengen it was weird seeing those buildings empty
Portuguese
A mixed group of exchange students, not sure about all nationalities
We never had that before
and May happily triggered Article 50 without a plan
We have 2 types of milk, sterilized under high temperature which is good for months and can be stored at room temperature or fresh which last 2-3 days and has to be stored in fridge or it will get soured
Some things in Lidl are OK quality, some not
So - tidy
I think that we really have no reason to complain
\<1 wouldn't ride a motorcycle
I must say the new french flag is much more original than the old one
> 3 or 5 days per year for caring for sick children (edit; this is a common feat from private companies, but it's not mandatory)
Smugglers should be hunted until they get the message.
I remember eating them a lot when I was a child.
Everyone in the Balkans is already convinced about their own right.
As someone who works with kids I'm really interested in this.
Am convinced you're just a troll lmao
What might be a normal work commute in big countries is a pretty long trip for us especially when you cross like 2 or 3 different regions
sometimes they are down to 8/90 parlament member present.
Common sense would already tell you that a millennium in the same entity would have more of an effect than being colonized for 50 years by someone else who just happens to have a related language
But Catalonians aren't a rich part of a nation, they are a nation of their own.
what exactly was stolen from you by corporations?
The most interesting law I've heard of is a law in Illinois, USA.
I sure would have been one of the party goers
I think it's hard to pick any one region without making the others feel left out - because the one thing we seem to generally agree upon is that when it comes to natural heritage, we seem to have won the lottery, so to speak.
Another thing, making grammatical cases with foreign words
I'mma nominate the [Škocjan caves] in Slovenia
the only ones I hear run this joke in the ground are usually 4chan nationalists
- Gorenjska: Rude, stingy people, they love everything that is free, they always hike or do extreme sports
Sooo, let's say around 10 times a year.
We have our own culture that is vastly different from Serbian one.
And the new minister for internal affairs(the one overlooking the police) is a director in that firm(media house)
Of course
But Crimea wsnt methodicly setteled.
if resources are limited and essentially a zero-sum game, everyone’s an enemy
People living in the forest and on boats doing random shit.
wait so according to that comic, a government can shut down any media house but not arrest anyone and they dont violate freedom of speech?
So translated it would be Tina Muster
But that won't deter low effort baiting though.
Ljubljana is Osrednjeslovenska, or Central region (historicaly part of Dolenjska, Lower Carniola), Maribor is Štajerska or  Styria, and Koper is Primorska or  Littoral
When I was in school it usually started at 8:00
Ivana Kobilica - though I must admit, I knew of her mainly because her portrait was featured on the 5000 Tolar banknote, our currency prior Euro, otherwise she'd be more or less just another name on a long list of historical figures we needed to learn for school
But it's not on hostelworld anymore
There are not many asian men here, but there are some asian women because of one-child policy and favouritization of boys.
Primorska, Maribor, Koroška and some regions in Gorenjska have a very distinguished accents.
It's an old word for monkey
You know, the phase when there were no concentrated infantry assaults yet.
If you see a tank driving behind you with a cannon pointed at you, what do you do
> Laško
*Parliament disabled for 3 seconds*
Especially the official things never changed.
Even with topics that have nothing to do with politics.
Pope is emissary from god and God cannot be defeated!
An it would be ilegal to discriminate
The rent
[Karanfilov] ಠ_ಠ Alright, let it be your way."
The first thing that comes to my mind about romanians tho are truck drivers, people stealing gas at the station and their orphans from the 90’s. Not the best image bit, I know they are making progress and I’m happy for them because it’s a fascinating country
God's blessing on all nations,
txt
While other side are mostly pro partisans, as it brings more votes, but are divided in smaller fractions
maybe the sheep owners should invest in some tall fencing rather than shooting the remaining few wolves.
I just checked in my German book just in case I was wrong but that's how they taught us
We don't either
Although dangeruous in some parts because of falling rocks
v = in to
There's definitely more than 89 Albanians from Albania here.
Also most populas is Chese Burek.
At least that's what popular TV and radio shows keep selling
Amongst the stars, shooting tsars
Their excuse: exams have already been printed out
Maybe "junior colonialist partner" in the partnership with Austria would've been a better term to use
Now I'm curious how come you guys need to have a special word for people who fucked the same woman
Maybe they used it in literature 100 years ago
I don't care for TV and stationary phone, my company pays for my mobile (if I even cared to have it in the pack, there are better options available), so I only need fast internet
the population of Molossia 100% supports their dictator, but are still a part of the 🇺🇸.
I agree, but the problem is the cases are *still* going up despite the measures we have
No, Slovenia is both beer and wine
13 people drowned with only one survivor who was lucky enough to be washed clear of the torrent
EU military union should, and must be strictly neutral and have in its legal fundation the works of making it imposible of the EU military union of alying with anyone, especialy CSTO and NATO.
my great grandma who fought in the war was amazed you could order pizza via online and phone.
Well depends on the weather but I can see italian neighbor dramatically gesticulating all over again and austrian neighbor tries to be lauder than his basement but it's too foggy to see hungarian guy doing something.
Oh shit they even got Niko Grafenauer to sign that, I remember reading a bunch of his poems in elementary school.
They said it had to be done by a neutral country i.e.
It was a big mistake from Renzi to connect his presidency with results of the referendum.
Why would it be profitable for ukraine to carry on with the war.
But I don't think many people think of them in genders
At least they don't wear women's purses like some Japanese men.
And they integrate wonderfully.
The figure of the cowboy is at the forefront of this process, its main ambassador
[The bride not wearing adidas, 5/10](
Hehe, well we got conquered so many times in our history, and we have stronger neighbours so we soaked up a lot of extra culture, cuisine, language and other stuff through the years ...
But it cannot confirm what you are.
The UK's unique uncodified constitution
There's really too much to list.
Oh, please, do not apologize
I also wrote a commendation to their commander, saying that they were extremely polite and professional but that they were misused in their current role.
I just say 'happy holidays' because it includes all 3.
For anyone who wants to experience the Alpine, Mediterranean, Pannonian and Dinaric world, all in one country, there's the crossroads of Europe that is Slovenia.
Other than that, Serbo-Croatian is the most widely understood and spoken, while German comes third
It wasn't until the peasants rebelled that they were forced to give it up and now they are constantly annoyed by the noise of aircrafts flying overhead
Yea, we translate 'borovnice' to 'bluberries' but it seem they're actually bilberries.
I would say the situation here is the same, except for the gypsies.
Montenegro -> Črna Gora (black mountain)
None of the people i know with two names use both
You probably meant deciliter
A misliš da če po neti neke bedarije pišeš, da se neo nič zgodlo
Ah ok, makes perfect sense then
You'd have to get extremely unlucky to experience actual racism in Slovenia beyond the retard group mentioned above
Aldi, or Hofer as it's called here, is not a *classic* * supermarket.
Oh, sorry for the misunderstanding
I don't remember Eurokrem from when I was a kid but all chocolate spreads were called 'eurokrem'. We had Viki krema, with a little Indian
When o'er earth's habitations,
Thrace is in Europe yeah, but their capital is in Asia Minor, which is in Asia.
I have seen a graph which showed combined contribution of EU countries as one third of total.
Each grade has a lunch break after different period and it lasts 25 minutes
Long overdue, but a massive step in the right direction nonetheless.
Well the Cockta in Slovenia is marketed as original nowadays
Jams from fruits not available locally are also usually very appreciated.
They are stealing from the refugees.
Getting all of that music for free is a pain in the ass, though.
Southern Austrians, like Carinthians and Styrians, literally are largely just Slovenes that started speaking German
[This] seems like a solid start on the topic.
Us: *order*
Herman Potočnik was also one of the first people to design a theoretical space station
Their excuse: exams have already been printed out
I would befriend him/her immediately.
But now the law says you have to form it as soon as there's a congestion even if it's just construction work because you never know, especially in hot summer months, if someone stuck will need an ambulance service
"Proper" / literary language is taught in all schools here and everyone will write in it, many people will also speak it in highly formal occasions, but otherwise they will speak in their local dialect
you get the idea
At least the Flemish Region and the Flemish Community have merged.
Articles are there so in case someone dares to actually hit back as in counter invade
A weird case is the towns of Gorizia and Nova Gorica (New Gorizia)
The amount of people who have that degree for such a niche field is way too high (at least here in Slovenia)
Pennala F
That all men free,
We may also use serbus (servus) as a greeting, everything car/engine/tool related (kuplunga - Kupplung)
Their medical sistam is amayzing
my grandfather worked for my country in EU.
At 13 or 14 most of us also started going on summer vacations without parents or any supervision.
Interesting, Slovene name for Venice is Benetke
Normally people drop off their kids and then pick them up at the end
Depends on what kind of beach, if its crowded, popular beach I'd say less then 5%, on a more remote  not crowded one it can be between 10-30%
That's the typical food you pack in your backpack when you go hiking here
I'm not denying Russia does some shady shit, I'm just saying they aren't that much worse than our "allies" to the west
And how exactly do we know he was always stopped because of his colour?
Random shot in Slovenia [oc]
At first I wanted to use English at the Slovak border, where I purchased the vignette, but the teller heard my brother talking in Slovene with my brother and he just spoke Slovak to me
Mesopotamia, Egypt, China, Indus, hettits, greeks, Phoenicians, Carthage, Rome, Celts
And this is only scratching the surface, really
I don't think they give a crap in what kind of bottles they get it currently
I was told it was northern Norway
sod - barrel
We had a subject called "gospodinjstvo" where we did learn something about cooking
Our dialect is different in cases, sounds, sentence formation and words
Maybe the foreighn legion, and Ukrain.
I think in general the mountaineering ethics has declined a bit since it became so popularized
Probably expecting another inevitable chicken deficit because of brexit
The whole powerplant now operates with losses and relies on imported coal instead of reliying on the coal from the near Velenje coal mine
Oh they did redesign them, putting 'European Union' on them.
Hard to tell, but I'll give it a go.
God, I just want a reasonably stable government with only some small corruption scandals and possibly a minister who has to resign due to discovery that he was a swinger
They are leading our country
Turkish because I kinda like their overall culture and their food is extremely good
On the west we have contact with romance speaking Europe, on the north with germanic Europe and we are a slavic speaking country that has contact with the slavic Balkans on the south side
Yeah sometimes
I just have shirts saying "Generic
o -> about
I think I've read this guy's comments in the comment sections of some news websites
It's tiny and that would be super inconvenient
We only say "čin" or "na zdravje", but someone who's a more avid drinker than me may correct me.
The quality of boxing has definitely rised
There is one side which has something they didn't paid for but should and other side which was not paid.
If you are in Bled you need to try [blejska kremšnita] (Bled cream cake).
So if you are going somewhere with one friend, you don't say "Mi gremo"
So, while I was a kid in Istria, I was getting presents on St.
About the irredentism; I am aware that this is just part of his nationalist discourse
Curriculum topics are similar to the ones we have in high school, just more basic.
I guess i'll eat fat today
I know so many parents with small kids all proud of themselves that they don't allow their kids to play video games
My favourite is [Celjski dom] It was built for the German comunity so it used to be called "German house".
Jesenice has just shit geography, Trbovlje even worse plus being a former coal town so it's not too hard to understand why it's falling behind economically
Paisley and Renfrew were scary driving through
You got a problem with the Slovenian flag, m8?
Not sure how old you are, but my generation ('79) also had a couple of trips each year in primary school going into nature for a weekend and collect mushrooms, fruits, wild vegetables and herbs.
Name one European mountain range.
I thought that in Hellenic tradition, getting fucked by a man was considered a normal part of growing up and not gay at all.
Met my SO there
Surgeon - 4,09-17,77 €
There are millions of Irishmen whose native language is English for example.
The government put out a plan to import 40 to 50 people a month but the numbers don't add up - they said we would supposedly take around 500, but according to their plan the number is twice as high.
All I know is that weed is dirt cheap
I live near Koper
But me - I would choose the 2nd biggest city Maribor
Have a merry whatever you celebrate.
Everything is in Ljubljana, why can’t Maribor have something as well
In great Balkan country of Slovenia we do for  quite a long time and [Ljubljana] is really successful
Surprisingly nobody is talking about any of the numerous songs
We do pay some costs of dental care, but still very cheap.
I could see shit going down between Croatia, Serbia, Kosovo and Bosnia.
both actually
In Slovenia we have at least one piece of news a year describing a group of tourists (mostly Czech) hiking in sandals or a similar bizzare thing
Well at least according to the subtitles from the movies
And a loaf of bread was 120 tolarjev.
Slavic is a big family and understanding Russian is a lot harder than Croatian
Also pigs need to be killed in the stalls by a professional with a specific gun so that they don't suffer.
About 100 years ago the place I grew up in was [given to Italy] Nobody asked Slovenes of Croats who lived there for opinion.
Or is it the same set
Potem bi morali plačevati tudi Bulgarom, Srbom, Romunom, če upoštevamo vetrove
It's a romantic way of saying having sex, sure, but the phrase itself is not exclusively sex related
I live 1 kilometre from Italian border
It's only a bit more than 2 hours away from me
As nice as it is that someone from the US is altruistic enough to worry about us (thank you so very much), I don't think it's sincere, and I don't think you have a clue about anything about us or our society.
They also put some tablets in that supposedly clean the water.
there’s a great article from Francis Fukuyama on identity politics on the left, but I think the logic applies to the political right as well
Hope to hear from younger generations what they had or wanted to read these days.
Ok, if there is a lot of left over sauce and the pasta is already eaten
Koroška
Maybe the border regions are pulling the rest of us down
they were an exception when the Nazis needed collaborators
And employees are required to get an untaxed *bonus* to cover certain expenses.
Not all Germans of that generation were guilty of being Nazis, but nearly all Germans of that generation are guilty of not opposing Nazism.
Everyone could celebrate whatever the heck kind of religion they wanted at home.
The museum is quite nice though.
In Slovenia, you are allowed 0
We have them in our capital
Its not on ić and its not on -ski.
Ethics class is taught in both 7th and 8th grade
Afterwards, when it was rebuilt, architecture and the city drastically changed
Standard pre-election mud throwing, nothing to see here.
Force your ideas on other countries.
I hope it doesn't spread anywhere.
GTFO
Croats have an extreme sense of national pride and being croatian means being catholic.
"Ne delaj se Francoza" - Stop acting like French is a saying when somebody pretends to not understand something
[After heavy rainfall]
I know about the history of monarchy and Scotland, but I'm a hard republican, and just can't get any reasoning with keeping monarchy.
maybe
It's normal here to move to the sides if you see an emergency vehicle behind you, on a highway or off it
Are ISIS in your mind the oppressed party
Bled cream slice
How it's made and strength I think
Check where [German] and [Polish] citizens can travel visa-free and then decide which of the passports is better for you.
And when they believe in every conspiracy theory and every fairly tale story about how things are in other countries.
You definitely have to try it with ćevapi or any other kind of grilled meat
TBH if you can you should always buy of the online lego store, shipping to slovenia is free at least for what i am trying to buy
Scotland and NI combined couldn't veto Brexit
Slovenians don't post memes
Don't forget lazy Montenegrins and thieving Croatians
Look i come from the country of 2 mil.
Italian for me
Me pleases that we have realized
They would have made Ljubljana a separate region if that would mean more money
Seriously though, I like Germany in general, but a downgrade on the arrogance towards poorer countries in general and Slavs in particular wouldn't hurt
They were not that bad
The most well known from Slovenia might be Gramatik (hip-hop?) and Laibach (industrial-martial political music) so apart from those.
They are both ok, but don't really come close to the original.
He pretty much refuses to appear on other stations, accusing all other journalists of spreading fake news and collaborating with the deep state
Six more days and this goddamn year is over.
What is wrong with Slovenske novice?
But I guess it really is a matter of how you define moving out
Probably just walked away
> keisarikunta
But we're also Slavic, so we get -2 points for being 'Eastern Europe'.
I don't remember writing this comment
Dialects from vicinity of Idrija come to mind
Not from Seicento to Ottocento but from 600 AD to 900 AD.
Hahahaha, a very Slavic prayer indeed.
HAHA Brits are gona ask the EU is they can indded leave the EU
They love it and praise it as their capital, even in the Krajina region(I'm from a village so it may not be true for let's say Tuzla)
Well now it’s up to you ;)
Some people hang them up for holidays, and they are also used for sporting events
When we speak it no one can understand us outside of our municipal borders
I have only seen him in the news once and he didn't explain anything about the elections.
A bad Emperor who ultimately did more harm than good, but R.I.P.
People who ride shiny new bikes are usually locals, who keep their bikes inside their sheds/ garages overnight
So in a way he is neither and people can have psycho-social problems with less on their repertoire, so i can imagine for someone with identity crisis that must be even harder.
- John Lackland = Ivan brez zemlje
Slovenia, 15-20 years ago: Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, North America, Central America (mentioned as kind-of-but-not-really a continent), South America, Antarctic
And there is a bunch of [motorway signs ] it all around Ljubljana
However I would support programs that increase integration, like obligatory classes of our language, if they don't pass at the end, no visa or whatever.
And you can change the word fascist with any other word like sexist, xenophobic, homophobic...
How is this possible, we don't even have 1cm, nothing, nada
Austria entirely defined Slovenia, if Austria didn't exist nowadays Slovenia would basically be a slightly smaller Austria
Like some color correction or something?
Up to 52 dialects depending on who you ask, Kajkavian Croat being a dialect or Prekmurščina and Rezijanščina being separate languages entirely
Diese Hottentottenstottertrottelmutterbeutelrattenlattengitterwetterkotterattentäterfangprämie
Recent winters have moved the season in these mountins so it lasts to march
I loathe snow
All slovene schools have compulsory italian language, but just 3 hours per week, one hour less then slovene and the same amount as english
And all caps don't help either.
If I'm being honest, Slovenes did live in all of those areas
Present
I don't have any source, though.
I learned about him from [this] song.
It's cheaper and more efficient.
I went to bed that night and told my parents, “Considering today was Friday 13th, it was a very good day and nothing bad happened
They are called Romanians not vampires.
There are many ugly towns, yes, but I wouldn't be ashamed of that
It does have the possibility of becoming uselessly politicised as gun control in the US has become, but I truly hope it doesnt'.
It's the devil you know versus the devil you don't. Russia doesn't drastically change course every 4-8 years
So what happens if you wanted to travel for 2 years straight
And his puppet master was a Canadian pizza man who definitely had a thing for fascism.
First thing you do is stop further immigration from that place(MENA countries) the second is investing lots of time, money and energy in itegrating this people.
You're blaming the EU for something it didn't do - that's Brexit-style talk
But then again, I'm from Savinja valley, so I can speak just for us
If I may ask
Well if you know the language, but not perfectly, then it really is easier to understand it if the other person talks slowly and loudly.
It's easy to get rhilled up, but this is all just speculation.
The only photo of him smiling was taken at his wedding, although he did look a bit awkward in that baggy Russian-style uniform
Throwing people in karst pits
Is it like your everyman or something
Yes while in schools german is most widely learned
You might enjoy our linguistic brotherhood as well =) These are always interesting to read for the various Slavic language combos
I don't know if there's any other lakes like this in Europe, apart from a few smaller ones in Slovenia
We say: "boli me kurac", which means: "my dick hurts".
Depends a lot on where you come from, how you interact with others and a lot of other factors.
Ljubljana is a lot more gorenjska than dolenjska
Dutch- just cuz it’s kinda cool
As someone living 30 min from the Hu border, AFAIK they're "normal".
It's all about what people want or don't want, and those wants and don't-wants often have nothing to do with similarities
We only have police
It's absolutely true that Croat-Serb Coalition dominated the Croatian politics in the years leading up to WW1.
It was probably the hardest thing I attempted to understand during my exchange program (I failed, but I also didn't try very hard)
Or perhaps it's just that nobody wants to seem racist by using derogatory language for blacks but with Slavs it's normalized
From what I can gather after multiple visit to Serbia and knowing lots of Serbian, the thing you hate usually are the good things that happen for everybody else
Depends on price
I travel quite a bit, so I have this happen to me quite often
The mental gymnastics going on in your comment is amazing
After the construction finished the price more then doubled, to about 1 billion and 200 million I think
Also shopping trips to Germany or Austria are not uncommon, etc.
In rare occasions, we the passengers find a theme which keeps us interested in chatting for the whole hour.
1) We no longer have any heavy industry worth mentioning (thanx to you and your EU)
More likely she saw a tank driving with gun pointed front like it normally is during travel and it became a story for her grandchild
Large city: 200k
How
We're very far away from a true separatist political movement
Its no secret slovenians company invested a lot into ex-yugo countries.
Štirje volkovi (four wolves)
And the highest authority cannot be entirely trusted because it's under the control of non-democratic countries.
Wir helfen Kranken vögeln - we help sick people fuck
Parents don't take time to teach kids computer skills because they themselves don't  know how or just seat them in front of the TV
Most people who read it, read individual surahs instead of reading the whole thing and making a conclusion at the end not while reading it.
UK: Incoherent screaming
️ Tropical cyclone
I usually go with tounge twisters, because then our language sounds very hard to learn (which it actually is) and it gives them a perspective of how it sounds
the cevapi cevapi
A few volunteers from slovenia go down there and take care of stray populations in garbage sites
>**áfna** \-e ž (á) nižje pog
Here is the survey, we rank 2nd in EU, I guess
There's tons of old names not in use anymore.
Some people are bothered by even Europa being put on the bills.
"Do you have a tail
True dialects are mostly spoken by old people in rural areas, most of other people speak one of the colloquial regional varieties of Slovene, that are more unified, they are closer to literal Slovene and there is less variation between them
It's been published in weekly installments as a feature of Mladina newspaper since 1988.
This includes owning property and Germany is a country where renting is much more common compared to owning your house
When did Britain invade slovenian territories ?
My mum works in a kitchen and officially they arent allowed to take leftovers to home
Me, every year
I agree, but to who is "you" reffering to?
Imo, it's not the measures that are the problem, but the people
But real dark sky Milky way is really impressive
There are also some older classics from ex-Yu
Also a nursery home got hit, worst timing ever man
Janez Janša
If an army is there however, it isn't facing the germans and maybe the Marne offensive does succeed, the Kaiser's army walks in Paris and all is indeed over by christmas.
I think it's mostly because Iphones are quite expensive and the general opinion here was that the price is not worth it (you pay just for the brand)
I was just trying to explain not liking something about someone does not mean you hate someone.
It's not just a question of culture but language, ethnicity and probably other factors as well.
Done
Slavic languages are related, who knew
Bruh you guys aren't even in the WTO, how crazy is that
And a bonus dual option: Hvala vama
Armenia and France have a long relationsghip.
[Just type "Juncker funny" in YouTube.]
For Slovenia
edit: there's also [this] but it can't be found anywhere online and it's only in Slovenian
Which is many times better than the previous translation of Bogataj
Same shape as a chevap
the Grand organ survived
If you need to go outside your house to use internet on a machine you don't *really* know how to use efficiently, you might just as well use the time to personally sort things out.
Well that's what I mean
And in some places you have to order 'domača kava' in others it's ok to say 'turška kava'.
*Interesting* porn today, anonymity tomorrow, electric kettles the next week.
I used to like them but after 2014 when our house was almost flooded not anymore
Not to mention our PM is the only one (!) that congratulated Trump on 2020 victory
povodni konj - water horse (hippopotamus)
658 - 745
I would say Malmö is a bit more dangerous.
That's why testing isn't so important, they will treat you the same whether you have the coronavirus or not
We were shouting to the driver to stop
I have never seen them in stores here.
That would go a long way toward covering costs.
sestri - 2 sisters
Lol the study is sourced very well.
The last execution was in 1959 and the last death sentence was given in 1980 (to the infamous serial killer Metod Trobec) but was later changed to prison time
55€ a piece (if we only count violins).
So does Benelux, it's just that you've gotten used to it.
)))
It is the other way around
The confusion is complete
Im not sure for foreigners, but you have to have finished your high school.
Can confirm
We wear it in Slovenia
Yeah, just like "Gdje si jebem li te" means welcome.
I'm not a strong proponent of it ...
As long as the illegals are shown not to be welcome here, the future tide may be stopped.
Youwill be able to comunicate with everione and you will actualy see things and have new experiances, experiance a non anhlosaxon colture ect
People who ride shiny new bikes are usually locals, who keep their bikes inside their sheds/ garages overnight
Cuz in slovenia germany/hre is talked about more than any other outside country
One more since last year because 2nd of January is a work-free day again.
Here, employed people pay 6,36 % of their gross pay for basic insurance, which covers almost everything (the list is actually complicated, but suffice it to say that you don't have to worry about paying, especially not for rare conditions, though one notable omission is dental care, which is covered very sparsely)
What we should do is what belarus did they raised their fertility for 0.4 in 10 years with smart goverment programs.
Everything in the country revolved around the migrants.
A law was passed in the 80's that prohibited a public gathering of over 3 people if none of them are wearing hats.
I met way too many people in real life who think that the EU is undemocratic and borderline evil, but at the same time the same people speak highly about Putin or Tito.
I was planning to mention the difference, but forgot
For the record there aren't any slient letters in the word 'Ljubljana', nor in the majority of slovenian words
missing the pasta and pizza
I did that too, but then went for 4 days in Berlin without once using cash.
How come Finlandia isn't your anthem?
I would say the castle in Segovia.
We literally stole Prekmurje and Primorska has always been influenced by Italians
If you would have read the coment thred on you would realize I was talking of subsedizing prices FOR STUDENTS not everibody.
The bells in the church towers ring:
But everyone just uses formal Slovene to talk to each other and it works fine
so you admit that it is a form of constitution?
You grow your own pumpkins, take out the seeds and dry them in the oven for a couple of hours.
Now, if the Albanians actually performed an armed attack on the Serbian minority, then Serbia declaring war on Kosovo wouldn't be that strange.
odgrešniki is a old word for that
He did a few blog posts on siol.net.
Oh no
I suspect a lot of health, safety and workers protection regulations will change
I hope to try it next weekend =D
On beaches with more families I've seen maybe 2 out of 100 women  sunbathe topless, most of those just laying on their stomach not showing their breasts on full display
There are other differences as well
Seriously
Ones nationalety is much more important than their pasport.
I find it normal
Kosovars and Albanian Macedonians call themseves Albanians and parade Albanian flag.
If you're gonna be spending that long in Slovenia, I'd also recommend a visit to the north-east regions of Štajerska and Prekmurje
Yes, that is what I mean
Miloševič, war with a UN declared terrorist group, more Milošević, ILEGAL NATO bombing and invasion, unilateraly declared independance by decentants of both legal and ilegal albanina imigrants.
To make them as inaccessible as possible?
Hopefully
tist otok vidla veckrat kot sebe v ogledalu
Below 0 is coat cold
Hold on
> with equal rights
Nowadays children mostly grow up with Cartoon Network (I channel I always deemd as stupid) and they speak better english than italian
We keep wine in our cellars, Austrians keep their women in cellars.
These days everything is much softer and more permissive.
Was
> to help Europe
Lol if you're that guy that someone linked in another post that cycled from Netherlands to Singapore, that's a bit weird comming from you.
Liberalism in Europe is not the same as liberalism in the US.
I'd say all of them but then someone would show me the flag of San Marino and I'd draw a blank.
One of them even asked if we have roads.
incurable cancer obviously what the fuck
I've seen pictures of Schwerin and it looks beautiful
Why would you hate people who loveto travel?
Well well well, don't I feel vindicated
That is why Transnistria has started reconstructing its landing strip.
Primorska region here
He seems like a cool guy
I doubt there's many names common in all Slavic languages
I hope to try it next weekend =D
Good
Ukrain did ban the use of Russian language in public life, baned it from TV and radion and from road signs ect.
Janez Vajkard Valvasor
I'm talking only about center of Belgrade
However, still not a good situation
If it was about nationalism, no one could ever cross the outside Schengen border illegally.
The only people that enjoyed Yugoslavia were the communists themselves
I don't think this things will be forgotten here anytime soon.
Yet another bad mistake is people using the wrong pronouns: "za njega" (for him specifically) instead of "zanj" (for him), claiming they have never heard of the latter form
"Zahod" in Slovene is west, in Croatian it's toilet
Bulletproof legal system in a month in all Slavic countries
However, some people think he should act more official.
But not in any kind of "civic nationalism", or whatever many scout groups are doing (I feel you've noticed that with US scouts), but mostly trying to give them tools to understand politics and the system we live in
If given the opportunity, how would you redesign your country's flag
Not much hardline anti-Americanism.
Too young to have seen Spain without the €
Perhaps contact [Student council of Economic faculty] and ask them for advice.
Celovec(Klagenfurt) and Gradec(Graz) were also very important for Slovenes
They probably never noticed Yugoslavia breaking up.
[What do you mean "beautifull railway"?]
I find this kind of music dreadful, but too bad because I think the accordion is such a beautiful instrument if you just allow yourself to play it differently, not according to the oberkainer standard
But that's the only way
As soon as war in Syria ends and refugees go back home.
Not really relevant for Slovenia though.
[Hrvatska do Tokija
Unless all the fat people just stay inside.
Because your people wont leave.
Pavia I
Whether or not raisins belong in a [potica] I personally think they don't, but according to a recent debate on our national sub, a large number of my fellow countrymen would disagree
It was on the news here last year, 2 years ago they want to seperate and become a new Monaco.
One reason why I don't like going there if I have a lot to buy
Credit goes to /u/bezzleford who also pointed out the following things:
Funnily enough I was going to write "aquaduct" at first but checked the spelling because I wasn't sure
you can pay an additional "voluntary insurance". However basically everybody pays it so it is more or less involuntary as it covers a vast amount of additional charges
The only other sport that I can’t think of where things get pretty heated and violence may occur is ice hockey
But I don't drink alcohol so can't speak from my experience
Many people on the left don't admit it was a dictatorship and that many people suffered
> Roosevelt was idealistic though and he was our leader
There's others but none of them have subtitles so it's pointless.
The Republic part is just weird to me; we don't say Slovene Republic or German Federal Republic.
I think its pretty much the same for boys
American universities hold a prestige around the world
There was a bigger area but eventually every child got a part of that land and built the house in their part of the area
While obviously an early quarantine is necessary, they took advantage if that for their personal gain and to wage war with the press
Slovenia was in for 10 days of "war", partly because we didn't go along with the order from Belgrade to disarm and disband our territorial defense force (national guard essentially) and partly because Serbia didn't really care about Slovenia - we've always been the odd ones out in Yugoslavia
Too rasta for The Sun's readers.
They also sent experts and police to Serbia so that the fence would need not be used.
I love how the characters in LOTR and The Hobbit all kept their original names, but the lands (middle earth-srednji svet; the shire-šajerska) were translated to be very silmilar to their origins
And yes Izedbegovic had a massive interest as his rise to power was done by using the war to make the running president seen incompetent, and Alija's second term was forced in a similar way as Bush Jr
What's wrong is that he congratulated Trump on Wednesday, when there were no official results whatsoever
Only then did I realize he's pulling it out like a card from a deck
How many of you know that  a few months ago we had to start up and disrupt normal operations of our power plants to "save" Germany or they would have been without power
Many Serbs are aggressively nationalistic, even for Balkan standards, which is annoying and obnoxious
Yeah, I was making a semi sarcastic joke.
My mom almost got strangled by a drunk parkeln (krampus) when she was a kid
I'm from an atheist/agnostic (depending on who you ask) family but there are several crosses, pictures and a statue of the Virgin Mary located around the house because my mother is into collecting religious items.
- buy local and seasonal, avoid exotic fruits imported from the other side of the world (s. America, asia)
I'm from here, yes :)
Meh, just a dent
Most of those built by Yugoslavia are still in use
We've had a bunch of protests (whenever a new site for housing immigrants was chosen).
Informal calls with family/friends I say “ja”? For unknown numbers I say “prosim” which can be translated to please (not really the most accurate translation as the context is important - means more like please, I am listening)
Rip Paris
We have been wairing for this soon since the 90s.
Pika je predvsem levosrično ločilo.
But small as it is its hard to put everything on this type of map.
Some of them litteraly think that most of Slovenia, except Ljubljana, are peasants
For any Italians reading this: if you're gonna build a tower, make sure to build it **vertically** and **not partly submerged in water**.
Ajax has better logo
We have clothes drying ropes on the balcony and a foldable wall thing in the bathroom.
At least we have the cars, right
If they dont want to ship try to arange it before so you can jus pick it up
Traditionaly a child gets his fathers ethnicity on paper.
When someone in a village is celebrating a birthday, usually a round one, or 18th birhday, fellow villagers will put up signs with his/her picture and a sign with however old that person is turning by the roads.
I don't get why people are surprized.
I heard there is a 15 year old fighting for her life
And on more general history that we learn and others don't, I'm always wondering why isn't the HRE interregnum and the rise of Hapsburgs more widely known
Ustashe - Army of Independent state of Croatia, Nazi puppet state
But the thing is that in our case its 100% state owned and this ruined so many companies since independence.
On the other hand you have Serbia, where I made friends with people I met on the train or during a concert.
I dont know in poland, but in slovenia they cant do anything
Peht(rn)a is present in Slovene mythology as well but those costumes look more like [parkelni] the companions of Miklavž (Saint Nicholas).
Cooking and raising the kids
>Which 3 sides
We have their countries as example and we have polls, we have backwards things like female genital operations, we have numbers on their crime.
I did meet a lot of very friendly people, and had an amazing time in an albanian (ghetto?
If **GOD** created them so that they should suffer then that is how it should be.
It's got around 10k people, most of us live in a stream carved valley surrounded on all sides by hills.
Sorry
A well known Slovene troll with a huge inferior complex and Anti-Austrian sentiments.
We sing it at the beginning of 'maturantski ples' in high school
I did not expect it to be so nice.
Personally, I loved visiting Cluj Napoca - friendly people, good food, pretty girls
Also the help that Germany got is overstated.
Triglav to become a true Slovene.
I never feel too far from home there
Replacing the red not the blue
The bigger net salary is bull ... u still use the money on healthcare and education and pension, but the service is much worse
It's definitely the coastal region with Koper as the main city
> England does not "rule" the rest of the countries in the UK at all
That is maybe the biggest cultural shock I had in Poland
Worse they will form a parrarel society in sweden and will never integrate.
Going to Koper through Italy saves 15 minutes
I'm gonna use this now to scare foreigners, thanks for the idea :D
Every time i hear that trumpet and see Karađić drink those bosniak tears i want to get my trusty old AK out of the closet and shoot up the sky.
If that counts as Newspeak, it's a new kind: words don't get butchered, meaning behind them does.
The memes here on Reddit are usually literal translations of english memes and everyting sounds super cringy to me
Depends on what kind of beach, if its crowded, popular beach I'd say less then 5%, on a more remote  not crowded one it can be between 10-30%
Bloody democracy
I checked it and it seems horrible.
She was wrong
But (rural) Austria also looks a bit "old-fashioned" in my eyes, a country/countryside where folklore is quite important.
What is Soviet Russia
He goes around doing regular people's work like picking up trash and working on fields instead of doing his actual job as a president
Apart from religion, you need to count in the different historical experience.
This monstrosity:
During the year when there's not a lot of tourists, safety corridors are made well but over the summer tourists just don't get it
Fužine and Šiška kind of had a bad reputation in the 90's because they housed mainly Bosnian, Serbian and Croatian immigrants/refugees who sometimes, not often, got into fights so everyone believed they're a hotbed of crime.
the toleration of domestic violence and alcohol abuse
one of their policy recommendations is that we stop taking prior criminal record into account when handing out sentences.
Vammala F
My idiot Slovenians still say "Trst je naš".
I'm not sure about "jed" - it seems to me it could have a relation to "jedek/jedka/jedko" which means corrosive I think, basically which can hurt living tissue
Source
We're net recipients, though just barely and a couple of good years or another low-gdp-capita member would likely push us across into the net contributor range
I speak 4 myself and I am learning german.
I used to know the Introduction part of it by heart for years after we considered it in school
He didn't get caught but when he told everybody in the parliament what he did the pm told him that he has to step down from his role as MP
They're longer here, not like a ball
It deoends on where you live
> Trabant
You have to have lived at least 20 years in Andorra and renounce your current citizenship.
EU should work into future legislation to have the right to throw out any member if other members agree.
Fascism and communism, it would seem.
In Slovenia the main second language is English (obviously), especially for the younger generations
What kind of monster prefers something with raisins in it?
They will of course stamp your passport in any of those coutries.
I've said it before and I'll say it again, Garda lake is one of the most underrated places in Europe
But I hear it means sth like to blow air up there and here it's, well, straight from English
Why i find it staggering is that English is not the easiest to learn grammatically,
:/ Jesenice looks TERRIBLE driving by on a highway.
- Thank you
imported by gasterbajters :D
In primary school we had only a place to leave your coat an shoes and that was it
Nickname: *Švabi* (also good for the Germans)
Many couples, in order to take advantage of that, never register their partnership and keep different official addresses.
You can say no and continue distributing 100
About islamization of Netherlands , about badly integrated immigrants.
They are a copy-paste Denmark model.
We have Philosophy in gymnasiums
“German nation”
-Religious Eastern Europe is Orthodox Christian
If a parents remarries the new spouse automatically gets a legally recognized relationship to the children.
>a breadcrumb and sugar mixture roasted in - ideally - clarified butter
How do you fit extra words into the tune??
overtook Nokia with their Android phones, Nokia knew better: There's no money in Android
Sure but you cant even compare.
Not exactly comparable to Stalin or his followers I'd say
It's Krst pri Savici (Baptism at Savica fall) by France Prešeren and tells a pretty tragic story about Christianisation of Slovene area
Slavic is a big family and understanding Russian is a lot harder than Croatian
None of our dialects are considered a seperate language.
We are, its just you are some much better at everything than us.
At some point religion becomes merely personal belief which is imo quite different.
We have bonfires on that day too but it's not because of Walpurgis night but because we celebrate Labour day.
Yes, absolutely
We had two who escaped prison few years ago and they wouldn't get any additional years for escaping
It's also 20 minutes long
The European Union is racing towards a collapse faster and faster due to the suicidal policies which allow so many illegals to walk on European soil.
Grenland is working for independance, this will remove Denmark.
Do they even know the north "Somaliland" is long since it declared independance?
ah so very very beautiful and peaceful.
Idk, they're not very bright people, all logic fails with them
Only 9.2% political connections in China?
what is its intrinsic value
I was also surprised some other countries don't get this "perk".
[Sample]
If you meant Carinthian Slovenes by any chance, German isn't their first foreign language, but their second language
I talked with a friend and his grandma started packing up and leaving as soon as it started
Do you bring the same argument up when a new mosque is being built in Great Britain?
But Ljubljana has Lek + chemistry and pharmacy faculties, which Novo Mesto doesn't have
No worries, it looks like [you've made a comeback]
I think I'll take the map with a metric ton of salt
Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't Otto von Habsburg help out a few thousand Austrian Jews flee to Switzerland
At least you seem to be having fun with yours though
As a consequence Paris became by far the most important economic centre where all the population started to move during the demographic rise that accompanied the industrial revolution
I've been to a shopping center supermarket yesterday and everything seemed normal
In my opinion EU should only consist of republics.
Maybe he was looking for the meaning of the famed swear word, you know, from Hitchhikers guide to the galaxy.
As Ljubljana gets a lot of tourists, I don't see why not.
Total births are not decreasing every year...
apart from his political views
Plus, now we know the initial assumed price of coal was estimated to be too low, it is actually higher
Kaija is a dimunitive of Catherine/Katarina.
National Anthem itself, it was written by our greatest poet France Preseren
I do a lot of writing in English, but commonly check Google Translate for words I knew yesterday
I'm always shocked when people eat salads with olive oil instead of pumpkin seed oil.
Your sloths walk
But in case of death almost 80% of relatives agree with donating organs of the deceased relative.
We learn the history of the territoriries that Slovenia covers today
Balkan peninsula is probably the most culturally diverse region in Europe.
Let's not go down that road, in case someone from a village of 200 000 people in China is lurking here.
Sveti Trije kralji v Slovenskih goricah (Holy Three Kings in the Slovenian hills) - 34 letters
000, most of them less than 5k)
Although that was 11pm at the latest and it was usually at least 2 of us
I've never read any Captain America comics.
It's the UK that wants out of this relationship.
We get taxed that much and get shit pay on top of that (Slovenia)
~~Happy cake day
there are two such things
You got my vote, but firstly Schengen needs expansion
It's the language that confuses them.
One of the most popular hills near Ljubljana - Šmarna Gora has loads of myths about Turks, as it was used as a refuge during their raids
Goričko is pretty hilly (kind of)
I like to read such behind the scene articles.
They are far more passive and I usually see them when going home from school
The german name is derived from the slovenian name, meaning little castle
Wanted to do an erasmus exchange in Utrecht
EDIT: ah, found a more "official" translation [here] "Less fearful the long night of life’s denial Than living ‘neath the sun in subjugation
Od kod prihajaš?
It's CIA-funded rebels and terrorists that made a mess in Syria
You sit down at the tables, you talk to people, they bring out beef and mushroom soup
They have different lockers now but idk how they use them
Then from what I see, 1st 4 grades have lunch after all the classes and 5-9 graders have lunch between 6th ad 7th period
If it would cover white dental fillings it would be near perfect!
I gave you the same moral example, ok actualy its worst but still
Double whammy
He doesn't seem so bad
People in some countries said NO, but who gives a shit, they dont control you, you own them.
HRE constant shit going on, now finally when we have the nation state and everyone minds their own buisnis we are at peace.
That said, you have to take into account that Bled is one of the most touristy and therefore expensive places in Slovenia.
So do Croats and Slovenians :P
Corona
Yes treaty of kadesh is also taught here, but why was it signed, who did it, ehat were the consequences
How is this possible, we don't even have 1cm, nothing, nada
(You lie, you steal, you eat fleas, you go to school but don't know anything!)
They have to give you the package or leave it in the box
(I'm only commenting for Slovenian presence here)
They would have made Ljubljana a seperate region, like other countries do with their capitals, if that played any part
It is not like I rode for free.
Nice retro tiles
Velenje je čisto druga zgodba, sem mislil, da govorimo o Celju?
Oh, so everyone in Europe is practically some kind of a German?
I mostly agree, but I have one question:
Anything for a kebab tbh
Like there is a system where everyone can agree with everyone
It's not even that proposed amendments are Islamist.
- Koroška: Funny people, but remote, can't say the letter R.
We have a tiny coast whereas Slovakia is landlocked
Since thinking about it, there literally isn't any stereotype about Slovaks we have here that I'm aware of
Well, geographically, culturally, and historically, only Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine are Eastern Europe in all three groups
When in this entire conversation ha that topic come up?
The number of homeless people has been going up in recent year due to the past crisis.
[Other translations] make more sense, well the Voldemort one is reffering to the >!I am lord Voldemort
When people are telling you that they are annoyed by the repetitiveness of your jokes, it's more reasonable to assume that your sense of humor sucks than that theirs does.
suicide: 13
Cuz they are busy buying our assets.
In Slovenia it does happen
There are people who have been here for decades and still don't speak the language and there are people who have been here for few years and speak it well enough.
Slovene caught with an arsenal of weapons [x post from r/slovenija] (translation in comments)
> Welfare would be member state level but work enforced minimum levels, backed by transfers bwtween member states when necessary
Not thrown out but told to leave the store and that they don't sell "hleba".
Pobčk raj se umir, jz na r/slovenia shitpostu še predn si se ti rodiv.
How to set your flair:
[A true Slovenian classic with special styling and moves and love for pinball
He is a right-wing politician who agrees with most of the views Trump had, even though they were extreme by EU (and Slovenian) standards
Lol, you're a tad bit too butthurt, go take a shower or something.
are those pandas fucking
So it kind of is dramatically different.
Everyone does
Its good but there are a little bit too many komunajzars for my taste.
Again though, I might have misread the data ... but see for yourself
000€ per month
Is it rude to ask how old are you
Full support
Selling pirated content is strictly forbidden.
And Slovak is closely related to those Sami languages from Finland
Long-term as real brexit , that is still on the cards...
I would prefer to be on the outskirts a bit, a nice house in smaller village or town <3 But first I at least need a remote job
At first i thought it was a joke
It makes even less sense if I tell you that he worked (and still works) in Ljubljana
It's obvious you are butthurt that your fellow countrymen simply dont know their geography.
So there are valleys filled with bodies
I hope to visit Belarous.one day.
bat - piston
But your parents receive child benefits until you're in school and majority goes home every weekend
Serbian and local TVs reported on Czetniks going to Crimea to help their Cossacks friends.
No one in their right mind would want to abolish all the national borders on this world.
Like for instance, the [two buildings on Repulic Square] in Ljubljana.
Even just getting in would be suicidal, considering all entry points are literally chokepoints easily covered from Europe
mothers generations(20k females) have rate of IDK 1.4, nowadays generations of 10k females even with 2.0 cant reach the same numbers...thats the issue
net where many hiking trails are described and you can see photos from the trail from start to finish with parking included
Not that I don't believe you, I genuinely wish to see the data
Thinks he is better than others and is in general full of himself.
I'd have to check it later
Dedek Mraz is a pegan slavic tradition.
Danish all have the same kind of backpacks.
Read the article provided, and you will see it was the other way around.
Since we don't have any party destinations nor stag destinations, I'm not gonna say Brits.
Chad Putin and Virgin Lukashenko
The last one used to be used when talking to parents or grandparents up to 1940 and is still taught in schools but only because it's in the grammar
Why should people have the power to prevent marriage between two consenting adults
If it's the same in Germany as it is here, it's because a hard shoulder is designed for broken vehicles, not to drive on
Common features and differences of world religions
Ahahah, dark, but hilarious :D
It doesn't come up very often, but yes it is still very common, especially because of Austria's  reluctance to recognize the rights of its Slovene minority
He was a writer actualy, he only daveled in art ;-)
> Yes there are a lot of political shenanigans that aren't ethical or right, but England does not "rule" or "control" the other countries in the Union
EU is not going to change if you keep electing the same pro EU politicians.
Ljubljana’s Top 5 Pubs for St Patrick’s Day
I guess i'm obligated to write here...
I know they stole children im from slovenia for fucks sake.
It's like the bitch vs beach thing
How many times do we have to see this?
A lot of commenters said cigarettes but no one said alcohol which is just odd to me
No, definitely not
We have a saying: "Vsaka vas ima svoj glas" - Every town has its own voice (meaning dialect)
Slavic cultures aren’t western
Funny that Ukraine uses No data
And yes, they can be used for the same trains.
Just for some additional information, *Slovenski narod* (The Slovenian people), founded in 1868, was the mouthpiece of Slovenian liberals in Austria-Hungary and interwar Yugoslavia.
It has only snowed once in December where I live
Most notably the entire village and huge area around Kočevska Reka, which I'd highly recommend as it has some of the most pristine and wild forest in Slovenia, and the mountain Krim, which has become a popular hiking destination for many
I have respect for serious hunters (no trophy or canned hunts), and I understand and enjoy target shooting (though I'm into axe throwing at the moment).
To be honest, people are doing the same with the EU and Europe.
Guten Tag
- > where are you
They usually target old people because old people are naive.
How it's made and strength I think
His weapons are lightning, hammer, ax, bat and/or sword.
A sound of falling trees comming from the woods was scary as fuck.
Novo Mesto, yes, partly
Am i the only one who thinks this number is a bit far-fetched ? Like i seriously doubt theres so many pedos just in the UK for there to be 19
The state we are currently in, supposedly as bad as the height of the cold war, is in no way entirely the fault of Putin's Russia
It's exactly halfway between siesta and nirvana.
Fascinating
Od kod si
Only if abortion would pose less risk to the woman and her future motherhood than further pregnancy and birth.
Move the frick out
No, I didn't know that was a thing
Also Italy, Portugal, Ireland, Greece, Sweden, Poland, Czech, Slowak, Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Hungary, Albania, Bosnia, and here I coud go on and on.
In fact, I could see Serbs voting against in case of a referendum.
Slovenia has some ugly cities like Jesenice or Trbovlje, but they're not really to be ashamed of
Parona I
HoI4 - Always Yugoslavia or some LatAm country
Prekmurje was my favourite to date, but Bovec is another fantastic destination
Kotor should be quite a bit cheaper.
You self-sabotaged your economy to avoid paying reparations.
I think it has more to do with firepower today overwhelming any kind of armour, that also goes together with modern tanks giving huge emphasis on survivability and shoot-first capabilities.
Last time I had it was an hour ago, gotta have my daily fix
He managed to express his thoughts and describe environments and situations like no other Slovene author.
Probably also Kdor ne skače ni Slovenc
A politician went to the store and stole a sandwich as a "social experiment" to see if he would get caught or not
Also
One can easily be understood if they only use nominatives and infinitives though
If we do have to go to school right away, I'd put a high chance of other precautions being taken (similar to precautions we had right before schools closed down: hand washing, disinfection & masks)
[False friends between Slavic languages]
Or maybe it could be because the land is not yours.
I think about 3% of Schools in Slovenia choose German over English for the first foreign language these days
Europe + Russia aren't exactly some 3rd world country you can steamroll even now where Europe is pretty much asleep militarily
"Are you having a boy or an abortion
It also made me learn German and made learning English a lot easier!
Makes me cringe to this very day
--> 50/50 Communism vs Home Guard
OC picture moreš dat, če je tvoja, drugače ti bojo zbrisal
like I’m gonna take you away missy cuz you’ve been very very bad
2) Great Britain (colloquial)
Italian is a co-official language in the area where I live, sice an italian minority lives here
Not speaking for Nutella, as I don't think they label their products for specific regions and you can get Polish, French and German Nutella here.
Same in Maribor, but let's face it, we were super fancy compared to your average commie nation.
bread which has to be provided all the time to everyone
Yes
It doesn't get any smaller than this.
I think that Ogri comes from bastardisation of German Ungarn, which is just German for Hungary/Hungarians
That number seems pretty high to me.
Ye i knew that russians are supporting separatists.
However, the italian minority is very active culturally and has many rights and institutions in place
The tricky part is that he fought in the war, so he definitely wasn't Slovenian
Well you are right I guess, makes more sense and explains some things when I look at it like that.
So, this cartoon is like Polandball, except not funny or cute and pushing an agenda in a pretty unoriginal way.
Pust is celebrated on a Sunday and a Thursday.
100 - sto
Problem is overall low voting turnout which enabled him victory
Maybe they cleaned it up
Second largest group were Slovenes with around 20% and the rest were other nations from the Austro-Hungarian empire.
My guess it's because Slovene women are strict when it comes to romance and want to know very precisely whether by "we'll have fun" you mean just her and yourself or also her friend
Sie war ziemlich trottelig und stotterte auch ein wenig
Thats a realy big task if you want to wisit them all.
I thought germknoedel is floating in vanilla sauce, not just butter and sugar
I always say, It matters not where you were born in, but a culture you were raised in.
I see slovenia, i upvote
he is a serb and a nostalgic for yugoslavia , why do you think he is pushing this agenda?
Slovenes really like Bergdoktor but I wouldn't say that is best TV show ever.
Teksas - Texas is referred to a situation that is messy and lawless
It's just his personality coupled with whatever kind of disorder he has.
Y'all aren't used to losing
65 down-votes and counting over my defending Russia being called a "terrorist state" in yesterday's thread about this supposed assassination
Yes, you are right about it
And the price was very cheap
Ok ill change it to we are civilized and dont have strip clubs.
It is just an extra book that is often not very good at all and many teachers almost didn't use it even though we had to buy it as a part of our lessons
So, like English where you sometimes say 'you two' or 'a pair of'
It's the musical equivalent of surströmming.
His oppononents are Three headed Pegam, Vouvel or Ses/Queen of snakes, but also Vedomec who he fights over World's mountain.
Even Israel supported Hamas in it's war against the PLO.
whats with all of the anti-EU comments
I also heard they agreed they will keep working even if showing signs of infection but only with patiens who have confirmed infection
On beaches with more young adults, I'd say the number is up to 5 out of 100, still I'd say half of those just lay on their stomach not really showing anything
It truly was an multinational city which throughout its history had multi-ethnic population.
Trump: "So the other day I read about
I will skin you and cover you in salt
I dont know what human rights have to do here.
"CLOSE THE BLAST DOORS"
Jože Plečnik
\>28 hot
He survived but an outcome wasn't good as you can immagine.
Wonna trigger turks and armenians
Yeah, I hear it often over here
France Prešeren
It's unlikely you'll be able to counteract the latter while capitalizing on the former while in the EU
people who VALUE it are driven to "kill societies for it", its not something the gold does intrinsically on its own
Which is even worse
I don't understand people loving Lidl so much
Please support them
Hey there Croatia
It is quite nice in the summer, I bike there a lot, and as far as getting sun in, they'd be hard to match my region (Zasavje).
In can be very warm one day and very cold the next.
Maybe you mixed it with bulgaria, there are less the 0.5 percent muslim in romania.
If all the lines of "jebem ti mater", "pička ti materina" and "nabijem te na kurac" in comments sections were lines of code instead, Balkan would be an IT superpower xD
You could be both right
I'll take that as a compliment
etc
Almost every nation on earth suffered some kind of oppression.
Still really sad it came to this
There is thousands of dead people lying in our caves, ex mining tunnels, pits etc
Even here we can't get rid of Slovakia
Thats why 90% of the people wanted to leave
In some years there was also a Super-Loto on January 1, with a top prize of 1 million (odds of winning are as in our regular loto: 1 in 15 million)
100 %
I only know of 1 and I am still baffeled why it is there and how it got there but generaly no they are not
Lavazza is trash compared to Goriziana and Trieste
Most of the media here are left-leaning and current PM is on the right, so one should take these allegations with a grain of salt
Currently live in Ljubljana
How have I never heard of this
Ya completely integrated in slovene language bit it is written as "okej"
Of those who do, many are from Spain, and most of those are against Catalan separatisms, as most Spanish people are
There was initially also talk about a potential sell off of a shareholder slice in Luka Koper, but there was no talk about this later on
How do you call a mantis in your country
Life here is perfectly normal and comparable to countries like Austria and Germany.
Well ask or president Pahor [picture]
I'm starting to think this is some sort of a scam.
What are you an engineer with 10 years of experiance in the feeld?
Nope, that's not how people see it here.
So if Hupsburgs died first, Counts of Cilli would get everything Hapsburgs had and would rule the lands.
Lyublyana is how we say it but no one minds foreigners mispronouncing it.
Religious ceremonies hold no legal power, and that includes church weddings.
48% are pro EU with numbers dropping yearly.
Then bilinguism is compulsory in written documents
In Slovenia, we vote for four things:
You have to ask the frenchman, im not all that curent on their politics.
*Central and South-Eastern Europe.
They're not the same person
Particularly if I go looking for some plant or animal that I don't know the English word for, I start with Slovene article, and more times than not I don't even need to click to English version to get the info
Of course he has considered it, it's just that he thinks of it as part of Spain and not a real country.
We had them last time".
The old tradition says that name day has to come AFTER you birthday on the same year.
Nobody except Serbo-Croatian speaking nations can tell a Serb from a croat
People who like raisins and savages who don't.
Draft
Nippy
Is this a meme
We have to pay our national TV bill no matter what way you watch TV.
Yes, you are right about it
Oh, and about the Gotschee Germans
At least most of shops have discounts on things, that are going to go out of date
I once rode in a same compartment with two old Canadians and they were glued to the window.
Tourism is good, but our coast, while O.K.-ish is not the best part
Anything else cant be warped and bent
That certainly isn't it
We threw a towel over it
Wait, I thought we got the idea to serve Wiener Schnitzel with tartar sauce from you guys as a package
Those who betrayed their own nation payed that with their lives, was too broad when describing after WW2 executions on Slovenian soil.
Ja, najboljš, da kr vse prebivalce zemlje posplošiš. Drugje nimajo prometnih nesreč in družinskih tragedij
Most of them were considering suicide to prevent themselves from doing harm to others.
Slovenian and Croatian are both slavic but barely the same, some people have told me that our language sound arabic to them
All the laws are the same for us and we have all the same rights.
Or they just kneel infront of the store begging, some pretend they have no legs.
Would citizenship work the same
We agree that Trst/Trieste is not Italian
I wish my people could be more apathetic about pointless arguments and more distrustful during the elections.
Lasciami indovinare: tu sei del nord?
Texas meant messy, lawless and absolutely not doing what it was supposed to
They will probably throw you out.
But we do not translate the recent ones
China, Abbasid Caliphate, all the enlightened absolutist kingdoms...
Afna = @ or a rude attention seaker
He met his death crashing into a bilingual sign, if I'm not mistaken.
[*Mavželj*] or [*Mežerli*] from Upper Carniola and Carinthia
Yes, I do, very very much
Once per year dentist, once per year hygenist is the norm
Let me stress that I only pointed out that that is not their parking space and they thought threatning someone for this is acceptable
OP came here asking questions, I don't see why he can't leave with more knowledge.
There were also pastures all around and famers would still say that we don't know how a cow looks like which is silly
But if I ever hear a non-native try to speak to me in Slovenian I'll be pleased to listen but until then I can't say if it's annoying or not, I mean to me it would be awesome
Ne pa tudi tako konzervativna, da gledajo, kaj folk dela v spalnicah.
No I don't
siti = city (phonetically)
Shouldnt the militaty police ve handeling this?
We use plenty of Italian loan words
I mean, we couldn't give less of a fuck about you guys
We have 212 1rst order administrative devisions.
I guess I'm kind of used to shaking now as I live next to a quarry and can often feel explosions
We percieve distances differently
this is kind of a ridiculous question.
You probably meant the UK not Britain.
Wood is cheep, reusable as fuel and renewable.
Everything you wrote is pretty much on point, except that I never met those 'arrogant' Ljubljana people everyone on the internet talks about
Yeah we ride with the big boys now, we will prove the world tha Slavs can be rich too.
How do you spell Šta, K-A-J
I don't know what you are but I am of Slovene ethnicity.
Does that division mean you have to decide on your career path after you finish elementary school already?
Of that I have no doubt that we are united
Philips comes to mind for one of the variants with cross tip
And I wouldn't say that WW1 didn't bring any change either.
The guy is a nut job
Taught a Syrian man how to use an automated checkout machine.
A bigger one to sit on and a smaller one to wipe sweat
We have two, one is a specific place called Rovte, it exists and is a village in the middle of nowhere
your whole comment speaks volumes about the flaws of your system.
Government should be filled with people wanting common good but they are not
Most central and east Europe countries have strong clubs, but from what tournaments I've seen, Russians and Poles seem to do exceedingly well
No, but I do have period underwear
Trenutno sn v kontakti z mojo skrito mrežo vohunov po celi Sloveniji in sledim tvojemu IP-ju tak da se pripravi na razfuk, pubec
I think it's the most common form of heating
which even had a concert in
Does that make a significant difference?
Our anthem is not about Slovenia or Slovenes either but about peace, but you know, most other anthems are dedicated to a nation.
We have a surprisingly low per capita ratio of bar brawls conpared to Ireland.
From the way you wrote I assumed you held those views and got a bit triggered
I think it’s just that when I speak Slovene I seem colder and show less emotion
I'm a bit agitated about them always complaining abour cultural appropriation but deep down I understand them.
And usually I'm the one who reverses because people that somehow end up in our area are already afraid of driving forward XD
Lets hope you share their faith.
While the kids can also have their own taste of Kinder Glühwein and feel like an adult
Mostly it was just kids, but I remeber a few occasions when I was still in the kindergarten that some parents stayed to help with the party, particularly if it was a larger one or if parents knew each other anyway
Čehija^ohgod No
I was referring to Slovenia only
It wasn't much better in grammar school for the regular part of the curriculum as we barely touched WW2
Croatia is a member of NATO any you get military aid from the US
Honestly, you Austrians got most of your modern state from the Slovenes
google translate lied yet again
On the other side you have a continent which is historically known for slaughtering each other until the whole continent burns
Don't kill me
like I’m gonna take you away missy cuz you’ve been very very bad
But damn, it was a good school back then, looking at their Instagam profile now, the new principal is killing it
I always thought [this thing] was your official symbol.
You do realize not everybody understands Dutch?
3 stoli
The first time in 18 years I actually got scared by the internet.
All I want for Christmas is a less retarded EU parliament
Slovenian president’s Austrian démarche
I'm not talking about giving passes, I'm talking about trying to prevent these things from happening in the future and focusing on the root of the issue
And even that very short statement is now being undermined by our current extreme far right PM
Familiarity with a culture doesn't mean the same culture
Well I think you're probably right.
From anthem Zdravljica (the Toast) - France Prešern
Also first aid classes and an exam.
That was a few decades ago, however
They should be pulling us up
Gobustan Rock Art Cultural Landscape
Oh and a cherry on top: a lot of doctors actually have a private side business that they do after work at the public hospitals
The systems are not compatable, and i don't want NSA legaly spying on me.
They listened to rock music, wore "cool" clothes and read comics.
We also make a lot of jokes about ourselves too.
Can confirm
Sardinia has the best beaches in Europe, imo.
2 generations means 70 years ago when countries were relatively homogenous.
I’ve studied in Ljubljana and very often went home from a party between 3-5pm
Sometimes people will steal speed limit signs for this purpose and give it to the person celebrating as a gift.
Show me when have I advocated conspiracies.
Edit: Alenka Bratušek’s PPL MUST TRUST US deserves a honorary mention
Quail eggs are quite popular though
Prokleto
At least they're cute, petrol is cheap, you don't noise polute this stunning country and you can keep that Chinese infested Trieste.
Even more WTF: Irelands +26% growth in 2015.
Smidi plays & tristano
Well, we have become kind of a cycling superpower in recent years with Primož Roglič and Tadej Pogačar
I won't even start talking about differences between Primorska and Koroška or Prekmurska
Deep fried "mozzarella" sticks are not really Italian food
Hard to decide, the entire country is The most charming country on the planet.
Oh ,USA annexed iraq, Libiya, Afghanistan and Syria.
Right
**zdravje** (health) - in Slovene and other Slavic languages the same meaning, often used to cheers by saying “na zdravje” meaning “to the health
Oh got I never got that
Yes, of course
Also, if you travel outside of Europe at all, you'll know that once you're coming back from Asia, landing in London, Athens, Lisbon, Warsaw, Frankfurt or Vienna all feels like coming home
What was your country's most "interesting" referendum?
I was surprised to see top chefs serving polenta
I also know a few people from Egypt, but I feel the country much less familliar, If I think beyond my childhood infatuation with ancient Egyptian monuments
Mediterranean from one side, Alps from the other.
Plenty of connotation there, so if by some weird coincidence you're ever around a really old Slovenian person and the topic comes up, you may wanna skip saying that one
I never knew Finland had those problems (German - finish children unrecognised)
That makes no sense, both East and West Europeans are white.
I have croatian friends , they are great.
So we have Americans messing up "their/they're/there" and "could/would/should of". What's the most common British grammar mistakes
26th is  Independence and Unity Day so also a work free day
Travel advice by French foreign ministry
Well that's clearly a wrong interpretation of the situation in the Balkans and I don't see why I can't educate the ignorant when I can.
I spent some time in Belgium and I'm continually impressed how a government can be this complicated and still work
We invade Saudia Arabia and use their oil well to fund it.
Meaning it's ugly and/or bad quality.
The photos were all over the internet
After a short google research, there's more to Carinthian dialects than Kohoški Slovenci.
Just don't be surprised when you have trouble communicating with people.
The differences between European countries are negligible
= Henrik VIII
Never call a Slovene (or pretty much anyone whose national first language isn't Russian) Eastern European
The thing is you are as slavic as serbs are.
I don't know how I've missed that.
We only ever fight with Croatians, who also happen to be our only neighbor we never were at war with throughout history
Y'all should've joined us
Seriously, great food, great culture, great language
it feels like its trying to become a federal government a la usa and turn countries into memberstates.
But that name doesn't suit him.
As an outsider I like him a lot more than I like trump or boris johnson or kim jong un
Happy Cake Day
"volkovi" (for when you know there's more than two, but cannot provide a specific number)
Hirscher is a passe
Well, after WW2 our government decided to kill anyone that might had something to do with the faschists
Most people also don't differentiate between someone from NI, Scotland, Wales, or England and just call everything together "England" and everyone "English". I seem to recall the other 3 "countries" not being huge fans of that
Flies, because it's most logic
We did build our neutrality after WW2
I don't think many countries have religious classes
Adds should be only in stores and pamflets.
Most expensive meal is 4,37€. With that you usually get a soup, main course, salad and fruit
I don't know how serious it is though.
Herman Potočnik was also one of the first people to design a theoretical space station
Registered partnership and marriage are pretty much the same.
For a moment I thought I stumbled into a "What are some critical things Czechs should know before travelling to your country" thread.
Meh, he has nothing on Steve Ballmer.
I found they would like to introduce it as an elective subject in schools.
The autrians were pretty meticilous.
Now that springtime is comming I have to get used to smelling cow shit again.
They requested a humanitarian visa so they can legally travel to Belgium to ask for asylum here.
DO NOT put Ireland in the same bracket as the UK
That's all true
I just think every district speaks differently.
Yes, but these are private businesses we're talking about.
I'm just saying most older people feel it was better than now
Greek
I'd put eastern side as transitional region, there's no way it's on same level as freaking entire Bulgaria
On the west is more likely high-tech, service-based and export oriented
Nonthe bak decides on their own weather or not to give you a loan.
I'm no expert though, maybe there's something more informed than me.
I already told you what the case is.
It's not a rarity, but it's very expensive for a lunch (it can easily reach 10€), so people prefer to go elsewhere.
On the other hand, baby cereal is very popular, even with adults.
I live just North of Ljubljana and the temperature never exceeded 17°C yesterday
Big shoutout to all the brave Polish people saving lives of Brits lately
So many of them decide to just fuck it and go back the way they came
David Attenborough on Planet Earth II, Brexit
I love the squished Transnistria
Aha
Ohh beautiful Balkans
They taste divine if done right and awful if done wrong.
Probably New Zealand, but perhaps also Australia, Canada or Chile.
We're thankful for your generous contribution to our road budget too ;)
We're here for your fucking freedom!
Tradition is culture
Slovenia: can in EP elections, but not in elections for Slovenian parliament.
-Hell no
And when they are needed they get called in, without the need for "irregular conditions" or marshal law being declared.
Probably Turkey because of Turkish raids
I always found it funny when Tarik Filipović tried speaking Slovene on Potjera
Some independance it is, when you cant make your own laws, decide on any fiscal policies without the yanks approvals.
Also, I distinctly recall seeing that in some (wannabe
Is possibly an art installation
But I'm sure that some of the dots on this map represent cities that are also small or were not actually founded by the Romans
Take my hand
If everybody at once would stop hiking
The Court is the highest instance court, meaning that it is the highest court you can appeal to after your case was decided at the district court (first instance) and then the higher court (second instance)
Depends on the region of course and altitude, but in general winters are very mild last 10 years or so
The 'special word' you talk about is actually not the verb 'to be' in aorist, but in a remnant form of the optative (long disappeared).
;) *rigati* in Slovenian is *bekać*
But censoring will not be used againsb "evil" but against us.
As /u/liliputput said in another comment:
Žganje is official word but like you said šnops/šnopc is colloquial or even more precisely you call the liquor by the name it's made which what you said
With Austria and Italy we have generally friendly relations, deapite some issues here and there mostly regarding our minorities
Oz, Ricky Lake, Jerry Springer, stuff like that.
Zahvaljujemo se ti
No, you sit down here and they come and take your order
I have NEVER said i wouldn't pick them up
I started learning it at when I was about 6, I' m 15 currently
I'm only aware of Russia having a different one than everyone else
How could you get it back if you never had it to begin with
If anything, this sub should be encouraging non-English content, this is the essence of Europe, even if it is an English-speaking sub.
It is found in a few other countries but I think this is the prime location.
There's a part of the museum called 'city under a city' where you can walk on a [Roman road] [Another shot] of the city, this time of a train station (in front) and Celjski dom (on the right).
By the time I was 14 the 3 languages seemed totally natural to me.
Lauria I
If I try to literally translate from English to Slovenian:
I don't know, Brno is the second town when I think about Czechia, right after Češke Budjevice
This is a *požiralnik*. It's what's at the bottom of the lake on the first photo
Like straight couples could get married anywhere (hotel venues, parks, castles) with an official present while gay couples could only get "same-sex registered" at small dingy local administration offices
But Croatia
It's kind of 'meh'. Nationally I'd only consider Eurospin worse
But it didnt happen in europe :P
First of all, I think you can't put Bosnia in there because I doubt there wasuxh profit from us, considering that Serbia was much better equipped than us
That would be a good idea for an EU regulation - absolute prohibition of opening new coal plants to be extended to any sort of fossil fuel plants by 2045
Those are mostly just going by male ancestor, though.
Most waters have 0,03 - 0,05 F/liter.
Source: studying the early middle ages, slavic migration and shit like that
The point is, there definitely is no Slovene (and most probably other countries) "gangs" stealing around Germany or wherever he's from.
Bloody Sunday, that is called in Austria, was never thought here in school happened 2 months after liberation/occupation of Maribor when "angry mob" supposed of 10
Looking at text messages: Where are all the vowels
I don't think we have that here
With its resources, Iran could sink a carrier already
But it's too cold to swim, even in summer
Alright, I see how it is
Agamar sounda dope
This is a very straightforward legal thing, not something "grounded in fantasy" and "essentially meaningless".
Funny thing is, I was 13 that year as well
If you have it with one language, you have it with all.
You might be a tad oversensitive.
[Čufti] with mashed potatoes or [Spinach] with mashed potatoes and sunny side up egg.
The original name was the Kingdom of Slovenes, Croats, and Serbs
Abortion can be performed til week 10, which is pretty low and I'm surprised it's that low.
I'd say we are neatly divided into two halves over this issue
I used decimal commas, points are for thousands
It was a joke about Czechs and hiking.
The only frozen pizza I have found that tastes barable is Interspar's American style I think four cheese pizza.
You do ze noon speaks german right.
TIL Jacuzzi is a brand
You forgot -šek
So to answer your question it's very normal to hang out with a different sex
I don't think they use the word fascist as a pejorative on /pol/.
My town doesn't have much
We already have a Disney princess
Showed this to my classmate from Mezzina.
Gives incentive to learn I guess
Spring 2014 was really warm and nice, but summer was non-stop rain.
We're average
After putting a withdraw order with my fund, I can have cash in 4 days max.
We've goot another one on our hands r/Slovenia
I don't think it's most
At least in my part of the country.
In one video I have watched Putin has been very confident regarding his export of national resources required for heating.
It's more of a teenage slang thing
Also failing to do that succesfully, so we're drinking a lot to compensate
If Assad wins: repression or worse for the rebels and their supporters
Well, who doesn't want to get a girl that they fancy wet
Teramo I
I love Sango Sands in Scotland
The best trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he doesn't exist
At least we have the cars, right
It's hard to buy an European car without at least some parts developed / produced here.
Sory man, but the world hates you guys.
Abandoned guard houses
European Union's friendship with Japan
Zasavska
Filipinos are far from conservative.
In one of those factories someone committed suicide and it was a story of the week along my classmates
We call them češplovi kneldi (meaning plum dumplings)
As it's still "the" conservative party, the Slovene Democratic Party is very popular, coming in second place in most polls and elections.
Slovene (Upper Carniolan and colloquial Slovene).
but the dinarske alps are not touching the Alps they end way more south
We had simmilar "cleaning" as USSR under stalin, yugoslavia was hiding all the time, despite local people knowing about the graves
But while his popularity in the past can be explained with him actually living up to his promises of a wealthier, stable Russia, his continuing (and even rising) popularity as Russia stagnates is more mysterious.
One could say that but they would also be wrong for several reasons
When you have two of something, it's not considered plural quite yet, it's dual.
Just of some of my fellow citizens.
It's just a map of average wages, it's not claiming to be a map of standard of living.
But right now if I had the chance to move to another apartment where I wouldn't have roma for my neighbours I would also do that
What about the other lines in the poem
Would make a great city race circuit :D
Moravske Toplice (Moravian Spa), is a village that is nowhere near Moravia
Spanish
The question of Russia's genetic background (I'm mostly thinking about Northern Russia's Ugro-Finnic genetic footprint) is another matter.
This is why we need nazi mods in the relevant subreddit.
So some dialects have more Italian words, others have more German words
Yes, but goverment managed to change RTV management, things might change in the future
Before the crisis it was mainly the construction sector that was booming, which eventually crashed and with it it also crashed the banks that loaned the money for it.
But that doesn't make my words any less true
But only one of them is with lepinja, as God intended.
They are of the Kavkasian race.
[Primorska narečja (Slovene Littoral dialects)] [Štajerska narečja (Lower Styria dialects] and [Dolenjska narečja (Lower Carniola dialects] are out so far.
while its more insular and cultish than other religions, when you get down to what they actually believe its the exact same.
Is it rude to ask how old are you
The BUK used to shot down that plane has been decomisioned in Russia for w good part of 2 decades since Russia upgraded its military to a new model.
What could go wrong this time...
Germany
Now, you see, that's something I'm opposed to.
This made me laugh so hard
I think I have been to most major tourist spots in Slovenia, but Bled island maybe doesn't count since I swum there in the summer and didn't want to linger
I don't know a single stay at home mom.
Living in Slovenia I remember crossing into Austria or Italy and border controls there on both sides
That is my small connection to home alone fame
* informal 'ti'
It wasn't much better in grammar school for the regular part of the curriculum as we barely touched WW2
In democracies there are way more subtleties than in dictatorships
From what I hear from a bunch of black Portuguese I trust, they're quite adamant that Portugal is racist AF towards people from former African colonies at the very least
Yes, outdated or very dialectal now.
Meh, we don't have this kind of division here.
It's a pity you guys aren't more into Auferstanden aus Ruinen
I have nothing against strategic state owned companies.
People in MB are way more arrogant, especially when it comes to football, but at the same time they're nice
I agree
Tsar was in Russia I am from Slovenia
My current language ambition is to not have issues with people from China speaking or writing English
Its funny cuz its true
Excuse me, our river has FOUR syllables
If I didn't dry towels in a dryer it would feel like wiping my body dry with sand paper.
Like aforementioned first anti-fascist movement outside Italy, or the fact our language is the first Slavic language to be written in karolingian minuscule (I know very specific)
Coughs in Spanish
Ahh, spaz is a spazette, gotcha.
The PM is insulting the protesters, trying to minimise their numbers and so on
This was a meeting with the officials of UAE/Dubai not some tourists walking about.
nah, you stay and vote the fuckers out
It's Illy and not even close
We know that thanks to snowdan.
Who wants to be in their shoes all day
Because there is actualy no coruption.
Was too tactful to point out their utterances were in Slovak ...
Congo and Armenian genocide is horrible but they are not compatible.
Tell us your secrets
Slovenian is a unique miq of eichent moravo-slav and estern-south-slav languages.
There's much more on the line than just gun laws.
I know, but I don't remember in which grade religions are covered
Compromise - send her to Canada
I looked it up in the [dictionary] and well, they could have used a better example
Here we also learn about equality at home, accidents that can happen at home, hygene, ecology, money, clothes, shopping and of course about cooking and cleaning
Same as Schuschnigg, the last chancellor of Austria before the Anschluss.
2 teenage girls are talking in Croatian behind us "What language are they speaking
If you are downwind from it, you will definitely smell it before you can see or hear it
Just because Ljubljana is the capital does not mean that it automatically becomes the centre for everything
I myself for example am pro-Eu, but on this subreddit there isn't a single guy against it.
I'm choosing [this beauty] for the Slovene Army.
My opinion of sweden is almost entirely based on rural Jamtland though.
Italian is an official language in the western part of the country so some schools have it as mother tongue and some as 1st or 2nd foreign language.
Interesting, didn't know that
Fuck ć, all my Slovene homies hate ć
Why do these people keep dreming up redicilous plans?
This isn't a bridge, it's just a road that goes along the side of a hill.
Well, he said that Serbia will not allow (which could be understood as a threat of war) an *armed attack* on Serbs in Kosovo and Metohija.
I love the language
Only solution i see is that you close your country and become self sufficient.
Well, the transition was not that hard.
But in rural districts, picture that silence when a suspicious character enters a bar in a movie
I'm assuming since it barely opened it's packed with people
"Shit's fucked yo" -the dude on the left, probably
Entire January without snow
I doubt it's cheaper relative to average salary.
No, they can't, this is highway, there are fences, they would be able to come to a highway only on exits
Please refrain from commenting on my comments with usless answers.
Ok can I choose socialists then.
The rest don't know the difference between us and Slovakia.
She's just staying out of his personal bubble, it's completely normal.
Pasta
Yep, I'm using internet all the time and most sites are in English
If your symptoms are bad enough that you would see a doctor without the pandemic, they are bad enough to see your doctor now
After ww2 the partisans slaughtered people they suspected were german collaborators (My grandfather was one
They also put [this] [example 2] kind of creepy shit on their driveway.
Those two (and some other areas) formed Yugoslavia
Nobody would care if Slovenia was gone
I think I seem much friendlier and more outgoing
Small (2 hour drive from the Alps to the seaside), one of the safest countries, solid standard of living, solid education and health systems
The big problem for pound now is Brexit, it's still ongoing process and many things can happen that could have negative effect.
you mind giving some snow to Slovenia  i’m sick of 10* + weather
Motor-vehicle facilitated suicide is quite common over here.
Well um, kind of difficult not to.
Northen Ireland is a country just like Scotland, England.
Oria I
Mostly because neither side planed to see it frew and also cuz one side was inherintly inferior and stupid and atacked the other.
I live in central europe, my roots run all over though.
Pretty common I would say
No offence, but that is not really good argument
Yet another Slovenia joke for Croatian jokesters.
All I wanted to point out was that it wasn't a one way street
Not really
Sicer sem bral, da bo hrvaški delež odkupljen s strani francozov ter, da so se dogovorili za skladiščenje radioloških odpadkov v Krškem in sicer do datuma prenehanja obratovanja elektrarne ( mislim, da 2043 )
While you could leave books at school most people didn't since you usually needed them for homework or studying
Because if you won't then someone else will
strange, the only time i saw a flag at my school was on independece day or something.
Well you would run in small villages here and there, but generally there is quite some wilderness here
Lots and lots of respect for this man, may he rest in peace
The incursions were probably engouraged by comand, since they stopped after this incident.
When I was a kid my dentist thought I was alergic amalgam dental fillings so I got white ones for free :p
Too little competition in the market of telecommunication services
Depends, if it is after a long period of draught in summer it is very nice to see some rain fall and enjoy the outside afterwards
there was and still is a civil war in Libiya and Syria.
Why the fuck are we having so many earthquakes now, as if dealing with this shit ass virus isnt enough, 2020 stop pls
Considering I'm Slovenian
I speak some form of the Upper Carniolan dialect; I wrote some form because linguists say we all speak a single dialect here in Upper Carniola but there are clear differences.
The only things that worry me are larger EU-scale problems that could affect us, like migration and terrorism.
Istria is inherently Slovenian.
I dislike Slovenian translations for that very reason- they change names and even movie titles way too much
The other day I've been listening something "it's preposterous that the United States, one of the biggest, no, the only viable superpower in the world falls victim to a fascist...."
But on intercity buses, you'll usually say something to the driver when leaving.
I saw Hershey's chocolate in some supermarkets.
Because that "joy" bring misery to so many others
UK Parliament seems to be like a sitcom at this point
Well Transylvania with the castles and forests is seen as a nice travel destination
Pa še kak je res
Yep, I spent a lot of time in Jamtland and I usually land in Trondheim.
Ethnicety in europe means your national background, yozr roots, not your race
This is what I remember from high school history, looks like we were taught wrong
I don't recall us having random busts of Marx and Lenin all over the place
Pol pa že.
I don't think we should loose our national identities because it enriches Europe
Overall if you look on beaches there is probably something like 10% average on a given time
I buy monthly value points for a fixed sum (split 50:50) of the Amundi Index equity Euro and Amundi Index equity North America fund.
There are only 3 Uralic languages on this here continent, baltic-finish, sami and Hungarian
First in Ali G he as Ali G proposes a policy to only allow fit women refugees into UK, and sends a ugly looking chick "back to Slovenia".
They will not Belarus is a safe country.
Texas meant messy, lawless and absolutely not doing what it was supposed to
Well a lot of people from the village I live in actually descend from the help
But we still love him, its just jokes
Eurospin, ohgodwhy), but am not mad at their produce nor baked goods
Yeah man i wish it was 4m of snow here
Ask the big guys, they're the destination.
I'm actually against conscription (in our current circumstances) but I agree with the part of /u/Alas7er's post I've quoted in the sense that *if* there was a conscription, its aim should be to teach people military skills (to make them more useful in case of a large scale future war), and not to get them to "experience a military life".
I'll watch it, perhaps it will give me more desire to read the book.
🇸🇮 President accidentally creates new meme
In Slovenia, 'Culture day' also celebrates a poet: France Prešeren
So, Duden is a reasonably big thing in Germany when it comes to language
Also German, because it's taught in some high schools
However, I *have* thrown together a rudimentary [comparison of % of 'No' votes and number of books read per person in region in Turkey] and I see no significant correlation to confirm this hurr-durr-stupid-people-are-stupid circlejerk going on is at all justified
We are [chicken shaped]
Turks, gypsies and other animals.
Promaja, the first, second and third cause of death in the Balkans
They switched to USB-C a while ago
We have 2 types of milk, sterilized under high temperature which is good for months and can be stored at room temperature or fresh which last 2-3 days and has to be stored in fridge or it will get soured
I did play the computer games a lot and I would never consider imperial guard as even close to favourite.
Now I know this will sound like a weird idea to you, but maybe you could just not set any building on fire?
As for boars I have not heard of somebody dying from an attack but I know few people who have been attacked and they barley escaped
You should start in Slovenia and see Slovenia, then travel up to berlin
Probably Paris or Amsterdam
I met the grandmother of a swedish friend named Ragnhild.
Really
Boris Johnson criticised for promoting book on official Serbia visit |
I thought they were actually mixed.
Ampak tudi če vzameš te podatke in malo posredno sklepaš: regije ki so bolj urbanizirane (recimo lj, maribor, celje, novo mesto) v vseh kategorijah izstopajo navzgor v primerjavi z redko poseljenimi up
Who is dumb enough to think Italy is a third world country
Honestly summers in slovenian countryside wouldn't be the same without lost czech tourists driving around in the middle of nowhere
You didn't even know what Bird's Eye is
Of course this would not fly with the general public
I have always tried to figure out why americans do that
I was just kidding :p I don't even know how many we have.
The question is if he's getting paid to take integration courses or is he on welfare that is conditioned on taking the integration course.
It literally drains out, like a bathtub
My current language ambition is to not have issues with people from China speaking or writing English
- > Kod si
"THIS IS IMPOSSIBLE"
You can just use someone elses now can't you?
Not that there's much happening there, just fancy main square and a little park behind the town.
Google Goli otok prison camp and you'll see the harshness.
These days we have no more conscription so you either join a shooting club or a hunting family for shooting experience.
Will we get the results of the survey?
Both times we spent so much time on Ancient History, the Middle Ages and the early modern period that we had run out of time by the time we reached the 20th century
How so
It's because at the slightest hint of disagreement they start threatening violence
Is that some kind of a proverb
Not everybody gets that distinction though, like the terrorists who attacked their office
it also helps that it's taken from a song by a very culturally significant author, it isn't just any assembly of lyrics.
And the same goes for e.g. foods - Western Slovenia lives on pasta and olive oil
Unless you know someone, you don't stand close to them, yes
A lot of them were Nazi supporters, but many were dragged in all of this
So true, when i tried to copy my book assignments (domače branje, če se slučajno spomniš tega haha) i tried to use an english source and translate it with a translator and it would sound so bad i gave up and wrote it myself
We don't have any 'conservative attitudes' towards contraception and this map shows our abortion rate is pretty damn high.
I've been wanting to go for years but I'm afraid it's too unstable right now.
So if you wanted to go to Trieste, you'd take the Trieste road (Tržaška cesta).
Not just any park but a park in Shinjuku.
Edit: It's fly instead of flea like my colleague said down below my bad
Razfuko te bom z tako natančnostjo da je še svet ni vijo, zapomni si to
They come asking shit like this for which they know is not a thing anywhere outside their country.
Never heard of white cars being cheaper.
He has way less than 20% supporters but they are die hard voters
Stop cutting onions, guys
In - > an - > and
In Ljubljana paychecks are higher, but everything is a lot more expensive there (rents are crazy)
Came here to look for Jadranka
Chetniks (name originates from before WWII as member of the četa - regular army company unit of the kingdom)- They flighted firstly for the king against Nazis, after they saw what Nazis done to retaliate (like burning village, shooting villagers) they called ceasefire with them at least until partisans would be destroyed
Its not right, bit if everybody is doing it they cant realy judge can they.
Maybe "junior colonialist partner" in the partnership with Austria would've been a better term to use
I've been to the one "proper" island in Slovenia several times and I've also been to a few others (Britain, Krk, Venice).
Literally
The generations who were raised in Yugoslavia learned Serbo-Croatian in school.
hoooooooo shreded turnip, mashed potatoes and blood sausages <3 winter is comming!!!
if it's democratically chosen even more so
What's the point of having two names , when usually people with 2 names only use 1
It was clear from the context that she did not know its purpose
I don't live near the border and my region is pretty poor, but I had free options to choose additional languages (French, Spanish or Italian) along with English and German that we already had in the curriculum.
The history books already speak about the crimes of the NKVD and list their higher ups.
The first rock concert in North Korea
Well since Christmas is at the height of summer in Australia, a white one is very unlikely
And even if the ruling governments do not do it, they will be replaced by right-wing parties when the elections come.
I traveled from Miami to New York in 2003 and it could be I just came across the single most crabby person in Miami.
My case: We have the Euro, not really a weak currency.
I'd say though that overall we have more solidarity than US does
Something not so historical, but current: we rank 2nd for the amount of suicides (in Europe)
A signal is a signal is a signal.
Hungarian or Finnish language
I don't know why others would suddendly become afraid to spy for the US it's not like they will publicly say who is a spy for no reason.
That's why I'm mad, because the project is slowly falling apart
Austrians lock their children in basements
Both viewpoints are wrong
The industry
Or *Zdravo* if I suspect the person I'm greeting supports Olimpija.
Funnily enough I was going to write "aquaduct" at first but checked the spelling because I wasn't sure
I think Srebrenik was actually built by Hungarians.
I am not really keen on seeing what goes into the Leberkäse, but it is delicious still.
you couldn't do that in any real orderly manner.
Whell the last time we had a bar brawl we still had an emperor.
He's pro anything that seems to be currently in vogue with the right because he isn't actually a true right-ish person
Boohoo you're a police officer in the UK, you think you're any better than the rest?
Last week I went hiking
In Elementary school it sometimes had to be handmade gifts or 2nd hand things.
Bee families are dying off throughout Europe.
Awsome, lets travel to Bejing :D Who wants to come with me?
We were part of Austria-Hungary and mostly just fought the Italians
> The country isn't one person with one belief
And schengen countries have a duty to protect other countries.
Or does it mean something else?
The town Vodice (meaning waters) is not near any body of water
I barely interact with neighbours, dont drink alchohol and havent commited suicide so far
Or Piran in Fiesa or Strunjan
We can see how sharing a border with Austria and being under their rule helped us in the long term, we were never that much behind Western countries, while those under Soviet/Ottoman rule didn't enjoy the same benefits.
There is 0 adnavtage to a autimatic.
What's your word for a farmer there?
Just standing up when teacher enters, say good morning and then sit down.
While we went there to get some diapers and a better Hi-Fi system, than one you could get here
Yeah sure Mr troll
What do you then call the encompassing group?
As a Slovenian
I've heard about that one, it's always hilarious to hear xD
Those social conservatives were crafty
We can also instead say "gremo naprej", which mean we go on
That wasnt anyone's fault, just the reality of being an immigrant
How many liters in a cubic decimeter?
Cappuccino would be nice
I spend part of my summer on Croatian coast
The next question is almost always "And when did you move here
From my experience you have to be naked and use two towels
They didn't even bother to declare war.
We have very different definitions of what it means to rule and control, apparently
had more workers then, than their store 100x the size today
Gloomy autumn day in Ljubljana, Slovenia
Yeah, a bit like the Gordian knot
But it would be nice if we would have more of them and in other cities as well
Germans who lived in the slovenian part of Styria and Carinthia (I think also Germans from the southern part of austrian Carinthia) also use(d) some bastardized Slovenian words
One of these reasonable expectations is that they make rational decisions when the stakes are high.
Only one year though
uhhhhhhh, what
You won't just sit and hope he/she will return later in the day.
Patrick's on the one weekly day I observe lent?
Whatever works for you buddy ...
I mean a rendition of the Alps?
The biggest problem are truck drivers and people towing caravans and boats
These facts and the terrible and corrupt governance is what causes populism to rise and extremism to thrive
He's actually a leftie by heart, but the left was so stacked in Slovenia that they renamed the party from *Socialdemocrat party* to *Slovenian democrat party* (shorthand SDS in both cases)
It means 'Black Mountain' in all languages, to be frank.
We want to feel superior and hate so badly that we'll take everything down
But a džezva is a very specific coffee pot, for making a very specific form of coffee
These questions are getting more and more ridiculous.
Hehe ;) Ma ne ni to fora pac da folk mal vidi kaksna je Slovenija k eni misljo da smo kot kaksna Ukrajina
Is the Rome trety coming to an end?
Austria during the Habsburg years for developing our country, which is still seen in our everyday life
German hegemony ower Eu is fake Russian news
Austria over Switzerland every day of the week
Just out of curiosity, have you ever lived outside the Isle of Man?
I have never seen them before
▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒█▒▒█▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒
Can you please tell us Balkaneros how did you manage to stop hating each other after all those wars?
You guys really do have a great relationship with dogs and they are super friendly
If you are not home they re-deliver on another date or take it to the collection office (like a gas station)
It's just that not all languages use the same sounds.
It's considered somewhat shameful for all parties involved.
The Kajkavian dialect of Croatian is very close to our Styrian or Prekmurje dialect because these dialects are spoken next to each other.
I always think 'how sad' when I hear her name and wonder if it's a common name in Norway and if she was made fun of.
Sometimes when I drive around the country, I really wonder where people in some more remote regions work
That's right, there are no such influences in our official language as far as I know
Aparently its enouth for egipt to love us now.
It is basically our version of Fox news, spreading a very biased, far-right, nationalist and conservative sentiment
Hospitals will only treat the symptoms while the virus runs its course
We have been wanting independency for a long time but only in 1991 did we actually achieve it
stuff like that
Ne, to pa ne :p a oni ne uporabljajo bučnega olja?
A comparison between the UK and the US would be nice
Yes, ice exists in Europe and we use it.
Same in neigbouring Slovenia at the moment...
That really depends on the person
And IIRC, Westminster recently tried to pass a bill that would remove some of those devolved powers from the parliaments back to itself
Hey our police just bought two rubber patrol boats
Serbia has not had it easy
"Gimnazija" in Slovenian in case that helps you
Dothraki with fire swords
Believe it or not, he could have ended the war before his second term was up, but he would have lost the position if he would
We have both 'home economics' and 'handicrafts' in elementary
No, that's a brand
Some formations they are prepared to construct is just baffling, while I have trouble dumbing my writing down to the level I'm reasonably sure they will understand
But surely we have proof beyond a reasonable doubt that Russia did it, right?
But Spain and Portugal are only 2 out of 50 countries in Europe.
De gustibus non est disputandum
Did Lukashenko grow a pair of balls overnight?
I had to google grammar and comprehensive school differences.
Because people with a high EQ don't seek power...
I prefer Proizd by Vela Luka on Korčula though.
Carnivore people also have to supplement B12 a lot of times.
Honestly I don't know what's happening.
We con't want a tade deal wouth Canada.
- Mountain without Prometheus: Prison, crime novel
It's definitely more common to take a dog to the mall in Austria than it is here.
Was this a failed attempt by Russian-contracted Ukrainian veterans to murder a Russian journalist
Exactly
They butchered our beautiful city
Ne morem verjet da ni spet Bled že 24794tič.
I'd like to add that at the start of the war in Galicia, many Slovenes deserted to the Russian side.
So far so good right
Like it's some sort of a teen thing.
It's the day when must turns into wine.
So the vast majority of times (first 3 groups), the usage is perfectly fine, unless the (semi)black person in question is offendable like an Afro-American
It may not seem bad to you but to us it was horrendous
I thought that's what pigs are for?
The Eu is very much a right-left issue.
But for the time being i will not visit Ukrain, I wish not to give the Kiev regime any funds.
Ima go with "[The Skyscraper]"
We still joke about it with friends but people don't seem to actually care about it.
Girls only care about their appearance and being popular
How is life in Greenland
It did happen I hated everybody, so I put in an invalid sheet (I did the possibly pettiest thing in the world and drew a penis on it)
Oooh, I can see where the confusion comes from, but I went to high-school in Celje and am a purebred Styrian.
Friends said that they felt it and woke up
Below 0 is coat cold
Mostly yes with nostalgia but there is still huge part that considers him as a villain, it is more on a family division in WWII
It's a shame that a deforestation is happening.
Your grandmother's version sounds tasty
The [entry for England] says under meanings:
What does NATO have to do with *indigenous products*?
Haha, Slovenia represent
Ščurek
We didn't vote for this asshole
Dude: *leans on counter* "What's up, do you fuck
Yes, a pretty uneventful one: I was reading a news article yesterday where it was mentioned that someone was fined such and such amount; and somebody observed in the comments the ridiculousness of it all.
East of Italy, Germany and Switzerland are not by any definition in Eastern Europe!
QWERTZ with Š, Đ, Č, Ć and Ž on the sides
I'm pretty sure only Spanish speaking world (and maybe France) see it as one continent
fight for more equality by making member states do what you want them by force instead of giving them...an...equal....voice
Oh was [that] by Tetra Pak as well?
I woke up all of a sudden, didn't know why
Croats fought the whole damn war with needles in their arms, that's why they won, those softies Serbs were only drunk all the time.
Which would translate sort of to
Polish granola and müsli is good.
SMC (historically PS and LDS): People who don't really care about politics, just want country to work, and Janša (president of SDS) to not win.
Then we should bill the Serbian government for all expenses they cost us
JEah, gun law in Slovenia is conplicated to sy the least.
>Despite the mental gymnastics some of these maps do to not call some countries eastern, I've never been ashamed to call myself an eastern European
So sad
Predjama castle, Postojna, Slovenia
Can you provide some source or something where the official stance of Japanese government is declared?
Imagine it this way - You have 100
Thats why we all have two dicks and we all collect our cum in a box.
Lol , the delusion is strong with this one.
Do we get to keep Trieste this time
Mans of them are not even from war ravaged countries...
They could develop some quality trourism there + it's not far from Berlin and Hamburg
If you ever take a look at their English textbooks and workbooks, you'll know why so little of them speak English.
I have only heard Švabi used for Germans
However some are just too close to neighbouring languages for me to process, or the pronounciation too far off the one I'm used to
Seriously this means so much to the locals, go Poland
At least that's how it was in my school.
The main problem for general audience is, that the world cup will interfere with the wintersports broadcasts - which are, at least in my country, very popular
In 2 homes, groups are completely autonomus and live in seperate houses, not in the same building.
That's not true at all or there would be few people outside Lj and Mb
Thus most of the electric trains that were planned to be used on the route couldn't stop at those stations
May I sugest a good way to do it?
r/europe is pretty liberal (read disgusting) there is no lest wing as in socialist/soc-dem/communist that would talk about Europe
RIP Dolenjska
I'd just use this opportunity to say that the town still isn't completely repaired and that its area is among the very poorest in Croatia.
Because a huge entity has its issues
The official cause of death is that he died of disease, but some people speculate he was murdered by some government officials because he said some weird things about slovenian nation and some higher ups didn't like it and got rid of him
What the plan to retake our land ever a secret?
I would sugest a tour (if you want to start in amsterdam):
Generally we’re the closest to Czechs, Slovaks, Hungarians and Northern Croatians
A Europe-wide ban seems a bit peculiar to me.
Did his parents know and what was their role in this
It's a shame, because Norilsk is a pretty interesting city, and there's a bunch of really interesting articles out there that look past the clickbait-y garbage, and talk about how the city population crashed in post-Soviet towns, why it's growing again, and how people there actually live
️ Asteroid
but the language is a nightmare and culture seems even much more different than elsewhere (in my eyes, anyway).
No way to know for sure unless the make and model of bus are identified, though pneumatic doors are (apparently, I don't actually work with buses) more common because all buses already have an air compressor built in to power the air brakes.
Well than perhaps border with Poland is not regulated.
Considering how much free money they get from Denmark.
Terrorist attacks claim hundreds of lives and some of the most vile acts are perpetrated on new year's eve, of all the times.
I find the baguette, wine and stripped shirt stereotype kinda funny in a satirical way, but that cheese-eating surrender monkeys stereotype is insanely stupid and makes anyone spewing it look like a bloody idiot
Ne fucking export our bears to Spain and France
Though that [Pehta] is a lot less scary, but still scary.
I wholeheartedly agree and I'd also like to add that neoliberalism and austerity measures (trickle-down economics, anyone
Story time
Those people are as close to my political leanings as are communists.
Both countries are "my" and i consider myself Yugoslavian.
Those brave american soliders putting their lifes on the line, while we sneaky europeans just fuck there wifes...
I'd be surprised if more than 35 are right :D
I still quite like to have it about 5 or 6 times a year, but not more often than that
Than do it in a way so not to inconviniance other, pleas
It's just that the punishment can stack with others.
All the people investing in Eastern Poland.
The more I look at other (western) nations history, the more it's clear to me, that until like 70's there wasn't a very much big difference between Yugoslavia and any other western countries
or if they are its an exception at least.
About what I asosiate with the EU?
And even that is inaccurate, because Prekmurje (the north-east-most) is split into 4 dialects that differ in vocabulary and pronunciation as well
Just because Ljubljana is the capital does not mean that it automatically becomes the centre for everything
Th sanctions EU put on Russia are hurting us more than them.
I live in the east, it never feels like west is that much better when I visit
But it was not just about cooking we learned about general household stuff
vastly lower than all Eastern countries
Sometimes annoying or tiring, sure, but unless there's a feeling of superiority on their side, all good, and that I've never experienced
It's pretty understandible that people get touchy in that situation.
Didn't it began to be a problem only when Americans found out?
Dunno, I've been  there during high season, and it still seemed pretty empty compared to other touristy spots in the area
It must be possible for people to have some kind of intuitive understanding of how the taxes are distributed, since it's the people who will ultimately decide whether they agree with changes to the tax system (through the democratic process).
But hating croats is the lowest comon denominator.
They still managed to fuck up a lot of things, but at leadt is wasn't complete corruption orgy as in countries that went shock therapy.
They are both horrible books, sadly lots of people take both literally.
However lately a lot of wanna be posh people give their children 2 names, as if they were of blue blood, though their parents most likely still live on a farm
We need to be realistic and critical
It used to be the size of a small planet, but it isn't any more.
I know Ukrainians eat fat blobs of bacon fat on bread lol.
whats with all of the anti-EU comments
Oh, I'll take your word for it.
was it Schicklgruber, no they changed it to something else...
Some kind of soup - mot likely beef.
It's like Slovenia: looks like the West on surface, but dig a bit deeper...
Putting Central and Southern Europe into the mix complicates this discussion.
If the EU federalizes, there literally won't be any "much bigger entities". There'll only be 2 equals - China and US
>:)
So they can watch the battle
No it won't, it shows weakness.
Etc
Oh yes, arguments from authority are always the best
When the class started we made shooting tubes out of pens, and made loads of tiny paper rolls for the ammunition, for the improved version you rolled them in your mouth and then shoot from the mouth and they sticked to the surface
> najlepše **urejena** mesta
Living in an old apartment building says nothing about your income
BTW I hope you get, I'm not actually mad at this, it's just funny two of his movies both have a negative view of Slovenia
I don't want to sound transphobic, but this looks really scary
We were also a nation living in a centralised country with other nations where our voice wasn't heard.
Though our results are getting worse :/
No, because our language is not stupid.
Not many here care, why would anyone outside care?
Before the 'wave' majority of people here said refugees should be helped.
No, I've been mistaken for everything from Spanish, French, German, Swedish...
Compromise - send her to Canada
I will admit I didn't even bother reading the article
But at 39 weeks that's kind of not possible anyway.
I disagree on the last part, though
Did you ever doubt you can break international law if you have if you have enough power and money?
It depends on the country, some will exchange old cash indefinitely (eg Germany), some have already stopped and the old currency is worthless (eg Italy).
Lets keep that one to the sports halls and football fields :D
Hydroelectric shouldn't be considered "renewable". It's really destructive to environment
We will help you get back Rijeka in exchange for Trieste (Trst)
Snow is the worst thing in the history of the universe
Considering sexual preference isn't a choice and isn't contagious, you may sleep soundly knowing that your cat won't turn gay overnight
I would say our prime minister, Janez Janša. There are big protests right now against his goverment
It very rarely reaches those speeds in Trieste tbh.
Well, I don't really feel 'Slovene' but at the same time I don't feel like anything else, really
I've seen bags in some distant corner in a little shop in my neighbourhood but I have never seen anyone buy it or use it.
Flods and landslides, especialy in recent years.
They cut corners because they could in the past and nobody called them out.
The fact that the capital of Illinois is Springfield and not Chicago blows my mind
took us around 15 minutes to figure out we don't need to mangle my sorry swedish and his sorry english because we can both speak croatian ...
Apparently 45 cents per litre
Smoking is still quite tolerated in my experience.
We have quite a few endemic species.
Who would think about a question like this
The dark side of the front page
All I wanted to point out was that it wasn't a one way street
But if you lose your passport it will be easier to prove your identity
diverse
”. If it’s the friend, use “kateri mu je dal
You have letters in latin alphabet available, like ČŽŠ and similar
Any small copany that would allow users to post any kind of pictures or video, would have to have a system to detect any copyrighted material
The weirdest for me are the translations in Harry Potter
Both are definitely Slavic accents
My ex was a basque
According to 4chan Americans poop in the stores.
The course of history could have been different without that Hungarian blood thirsty bimbo.
That doesn't mean it would be one of the best in the world if implemented in some other countries.
Reactionaries are going to do their thing, no matter what flavour of nuttyness they represent
Because they're not, quite the opposite.
And we have people saying that winters should be cold and -5 °C is not real winter.
Can't say I really, like, enjoy his work.
it's the best chocolate cake you can get in Austria
We did our share of atrocities, especially in Bosnia, but we never reached the Serbian level.
At first it seemed slightly off, but I find it normal now
Chan replaced Eric Tsang as director following the accident.
I have seen quite a few of them in Maribor and have heard no complaining from MB and we all know all they do is complain when they don't like something.
And you're not really helping yourself with the protest since you look like (and are) an asshole
NATO does attack countries, even as an entity, not only its members
If people did want to fiddle it then it would need a concerted effort for people to go round with the correct details for people on the electoral register,
Pojasnilo glede prevodov naslovov filmov: prevod filmskega naslova je izbira distributerja in ne prikazovalca
Historically everything south of Lj grad was said to be dolenjska (Vič, Rudnik), the rest was gorenjska (Šiška, Bežigrad, Jarše, even Polje)
▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒█▒█▒
Hozntregerji - Hosenträger - suspenders
would be nationalistic conventions lol
or commit at least 0,5% of the GDP towards
edit: spelling
I'm not particularly big on spectator sports.
Technically these are actually a part of the female -0 group together with nouns like "kopel" - bath, "smrt" - death, "bolezen" - sickness, "pesem" - song, "perut" - bird's wing.
Guess we must come in 2nd, because it's forbidden for us to be best in something.
It was very rainy thats why its brown its usually green
I thought everybody in the world had a smartphone by now.
Also as mentioned above, WWII bombs literally everywhere, but we're kinda immune to it now
Poppy that is used for food (and opiate production) is *Papaver somniferum*, the opium poppy
Well, umm, yeah
You can even travel with ID to Montenegro and they are not even EU
I think that a lot of rumors about lesser quality of foodstuff came to be in 90s since all these new countries pop out into existence and as of time didnt have right regulations to keep things in check and some businesses exploit that...sure you might find something wrong today as well but is more of exception than the rule ...speaking of slovenia
But only a veeery short stretch of the city
That's so cool
General feel of the photo tells me that birth date and photo could match but that photo was made in late 80s or beggining of 90s. And photos on ID cards are just wierd sometimes
Yes, my voice gets deeper, I become more self confident, also a tiny bit more hostile
Latvia also sent us police officers end of 2015 when we had swarms of refugees.
the people from the academy are (90%) so bad actors for films that it almost hurts sometimes.
Perhaps I favour Russia because my country has no bad blood with them, or I'm still clinging to the old 19th century idea of Pan-Slavism, but I'd sooner appease Russia, which is basically in our backyard, than continue this unhealthy relationship with the USA
A huge region made out of several very different countries with plenty of different ethnicities, different levels of development, different levels of crime, different levels of emigration, etc.
Brown doods with blond chiks, make sense.
I'm just gonna look at the time table of the school I went to
Put cheese in goulash and serve it on fresh bread
Of course, we could not live without it
Literally came here to say this
Prekmurci - people from the region of Prekmurje, often stereotypized as uncivilized and uneducated
**Austria** - I like shopping trips every now and then and visiting Christmas markets.
That means kids are divided into groups/families, mixed by age, sex and complexity.
Educated guess, based on how technically complex their compositions can be.
Albanian muslims are often heavy drinkers aka culturally muslim.
That price is definitely not true for Slovenia.
Sure, Russian troops are there, but they certainly aren't the only ones fighting
Slovenia officially produced 2047 tons of honey in 2015.
By far the best decision in a while, fuck apple
It's really hard to say because winters have gotten A LOT warmer here in recent years.
On the Slo-At border before the Karawanken tunnel, traffic jam is quite often (to pay for the tunnel) and it feels like you're waiting for a border check
Is there a common plan from EU for low european fertility rates?
I wish we had snow
This must me the correct way
Some of them, who didn't want to move also joined Slovenian partisans
Croatia
Even on the internet I haven't seen anyone poke at their accent
All in all, a clusterfuck
Everytime I see photos like this I want to play Cities: Skylines but then I remember I now only have a little laptop
I'm not very knowledgeble on this, this is pretty much all I remember.
Western liberal democracies are but a shadow of their former glory.
The only reason why the US are safe-ish is that the USD is the world trade currency, which would change in the event of such a war though, so the US is in a riskier situation in that regard
Or not
You seriously want to have Serbia, Croatia and Slovenia in the same union?
If I’d speak with Slovenians or Austrians, I would tell them that I’m from Lower Styria but if I‘d speak to other people, I would say that I’m Slovenian
I would forcibly move people from different countries into different countries
That a country at one point gets small enough for it to not be possible to be split up by separatists anymore.
Numerous athletes on Olympics, 6 olympic medals and one (that I know of*) paraolympic medal.
[Alessandra Mussolini] is the granddaughter of Benito Mussolini
Probably because in each slavic language there are different surnames
You're a čefur
"The EU probably wouldn't exist-"
Same with deer and boar meat but I think it's usually eaten in restaurants, not prepared at home as much
Props to your dad and I'm happy the bouncer wasn't a total dickhead
It's because at the slightest hint of disagreement they start threatening violence
You should land in Ljubljana rather than Prague.
Not just younger, prettier also and better surgeons
We were riding an escalator and I was standing in the middle while some woman wanted to go faster so my classmate said in slovenian "Daj spusti staro burglo mimo" (Let the old hag go infront)
i mean i never even heard of nazarayev
I started listening to them when I was 11 or so and I liked the song a whole lot even then, but my appreciation of it has gone _way_ up with age and as my English got better
The US can have 11 carriers and the 2 largest airforces on the planet
They cause a lot of damage on crops and grass as well.
Today there are almost no ethnic Germans/Austrians in Slovenia.
You know that is ilegal and undemocratic right?
The idea that the US (or any other country for that matter) have ever done something big out of the goodness of their hearts is hilarious
Also, a general disappointment with independence, I think
Can confirm
In Slovenia he is treated as a hero (or at least as a positive figure)
Rex was a dog from an Austrian TV show.
Stela and Stella are used here.
Turkey is in Asia Mina, not Europe.
Not sure who told you talking politics is taboo here, bitching about politics is our national pastime.
Italians have those 90's Invicta backpacks.
Yeah drunk krampuses can act like a bunch of hooligans since they are masked and thus unreckognisable
the core of my identity is my philosophical stance
Correctly it’s “Sydneyjski” and “Johnu”. It’s not “Ferrari-ja” but “Ferrarija”!
I can pretty much understand any of the slavic balkan languages to some degree
Eh, first two seasons are pretty decent
Zdravo, jst sm Erazem Lipovina
This would be taken to mean "anyone but Slovene". In this light, the percentage makes sense
I think he's just doing a [Steve Ballmer] impersonation.
It looked too risky to try
On what grounds was that even allowed to have any people in, yet alone hundreds of students living in it.
We have a police investigation about funding said television(media house)
Fuck, we still have that, just different
"esentialy an artifitial language, not only did we make up some of the pronounciation.
[dragon]
A Croatian Serb daily, Srbobran, published a horribly chauvinistic and provocative article by Nikola Stojanović, "Serbs and Croats", which literally contained this paragraph:
O_o
(I didn't even know we were invited
The rest of Europe fully supports the British people choiche.
Some words are not even dialect specific and are understood across Slovenia (tepih, žajfa
Considering it's often painted as quite a progressive country, it's pretty shocking to see them just barely ahead of the likes of Iraq, Somalia and Libya
Sippola F
Communism brings nothing but pain as does pure capitalism, besides is not viable and it doesnt work.
Future
I think the average temperature is something like 20°c in Ljubljana, comparable to Warsaw (i think the average is 18°c, not completely sure about that)
Society be individualistic as fuck
Črni kal, Slovenia, biggest viaduct in Slovenia
Četvorka
There is, especially between Ulster Gaelic and Scottish (geographical proximity).
Maybe it wouldn't be if people posted to it.
Yes there is a special type of a referendum called "posvetovalni referendum" which as i recal has never been conducted nation wide (usualy municypaleties do this things for development).
Remember China's Hundred Flowers Campaign
So a kind of brainwashing campaign?
Others have already listed so many.
most slovenians find italians annoying in some way, maybe due to their fashion style or way of speaking or perceived narcissism but we dont actively hate them.
The nature and the allemansrätt (freedom to roam).
Best winter ever
&#x200B;
Russians just inforced humanitarian coridors for evacuation.
Wow have we fallen
TBH if you can you should always buy of the online lego store, shipping to slovenia is free at least for what i am trying to buy
The same safeguards that exist against trolls and other imaginary creatures.
And whoever watches Spanish basketball, Luka Dončič.
I feel attacked
Went to Lelystad to shop, stayed for the polder
It wasn't very useful other than to buy candy, but I remember playing with those notes as a child and liking them a lot.
To be frank, when I went to Transilvania there were many hungarian signs, for a moment I thought we did a wrong turn and went east instead of west from Oltenia
The country wich used the new radio quotas to squeze out russian language.
So US tends to go around it by asking for extradition on different crime, one that carries no death penalty, and then expanding the charge once they have them
There is also a language barrier,,,
As a Slovene Littoral that borrows heavily from Veneto/Friuli, I can agree
No idea
"Quite warm
If you don't speak our language, then you have no business getting citizenshipn
Alma Karlin
This means that two languages can be used in those municipalities for official matters (we do not, in fact, have any municipalities where both minorities would live together) From what I've heard, everyone in those municipalities learns Slovene + the minority language in school.
the properties are intrinsic, the value is given to it by people
I know a Slovenian Lars
They were anti-clerical, pro-free market and pro-Yugoslavian (later even unitarist) faction.
This was a solution in the summer of 2015 before the mass wave and the incidents.
Safe driving test is awesome, I'm thinking of doing it again.
I follow the politics of the ex yugo countries more or less closely.
Ever since 5th grade, I've been a big fan of reading, and, altho I'm ashamed of saying it myself, the majority of the books I read were light novels
have you ever made coffee for more than 4 people?
The rest of the world doesn't NEED navies that can compete in the event of such a war, because everyone would simply be fighting a defensive war and waiting for the US to exhaust itself and for its morale to break like it did in every
People still deny this even after mass graves were uncovered
The rich countries couldn't just decide to do that by themselves.
We have plenty of Serbian and Bosnian immigrants here that brought it here and still practice it.
Are these used for regular card games
Hey, we have that tradition too!
one_and_twenty)
Make your vote count in May
Shit tons of pre-made frozen food.
Most people don't know how to decline 'mati' (mother) and 'otrok' (child).
Ivana Kobilica - though I must admit, I knew of her mainly because her portrait was featured on the 5000 Tolar banknote, our currency prior Euro, otherwise she'd be more or less just another name on a long list of historical figures we needed to learn for school
Well then you're in for a treat my friend!
We call the germans "Švabi" as well
It sucks, we Slovenes hate it, there used to be lots of ethnic Slovenes and Croats living there then the Fascists came obviously, later on occupying half of Slovenia all the way to Ljubljana.
Love and support from Slovenia
Janša definitely
I live on the border between Italy and Slovenia (former Yugoslavia)
Croatians, on the other hand, mostly won’t speak slovene, as understanding croatian from slovene seems to be a one way street
US is a hub for these type of shows.
I don't think English is hard language to learn, but it's not easy to really, really master it
Yea, but I never heard anyone calling the rest of the Bosnians "Švedi".
We are taught about religion, obviously, but no specific class for it
They are given everything and they still complain.
What country are you interested in?
Searching for torrents, arranging them, getting rid of shitty "Remix" versions and poor quality copies, etc
Apparently there were 1110 legal abortions in Poland in 2019
A trend sweping a country because their head of state is a meme?
It's the culmination of all the other shit that happened until that point and opened the gates for even worse shit in the future.
This year was really sad, I need a bit of happiness now that it's ending.
Special entry test before university are only for certain faculties like architecture, film, art and for these faculties some students visit classes to prepare for entry tests
Siddharta as well, they've been around America i believe
if you mean like amateur aircraft from one small airport to another, okay popular.
Since thinking about it, there literally isn't any stereotype about Slovaks we have here that I'm aware of
As well as any sort of shoes and hiking stuff
...and Slovenian has that (different for 3-4 objects than 5+) _plus_ dual so three plurals :)
I wouldn't really say the EU is communist, as you seem to be saying.
more complex history than just "muh land muh horse".
I don't think there's many books of all of our history in English.
One of more memorable incidents on a school trip to Italy:
Well yes, at the time it was quite useful (see my post down below).
Some of this problems have been around in a lot of Southern European countries....
As an European, I don't mind too much
Not sure which, but one of those
But most people here dislike the Jewis State (not antisemitism) and many will half seriously say that jews have done enouth bas frw history and that what happenes to them in in a way deserved.
Yes it does and this is a sample card
I know a Blatnik, Hribernik, Potočnik and a Veršnik personally (more than one of each actually), the rest are probably more common in some other region but they "sound" correct :)
Well if you are in the commonwealth the Queen is the head of state
Oh, so that's how the term 'throwing someone out of the window' came to exist
Never noticed it before
Yep the "original" is definitely a mixture of beer and lemonade
They would shoot themselves in the foot if they did.
My handwriting is nothing to be proud of
We meet for holidays and birthdays, we usually share food preparation duties, have a dinner, and happily yell over each other
You only see the holes and decide to fix them.
Zasavska
I feel similarly about Slovenia.
I never had any issue
Nobody's saying it was a bad thing
No no no no, it's THEM who speak weird.
If you start in Škofja Loka and you drive to Poljanska Sora valley and continue all they way up to Gorenja Vas and then just continue on to get to the crossroads for Cekrno via Kladje, but decide to just continue alongside Sora still, you'll get into Žiri, which is a pretty nice little "town" if you want to call that, and then still continue on still following Sora you'll eventually after few kilometres of really interesting sightseeing (especially the "gorge of Sora and Matjaž's caves) you'll get to Rovte a dispersed village on top of a hill with amazing vistas that range from Triglav through most of Kamniško-Savinjske Alps and more.
Not if its an impropely done hanging.
> People usually move to “bigger” cities for their studies
Truth be told, we don't know if there was any group that called itself Bosnians back in 814.
We actually did consider that option once her father started raising the bride price.
If you work part time and your wage doesn't reach 292€, you can ask for benefits up to that sum.
All spas/wellness'/health centers here have saunas
This is why I'm hoping for another term of Trump
maybe i know some mexican food.
My suspicion is also that she mostly talks to Barron and her parents and doesn't go out much.
Milosevic should have learned his lesson a few years prior.
TIL there were Welfs who weren't the same Welfs who beefed with Hohenstaufens.
the fact is chechen lands would become ISIS before they real ISIS came.
Well yeah, but is it high school or do you attend it after you finish high school?
I remember an add a few months ago, looked like comic book-ish writing that said something like "kaboom".
Don't tell me idiots in cars won't do that
Of course this is not slovenian biggest invention but I find it interesting
For example: [makovka] or [makova potica]
I don't think I have heard that phrase in real life
you are not, you are a country housing distinct peoples
It's a huge plus
It's good they didn't include us because on this map we'd be black.
My experience is that they go out of their way to help you.
Which is also a much less popular wild zone then the Alps, which tend to have a bit too much of hikers and tourists sometimes
You go, Hungary
I don't think that, in Europe, citizenship has a lot to do with how someone identifies or what values someone holds.
Although I would have completely different opinion of someone if that person smoked one joint or would drink one beer on Saturday evening.
Also, more people = higher requirements, this should be obvious.
Wait, no, that's already taken
This is so weird
Oh my gosh isn't that a song from American horror story - Asylum?
but it also covers the EU ) and in High schools during sociology, but I don't know which specific parts are covered
edit: phantom comments still aren't resolved, so to the person asking what these people are doing - they're members of a Fishing family, trying to save fish to move them to another lake
There is nothing I hate more than snow
Stork is common in lots of countries.
Je res da se je Trubar naslanjal na Dolenjsko narečje pri svojem delu in kasneje so se slovenski jezikoslovci tudi upirali na meščanski pogovorni jezik kakršnega so govorili v Ljubljani.
The content on YouTube even has this intimate, domestic setting with streamers: "instead of hanging out in person, here is my friend Ted on YT reading me an FBI crime statistics report proving blacks are inferior to me".
The guy who brings preasents on New Years
But I loathe the idea we must keep it undeveloped for "biodiversity reasons".
While giving Alaska and Haway to Russia.
Not even trying to learn a few useful words in the language before traveling.
You might think "The chances of war breaking out in this day and age are close to 0
Road work ALL THE TIME
\>21
Cardiologist - 3,85-16,73 €
I generally know how to speak American English, but I may roll back to the hard Slovene consonants when my tongue refuses to collaborate with the brain
Luckily those plans changed after Slovenia became independent, deciding to do a tunnel under the hill called Markovec
It's all a continuum, based on which border of a country you're standing next to
As I have written, they should be returned to North African shore.
I have it and don't get commercial mail.
It's normal here to move to the sides if you see an emergency vehicle behind you, on a highway or off it
Yeah, better comparisons
No that's me now can you please move us to the western side of the building, I just want a new computer and a better office
There's a number of ways you can place obsticles on the road to war.
You lay the can down sideways
Have seen a bunch of boys/young men covered in that stuff since its opening
- druga moška sklanjatev (sluga, -e)
How they graduated high school is beyond me
Is that some kind of a proverb
Umm
In Slovenia we have at least one piece of news a year describing a group of tourists (mostly Czech) hiking in sandals or a similar bizzare thing
In 2011 there were 223.260 registered dogs.
Actually I'm pretty sure almost all (with few exceptions) other groups take scouting way more seriously than we, at least those of us from the "old guard". The younger leaders are a bit more open to ideas by the regional organisation
It's likely that political culture would shift under a new system.
edit: spelling
Schrödinger's Slovenia: Simultaneously Central European and Yugoslav when not observed.
IDK why some people think he looks childish here
Jurija evrov (euros) is 1000€. Can be also used for other currencies or even other measurments
so the more well-read you are, more you'll enjoy him
trot - male bee
Pretty sure most countrie learn about it in the same fashion as you
In my part of Slovenia, it's German
ye and learning english is kinda our thing.
> This is why, as regards peace-making, the singularly most effective piece of construction is not, and has never been, the bridge
While we try to teach kids some basic scouting skills, we're not very strict about it
Between all the other Nordic crosses and the other countries with Union Jacks in their flags I fail to see how the UK's flag is any more unique than tricolour flags
It turns out bats look kinda cute if you wrap them in little blankets.
the cult built around them is ridiculous.
I thought it will be a much higher percentage here.
We call it *črkarija* which is hard to translate directly, but would mean something like "the letter game". It's great for kids so they can learn about countries, cities etc
October and November were very difficult months.
I would totally support implementation of it.
All my known ancestors from one of my great grandmothers side of my family are from a radius around 50km (75km to be safe) from where my parents are from (25km from where we currently live), going back to around 15th century.
You just in general don't know how to behave in the mountains.
At least it has a lot of spas, tho
Unlike England, we have separation of church and state.
Those Albanian ones are so fake tasting and people preffer taste over 10 cents.
Slavic languages all have conditional mood!
When I was visiting Romania and went to the store, I understood what plenty of food items are, because very similar words
Not realy, Serbia has border disputes with only Croatia I believe.
OP even said it that there is no need to discuss politics, but someone will always bring it up anyway just so we can get into another pointless argument and negativity.
It's happening everywhere
What about [this one] This is my all time favourite Eurovision song, it's the only one I remember beside Abba.
And
Not LJ, but we also had bad weather
Anyway, what did she say
A lot
Yes it works on my laptop of course.
Slovenia was never directly occupied by the Ottomans, but there were Turkish raids on what is today Slovene territory, which obviously left consequences on the territory.
-e is the genitive ending, "npr
The club is **ours**, if it is failing as you say, it is with Britain included.
Ok, so it was the last croat kingdom.
Thank you
This is after he was the first one to congratulate Trump on his victory 3 days ago
My nephew (a more recent addition to the nation) started with one of those pushbikes that don't have pedals and was confidently tearing up any terrain with a proper BMX by the time he was 3 and a half, whereas I learned at 9 or 10, I think
My grandma lives in a heavily forested part of Slovenia, and multiple times while out tending to her fields she has seen a brown bear
We want you to leave as soon as possible.
Depends on the language, like in German you also say halb sieben, not sechs und halb
Are you Felix (PewDiePie) and Marzia
You can keep him wherever you are.
Are you a politician
Undo what you have done
On Slovene, tja means "there", as direction
If you will not learn we will have to change language (while showing cooking wooden spoon- kuhalnica and threatening beating with it)
And 4th day after opening is on a limit as well
I really don't understand why they are still a thing.
And by that logic, if she is, is she also a citizen of Canada
The people cal always revolt against their government.
I'm sure even the most hard core pro-choice activists would be against it.
Oh, so that's how the term 'throwing someone out of the window' came to exist
It's relative, it depends on wind and humidity
It was taken over by an illegal military organization that was supported by a NATO bombing campaign.
On one occasion water bomber was flying right over our heads while on a beach.
Anyway, we all loved that song.
Exactly my thoughts hahaha
Although my first idea was the first verse of Povodni mož:
Been there, it is so beautiful
Idk we are pretty small doe so maps tend to overlook us
Lol AFD rise because romanians and bulgarians?
They brough me a package when I wasn't home, left me a note to call them or use their online app to arrange another delivery.
We have plenty amongst different regions of the country as well.
I live close to the capital and the prices have shot up like nobodies business
I know the difference between bits and bytes.
There's young people, old people, poor people, rich people living in them.
No west is modern rich and shares our culture, something saudia arabia doesn't.
I have never had to wait more than an hour to see my GP.
I’m not sure about that, there are still many common surnames that are describing a place but could be
Second is Barcaffe and after that Lavazza
now again, he talks about the left, but I think the parallels are obvious
”. The word is actually a composite of “sъ” and “dőrvъ”, literally meaning “good wood”.
Core EU suggests the EU needs it to exist.
for the Bosnian refugees in the nineties was Slovenia quite Ok.
I wouldn't have it changed, but if they were going to change it I'd submit [this] as the replacement :P
Here are some resources and tips that could you help you learn Slovenian:
I am not saying there arent alot of fake news in support of brexit/anti EU/Trump...
What did the Pope do
Hey, you're on /r/Ask**Europe**.
He's controversial for other reasons
I thought Australians already did this when 4chan was invented.
In Slovenian it sounds fine (Češka), but Czechia in English sounds atrocious
Neither, they come from the steps of Asia and gave us Gipsies.
I never even heard anyone mention Turks in this kind of way
Another problem with language is Germanic and Romance influence
Errr, I have an almost unlimited amount of hate for polka (living in slovenia that is a sin) and I think german language sounds like a rabid mechanic trying to smother me with umlauts, but that's just me.
> What the hell is going on with vienna
Im half Slovenian and Half Serbian.
You know the situation is properly fucked when it's impossible to tell if you're serious.
Chemistry, pharmaceutical science, biochemistry and medicine
Pa še kak je res
We only have one language (Slovenian) and it's pretty unknown to the the rest of the world, so I guess that counts
It's very hard to meet a swede randomly on the street, but as soon as you have some sort of a "connection" things change rapidly.
but do American universities have really prestige in the world?
Asti F
How safe do you think I feel
[Quark] is now being sold here.
And he came back from Soviet Union because the russian send him to rule over Yugoslavia
Actually, I think it would be more fun to first watch them agree on the rules :D
Denmark is a great right-wing country.
Except Crimean people are not a phone.
And Drnovšek moved them to some house in Ljubljana), so they're not in Ambrus anymore.
The one my mum mixes from stuff around our house.
In slovenia we have a town named Novo Mesto (new city)
I live 10 minutes from the old centre, you know the deal: church,... Not far from the center was a graveyard, not maintained for years so the trees grew over it, a lot of the tombstones were replaced, but some are still the original ones
Can I ask you why you think that
There is no cure for the virus itself
To be honest that doesn't sound half bad.
But it sounds fancy and people like to use it
Overall, I think the country is heading in the right direction.
1 - ena
When I was in elementary scool you'd be ridiculed if seen in foam sliders
Tricky, as an independent nation we didn't the time (or power) to do much shitty stuff
Here it's very common
I suppose it makes them feel better about themselves as it feeds their xenophilia.
So popular we almost have enough people for 1 national team.
I'm willing to entertain the notion that the "average" american lives comparably or better to one living in any other western democracy (at least fiscally) but the poor, junkies, single mothers, felons, veterans and the rest of lower income class seems to be a lot worse off.
> So almost like brothers
Took me some time, but here you go:
Slavs are an ethno-linguistic category.
Do remember you're coming to a country that was divided between fascist Italy and Nazi Germany, also Hungarians and Croats took parts of our country in WW2.
Also, the Slovenian war of independence (also known as the Ten-Day War) was the first armed conflict in Europe after WWII
Hm i just re-checked the statistics and it appears that White americans make up 72.4% of the population, the projections show that will be decreasing though.
list - leaf
But the HRE did extend beyond the Alps and a bit into the Balkans
He has a hardcore support group and his party receives a certain percentage of votes on every election but it hasn't been enough to form a government in a while, however he got his break when the previous PM stepped down in a dumb headed attempt to win more seats in an election but instead, the president gave Janša an option to run for the position and all the wishy washy selfish centre/centre-right parties formed a coalition with the right wing SDS party (which Janša is the leader of) and formed the shittest government in our history
They're sold on normal shelves in stores but pretty sure everyone puts them in a fridge at home
For example, I always pay my phone bill with a 3 week delay, if it's due on the 14th, I'll usually pay early next month
People and TV here are constantly yapping about not throwing food away.
20 - **dva**jset
Not really, no
Our economy was picked as one of the most stable in europe.
But we need to solve climate problem NOW
People dress up (in a part of Slovenia, they are known to dress as [kurents] eat doughnuts ([not the American kind] and go from door to door like Americans do on Halloween.
Iceland dealing with important issues I see
The EU tries to do this with the vetos
Not really except sometimes for birthdays between family and very good friends (woman/woman, man/woman).
You need to get the legal papers from the government (usually that part if officiated by a municipality representative).
Novo Mesto probably holds the top spot for pharmaceuticals
How to navigate ourself
I rarely see adults using them.
Not Wales though, coz who goes to Wales?
There were ideas to at least conserve the outer facade, but in the end the deal was made that it will be replaced by a "cultural hub". But this project also went nowhere, and was recently replaced by just fancy apartment building, with no cultural value
Probably higher than usual broken bones and injuries due to falling branches
Only McDonald's is doing well and we have one Subway and one Burger King.
I liked most subjects, the only one I really hated was german language lessons, I still have nightmares about their grammar rules.
It's good for tax reasons
How can E.R. be closed
>One could even say they betrayed you (giving Stalin reign over you)
Are there different track gauges though
And then it's raining outside, a whole bunch of kids comes in with wet shoes and then they go and play on wet and dirty floor
His work is filled to the brim with cultural, historical, political references
Also, whenever one of the other former communist countries beats us in an international ranking, it sets off a media panic.
Podravska
> he would think of Prague
Well, they are embassy personnel after all.
We have bohinj and bled in the north in the alps so that pretty much assures it not being in the middle of nowhere
Not really at least in my part of the country
Not as fast or as scenic as the Norweigan version, but still nice.
I got a ticket for smoking a joint in public (40€ fine) and I was pretty mouthy to the detective involved, asking him if he felt this was the best use of his talents&training, and I swear to god they were embarassed.
I know there is free will because I can choose whether I'll argue with you or not.
Additionally, the literal translation of *v redu* is *in order*, so it shouldn't be that weird to write it like that (but it still is)
Upsi
Mostly pregnant or hurt
Done
Subregion of Bela Krajina: They speak a funny dialect, almost Croatian, drunk farmers
We'd rather be called micro-state than Eastern European or Balkan
There were ideas to at least conserve the outer facade, but in the end the deal was made that it will be replaced by a "cultural hub". But this project also went nowhere, and was recently replaced by just fancy apartment building, with no cultural value
On the top of my head the only popular left wing-ish policy is Medicaid.
I've also spent a fair bit of time in Sweden at -10 to -30 and didn't really find it bothersome, I might just be a winter person
Again missing the point
The rent
"Pricaj srpski da te ceo svet razume"
Let's summon Malta, Andorra, Liechtenstein, Monaco and Luxembourg.
Then Mandarin (which would also give me rough knowledge for reading other languages which use the same characters),
You don't have to, I would deal with Americans who aren't natives.
I feel like those days are long gone...
When I was in elementary scool you'd be ridiculed if seen in foam sliders
they were an exception when the Nazis needed collaborators
We are a country with least gender inequality in the world.
A portion of people just as a portion of Croats support Gotovina and a portion of Bosnians are totally fine with mudjahedins and Wahhabis fighting and supporting their cause
I was there at night and it was completely dead.
Fuck all of this, thats just absurd
Sklepam, da nisi z obale ali Goriških brd (glede na to da uporabljaš bučno olje), samo to sem mislil :)
That was fast
People were mostly against adoption.
[Stay forever]
Everytime I ask if they have parmesan cheese they point me to Grana Padano or even serbian Ribanac which is just a mixture of inferior grated hard cheeses.
Or pointing out that Mozart was actually German
For my country Slovenia, it is German and Italian
> If you picked a Slovak a put him somewhere in Slovenia, if people were not taking, he wouldn't know he is in a different country
They probably just thought it's what it's called everywhere.
I modified it for non-Americans
Who knows maybe Slovenia would be as big as Austrian empire at that time if they succeeded
Came here to mention an EU-wide network of nuclear powerplants to completely replace the fossile fuel ones and give the EU energy independence
Called the 'Bob Dylan of Slovenia,' Vlado Kreslin to perform rare Cleveland show
If anyone wants to get a feeling why US military budget is so absurdly large, I recommend to watch or read *The Pentagon Wars*.
Romanians have slavic influence and it's heard in their language
And if you think that was not real example - just in a simple town in California people lived in poverty while the officials of that town had 80
Whether or not raisins belong in a [potica] I personally think they don't, but according to a recent debate on our national sub, a large number of my fellow countrymen would disagree
Her sister, who barely started school, corrected her all prim and proper: "You must speak Slovenian, they can't understand you"  (she WAS speaking Slovenian, but in their dialect :D)
Tips Slovenian hat
We have the same thing with Jože/Jožefa.
You're so daft it's kind of sad.
Back then Austrian meant anyone who lived in the Austrian part of the country, including Slovenes
To be honest, I am sometimes relieved that almost nobody outside of Slovenia speaks Slovene, as our politics are sometimes even on a lower level than those in the US
I even need an exact number of apples my mum wants.
Don't forget lazy Montenegrins and thieving Croatians
To begin with, here's a map of our traditional regions: The red ones are Upper Carniola (Gorenjska), Inner Carniola (Notranjska) and Lower Carniola (Dolenjska) - the latter also includes a smaller region known as White Carniola (Bela krajina) -, which were once part of the Duchy of Carniola (Vojvodina Kranjska).
“Drevo, ki je padlo
Just look at post WW1, already tiny Slovenia was looking to be half it's modern size and landlocked
It's almost given that a non-European (even European sometimes) news site will mix nationalities or straight up think it's the same country, can't really blame them to be fair.
Cold: <0
Thousands of others would steer away from the path and touch everything that shines if there weren't rules and a guide to enforce those rules.
I had a homeless coworker who was staying with a friend, had a job but statistics ran him as homeless because he didn't have his own address.
Maribor on the other hand has great potential, being close to Austria, fields, mountains, well connected etc
I would make it that Ivan Kramberger wasn't assasinated
Someone from Maribor would have a different accent.
Well, Slavs do actually have an [almost-completely-intelligible-even-without-training-universal-language]
The UK leaving implies that a strong unified peaceful Europe may not be able to exist
The EU has regional funds, the UK doesn't.
Another fight happened yesterday, instead of lying, JJ accused a journalist of laying
I would not want to walk alone in Malmö at night if I was a woman that is for sure.
You mean rot in prison and spread his venom to other delinquents.
And that is 1794 years too late
Russian cyclist in a quarantine in Dubai only had his test positive 6th time he was tested
But it is cheap, the cheapest one way is €9 per person.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't Otto von Habsburg help out a few thousand Austrian Jews flee to Switzerland
In every country of the UK, EU citizens are treated exactly the same as the locals.
It's like a national past time
In capitalist America you crash Windows, but in soviet Russia windows crash you
I vacationed in Novi Grad and Portorož every year when I was younger and never had a feeling they spoke a similar language.
In person I maybe know 3 or 4 people that know anything at all about EU
The cheapest would probably be homemade schnapps, as long as you got the equipment from an uncle or something.
I personally took a 5€ airplane ticket from Belgrade to Gothenburg.
Because it's the same thing, just a bigger unit.
But it will probably remain a wish.
We have some at a lake near my home where I often go fishing, and these fuckers just paddle their way up to you (occasionally messing up your lines), get out of the water, and start hissing like you owe them money.
i guess I should be glad I live in an area with good and cheap enough public transport that I wouldn't even want to buy a car if I didn't need it as it's only a financial burden.
Damn you're ugly
I actually don't know why we celebrate it on the 24th.
but some shitheads are still littering!
They are American, Italian and French respectively.
> Queen Juliana granted pardons to some of those sentenced to death
They cant do shit about intra-EU migration and they know it, leaving EU for Germany would be catastrophic.
I think it's actually not that bad with words of Latin/Greek origin though
Zica - > cukzn - > wire
And we have chocolate, apple, kebab and kranjska klobasa burek
I guess the obvious answer is [Styrian Harmonika] Zither as well, since it's an older instrument
As you said, EU citizens can already vote in local elections and I think that's enough.
Ja natürlich we can
I save around 400 EUR per month and we also get Christmas benefits and "regres"- money paid by your employer so you can go to vacation, amount differs where you work (this year I got 1000 EUR)
Yeah, that makes more ense for the Gradec high way and IKEA.
In če je neka Vas v Mestni občini še e pomeni da je del mesta.
Whaat
It depends on how big is your salary, bigger salaries get higher tax rates.
It is true, particulary Unicef
inb4 thousands of these popping up in Eastern Ukraine.
But it portrays one part of the immage I have about Americans really well.
I only seen it once during my 2 month stay there.
I am not overreacting, this was a horrible hostel
Being part of a nationwide argument of who was better, the resistance (OF) or the nazis.
That makes the landscape a tiny bit less boring
But that doesn't somehow nullify their entire culture
The [Italian one] OP is asking about looks great too
Europe takes Croatia to court over Eurocontrol |
I'll take Moscow over Washington any day
With party that blamed EU for all sorts of problems and complained about excessive regulations and made that one of reasons for Brexit in power
There is thousands of dead people lying in our caves, ex mining tunnels, pits etc
Oh no, not at all, I'm the last to be offended.
Albinos are closest to white I can think of, I'm closer to pink than white myself in the winter and get nicely brown during the summer.
On the European scene I'd go with Terry Pratchett, the man was pure class and genius.
Im kinda sad and not really surprised about slovenia
Can't compare Vienna or Prague to Ljubljana in the amount of things to see or places to visit.
Ustaše? What does that have to do with us
only lately I'm seeing these things on our forums and such.
Good job UK, we coulda had teslas cheaper in europe
For some people, sovereignty > poverty.
You make no sense
Can you brits fo something about it pleasw
Open and international is not the same as gloalist.
r/europe probably censored it if it arose.
What ned to snolwes winters projecet?
I mean for germany it would be stupid to claim that.
but after that she should pay out of her pocket.
5 stolov
Wild bears stink, can't really describe the smell
But that sure won't keep you from talking further nonsense
I don't think people ever turn to mention-worthy amount of violence, but international winter sport events are big around here
Same
Now, if I ask a bunch of Scottish people, do you think they'd say they feel that England has way too much control over Scotland or that England doesn't have control over Scotland
I see you are having a knee-jerk reaction as soon as discrimination was mentioned
In Slovene media they went mostly as a joke
It was a similar experience in Czechia
I always thought our depression is unique, turns out not realy.
so no one was told they will be "stacking sugar on the store shelves"? it was a classic  in my household
Yeah, the cat version is popular in Slovenia as well
Maybe you would, if you didn't celebrate so much that one battle you lost.
As a slovene boi, Im excited about being in the same region as Trieste(Trst)
But what both sides have in common is that it's not their stance but rather the propagandist's skill which determines if their stance is deemed right by their audience
- prva ženska sklanjatev (lipa, -e)
The divisions have a historical basis - for centuries, parts of our nation lived in different duchies, separated by mountains, forests, rivers and borders.
You guys lobbied hard for less regulation over banks and insurance companies, which for central europeans were not very smart ideas but you got a special deal.
Vocational schools have mandatory internships but it's in their field of work.
Many were able to see their families again and many families wanted their sons to become Janissaries.
"Politicians not as curruopt"
I don't think strict discipline did anything bad to me, but I don't think it's something that should be brought back.
There is some leeway with parenthood, who you live with, what you own and similar stuff.
I mean internet is a place where extrimist share their views with other like-minded people and create a bubble.
I've seen plenty of people travelling this way.
And a few older ones that have been renovated.
> In Italy we often joke about reconquering Istria and in particular the city of Fiume (Rijeka, Croatia)
Austrians and Italians have traditionally looked down on us so I don't think I'd be happy with that, that leaves me with just Croatia ...
I don't have to click it to know what it is.
Here in Slovenia, we dedicate a significant chapter in high school Slovene to our dialects
That's close enough for the definition of 'works' I think
But if you leave your books in school, how do you study at home
Why the Vukovar battle even ocured.
In Koper, my hometown of about 30k people, I’ve never felt unsafe
the dayton agreement just hit the pause button.
It is quite complicated
everything differs so much is tough to put everything and everyone into one picture without stirring a bunch of arguments.
Those social conservatives were crafty
Look i know the English dont have the Academy.
I understand them, but there really is an obvious difference
You can usually hear an accent
I got absolutely nothing against them, I just find flat places to be estethically unpleasing, I want a mountainous Europe all over.
A bit more inconvenient, since it would go by land, but in a scenario where the EU and Russia grow that close, it's reasonable to assume that land infrastructure between them has been vastly improved, and China is already building its Silk Road 2
But they got €€€.
Some personal choices:
Janez Janša, our current extreme far right PM
But if I weren't so used to today's tech, I guess it would depend on whether I'd be a slave.
Most conservative parties have some kind of religious background.
Which annoys me because there's usually a zebra 50m down the road.
May someone correct me if I'm wrong
I mean, I mostly spend time with CS students, but even my other friends do at least know their way around the Windows UI
war so hoch, dass alle Welt sich sofort auf die Suche machte, den Attentäter fand
People are never reluctant to donate money to volounteer firefighters.
Europe will have to deal with this paradox of tolerance of the intolerance....
I mean, Brexiteers are proven right in 1 out of all of their points - not sure that would heal the political divide, but at least they'd get 1 thing right and have that bit of moral justification to drag the UK out
They're delivered by companies you buy it from
**That you were part of the Austrian empire holds little to no value in this discussion.** Yes, you were part of Yugoslavia and that's a huge reason why you're considered a part of the Balkans.
In the higher grades everybody has  [those]
It's mostly popular with teens.
There's no popular kids, no nerds, no jocks, no bullies, no victims.
The last one is just straight up awesome lol
I kept the line over 7 for longer though, because it was better for making it obviously different from letters
I don't spend a lot of money on food or expensive items (no iPhone for me)
These two last regions have bad roads and even worse railways, no highways (except south part of primorska) and are mostly very mountainous and have low population density
Some Croatian cities are also recycling pretty well
They deny, say they all deserved it or even say not enough of them were killed
It has balistic misiles for gods sake.
Czechoslovakia and Checnoslovenya, got it
We got 99 problems here, but getting drunk ain't one of them.
She has internalised the oppression.
Well that would at least be funny if the police officer would take your phone
And his reason was to make the population of Germany better workers
Dothraki with fire swords
I was reading a book with all the registered families from the 19 century in my home town in central Slovenia and at least half of them had Austrian/German last names, so while Slovenes were frowned upon and our language/traditions were forbbiden most of the time, they still didn't let us turn into a giant shit hole and so many Austrians living here helped a lot with that I think.
Again, none of this is meant as a critique of you as a person, most people just never think about this, so I thought I'd start spreading awareness
I forsee the same status quo as now until a new economic crisis hits and finally shakes politicians minds enough to make reforms that are long  overdue
Later on I was I fan of ER, Chicago Hope, 3rd rock from the sun, Friends and others.
We even had to bring bicycles to kindergarten because we had a booklet with activities we had to do
Should the cost be placed upon everyone or like it is now onto those that use the train
the good news is, we are doing something for global warming
I will gladly tell them you are a western spy!
He cant go to much places
Interesting, i would've thought you were from a southern European country since you like the heat
Just slightly different variants of Danes, really.
Nobody dares to do it because they fear the voters backlash.
and that's because the people never saw a black person there.
Slovenia's economic growth beats all forecasts - 2,7%
If you give a slovenian an atomic bomb he'll throw it on his neighbours doorstep, we're also one of those very divided nations ...
hrvat je tat avstrijec je kradljivec italijan je cigan
Hmm
So it's more like that the American version of Italian cuisine is popular
It's so depressingly accurate you have no choice but to change POW
Also, the Slovenian war of independence (also known as the Ten-Day War) was the first armed conflict in Europe after WWII
We implemented it for trucks last year
I got no problem downvoting someone who spews his opinion as fact without providing any proof of his dubious claim.
-ič is the most common ending of specific endings but it's not nearly as common in Slovenia as in other countries
Always something completely different
edit: students not student
We just sell guns to yall
Anything else is cultural appropriation!
I also took Russian classes later on, but i am far from fluent in it
Therefore Croatia, never one to be upstaged, now does the same thing to Serbia.
"iz Slovarja slovenskega knjižnega jezika: drkati -am nedov
to learn some basic skills on which you can improve if a time comes, when you will be needed
Or not
Stick to your side of the Atlantic, plenty of resource-rich countries to destabilise there
Way too often to the point that I feel like I can barely speak Slovene
We are more alike then any other ex-yugo countries.
Usually something with chicken and potatoes.
It goes towards Germany almost killing its neighbors' power grids when it surges
ATV: štirikolesnik /fourwheeler
As for general population I have no idea probably they do not know much
I once had a random cat eating my dogs food from his bowl while he was sleeping on a couch few meters away.
In language we are unique among Slavs with similarities in both south and slightly less west Slavic languages
I was listening to her when i was like 6 and when I looked back at 10 to songs like Clown House or something similar i was really suprised
He was born in Kumrovec present day Croatia, but to many he is still our hero
We got beggars and all that here in Slovenia too but I have yet to see a makeshift "settlement" of tents in the middle of the street here as I did there, and we're a crappy ex-communist country and not the worlds only superpower.
I know only 3 people in my hole life that are vegetarian/vegan.
Maybe because of the recent conflicts, but I find especially interesting the countries on the eastwards borders of Europe
Well that's what I mean
There is a reason I originally asked:
But they took our sacred land^:P^🐍^/s
definitely, I mean I doubt there is more than a few citizens in both countries who even care about this, it was always ridiculous because it's not even that significant to anyone, they just bring it up when they are bored and when there is nothing else going on to complain about.
Then I’d move to serbia and be rich
I went on an east coast tour, Miami to New York in 2003.
Yeah that NATO thing commiting war crimes in secret and arming terrorist groups.
Ah, seems like a lot of you didn't understand the reference
Poppy that is used for food (and opiate production) is *Papaver somniferum*, the opium poppy
In the current system the individual Commissioner doesn't represent the country he is from (or at least that how it should be).
Apart from that, people prefer to keep money on hand to buy stuff they can use
There's a few people who learn Slovene in Japan.
Instead, there's paranoia about Germany taking over
The problem is small goverment control and lassize policies on companies are kinda more american rightwing.
Nobody really interested in the washing board or butter churner.
The three the main roads leading into Ljubljana are named after Vienna, Klagenfurt and Trieste.
Have you been there
We need esa x nasa x alltheotherspacesciencerelatedagencies x aliens
I'm assuming you're trying to turn it into a Scottish flag, but in that case you'd have to remove the horizontal ones
Kaj je to tvoj osebni subreddit al kako
Ljubljana is what it is
Ajax has better logo
Slovenia; each Friday - yesterday marked the 13th protest
We went thru the shitty 90s but now we live well
You can also find Gradec on [motorway signs ]
If you were surrendering, cowards, [this] nor [this] nor [this] nor [this] would happen, and the list goes on
What about "Dnevnik Diane Budisavljević"? Didn't it get Big Golden Arena for Best Film this year in Pula
Probably
And if "yes"?
"Če čebula ne bi imela če bi bila bula
There's absolutely a lot of negative versions which might win out instead
In my region (Zasavje) fruit and veg shops seem to be dominated by albanians, other stuff has diversified but they still reign supreme there.
Styrians and Carinthians speak (to varying degrees) German
"If we can fuck it up, we probably will"
It goes both ways too, but to a lesser extent
Draft
As a rule though most of our water is extremely clean and safe, my particular building was an old apartment building from the 1900's and there were sometimes measured levels of lead above the EU norm, it would only happen if you let the water "sit" in the pipes for a day before using it, we were instructed to always let it flow for 5-10 seconds before using it.
No, no, she's all yours, we insist
All
if I drive in Slovakia with sign "Otrok v avtu" I will get attention of local police as this in Slovakian means "Slave in the car" while in Slovene it is "children in the car"
I never even knew they were hated, I wear them a lot, lots of my friends do too.
Do you think Slovenia has a claim on Southern Carinthia in Austria?
Over here it's usually expected to answer your work phone when the boss calls, even though you're not at work
So your argument is a list of failed states?
My girlfriend works with 1-2 year olds and they climb everywhere and put things in their mouths, shoes included because that's how they learn
But I guess it really is a matter of how you define moving out
We're just not important enough for any of them to realise that though
People who speak a tonal language learn them automatically and it is something that is quite hard to explain, so generally it is not taught in schools.
Ya completely integrated in slovene language bit it is written as "okej"
Something about the painful results of global warming and how we've turned our backs on the environment
well, be glad you live in Finland.
&#x200B;
No, we’ve broken a lot of records
Even if you were right you'd still be an asshole.
Former Austro-Hungarian military warehouse and bakery, now a counter-cultural centre of Maribor
Lots of floods, lightning strikes, hailstorms, storms with high winds (other than burja), torrential rain, fires, we had a tornado once, landslides, and the most epic of all the disasters was the ice storm that paralized the country for a week and ruined more than half of our forest and we now have problems with bark beetles because of it.
In hottest years even way over 30.
Idk, basically just a lot of Albanians and Bosnians
There's also 'tati' or 'Hrvat je tat' for Croatians
did they put snowden/assange asylum as part of their agenda?
” is wrong
Let's just leave the poison to the politicians, there's no need for hate between our peoples :)
The US debt-to-GDP ratio is 106%. For the EU, that's 80%. We'll see about the Eurozone
Do you guys also get annoyed by bad Australia jokes
Even in Slovenia, just a few years after getting our independence from Yugoslavia, those widows were already pretty damn common, though not as much as now(now, 99% of the widows are like that, in every house and institution, unless it's a REALLY old, non-renovated building with the original windows or something)
The bike does not have any gears and it is a bit rusty which is a good thief repellent
Edit: nevermind
Crimea actualy asked russia to stay.
> Eastern-European
The Interpol and Slovene police statistics show a a high number of foreigners and foreigners with Slovene citizenship in there.
Nobody]
Thank god for rules and people who still respect nature.
Unlike the other two, they speak German
Fear of Russia may be the one thing keeping NATO and the EU together in the future and as soon as the discontent of its members is greater than that fear, then the whole thing comes tumbling down
Syria being a land where many foreing power test their skill and fight eachother, Turnin the battlefield into proxy war.
When we speak it no one can understand us outside of our municipal borders
I sure would have been one of the party goers
Bread does not go with anything
Was the whole thing falsified to further harm Russia's standing
If I were to travel to the EU, should I expect any sort of prejudices due to being American?
I dont care but I bet most of 🇪🇺 supported the brits leaving.
because she is in charge of guiding the process
Could do with a bit less blatant corruption, but this is sort of a consequence of living in a small country where most people know most people :D
And abusive mothers don't cause ASD in kids.
Over here civil partnership is equal to marriage.
For many years, the terrible sacrifice ensured peace in the land
I love the eyepatch you gave to some (including mine)
One better
for EU purposes each country only gets to pick one language
Gay propaganda seems to be really strong there
' (not sure which is a closer translation), or there are some traditional not really curse words that are just funny, like 'pasja taca' (dog paw) or 'tristo medvedov' (three hundred bears)
Considering his age I'd rather opt with a train journey where he can probably stay with you, rather than being packed in a cage in the luggage compartment on an airplane.
Mods should flair this as "data not entirely reliable".
Overall it works very well, but mine looks quite unattractive, so I can leave it anywhere without concern
So when I meet another roma peron will I think of them violent
It’s been posted quite a few times
I'd be more interested if ours didn't look kinda lame, tbh
No one gets called out for hate and saying people should be killed and those comments receive a lot of likes
Products considered premium are usualy domestic or German
Needs a banana for scale
Brilliant
And I know quite a lof of people
And frequented by very few students actually.
Empty
Let's just say I'm not holding my breath for change
Chamonix is my dream one day, it's so fucking expensive though.
We pay 30€ for a connection like this
Treniran sem v gverila vojskovanju in sem najboljši ostrostrelec v celotnih oboroženih silah Združenih držav Amerike.
I know what you were trying to imply :p it's relative but funny when a country huge compared to us says they're small.
Yes, ww2 left more recent and deeper scares.
Luckily our guide intervened and calmed the Italian down before anything worse happened
We got Euro in 2007 so I still remember the times we used Tolar
In Yugoslavia at least, that was the basic idea behind such neighborhoods
They come to the vilages to scratch their back on peoples apple trees, cuz all those trees in the forest arent scratchable enouth.
Ida (2013) is a good movie too.
I felt it here in Črnomelj
Gypsy settlements are like that here, at least in Lower Carniola.
I did however point out where this prejudice comes from
He's obviously talking out his ass.
S3- and 4 is where it started to go downhill until everything turned into utter shit and unwatchable garbage
4 groups of people who use it
Many small settlements are carrying this affix of the region to the name to distinguish them from other same name towns in Slovenia
If my Bosnian would be better, Turkey would be easier too
Pomurska
Because watching it on an antenna is free.
His latest hobby is trying to pass a law which would dramatically cut funding for the national TV and radio, while also trying to make them more obedient and supportive of his party
> Slovenia much smaller
But as I've said, the cheapest version with that CPU was €560.
Going to Rome for 4 days, need a bit of advice.
Še enkrat pomisli, debil
I don't know why, but the tone of voice of the announcers from the Italian fascist era is so hilarious to me.
I don't mind, but I don't think they should be allowed to mint € coins.
Dober dan
Possibly
Sooo, new capital for Belarus
People fucking disgust me sometimes.
Slovenia is still good for hitch-hiking, I've been doing it for around 23 years now.
Through the amazing process of media osmosis, I have learned English from such a young age that I'm probably more fluent in English than Slovene
They had the biggest market share
Parts of Carinthia and Prekmurje have very typical pronounciation that is hard to shake off, and for some of them English is second foreign language (German being first)
This we agree on
I also live in the countryside so I'm surrounded by farmland and vineyards and there's cows everywhere.
The state we are currently in, supposedly as bad as the height of the cold war, is in no way entirely the fault of Putin's Russia
r/fellowkids
As the title says
Denmark -> Danska (the land of day)
On the other hand, people who hired workers to do it for them admit it is a generally an unmitigated disaster, reliable and responsible workers are rarer than unicorns
That was his plan, as far as we know.
We have Germanised to the point where Ja has replaced Da (Yes)
2 Euro: 2 x German, 1 x Austrian, 1 x fancy Austrian, 1 x fancy Irish!
I heard there is a 15 year old fighting for her life
Tbh, most of the songs we send are trash
In the same vein, never call anyone *not* from Russia, Ukraine, or Belarus Eastern European
This is totally wrong
You must separate Russian Empire and Soviet Union.
I thought we're talking about giving them a seat in an institution with the power propose and veto acts, whatever that means because you weren't very specific.
Since I still consider liberalism as a "normality" in a liberal democratic political system (that we supposedly still have), our media is just actually normal western media with many journalists doing a good or average job
I saw in a souvenir shop a kitchen towel with the territory of Trieste depicted on it.
Hes been surprisingly quiet lately.
Other popular pets are fish, birds, hamsters, quinea pigs, rabbits.
Havent you watched the news today?
In highschool they didn't care as long as they could read what was written
It's complicated, but Janša is still galaxies away from Jorg
But later countries agreed to call it disolution.
The claim was "did nothing". Not "nothing for you", "nothing".
I would say that it happened gradually with the 1960's bringing the most critical change.
In order to do that, they look at the other parties and see how many votes they bring to the table.
But it would be nice if we would have more of them and in other cities as well
Everyone finds loops around them which results in them not being properly punished.
Idk, it's always rated very highly
That's why it needs to be killed on a national level, so we can all switch at the same time otherwise it'll never happen
If you need some sources of how big anti-semitisem is in muslims communities just say it.
” (a tree which has fallen) is correct
I only know the italian one (not the words though) and spanish one because of Moto GP
So true
They get the occasional mention in the news but that's it.
But ["kraj'"] did mean "the end" in proto-Slavic (and it still does in Serbo-Croatian languages).
Russian cyclist in a quarantine in Dubai only had his test positive 6th time he was tested
We have a very good education system that is true.
Paris, next to the Eifel tower.
In every article like this the manufacturers clain that the itema aren't "different quality" but "adjusted to the taste of that country" like how did they figure out that Eastern Europe prefers more augar and less nuts and in general cheaper ingredients?
>a breadcrumb and sugar mixture roasted in - ideally - clarified butter
Here are three pics that will also illustrate why the common usage of EE doesn't make any sense:
Good to know palačinke are a thing of the whole ex austro-hungary
edit: also 'hči' (daughter), 'pljuča' (lungs), 'dan' (day)...
Is it weird that I'm not sure if esteriotipes was being used ironically or seriously
But I did have the similar experience to OP's just not with English
So...how's the coverage of the work in the EU parlament big/detailed in your media (tv, radio,...).
But idk why you'd feel closer to someone just because they belong to the same language group.
It's still present in English in certain elements (both, neither,...), to be honest.
Next in excess is Dental laboratory prosthodontics (offer 15 spaces,
We, as in humans, really don't need all that much.
House pets are usually seen as family members.
**medved** (bear) - this is common Slavic as well
UK's is one of my favourites
+ Your money is deducted from salary regardless, you have no say which agency gets it
You misspelled Central Europe
That's a very interesting system
as damn then they did it to us.
However, I *have* thrown together a rudimentary [comparison of % of 'No' votes and number of books read per person in region in Turkey] and I see no significant correlation to confirm this hurr-durr-stupid-people-are-stupid circlejerk going on is at all justified
Or perhaps get both "gods" to appear and unambigiously tell them to chill out.
Medium city: 100k
Yeah statistical regions are just a paper thing, for counting people and stuf.
**hrepenenje** (desire) - comes from the word “krepeneti” (to become hard), which is related to “krepak” (strong)
They even cover their books and manga with paper so no one knows what they're reading on subway.
Subregion of Bela Krajina: They speak a funny dialect, almost Croatian, drunk farmers
Well I in generally support any independence demands of smaller nations, especially if they want it.
Dacic lobbying against further recognitions of Kosovo - -
Andrej Šifrer and Slavko Avsenik have gotten pretty popular abroad as well I think
But the biggest "atrocity" towards the German speaking minority was done not by the Slovenians, but by the leaders of the minority itself when they decided to follow Hitler, and move from their "homeland" of Gotchee (Kočevje) to Sotla region, which was forcefully "evacuated" by the invaders.
I'd say that I identify myself as a Slovene first, a Styrian second, a resident of Slovenia third (since my parents are all Slovene but come from Trieste and Klagenfurt)
Like with Yugoslavia
Im am in no way a fan of Merkel, but I still hate when I see "news" like that.
[Günther
They prefer paying fines the EU to using standard chargers
Half of Slovenia and Ljubljana is not part of it too.
Edit: also discrimination against jews isn't racism it's anti-Semitism
[Here] he is at the Atalant Olympics(1996) opening ceremony, still walking around, like he was 70 or younger.
They simply tied their hands, shoot them and bury them in ditches, caves
Hello there kindred spirit
Hopefully it will pass on national level as well.
Actually it would be quite ridicolous for such a small country like us to divide even further
Did he lay on that "big guy" to protect him or what?
Yeah, but does anyone who wouldn't have hated the people who died there otherwise hate them because of things like this tattoo?
From the bottom
They WERE terrorist attacks and there could have been many casulaties.
In Slovenian "Pir" is also used in informal talk
Reporting for duty
Austria, Hungary, Italy for sure, then France, maybe Russia
Sat down and waited for a long time for someone to come which they never did
Whilst your point about big cities having to look nice for tourists is true, I must say that I have never seen dirtier a city than Paris.
We have it only as optional class and I don't think that even all schools have it
Zato ker znam tut (sicer bol prblizn) hrvask in ce lahko tko napisem, v jeziku sogovorca, zakaj pa ne?
Pretty much every village has it's own dialect and it's almost impossible to get rid of the accent without a coach.
The fact that our politicians offered to host a Trump-Putin meeting has more to do with them wanting Slovenia to be a bridge between east and west and trying to create an international image.
Our hard liquor is called žganje or sometimes  šnops in colloquial Slovene
I don't think people hate with unexplainable reasons.
You kissin anyone later
That alone is grounds for punishment.
But that doesnt count since Turkey isent europe.
h/k - to
That and with modern Austria absolutely refusing to recognize what is left of their Slovene minority despite being constitutionally bound to so, I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of people are still upset with them
The main difference is that in most European countries it is extremely difficult to acquire a firearms with the purpose of self-defence and that is what most Americans are talking about when they say "guns are banned". I'm sure, however, that many uninformed believe a total ban is in place and that a civilian can't obtain anything more than a slingshot
They're actually very short compared to most rifles.
well taking in account average life expectancy in russian federation for males today it's just 64.7 years by[WHO]#List_by_the_World_Health_Organization_.282015.29)
You wanted to be the Prussia of the Balkans and...
Yes, cigarette littering is an issue, but drunk people driving is an issue aswell
Bread with cold cuts, cheese, sometimes with tomato and bell peppers.
I'd be willing to learn a language of course obviously.
Then for some time beagles were very popular.
People still drink and drive, thinking they're okay to drive but then cause accidents
So yeah
Unsettling shit
Driving in slovenia means ro drive at leas 10k/h mlre than the limit.
After 2nd grade (age 9), there was a "swimming school" sort of thing, which was not mandatory, but most everyone did go.
I must say, I prefer englis humor to the french.
Nah they were only angry for the truck trafic being stopped for a while, as long as trucks can pass its all good.
We went to Croatia and I remember that we completely unexpectedly came across a family from the same village as us, back home.
Parents don't take time to teach kids computer skills because they themselves don't  know how or just seat them in front of the TV
Nonantola F
We are not that smart in Slovenia.
I agree with you
Why should people have the power to prevent marriage between two consenting adults
Eh, we have farmers who like to shit on us "city folk" and talk how better they are then people who live in cities and how stuck up people in cities are
Kranjska kobasica =/= Kranjska klobasa
Politicians said yes, but the people said no.
I mean you might mention also Idrija then with it's mine.
And my uterus is completely healthy.
but most people just pay them because they're old and used to it
Brave
I'd rather unite with Slovakia and become Slovenkia with them and end the name confusion once and for all
But culturally, they have much more in common with central europe, akin to other West Slavic nations
In če bi prebrala drugo linijo komentarjev, bi vedela.
Apart from that, the only dangerous animal is the bear but even they just mind their own business if you're just a bit careful
Nothing against Croatia but is unfair having a 50% stake and have nothing but gains
Prekmurje - jokes about how nobody understands their dialect
Can you stop with the westerners bla bla bla.
I've always associated cheers with Australian English in the Cheers mate/Steve Irwin way
neighbours hear a drunk husband beating his wife and don't say or inform anyone.
Hell, I'd say French involvement was decisive for the Allied Victory on the Western Front
George miraculously appeared on a white horse and killed the dragon with a sword
Wouldn't be surprised, with how easily Italians switch sides...
Sarajevo and Mostar are both incredible cities
That's just because Turkey's national goal seems to be to make sure every tourist gains like 10 kilograms / week there
Rifai, Secretary-General of the UNWTO: “The new tourism strategy will definitely make Slovenia a five star destination”
Maybe not exactly what you have in mind, but I have in nice memory a part of road somewhere between Genoa and Nice or could be even farther from Nice towards west, but I think most of what I have in mind was in Italy.
(German highways are free, in Croatia and Serbia toll is collected on the roads)
We're a small country with large neighbours on 3 out of 4 sides, the closer you come to any border the larger the similarities.
you mean the middle eastern or inter-european ones?
My boy Janša reading out the super chat I see
Same here, it’s either working in McDonald’s or stocking shelves in Mercator (the largest Slovene supermarket chain)
Pffft, you were not even considered sub-human, I'll raise your 2 invasions with a slight genocide from all 4 sides surrounding us.
Are Danes, Norwegians and Swedes.
You have Europe's support, Scotland
HAHA
Do you know why we have International Women's day?
I was answering to your question if we have something similair in our country.
If that little tool (:p) you posted is used for woodwork
AFAIK it's pretty easy to get a licence for a rifle here, *if you're a licensed hunter*, the hunter licence is not easy to get
I know there's very little chance of anything happening while I'm there or me being at a place of terror attack, but I just don't want to risk it.
I'll give it to MIT and such...
NATO already sent SAMs to Turkey when Turkey was attacking Syria
Just the day before yesterday I have been watching [this] documentary from BBC about them.
Dva volka / Dva volkova (both means two wolves, both are used to my knowledge)
Pretty much no
Please, do tell us more about these (sometimes) free meals O_O This is so very uniquely Slovenian, I can't imagine this in a other country!
So you're saying everyone wins
My dad has a chronic illness and I don't want my mum to be bringing viruses to him, so naturally I got dressed and went to buy a damn hose
Jesenice, Velenje (although they're doing a lot to make it nicer), Nova Gorica
We have a border dispute with Croatia, but that does not represent a threat
Its realpolitik, eu is doing what is in the interest of the eu.
Is going into the EU a popular option?
Here ID is a bit cheaper and before Brexit we could even go to UK without passport
over here we are "sexing"
There are also some idiots that founded the [“Styrian Ward”]
By far the best decision in a while, fuck apple
gdp is very low in albania by european standards
To be honest, I am sometimes relieved that almost nobody outside of Slovenia speaks Slovene, as our politics are sometimes even on a lower level than those in the US
Everything seems so *simple* here - no complications.
Even the Canadians don't like it.
Especially little kids in snow or rain boots
Edit: found out we have a limit at used characters
I commented here before, but I deleted the answer coz I wasn't sure.
That might be the case of your nation.
Nope, but some of my family are.
I speak Slovene, Italian, English and Croatian a bit, but still see French and German as huge lacunae in my skills
I start to suspect foul play from you guys
Romanians have slavic influence and it's heard in their language
I also have very good experience with Italians, but I think most don't agree with that.
Portuguese is either Spanish people trying to speak Polish or Polish people trying to speak Spanish
Yeah afaik languages and dialects still have no support in France or at least aren't nearly as supported as in other countries in Europe
Common folk don't benefit from it and it only invites chaos and challengers
They don't teach us this in school
We use 2nd person plural to adress politely/formaly.
He seems to be the only oone of the candidates (from my observations) that isn't afraid of speaking out.
Italians have never trusted their government, and what little good will there was evaporated after Tangentopoli.
drunk lady; just to yell at us about how she hates corrupt EU establishment.
Understandable if it were only up to a few individuals in government and education to enforce the language, but what puzzles me is the lack of initiative from the general populace
And, of course I find also the Balkans very interesting, being the part of Europe that was an intermediate between the Middle east and continental Europe
Nowadays not a German in sight.
Slovenia is officialy a unitary state and it has no administrative divisions.
Vicious cycles are always a good thing.
What is the battlefield like
I still think that much too many excellent things for communism were dismantled (especially the healthcare insurance system, the urban planning system and housing system), but we actually did retain a solid social security system all over this period
lucky fuck
P.S: Poland, you do realize that this makes you look like the most retarded country in the EU
However, to get the new technology to mature and to actually build plants with that technology it would take decades
Wwbsite:
Slovenia; each Friday - yesterday marked the 13th protest
And sometimes we mix it up, and use a regional word - Hosta and Podhosta
There are no physical limitations on ebooks.
But I think they're too busy hating on Croats and Serbs (also vice-versa) to hate on themselves
Our bureaucracy is complex and works slowly, so that old lady will be buried before anything is done about the splashing.
Sem - I have
Ok, enough Reddit for today
using "s" (with) incorrectly when there should be a "z" .  ex: grem s dvema prijateljicama (im going with two friends)
It looks [something like this] Also, this explains [why our goalkeepers are so good]
But every ruling party that started to deal with the mess fell apart in a matter of months, literally
What's the original in latin script?
Umm, I didn't know Slovenians are supposed to be tall
there are only 300 countriesin the entire world.
In daily life not so much for example you don't need to bribe a doctor to get a proper service in a hospital
It's not like it's hard to blend in...
Listening to how amazing Bled is over and over again gets boring.
War novel
Well, in Slovenia after the breakup of Yigoslavia we adopted capitalism, but our early governments took a very gradualist approach to the transition
Swimming lessons are mandatory in school.
Our school system is one of the best in the world.
With fireworks specifically we only celebrate New Year, but we celebrate Easter with "Pokanje", which just means "banging" or "popping". It's usually done with carbide
I remember when the Austrians did something similar when we needed help with ice rain a couple of years back
You mean 1914 or something else
I have been looking at it ever since Brexit
Apparently you never heard Hungarian.
It's a shame since in the end it's a place with honest working people, but making bad choices and blaming Ljubljana for all their woes
He's one of very few actors who's films I know I will always
ex: danes me nebo (i wont be back today)
Yeah, but I've noticed more women (usually 30-60 years old) who wear tshirts with cringey overused quotes like 'live laugh love' and shit like that
So yeah I'm fine with it
So you're saying everyone wins
First referendum: "Do you want to have another referendum about UK leaving EU
To me this is pissing on the graves of those young men
There's a Mexican restaurant or something at the bottom of the house
I don't know how accurate this is for the rest of the countries, but for Slovenia it's very wrong.
However particle words what I call them, yes (aka words that serve grammar like preposition or other)
I mean in terms of nationalism, xenophobia, populism and all those things.
Austria has "temporarily" suspended the Schengen regime on its border with Slovenia in 2015
Probably also Kdor ne skače ni Slovenc
Or you just have more words
It was a great moment for the Soviet Union and a great moment for humanity
Easy, Croatia
It makes travell next to impossible when you have to sit every 200km for 1h and recharge.
And if you do not like something CHANGE IT.
Ti misliš, da se za tistih pet kvadratov splača it v vojno?
Posral se bom po tebi da se boš v mojem dreki vtopo
Same
This friend of mine is a registered nurse, as is 3/4 of their population, but now she has a beauty salon where they do skin whitening, botox and stuf like that
A Nato official said the alliance’s navies have been monitoring the Russian fleet in recent weeks in a “measured and responsible way, as is customary”.
"Kdo se boji črnega moža?" I always imagined this black man as some kind of boogey man and not like actual black person
Italy has ferries for trains for going to Sicaly
You are either in or you are out.
Could just be a cultural thing, I'm not sure how this data was collected
Lmao
It's true though - many people are nostalgic about Yugoslavie, but they do know it had it's (many) faults
This included the shutting down of educational facilities in Slavic languages, forced italianization of citizen's names, and the brutal persecution of protests to such a situation.
Because scooter is a popular gift.
That is not what the comic says?
Our country (Slovenia) is shaped like a chicken.
Very industrialized city
I may watch something if a national team plays.
So many memes go over my head ;\_;
and do woman change their surname if they marry
Apart from Ford, American cars are just generally not adapted to European consumers.
I mean if you already paid why would you not take it with you
[Ansambel Lojzeta Slaka - Studenček]
(this is mostly for people outside Slovenia to get the difference)
Just produce it of a cheeper metal, like aluminium.
When Samsung, HTC & Co
Croatian has something different (that is, an alternative plural form for lower numbers), whereas Slovene has a distinct form for exactly 2 of something
The last execution was in 1959 and the last death sentence was given in 1980 (to the infamous serial killer Metod Trobec) but was later changed to prison time
In the higher grades everybody has  [those]
Religion is just briefly mentioned in ethics class in 8th or 7th (I'm not sure) grade
Some of them committed war crimes.
That is the single most gear-grinding thing EVER
While on the east, agricultural, manufacture and labor intensive
Yes and for Greece it's easy to do since in doesn't border any Schengen country
Needs more surströmming
You're thinking of assimilation.
" Sounds less funny when translated, but the whole crew was cry-laughing
My girlfriend says they have those snails in kindergartens here as well
But kids still jump and play and roll on the ground inside
Also in comparison with Croatia we talk more about sex education in our schools.
Where is it
I'm assuming you're trying to turn it into a Scottish flag, but in that case you'd have to remove the horizontal ones
On paper only
Wasnt there a bit to mage russian the second offitial language but Estonia refuzed to alowe the 25% of the countrie population its minorety rights as promoted by EU law?
No problem mate we always get confused with Slovakia and this time it was Russia :D
Its a bunch of old tanks parked in some town.
and students from Maribor who don’t know how and where to park
Portland because I hear good things about it.
We use quite a number of these as well, but the obvious difference is superga (after Superga, I think they are an Italian brand) for sneaker
But usually you use "da" in very formal ways, or in the army...
Auch a policy would be great for EU
Older people will more likely speak german, and less likely to speak english, while the younger population will almost certainly speak english as it it learned from the age of 6 now
Again
MiG-29 would have a hard time spotting and engaging the F-117, even with all the clever tricks the air force had.
I wouldn't say I'd ever be angry but it does sound a bit weird when an American boasts about being Irish, German, Slovene or any other ethnicity because their idea of "old world" culture is really just a snapshot, they don't speak the language and probably can't even pronounce their surname the way it's supposed to be pronounced.
Met my SO there
It's not intrinsically connected to Islam.
Haven't heard that one before
there should be some system to give both sides more individual assistance in order to help them either out of the slump or keep them interested.
Still haunts me
That's the original one
One of the money laundering capitals of the world
And have an eversion to Bulgaria for some reason.
Here in Slovenia, it has happened before that hooligans from Ljubljana intentionally scratched cars with plates from Marbor(and the other way around)
On the other hand if you're just "slightly" xenophobic and against immigrants, chances are you'll find people who'll agree with you almost anywhere in Slovenia.
You have a 70+% turnout
No, I'm talking about Cerknica lake
I mean, just how common is this O_o
Kje si
Sastamala F
Well the only place I could find frozen snails here in Slovenia was the Leclerc store.
One class period is 45 minutes with a 5 minute break
For what it's worth I regularly go for coffee and baklava at their restaurant, does that count?
I mean, not feeling strongly as in having violent outbursts or wishes to invade ...
What
Is she on LSD
I also bought lots of 20-25€ tickets from Venice/Salzburg to Trondheim.
So many couples want a baby, but can't have one for biological reasons.
Croatians have the experience of being Austrian/Hungarian/Venetian frontier province; Serbs and especially Montenegrins, of being a stubborn rebellious province with a tradition of statehood; Bosniaks, of being the privileged class in the Ottoman Empire.
I mean, unemployment was 10% when he took office and is 5% now, so for you to be correct reality must clearly be wrong.
That's the general word for railroad
Japanese and Korean dramas haven't reached our TV's yet and South America produces soap operas.
Anti-social behavior isn't always pathological.
Try-hard cringe said in Steyermark accent
Best outcome would be if UK stays in the union
I wholeheartedly agree with this sentiment, sounds like a great film
What are you talking about (forgive me for living under a rock).
I see he's taking a picture with a group of Portu-gals
There could be as many reasons as there are people, and also which people you mean?
The fascist portrayal is from our mostly left media that can still stirring up antifascist sentiment in the people from the left of the yugonostalgia
Shit, when we talk about Graz we might as well be talking about New York
If it is, you need to inform them when buying a Slovene [vignette] because you need a different vignette in that case.
They are far more passive and I usually see them when going home from school
Well, I giggled, so I guess it works
I guess that comes down to different definitions of nationalism, which there are too many of.
I've seen both ultra conservatives and folk that would make Stalin look like an anarchist.
Not that I oppose but would be a great mistake for them.
Nobody speaks it as a first language - everyone in Slovenia has their dialect/regional language as the first language and some of those are more different from Slovenian than e.g. Croatian is - and it's a living language, unlike e.g. Latin
[META] What will happen to this subreddit if European Union falls apart?
Actually, it's simple causality.
Did they flee to Canada
which word
And towards Germany still having a horrible emissions per capita ratio from power generation, because you gotta back up sun and wind
Here something being a hunter's whatever just means there's mushrooms in the sauce so here's out [lovski zrezek]
Na Golici by Ansambel bratov Avsenik
Ampak zakaj prevajamo imena, sej ne recemo jonov sin ampak jonson
Nope, I guess they respect themselves well enough.
Like "Lost" is "Izgubljeni otok" which in singles is "Lost Island". This comes on the top of my head
Finding CP's on a map, night time orienteering
have you came across them on the internet?
Tina is a normal name and "Vzorec" means sample
Also a country that has a suppression of regions written in its constitution shouldn't be considered democratic at all
pobalin (hard to explain, troublemaker
A lot of time
It's like Como, but much less expensive, and in my opinion a lot more charming
Y'all aren't used to losing
Southern part of Slovenia has most of our bear population so it is a little dangerous walking in forests especialy in mating season or when cubs are young
Maybe you know it better then me.
You guys have legitimate grievances with Russia, I'm not denying that
Zdravo, jst sm Erazem Lipovina
It really depends on the metric
Besides UK music, I like Zucchero from Italy.
Only kids animated movies get dubbed.
It means whatever the fuck the author think it means lol.
Well theres that whole communism-yugoslavia thing
If that counts
I don't know, I'm under impression countries decide these regions by themselves
I'm no expert either, that's how we were taught in highschool.
I usually go with tounge twisters, because then our language sounds very hard to learn (which it actually is) and it gives them a perspective of how it sounds
I hope Uber gets banned from EU.
I hope it happens soon also for the sake of us
Source: studying the early middle ages, slavic migration and shit like that
But do not dispare, more and more cpuntries are saying "fuck you America"
And that is 1794 years too late
Do you know what exploded
They blpck roads normaly, not reguarding terrorism.
I don't want some cheap stuff
I don't know whether to upvote this or not but I upvoted for all the lovely years you had together.
I liked her before, but her handling of refugee/migrant crisis disappointed me.
We do refer to grandparents as *stari starši* (old parents)
Do you seriously think that Germany will take the mantle of the heaviest opposition to Putin?
Ticks for sure
*Warning: I am learning about ETFs and I might be completely wrong.*
Even the emperor had to be crowend king of Koroška by our free pesants.
The average Slovene probably knows Dracula, wonders why there are so many vans with Romanian license plates crossing Slovenia all the time, and I'm pretty sure it stops there
because I'm 30 and only developers have similar paychecks from the people I know
I can't remember when I last saw one, though.
Seems to me as essential Yugo core
I mean who would abort a 39 week old fetus?
It may not seem bad to you but to us it was horrendous
I never argued that it's not common opinion that some countries are called EE
There really isn't any
Well, we have a church on an island
And temperatures are also colder this time around in Autumn
I agree this would be nice, but it wouldn't work
Russia is just one side of a two-sided blood stained coin
It's how the British write it down.
Are you questioning our Slavicness?
> the vast majority of people in the UK are quite frankly rubbish at Grammar
Ironically, here it was the opposite, more the parties leaned to right-wing and catholic, more they were neo-liberal
It's a holiday in preparation for pust (slavic carneval) which celebrates the end of winter and the coming of spring
Dejstvo, da njihovega obstoja nismo zatrli že v kali kaže na nesposobnost naše družbe da se upre tovrstnim izrojencem.
Sorry
Sorbian is in its own branch I think.
Ah, sorry I missinterpreted your comment
I'd call it as Mercator/Spar - Aldi(Hofer) - Lidl - Eurospin
Seeing Milky way with bare eyes is no real achievment
With no clear document to reference as the constitution.
Serbia tried to ethnically cleanse Albanians from the region.
Movie Blades of Glory was translated into Drkajva skupaj
From 6 trains (4 were intercity, 2 were regional) that I took with CFR only two were delayed for 20 minutes
People that live close to the border also tend to speak that language, so Italian, German, or Hungarian
And apparently they built loads of bridges there, as there are at least three bridges all named Napoleon's bridge
The mainstream moderates were quite happy with death squads back then too.
I suspect he has ASD with dyslexia as a comorbid disorder.
I even hope I'm wrong, though it would surprise me.
Finaly someone taking car of that.
At first it seemed slightly off, but I find it normal now
Apparently there were 1110 legal abortions in Poland in 2019
Well the Cockta in Slovenia is marketed as original nowadays
We are doing the same at our health centers (not welding, but locking) so we can screen / triage incoming patients so no-one with simptoms can get into "healhty" parts of the building
Apart from that, some German would come in handy (my reason for picking French in middle school was honestly dumb and I just don't go skiing there often enough to keep it in shape), and I could use Croatian enough to become fluent in it
Yugoslavia was to the west of Iron Curtain.
Dunno, man
However, we also have a Constitutional Court that deals with constitutional matters and there are 9 justices that are elected for a 9 year term
Can relate
Yes, quite a lot of it
We learn about geography of the world and we also need to know where some country or some river is on the map (especially for Europe).
Dammit, i really like mustangs.
Been envious of my neighbours
The reaction was fucking scary.
Is a Dane some other word for a duck in english
they scamed some poor people into huge debts.
80€
Some of our cycling paths are in worse condition than our roads, so no wonder no one likes to use bicycle every day.
In Slovenia, the floor at street level is called 'pritličje' and it means 'floor on the ground'. 1st floor is upstairs from that
It's just another type of meat here.
Austria, Hungary, Italy for sure, then France, maybe Russia
I think of Italian Alpine ski team, like Dominik Paris, Manfred Mölgg, Verena Stuffer, Peter Fill, Christof Innerhofer, Denise Karbon...
Another name that is commonly used in card samples is Janez Novak
What's new is that it's made completely equal with a regular marriage, including the right to a (civil) wedding.
> And who pays for it
If I may ask
One weekend of sledging only so far.
Styrians and Carinthians speak (to varying degrees) German
Just had this for lunch yesterday.
How appropriate for this thread
Jeah, and Poland is Central Europe, as is Czekia and Hungary...
I have driven a Jeep, a Audi, and a Mazda.
We dont have any upcoming elections but its the same here
Subregion of Zasavje: Poor, miserable, they swear the most
Man i miss home
What's so stupid about it
... ok
Currently in the national assembly:
I think Lars would work
apart from having way to many suicides and alcoholics
I never encountered that in Slovenia.
Hungary is a frying pan during the summer.
Danish decision bodes well for Serbia
Yes, it is
Taborniki (campers) and Skavti (scouts) were pretty popular in my youth
Tons of food that's so common we don't consider it foreign anymore.
I'm more afraid of of weird and ineffective "corona rules" that are taking place since new laws are made overnight and are getting weirder and weirder
All of what you noted here we learn
Flash estimates for GDP growth in 4Q by country in EU
I don't think we have any that would be typical ours, they're all "stolen". The two most common would have to be Burek and Kebab
Peronaly I can understand Slovak and south slavic just enough so I can travel but, can't hold any meanungfull conversation
Italian food is the most widespread food here.
Concrete clickbait: next time you share a spomenik photo, think about what it means [x post r/Yugoslavia]
Also I have never heard about any Hungarian influences on the Slovene language
I think people from Ljubljana hate other people from Ljubljana
And for everyones knowladge northern slovenia geographicly isnt balkans
No, I'm pretty sure Potica is exclusively Slovene.
Then we give pumpkin seed oil
There should be a disclaimer* in the sidebar for everyone to ignore this guy.
-ič is not that common
(Russia being the most proactive of those)
Where they are in conflict weaker ones pretend they are not in conflict
Kje so ti iz
P.S.: I hate snow
Honestly, you Austrians got most of your modern state from the Slovenes
Also very common are Czech or Slovakian films
No matter who I met in life (or served since I worked in the service industry mostly) I gave them the same level of respect
(But Trieste is still ours, eh)
Eastern part in Slovenia has traditional potato žganci, called dödoli.
Ljubljana is also very similar to cities like Graz, Vienna and Prague
I work in an auto body shop, I paint cars and various bullshit, morning commute takes half an hour at best (worst).
But some od the great inventions are:
So basically you need passport only if you travel out of Europe or in Belarus, Ukraine, Russia Turkey, Moldova or in Caucasus
Yes, of course
Slavic cultures aren’t western
A similar one I've heard is:
It doesn't necessarily mean not having a roof over your head.
I have a privilege of living in small town/village so I buy both of them from local farmer and store them in the fridge
In case anyone's curious, see below
Except maybe tomato sauce, we buy that.
I've always wondered why they have them on the shelves outside of fridge in the stores-maybe that's where the rep comes from
Maribor - Ljubljana isn't bad either.
Our hard liquor is called žganje or sometimes  šnops in colloquial Slovene
you mean like Slovenia made somekind of terrorist act on yugoslavia,
We get around 20 days of temperatures over 30°C.
Nice: 12-17
Which is appalling, given that it's *everywhere* in a 5 km radius from Trieste.
000€ per month in exchange to fuck with the healthcare system would you do it
For the same reason why Germany and America hid and protected Croatian fascists and terrorists: he was anti-communist.
These two last regions have bad roads and even worse railways, no highways (except south part of primorska) and are mostly very mountainous and have low population density
Nationalism is not about feeling superior, it is a feeling of pride and belonging to one's nation.
Because having the Nazis win would've been the same result except with Germany in charge, which would arguably have been even worse
A potem imajo tudi v drugih državah 'kmetavze' in 'frajerje', ki dirkajo in se pretepajo vse poprek
But there is not potato in it, only rock.
Slovenian as such is basically the lingua franca of Slovenia
Years ago when you thought of homeless people you thought of middle aged drunk men, foreigners, druggies or those who just decided for this lifestyle.
It is, however, mandatory
In fact, a lot of my friends also use old rusty bikes without gears since new shiny bikes are frequently stolen
My point is: Who are the Bulgarians who stayed in Bulgaria?
Idk if it was Nazis, but someone also planned to build a bridge over the lake to the island.
Oh right nobody cares thx bye
It is depicted so well in the comic.
Yes I do and you can see this "European culture" in threads where we wonder why Americans do certain things and where Americans wonder why we do certain things
In - > an - > and
I mean it would probably do good with only that as well but it would be silly to miss an opportunity to offer some new food.
The rule of law does that
Yes
Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Serbia, Montenegro, Austria, Hungary, Italy, Switzerland, Czech republic, Poland, Liechtenstein, Belgium, Netherlands, Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Norway.
Slovenians are south slaws mixed with "Moravian" slavs.
That is as much a speculation on your part as it is on the part of the people who think it was done for racist reasons.
We tend to say "Nekje Bogu za hrbtom", which means "Somewhere behind God's back".
It's a drinking song
There is a reason they are banned.
Of course they have distinct words/phrases
Talking about Hungarians in southern Slovakia
Just so you can get a hint on what kind of a president he is:
Ach Berlin
So you really get a variety of people.
Idared, Jonagold, Granny smith, Braeburn, Cripps pink (Pink lady) and Fuji are almost always available and others rotate around
Not at all relevant to this conversation.
Right next to a highway as soon as you cross the border.
> We're freaking tall
That's true, but the point is that their point not really existing usually doesn't stop believers in whatever
Would also love to see Pula or so
You have to add Dalmatia and Istria as well
It's relative, it depends on wind and humidity
Just finnished my orgasm
If this wa in Slovenia they would have been rounded up by MP and frown in jail.
Hence me putting it forward =)
I feel honored at your belief in my ability to remember details of an event in a mixed group of exchange students :D
But this graph is a huge BS as it shows our production as 0,0.
The guns documentation however does not.
In cities they mostly use other sources I think
For male teachers we used "tovariš" which means "comrade".
Amazing
However, nobody speaks this "variant" outside of very formal situations, be it speeches or the news
Trees are good
If I could live withouth working, some Greek Island.
Entente wounded German pride but failed to crush German spirit.
I think 7th
But there's also [Guillermo del Toro] one that's supposedly comming in 2021
What's the deal with Singapore
Drownings of foreigners in Ljubljanica would sky rocket.
Also like that 6
There's this for Teran and Piran!
Movie Blades of Glory was translated into Drkajva skupaj
That is how every facsist regime started
Wait drkati also means to slide on ice
Slovenes are outdoor people so they are also into picking musrooms and other things that grow in forests and in the meadows
> balkancountry
NATO went to war because France got a small dick complex and wanted "military glory". And Libyan gold
Sorry that this doesn't really answer your question
That's rich coming from an American.
Lada overall was also pretty popular
In Slovenian a river is Reka and we have a river named Reka so we have "reka Reka". Then Castle is Grad and we have a Castle named Grad that is in town named Grad that is in municipality named named Grad so we have a Castle named Castle that is in a town named Castle that is in a municipality named Castle
It takes ages, now imagine you are on a 2 lane road and have to owertake with trafic coming the other way
all the slav countries had some kind of sheepskin costume traditions before and after winter
Anywhere where there is power and lack of control, shitty people will pop up and do shitty things
You can have only one installed.
Nothing more functional than that when hiking.
Yes, bicycle theft is probably the most common kind of crime in Ljubljana
WW3 is coming anyways :(
That we're part of the Balkans, probably
The nobleman was so grateful to his daughter’s savior that he had the Church of St
Yup, was there 2 years ago
I mean, he is annoying and all, but can't they just ignore him?
What's the best food, drink or practice your country adopted from your **colonies**?
No ,exclusion of muslims causes terrorists.
It became known as Konjice
Well, IDK
This must me the correct way
It's the same recipe as OP's.
there is nothing to discuss, fairy tales will be fairy tales.No matter how hard we wish they were true.
To prepare for a [matura dance]
Our parents, although mostly well-intentioned, still tend to think in the terms of the boss always being right and the state being exclusively responsible for providing work and driving economy forward.
Again not all discrimination is racism but all racism is discrimintaion
Anche rap è più facile scrivere in italiano che in inglese, e direi anche che si sente meglio.
Which was in 1914 not 1912
i assume because we sent a transvestite group of singers to our first eurovision
Lmao we also called him Torbar at one point
Slovenia and Egipt are traditional friends.
How many of you know what Germany is doing to tha Balkans to keep up the sharade of them relying on unreliable power aources
I have no idea what we did to Sacha Baron Cohen, that he hates us so much, but
Remember this shit, people
You were gonna block be on a basis of different opinion?
It is
I'm from a small town in Slovenia, Hrastnik.
Pensala F
I'm all for it, I love Europe and people who live here, but there isn't nearly enough people who think this way
Now we can start raisning the money for the next one.
But everyone just uses formal Slovene to talk to each other and it works fine
There is even a well known tradition that the groom must carry the bride from the shore up about a hundred steps to the church.
Filling out forms and things like that, you just use the regular text, but cursive is faster when you need it.
I get what you're saying, but hijabs technically aren't clerical vestments (what priests wear), they're just traditional.
Sorry, would you mind explaining your last sentence?
We had two "classic" fountains in my primary school, and a bunch of dispensers in high school.
They started the same way, gunboat diplomacy, unequal treaties and such, but once Meiji era kicked off they just kinda gave up.
I'm curious - how do Slovaks view Slovenians
Very in-depth objective analysis.
In Slovenia not very common, I guess.
When it comes to day to day interactions to most it doesn't matter what you look like or where you come from
>used exclusively in sexual context
They can get a civil union here.
Drywall is bought and deliverd by whoever you hire to fix/build stuff for you
It was already too late a hundred years ago.
Hot: 25<
When I speak literal Slovene I have a different accent than someone from a different part of the country.
Serbians and Bosnians are the ones to worry about when stirring things up
Driving through those crossings after Schengen it was weird seeing those buildings empty
It wasn't until the peasants rebelled that they were forced to give it up and now they are constantly annoyed by the noise of aircrafts flying overhead
In slovenia we have a town named Novo Mesto (new city)
[this little tourist info center] got some international award
druga Švica
How can be building something like that considered as "low effort" in your eyes?
About ethnic Austrians in Lower Styria, they got expelled after WW2 because of anti-german policy.
That should get anyone straight-up deported, following a massive fine
Or the entire Gorenje complex, or the Rogaska glassworks, or all the companies that make auto parts for export or the pharma companies, Litostroy, Kolektor, Sava...
Also Im not sure if Radler counts since it can have a small percentage of alcohol
Let's just pay a fine and be done with it.
000 people living here at its peak and when the mines and industries closed soon after the fall of communism a lot of the factories were left abandoned one of the biggest ones being demolished not long ago
Because it is ilegal to cross the road when the red light is on.
Based on my stereotypes about Iceland, I assume it's because most of the island is a god forsaken uninhabited mountainous wasteland with no decent roads.
OC picture moreš dat, če je tvoja, drugače ti bojo zbrisal
That's fine, because the kclj is your burn unit
Crazy
Damn hungary kilin it
It looks like Tyrolean Hound but on shorter legs.
And punish us, EU members, who did nothing wrong.
Their teenage life was relatively similar to mine.
More like get Triest, am I right boys?
Now now, don't change the rules honey, you first said with useles answers.
I earn around 1450 EUR/month after tax
No I'm saying r/Europe is liberal, which is not left wing
What on Earth are you on about?
Europe + Russia aren't exactly some 3rd world country you can steamroll even now where Europe is pretty much asleep militarily
Idk what happened, but we didn't get it at the end.
Fresh milk is always in the fridge
I abandoned my apartment temporarily and headed into forest with a book.
I'd recommend that you contact some embassies and see where resettling would be the easiest and make most sense to you.
It also depends on the part of the country.
Sounds like a school trip nobody wanted to go in middle school lmao i hope you weren't late for some appointment or family time
Seriously
Just specify you're asking about UK or go to the UK subreddit.
Much like other cars (trabant, škoda)
Most of our schools don't have mascots.
) and worldwide (Atlantic Charter, Casablanca, Tehran, Yalta, Potsdam
They look and taste disgusting and I don't know why people like them
Get me a whole grain bread, or maybe some dumplings or [baked potatoes] as a side dish and I'm a happy man
They are probably 3rd largest in elections consistently and always find a place in the coalition - left, right, black, white, red?
While it's very clear that there's only one thing that can reverse this trend and save our welfare states, I doubt much people would be willing to do it.
No parent talking here either
Recent thing about transgenders and toilets.
I think he is implying the "surrender monkey" joke.
Wait, no, that's already taken
Yes, absolutely possible for Liechtenstein.
That multiculturalism has been tried and is actively failing in front of our eyes.
You're diminishing all the cultural aspects of all European cultures and making them all the same
That place is shady, to say it nicely.
The vast majority went to the USA (~250,000), some 50,000 to Germany, and the rest in France, UK, Austria proper, Brazil, Argentina, etc
> in a union someone has to be the strongest member
And if the kids were naughty, they get a twig from parkeljni.
War novel
I've never seen anyone make a distinction between Austrians and Germans, when using such phraseology, TBH
Writing it down in another Slavic language it'd look like: Brenčiščikijevič, which probably still looks crazy to nonSlavs but has like only 2/3rds of the letters
I would say stray cats are more common but more in the countryside
If you are not home they re-deliver on another date or take it to the collection office (like a gas station)
Why is Notranjska less developed
Turns out that's pretty damn hard so we became slavic Germany instead
Fun fact: The manager of the team whose player was abused was fired from a Slovenian football club nearly a year ago because of racist slurs after he was recorded saying: "Gledaj idiota crnog!" (You black idiot!) because the player in question celebrated a goal even though his team wasn't winning.
Yes, absolutely
I have trouble seeing what the issue here is.
No one has that stereotype about us except ourselves.
of august) and I need a little help from people who've been there.
Just like NI, Scotland, and Wales are commonly England
I'm from Ljubljana and we always did it the way I described all over the city.
Those included boys and girls since socialism did a lot for women equality
81 - 6
In western slovenia we have: "Italijani napadajo/prihajajo
Mostly
This
Wow, sounds like 10 day war in Slovenia when Slovenians brutally attacked Serbs.
In slovenia he is treated as a hero I'd say, but is a thing of debate
People that live close to the border also tend to speak that language, so Italian, German, or Hungarian
When you don't have a mask and must think outside the box
so you get a weird answer : open Google Street view and start looking around.
Most of my friends have similar paychecks and their boyfriends too (some even play football in Austria after work and that means around 1000 EUR extra money a month)
We have [Kranj] And we have [Peca] - not city.
Those are usually found in our forests.
Where Slovenia, Austria and Italy meet
I can't even believe I'm able to admit it
is a more basic skill than reading
r/nottheonion would enjoy this.
They are a terror organisation and 🇪🇺 members should have no part in it.
Edit: not in Slovenia tho
We will help you get back Rijeka in exchange for Trieste (Trst)
Yeah, most of the people say Gradec although Graz is also used, especially in Eastern Slovenia
I think Lars would work
No, whenever possible i use software in Slovenian.
- četrta srednja sklanjatev (Krško, -ega)
Just try not to make it into [local headlines]
You are not retarded
also pretending it's the patriotic thing to do, are you not a patriot?!
In rural areas it's a lot more common
Here it's Bosnia traditionally (Mujo and Haso jokes) then other ex-yugo countries, germans and italians with a rare joke about hungary or poland thrown in.
Scounts are a christian thing
No dialects are allowed when conducting official business
Literally no one speaks slovene outside slovenia, bar some minorities sprinkled around the world
We have people in that space
It was a jab at his constant use of 'ethnic Estonian' if you can't tell.
Many of the Carinthian surnames you’ve mentioned are common in Slovenia but spelled differently
*insert hysterical laughter here*
There were some more events after that, which further more ensure Frankish grasp on this lands, but I would say this one was the most important one.
He has gold hair and gold arms and was born with horse ears.
China didn't break up Yugolavia.
6 stolov
It would depend on what gets classified as a "terrorist attack".
Obalno-kraška
We do not have 4m of snow in Slovenia
Ideally, nobody would fear the EU because we'd use military might to crush them
Bank management can make bad businesses decisions and get away with it, because the government safety net is always there for them.
A movie was based upon [it]
No, we don't even have any bad neighbourhoods in our cities.
It's "funny" how they didn't even try to hide that Qatar WC was bought
If I recall correctly, and I might be mistaken on this one, the European solution was supposed to be quotas.
Haha, my old part-time job we had a semi-ironic nazi and weapons collector who was the butt-end of the jokes most of the time, he surprisingly laughed with us most of the time
Where are you at
We have more than 850 endemisms.
It may not seem so, but it has a very pessimistic perspective.
Yup, se strinjam s tem
So everyone's suggesting their country, I might as well throw Slovenia in.
Éljen Magyarország, you poppy roll munching, weird talking flatland gazda's!
I guess a topping specific to Slovenia would be [Savinjski želodec]
Some places (I think Washington D.C.
I just write Czech R. Shortened version makes me shiver
Italy
I know two religious young people.
For example, current Croatian president (who is already extremely unpopular) won because of diaspora votes.
In this way the Slavic population basically lost their own nobility and never again regained it.
But all the houses were nice and all was beautiful
I would deffinatly take arms myselfif my country were to be atacked by the Croats or the filthy Germans/Italians/Hungarians.
Imagine if Yugoslavia got Trieste
English stags need to be banned in Europe
Probably [Velenje] it’s full of work immigrants from the Balkans and they usually speak very poor Slovene
Oof
[Žolca]
a whole lot of spying without a court warrant
There are muslims in Syria too, but you still have churches there.
we already have an exclusive voice because there is no common policy regarding immigration/refugees ( only the dublin agreement with asylum).
Please tell me "bejgli" is the Polonized version of bagels
I remember that something like 30 years ago there were stores where you could buy liquid detergent and softener this way, you came there with your own bottle and they poured predetermined amount into it
Imagine their faces when they realize we also have freezers
Meanwhile he was staffing his admin with pro-Israeli, anti-Iranian hardliners, who'll turn on Assad and Iran at the first possible moment.
So do we
Every village has its own dialect
He was actually half Croat and half Slovenian.
for a friend
First of all is that per mile or kilometer
While on the east, agricultural, manufacture and labor intensive
Same here, my record was one evening with around -20C, I stopped at a friends place because my tears froze my left eyelashes shut and had to spend the night there.
Yes people call in to morning TV shows and speak random of topic shit.
During those 9 months there is a 'natural' bonding going on with the pregnant lady and a baby.
Also, there is a town of Gorizia with 34000 inhabitants just behind the border, yet it doesnt have a shopping centre
– Fopdoodle, I’m definitely not going there
You're either extremely gullable, or extremely misinformed on who biden is
Might wanna listen to [this] Its a tune from a really popular Slovene movie and Zither get associated with this tune here all the time
Ronde van Vlaanderen
We are the pinacle of civilization.
Chilly:1-11
) and outright break curfews as well as travelling to other counties
Kuna is pinned to the euro
Yea, there was really no need for a short essay.
I never had any issue
Tolve F
I switch to Croatian when it doesn't, especially with numbers
That is probably Slovenia
I find trying to take over Eurasia with Yugoslavia a nice challenge, and the same goes for the Americas with whichever LatAm country
"My appoligies" as russia drags georgia and ukraine out.
I've been this summer and I was extremely disappointed
I mean everyone in the country either speaks Bulgarian or Albanian so it's not like these comments come out of nowhere..
I've never felt an earthquake that was this strong
It was supposedly the nicest summer since about the 70s, but it still rained cats and dogs about twice in a week
Forget it, history as taught in Bulgaria is the absolute bottom.
A hotel employee literally asked my 14 at the time cousin to stay with him at night infront of our parents
Italians got style ;)
Yeah, but we would be there
For me it was Pink
Moj oče se ukvarja s kmetijstvom in jaz sem mu (in mu še danes) velikokrat pomagal pri tem, ampak nisem zaradi tega postal kmetavz, čeprav sem bil bolj v stiku s kmetijstvom od mladih let, kot pa je večina ljudi danes v Sloveniji
If I remember correctly his girlfriend was from there and wanted to stay near her parents
UwU
Germany
In the past, New York was called *Novi Jork* in Slovenian.
I don't think we should loose our national identities because it enriches Europe
Also, one of our oldest settlements is called Novo mesto (New City), though that name was officially recorded first by Rudolf IV or Austria
Neither the Western Allies not the USSR were not sole victors of WW2
Speech impediments are not exclusive to a language.
Save this edgy post for someone else.
Therefore many learn German, Italian, French, some schools have Spanish and Russian too
Not even hiding any of this really
Mašina - Maschine - machine
No idea where *švinglc* comes from
What are poor neighbourhoods of Ljubljana?
Damn only Norway has less murders
The city had a contract with a private firm to install speed check robots through-out the city.
You are only created in His image, you are not yourself **GOD**.
Even if he survived, probably some of his followers would have succumbed to the Otomans or the Habsburgs anyway
I also don't see it as a right but as a privilege that is earned and can and should in some cases be taken away.
It left a poor first impression, which quickly crumbled after I saw Sarajevo
The regular food
Never have I heard anyone call someone brat/sestra either
You'll pass through Bled on the way to Bohinj (unless you take some back roads)
As a student, I use a fuck ton out of the vending machines, so that's a no no for me.
5 warm
You can have the cake, eat it, someone else will pay for it and you will lose weight while eating it.
People sleeping in cardboard boxes in the middle of the street.
Yes, some nationally aware individuals (mostly students) theorized about a unified land of Slovenes within Austria, but not much came of it
In short dear America, do it, but do it better
The last stronghold of Catholicism.
Ker je kar malo čudno, da glede na to da se tile planšarji vsak dan pijani tolčejo malone do smrti, uradna statistika pravi da je kriminala in nasilja veliko več v lj in drugih "mestih".
I dont trust them to blow up a rocket, let alone navigate me safely.
I'd like to see him preach ideas while getting a cock meat sandwich which is quite popular in prisons.
The variety we had available was incredible.
in primary school but I was that kid who took part in competitions
And foreigners who come here don't magically become Slovene just because of an ID card.
And it is fucking delicious and I will never get to drink it again
Ali pa jim subvencionirati njihovo električno omrežje, glede na našo grožnjo
RTVSLO - our national TV station and radio tries to be mostly unbiased, it still fails on a regular basis, but it's not "malicious" - that is it's not biased because they want to be it just happens in context of a show or whatever.
That's just silly and makes no sense.
They also made a venture on the moon, didn't they?
I could have Austrian, Italian, French or Angolan documents and I would still be Slovene.
Probably expecting another inevitable chicken deficit because of brexit
But now I see some schools start at 7:30, some at 7:50 which is crazy and some start at 8:20
You don't thave a constitution.
It's a pity you guys aren't more into Auferstanden aus Ruinen
Muotio I
We also have it here, but not as big
So like coins every country would make their bills ??
Hungary -> Madžarska (I don't know the translation, but it's most likely something historical)
- > where are you
Možnost, da bi par gejev posvojilo otroka in mu nudilo normalno, varno, srečno otroštvo se jim zdi ogabna, to, da na tisoče slovenskih otrok živi v revščini in lakoti pa očitno ni preveč pomembno.
Well, compared to the Soviets' battles in the East, Britain's losses are put into perspective.
I don't think the number for Slovenia is right.
Is that a hard proposition
Well, you guys are good at euphemisms.
I hope I can live there one day
Po tvoji logiki so Babiči v Kopru in Čiginj v Tolminu...
And English level of some English teachers is really bad.
That's election of a party leader.
Don't you see the chicken
Not to mention that being the instigator of WW3 wouldn't make the US popular with anyone on the planet, and I'd bet that even Canada would stay neutral, which means you'd have to leave its shipping alone
I attached a huge basket at the front of the bike, mainly for the groceries, I also have a smallish trailer in case basket is not enough
Why Slovakia when you can choose Slovenia.
Holy moly
It is understandable, but it is influenced by Italian and Friulian so they have their own accent/dialect.
Being relevant on the world stage is overrated anyway
Hell, even I have a hard time understanding it
France is for French values
Also, they dislike counting to more than 12
What kind of a school did you go to?
And he thaught he could get away with lieing about what he does, lets destroy the man.
Ah, right, everybody got expelled....
Slovenian here - I don't think anyone here considers modern Macedonia anything other than one of the Yugoslav constituent republics, and certainly not an entity with any relation to what we learned about in history class about antiquity
Then they bring out a cake some time later
I looked it up in the [dictionary] and well, they could have used a better example
Also, what you're saying is precisely the point
You can go to private healthcare proffesionals that have a concession for free with a referral from your doctor.
Still, it's an interesting thought.
For Bosnia, [this coat of arms] was suggested which is IMHO one of the better designs around.
When do you think you could join?
I was planning to mention the difference, but forgot
For reference I'm a 23 y/o 60kg girl
Yea, they were the good guys because they fought against Soviet animals.
Led a crazy life
There's also quite a few of Yugo-nostalgics.
and sunday ima figure somethiing out.
(Yeah, I know he didn't win
> What were the origins of Yugoslavia
Please use /r/AskEurope for questions you would like to ask Europeans.
Čefur is a state of mind, not every immigrant from other ex-Yugoslavian Republics is a Čefur
I buy over the border in Austria a lot and the quality is the same.
We have some heavy measures and political tensions because of it
Not really
000km2 of area
And it does so using [human quantum energy]#Fugitive).
The number of those that remained has stayed somehow stable in the later decades
They decided that Libya is safe enough for them to cross on their way to Europe, but it somehow isn't safe enough for us to return them there?
As I wrote, all of my Warhammer experience is with the PC strategy games, and there I vastly prefered the 3 factions I listed to Imperial guard.
Mostly Christmas dinner is on the 24th, we open presents on 24th and then on 25th we visit other family members and friends.
You will be able to order it in English just fine!
Israelis, if you consider them European.
Malaga, Korčula or Amsterdam
Sailors brought back stories of Moors kidnapping people, hence the game
Currently live in Ljubljana
Libya literally was NATO war under NATO command
Past
To tell fellow Europeans that Serbia is now literally encircled.
Not a lot of money to pay for all music ever.
It's free for EU people and a few others in Slovenia.
ja lohku, pa že. Sploh pa bada ukrepi malčk bel chill bli
Slovenia and Slovakia are the same thing afterall!
Slovenia should definitely be in it.
Craiova's coat of arms is very similar to Saint George's dragon killing in many other coats of arms.
The cartoon version was made by probably the greatest Slovenian cartoonist of all time, Miki Muster.
Sheep is just as valis a guess.
We dont need Military to be the size of American.
But now maybe for a weekend we get the slushy and dirty one
The four points you made I can look up in
No making, no having, just doing :D
Jesus, it's Ljubljana too
:) They are usually erected in pairs for occasions like marriage, with a board saying "long live bride & groom" (or similar) hung between them.
I also realise that one shitty neighbor doesn't reflect on their entire population
I wish my country would help in some way, now is the right time to show EU solidarity
is something European empires, kingdoms, and later countries have been doing for centuries before the words United States of America were ever uttered for the first time
no it isn't either legal or acceptable.
Exclude tourist and political threads, there is nothing of value on r/Slovenia .
Then you have like slovenian, and most of southeast countries come from similar grounds (Russian)
Full of arrogance
What, because of Quisling
Prince William is not called Viljem, instead wr just use the original version of his name
Cheese stuffed pizza crust isn't either
The curriers require a sign-off
Not yet mentioned: Kim Bodnia, a Danish actor (In China they eat dogs, Nattevagten and Broen) and his Broen co-star swede Sofia Helin.
In the meantime, I barely even touched a single book in my own native tongue
Mobile: go to r/AskEurope subbredit and click the three dots in the upper right corner
Ksiht - Gesicht - face
Both weren't too great
Not only that, if you go few km outside of town, you can already hear the difference between accents, to a point you can almost pinpoint a village
It is a grammatical number, just like singular and plural.
Europe had the biggest phone manufacturer in the world
Deal to reunite Cyprus within reach, UN chief Ban says
if they speak Slovene they are ok.
Which was really funny because the stereotype is that we're pretty whiny
Sadjevec
It was usually some blonde old woman.
My grandpa apparently always made a mean mug when taking photos.
Others were on time
Europe could have f***ing rule the smartphone market, spearheading the next technical revolution
To me it's kinda funny, because in slovenian it's called Češka and everybody calls it that
Maybe its different in the eastern part
I'm sure they do the same in other regions of the country
I don't know the intricacies of our nationality law, but there are generous concessions for people with Slovenian ancestry.
Interesting choice from the same poster, I would understand Gotovina and Pavelic, or Tito and Gotovina but not all three on the same time
Libya was prime example were they didnt even need to counter invade, it was enough for France to fail to topple Gadafi on their own
And with that secured, the EU can continue trading with 7/10 of its top 10 trading partners
We generally use the bread crumb and sugar topping with a bit of cinnamon on top
I wish I could go there now
Why can't libraries instead charge users for access to a pool of ebooks, and then allow the user to download only one, which is automatically deleted after a certain period of time.
Yeah in some more inland places it's like that as well, but always in regions that were under Italy before
Ljubljana and Maribor, capital vs second biggest city
I really don't know why this is an issue in the states.
Do ypu guys think there are regions in Europes future or will we remain as countries
Though I'm now wondering if it's *iz* or *s* Škotske...
They're made for you to learn about things in nature about nature lol.
this has yet to happen but even if the actor had a strong accent we'd still lose our shit
Very
Nope if anything we're heading towards WWIII.
If it would refer to all pots to make coffee in (like a cafetiera for example), then it would be good
Syria going through what Serbia's been through - Assad - -
Came here for the wall jokes, was not disappointed.
Make complaining about jokes great again!
Huge accent differences in my country, besides having different loan words depending on which border people live, a lot of accents have a different "musicality" to them which makes it harder to understand even when they speak the same words
Then they bring out a cake some time later
I don't know who would win in a military confrontation between NATO and Russia but I know who would profit.
Slovene dialects (Slovene: slovenska narečja) are the regional spoken varieties of Slovene, aSouth Slavic language.
Slovenia - Apart from mandatory Health and Retirenment and disability insurance:
Once I was in a hostel somewhere in Asia and an American dude asks me where I'm from.
Always something completely different
We also eat [krofi] (krapfen in German).
We have never ran out of blood.
Its going to be trash
And they are mostly concentrated in urban areas
So how do you clean it
Although Novo Mesto and Kočevje are in the red here
Nokia laughed at iPhone
Otrok - Slovene child; Slovak slave (Otrok v avtu :D )
To those of us speaking indo-european languages, your turco-uralic languages all sound alike.
I have English C1, German B2, Italian A1 and Spanish B1
That's disgusting attitude to your own language, man.
Again, they won't be able to work in the EU without a work permit.
Facemasks have been gone for over a month
Ljubljana: 286 745 (municipality: 295 504)
I used to live next to club with playing field
Russia's previous control had/has no bearing on the general consensus IMO
I'd love to see a good Punisher movie, though, since the comics were great (particularly the MAX series).
Luckily
To prepare for a [matura dance]
I think this is exclusively a Slovenian thing
Are you saying current gun owners would be OK with their (legal atm) guns going onto the black market?
god fucking damnit"
I went to Ronda a few years ago while on a road trip in Spain, but sadly it was already dark when we managed to locate a good photo spot for the bridge
They are used to corn and chese flips.
Most companies disabled 'pay when you get it' option when ordering on line
And I'm pretty sure those were all unplanned side-effects, that the organisers of the camp weren't planning for
Serbians and Bosnians are the ones to worry about when stirring things up
You can have your opinion, but that doesnt mean you should deny the Britis people their democratic right does it?
For reference I'm a 23 y/o 60kg girl
15k+ upvotes with second top post with only 500 upvotes
I modified it for non-Americans
Yeah Slovene definitely isn't completely unique but it is still pretty uncommon
Edit: oh yes he is there the Impaler
Another point is, that money from funds is quite liquid, at least in my neck of the woods.
I was hiking in Wales and got a feeling that it's not common because people were often surprised when I greeted them
You're more right (no pun intended) than you know
Ethnicity is one of the most important elements though, precisely because it's something you're born with.
Well, they could still pay with coins.
We cover a lot, but because of that our knowledge is not very deep.
Črna vas spada pod Rudnik in JE naselje V LJUBLJANI in nikjer drugje.
So Im going with Russia for Canada/Australia/New Zeeland/South Africa
It caused the bullet to turn into a pinball inside human body, bouncing from bone to bone and tearing organs
Can you brits fo something about it pleasw
Thus the enlargment of the port could have been serioulsy hindered
All the dogs I've seen were well trained.
Gods, I don't think I could stand a world without the music you guys make, that's just a small thing ...
lol.za njih pa ne koristim volilne pravice
Unfortunately until we have that option we should stay in NATO
Why
Only if there are complications?
That's why you get paradoxes like claims that an European Federation will be ruled from Brussels, everyone will be the same, culture will vanish etc
Velenje has a nice new promenade and the lake part is nice, I heard
Not popular at all, it gained slightly more fame that one time we won a division or something
but unlike many places they never fully recovered from the industiral decline in the 90s and nowadays have persistently higher unemployment than the rest of the country
I'm talking about Slovene names, not Romanian names.
Sarsina I
We will all be able to travel for free across EU very soon :)
Ya'll need to post some warnings before posting anything centipede like!
Didn't think I'd ever shovel that much snow in a day
>Interesting
Honestly even if it is a cent (a penny in your case) I'm not going to leave it.
HA-HA-HA
Inland Poland has the same temperatures year round as southern Croatia.
"CLOSE THE BLAST DOORS"
Could be handy when the Mongols invade again
University and high school sports being a thing
We have bohinj and bled in the north in the alps so that pretty much assures it not being in the middle of nowhere
It is a political divide
i mean if there is one historical record even a layman knows about its ww2
Another example could be the 6th block of the Šoštanj coal powerplant
I would forcibly move people from different countries into different countries
We call it Gradec and I think that Štýrský means Styrian.
Still, the weirdest such exchange I had was at a horseburger place in Ljubljana (Trubarjeva, where Šeherezada is now) that tops all the kebab conversations:
Here in Styria highschool kids binging on borovničevec until they start vomiting black is a regular occurrence.
I think that divides the country more
NATO already sent SAMs to Turkey when Turkey was attacking Syria
But theoretically, it could be that one of his parents was Slovenian, for example
You were pretty much expected to be able to point on pretty much any *term* that appeared on the map.
Müsli is more popular but stil not that popular.
There are some sources hinting at Croatian Army soldiers being sent to Bosnia and switching insignia to HVO at the border.
Austria instigated most of its wars.
For many years, the terrible sacrifice ensured peace in the land
Then they are clearly a part of a money laundering operation.
Saj vem, da si se 'hecau', pobek.
After Australia's appearance at Eurovision and Mexico being granted honorary EU membership by this sub I see no reason why we shouldn't find some love for the great nation of Morocco.
It seems that soldiers not talking about war later in life is a reocurring theme here, which i find very interesting as my great-grandfather too fought in WW2 (as a partisan) and also in WW1 for Austria-Hungary, but never talked about his experiences
*When the HCP team first visited the Slovenian Ministry of Health in 2006, the MoH
This
I use 95% Slovene when talking to other Slovenes and a small mix of German words (due dialect) and Serbo-Croatian words here and there
If you read through OP's comments, you will see it was not a joke at all.
Few years back when there actually was a "quasi" right-wing populist party in form of Slovenian Nationalists, they weren't that populist, but then again the SNS wasn't really a fully right-wing party as it also saw our socialist history under Yugoslavia and especially Tito as a good thing.
Also To so gadi, Dolina miru and Ne joči Peter.
Sometimes we did that in the first round eat children or "the young ones" and in the second round all the adults
The same temperature with high humidity would probably see me in jacket
In Slovenia it's very similar
They were one of the most powerful families in the region and had an agreement with the Habsburgs that those who live longer inherit everything from the other family.
I don't think there is a consensus to which one of our dialects is the most similar to standard, I often heard people from town of Celje speak well, however still have a noticeable accent like we all do.
Literally
Third, the Western Allies didn't owe us anything
How are the thinks in Tetovo, looking trough census in 2002 Macedonians were already minority there
we SHOULD ALL respect eachother :)
Nothing, cause Slovenes didn't matter in Austria
Newermid that, I'm buisy sit there be quiet and wait.
I’m guessing Slovenia would be mostly in the pink as well lately
Thirdly, Slovenia had both ant active independent partisan (not under the command of Tito) and anti-communist fighting force, both home-grown and composed entirely of Slovenes ([Liberation Front of the Slovene Nation] [Slovene Home Guard] Next, unlike in Macedonia, many Slovene civilians were deported into concentration camps in Germany to make room for German settlers
Both Styria and Carinthia were originally almost entirely Slovene, but due to Slovenia being unfortunate enough to be the first Slavic nations to lose it's independence to the Germans over a thousand years ago it lost almost all of that land after centuries of gradual assimilation and depopulation due to wars
Or like, a 100-120 sqm flat within the Ljubljana bypass if you are lucky and you get one
This way you have a day where, in theory, all family members have a free day and can spend time together.
45 is Viertel vor 7 or something like that
Congrats and happy birthday, Eesti, my favourite Nordic country
This is the second question about March Madness.
What I have learned from this shitshow of a comment section (no offence to anyone) is that the OP is very pro-gun (based on his previuos submissions and comments) but does not represent majority of the Swiss people as this image might be understood as doing.
Nothing out of the ordinary lives there though.
*af* vs *av* and Norwegian has more j's.
*Parliament disabled for 3 seconds*
As a country, I don't think I can say.
This basilica has always been privately financed iirc
Given the difficulties European countries have to get through before they can change their currency to euro, why are Kosovo and Montenegro able to use them?
Especially as Europeans with no knowledge of the Balkans wars take these things as hard facts
He has no speaking skills whatsoever, not a pinch of charisma, just skills in fear mongering and lying
But how would you get thrown out of the EU if you didnt :P /jk
most people know of his name but he isnt talked about much or taken very seriously either
I agree with this
Most people <40 would likely never have heard of that though, if their grandparents weren't ww2 storytellers
Already works well today, you enter the vehicle and are asked if everything is clean, if not the previous user will be charged.
We do have some interesting bits that could be mentioned somewhere
Drugod po Sloveniji pa bi rekel, da je zgodba drugačna.
The same went for geography in Slovenia.
This will turn into a shitstorm pretty soon.
My colleague had a grandfather who was mobilized into Wehrmacht (despite being a Slovene and thus untermensch), sent to France and captured there soon after day D by African-American soldiers.
And still 🇪🇸 denies them the right to decide their faith :-[
Why
As I've mentioned in the original post it most probably boils down to personal experience mostly.
I saw this happen in a variant of BCS but I can't say BCS directly influenced this mistake in Slovene
There is something wrong with your inner Hitler :P
People are always afraid of what's different."
They still had voting rights and there were several elections.
Stupid suggestion because the countries that joined later cannot be blamed for current issues we are dealing with.
This is after he was the first one to congratulate Trump on his victory 3 days ago
Freediving since we currently have a world record holder in that
Austria has "temporarily" suspended the Schengen regime on its border with Slovenia in 2015
not being allowed to vote in your home country instead.
Show hand gestures to other drivers?
George miraculously appeared on a white horse and killed the dragon with a sword
Orimattila F
It looks like there are some homeleless people living there permanently
The Greek province is also "Macedonia" or perhaps rather "Greek Macedonia" to make sure, which one is being mentioned.
We have quite a shortage
It actually has [the highest murder rate in Western Europe]
France especially now holds all the cards, considering they're the last and only EUMS with a military worth a damn
If it is an irregular occurence, it sucks unbelievaly
Nope, we only had civil unions.
In our translation instead of Baggins we have Bisagin
Great job Estonia
Anywhere where there is power and lack of control, shitty people will pop up and do shitty things
I don't understand stocking up on toilet paper at all
This disparity is due to the unfavourable economic and political situation the Slovenes were faced with as a small, rural nation ruled by the German uper classes
&#x200B;
As in, one country is more socialist, another more liberal...
There are many more differences of course but Panceltic already pointed them out.
In other parts it may be Hungarian, Italian or English
That we were under Iron curtain.
The same happened here during the 2012/13 protests.
I heard once that Hrvat means "landowner".
21 - **ena**in**dva**jset (lit
but in /r/slavs_squatting everybody is very fraternal
In my experience, there's 2 groups of people who know how to actually use computers:
Most of them probably innocent, specially kids, women and eldery people, but commies killed everyone who didnt agree with their regime/ideology
Wow, you honestly believe, the petit burgois who mama merkel invited in are here temporarely?
Ja, drug Merkur
The Kooks, Franz Ferdinand, Kaiser Chiefs.
Ulrich was already regent of Hungary at that time, had control over many lands in modern day Slovenia, some parts of Austria and especially in the Balkans
Now unfortunately people are copying the US and yes, we actually have jesus loves you billboard that take you to antiabortion sites
Slowly roasted with potatoes and onions is probably my favourite
Also, Nova Gorica has 6 or 7 casinos and the same number of night clubs - mostly aimed at Italians
Traditions
I think it's "karola" in Slovene Littoral
Tärke peeske paranossa ajsko töre terehi
I was expecting 5 minut nazad...
The room we stayed in had one little window that couldn't be closed because it was literally rotting
I wanted to buy a can of peas but they were croatian so i bought slovenian beans, mwhahahha
It is in fact interesting and on topic.
He was trying to be funny and failed miserably.
It's all a continuum, based on which border of a country you're standing next to
Suitia F
Austria’s Top Diplomat Betrayed Democracy in Macedonia ::
you dont understand
Tensions are rising between Germany and Poland
Their suffering pleases the Lord.
I just wish you understood my point
Don't be fooled by nice clean photos on the internet and positive comments, I bet they're writting them themselves
They look more comfortable than most benches
50 dialects, grouped into 7 regional dialect groups
But also I never noticed that and I go to the sea side in Croatia every year, guess I don't pay enough attention
Put super simply, after Slovenes and Croats were free from the Austrians, Hungarians, and Italians, i.e. post-WW1, they realized that staying solo would likely result in them getting reconquered by one or more of the former masters, so they thought let's join forces with Serbia as kind of equals
Freshly done lobotomy
He made a reggae version of Marseillaise that could only be more unpatriotic if he said "Aux armes, bla bla bla".
There's two prevailing stereotypes of roma people in Slovenia.
Slovenian is different than Serbo-Croatian for the same reason Polish is not the same as Czech
Slovenian here
China’s signs deal developing hi-speed rail between Serbia and Hungary
Also: how far to the right a country is
Never seen one (except invalid toilets, I suppose).
Why do they speak Czek(oslovak)?
Thank you for your answer
I think one of the reasons so many people voted for Trump is because of how obvious it was Hilary is getting support from media/current administration and thinking she has the moral high ground over Trump and people don't like hypocrits.
I liked this place more than Venice itself.
Funny, an old tourism slogan for Slovenia is "the sunny side of the Alps" because it's the east and such
forget
There are some organizations that collect that food, but as i know that is kinda illegal
By leaked you mean given to her with a clear intention?
And it was Germany who invited the immigrants over so the quotas are really just a way to push the immigrants off Germany's back and onto the countries that never asked for them.
Scientists would have to seek funding from national sources for everything they did and coordinate access with CERN.
We had a giant scorpion in a bathroom in Tozeur, Tunisia
We can grow grapes and olive trees
They are out brother evcariots.
I like it this way, we get trading partnes all over the world and I live in a peaceful and neutral country.
200-5
I'm slightly suspisious or he's extremely lucky
I can tell you that they are lol
I doused it with disinfectant before leaving it infront of their house
It is really Greater Bielefeld in that regard
Well yeah Biden's not exactly a saint by any measure but definitely the lesser evil of the two
Wow, you've managed to call him racist without even hearing him mention any race related issues.
People have guest slippers, you don't have people running around in socks when they come to visit.
Yesterday I brough up that they are parking on my parking spot with one of them
Hearing some nice German song gets me in the mood for learning it
But some od the great inventions are:
I'd feel more foreign in Kiev than in Paris.
I don't care much for it, but nontheles in my opinion it is Austrian.
Why is there a difference between three apples and five apples?
Possibly since they don't walk with nationality written on their forehead lol
Its nearly the same language lol
Well, basically the government subsidizes students' meals.
I love how Belarus literally has Moscow
Luvia F
Well, to be honest, Trump DID use a lot of Fascist logic, like ultra-nationalism, anti-globalism and a main campaign statement that revolves around pushing the country to some former glory, and being consistently endorsed by White supremacist and Neo-nazi groups more than all candidates in the last few decades...
I live in one of the smaller countries in Europe but I can say that we are also one of the most diverse ones.
We have people in that space
At least Serbia is taking care of them, [Serbia has one of the largest wild populations of plastic bags in Europe]
My grandma keeps her fresh eggs from her chicken in a cold pantry room but if she brings them in the kitchen she puts them in a fridge
**Greedy creature of the Alps will only tip to avoid waiting for change.**
I think you're mixing things up.
So that they don't make the same mistake over and over again.
- Otherwise I like how students can chose from many languages beside English
He was just making a joke, man.
Nah, nobody really cares about Slovenia
Its an awsome gun, I want one \(but I can't cuz its a military weapon stil!!!!!!!!!\)]
From my experiences if you ask a random Slovene to rank Slovenia how corrupt it is, we will end up more corrupt than Somalia.
Tina Maze
I can't comment on Slovene at university but in primary and high school, we learned about Slovene throughout history, from the first written text in Slovene (the Freising manuscript), the first literary standard as created by the Protestant Primož Trubar and through even more standardisation towards modern Slovene.
edit: for high school, things have also chnaged since I attended
Genereal impression of muricans is that they are fat, stpid and warmongoring.
I've said it before and I'll say it again, Garda lake is one of the most underrated places in Europe
I guess you can say that an alliance is more than that, and so this isn't an alliance anymore.
These 4 guys in the colors of the umbrella the camera appears to be attached to follow the camera around exploring their surroundings like some cartoon characters
Seems to me that in Germany, black people are less looked down on than Slavs are though
Both
Nothing shows better how big one's balls are than being afraid of different people, cultures, religions etc.
No Croatian mentioning "Kras" sweets?
The Alfa Romeo didn't make it, it broke down in the garage
5 warm
Its going to be trash
They have recycling rooms with shit tons of boxes for different things to throw in.
Interesting, is this from surs
Ja, all of them and more
To take your example, my parents born in 1960s in Slovene Istria have learned English, Italian and (only one year) of Serbo-Croatian in school
Implying something means nothing.
I remember his name was used as an escape goat in 1997 Indonesian finansial crisis
Cardiologist - 3,85-16,73 €
All of those names sound really ...
The aweredge national pay is yust under 1000.
And we get to invade your coasts every year
Idk where are you from, you don't have a tag next to your name
25th is a holiday but it's just another day, people usually visit family or do nothing
Given that the whole american political landscape is more right than the European one.
Replacements are already waiting in camps in Turkey
Well, islam still is a dangerous religion
So they're kind of manipulating.
What the hell
We got to ask ourselves , why such double standards?
Whell tehnicaly it is a foreighn country.
The communist terror in Yugoslavia started in 1941, the same year nazism and fascism, but it lasted much longer.
They do have same jurestictional training as civilian police though
Sure, there are some names that are shared between different ethnicities (mostly Christian names), but when it comes to surnames, there are huge differences.
And it happens only on social media
In a federation, nothing would change about writing the rules, but the money wouldn't be loans
City of Barcelona did that a while ago ([link] Hopefully more cities will follow.
We might not have any intricate 'a [nationality] walks into a [public building]' stories for a every group of people, but we usually have stereotypes or cultural references to play off of.
Fascinating place, really
Prices should be quite comparable too, outside our three cities I mean.
We had an affair a while ago when the railway from Pragersko to Hodoš here was newly electrified, but the platforms on some stations were too far from where the train would stop, so there was be too much of a gap between the platform and the stopped train
Janez Vajkard Valvasor
He also wrote some great poetry in German!
Because a civil union made between heterosexuals outside of church is also legally called a marriage.
Abandoned guard houses
Sady the forced Germanization kinda did their things-Südmark and Deutscher Schulverein there.
SO you're saying that the man who brought an end to the tyrannical USSR communist rule over Kazakhstan and established a blistering free-market free-enterprise oriented liberal democracy, wasn't such a good guy
how the turntables
lol at comparing California to Scotland and UK...
Tuđman was "genocidal maniac" how?
They'll probably reinstate the death penalty, execute everyone who opposes them, ban the death penalty again, and then ask to join the EU again.
However, to get the new technology to mature and to actually build plants with that technology it would take decades
This was the first time in 100 years that any party other than the Social Democrats and the Moderates had topped official opinion polls.
In Belgium, I saw for the first time the really complex bureaucracy working smoothly
TV or computer Screen - zaslon
I won't be able to go on weekend trips to London without a passport anymore.
To enable member states to trade with each other.
Yes
A 3 minute walk to the train station is followed by a 10 minute train ride and then I walk for another 5 minutes to get to school
Basically derived from the same word "dalje", which means far
Jasna = 10/10
No one wants to watch their loved ones suffer.
Many EU countries still need coal, including UK but insted of mining it it is imported.
In official manner, standard slovene is always a must
How hard is it to learn lagues.
I saw this happen in a variant of BCS but I can't say BCS directly influenced this mistake in Slovene
If he was to take the 10% literally he would have given the 1€, but I get what you're saying
That being said, the theme of most monuments is fight against fascism and remembrance of fallen partisans, with a few statues to politicians and Tito
We have them to, of course not nearly as pouplar as french
Lol, I always knew you guys are actually civilized.
ou can just turn up and tell them your name and address.
Lovely
But that usualy a recepy will call for 1 bag
Why you making such a fuss about it?
The result only stands because it was technically non binding, despite being treated as if it was
Scounts are a christian thing
We were shouting to the driver to stop
sex
That's a difficult socioeconomic question that someone could write a thesis about.
UK will have no representatives
> I didn't say that the Baltics were Eastern European due to former USSR rule, that didn't even come into consideration
On the other hand, living at home is considered normal, even majority of houses are build to support 2 to 3 families
who's self conscious about whether he's acting adult-y enough and overcompensates
And well our European
Oh right, but these are moods, not tenses.
We keep our goats behing eletric fenses to protect them.
We agree that it's good for Europe that the US did the stuff
You have to renew your passport every year
We have [statistical regions] and then we have [občine/municipalities] Highlighted are city municipalities.
[Me every time there's a pro-monarchist post at Europe]
Not from the Eastern Bloc, and here Communism/Socialism wasn't forced from the outside, while there's still a divided view on our type of Socialism, and especially how they got into power after WWII.
The italian one is easy to recognise because it just sounds so italian
I know I'm kind of late, but after I read your thread I just couldn't stop thinking about it.
That's just because we didn't want to scare native English speakers with a vowel-less-looking word like Trst
You can just buy your next fix in barcelona.
Kvazi politik
Well, as far as I know, we were always considered to be provincial
We need animal protein fo fuel our brain and ensure evolution.
It's the way media reports on it that's the real bitch.
The sooner the exit won't be soon enough
I'm so sorry
We are selling our tanks and will be unprotected
I don't know much about it, but it might fit and I see no one mentioned it yet.
There's been quite a lot of participation in the atlas experiment already, but it was all on an ad hoc basis.
Worker in IT or alternatively in construction
Sounds a bit like China, but without all the effort put in censorship and survelliance technologies
But the one time where they could've generalized, they didn't.
EDIT: I might have worded this a bit too harshly
We totally aren't using it for uranium enrichment in order to take back Celovec.
Your other "point" I find frankly to be a bit of bullshit.
The town Vodice (meaning waters) is not near any body of water
Then there's viljamovka with Williams pear, tropinovec made with grape pomace, Brinjevec from juniper berries, Brkinski Slivovec (not Sliwovitz)
All of our neighbors, but especially Croats
I live about 90km away
Now, if I ask a bunch of Scottish people, do you think they'd say they feel that England has way too much control over Scotland or that England doesn't have control over Scotland
900€ per month
They have a lot of common points that are not nation-specific, such as anti-immigrant, sexual minorities, liberalism/left wing policies, women's rights, vague anti-EU sentiment, racism/xenophobia
We have a ban on smoking in enclosed spaces for ages now.
Seeing this has made me incredibly sad
Not really 'nearby' by our standards
Many are, even if only once or twice a year.
Because I really hated the French 98
I think there's been a misunderstanding
Most original Slovenian fairy tales and stories are dark af
when that happens here you go abroad and bring the bill back to the state health insurance.
Bled 2
> Reminds me of the ~~genocide~~ famine memorial
Only western part of the country has an Italian accent.
There were huge [interal differences] tho.
the quality was also not that bad.
Zih majo tud svoje aktiviste, nemcija je zlo konzervatina...
Hide in the forests and mountains, and try some type of guerrilla warfare.
Črnci - meaning black people (yes plural)
Why do the repeatedly try to drive me into the divider when I attempt to overtake them
Too much has happened in the world throughout history that we could learn all of it in schools, so we learn about the basics plus something about the history of our own nation; knowing about one's past is important, after all.
So unless we're talking mass murder even Mao would be in awe of, the US would find out first hand how obnoxious European guerilla warfare can be
What like "everything is the fault of the previous government"?
The sad thing is this people actually believe this shit....
An organization appears that want you to fuck with Iran as much as possible in exchange for giving you 200
So Nova Gorica has 89 while Gorica has 12.
I wonder what's going on in Russia.
It's much bigger of a problem IMO than the power systems, as multi system locosomotives have been the standard for cross border trains for a while now, but it doesn't help if a locomotive supports a power system, but not the safety system used in a country
Western Slovenia is full of light yugonostalgics.
The far eastern region is the most "foreign" to the rest of the country.
**Kresnik** - Carantanian-Carniolan deity.
Janša is trying to portray all media that arent't Nova24 (TV station owned by Janša's party), Reporter or Demokracija (right-leaning newspapers) as left-lening, which is just not true and which is part of his political discourse aimed at discredt anyone who tries to criticize him
Nothing much has changed, the gradual assimilation is still happening, still nothing we can do about it
However, some of the ones you’ve mentioned are indeed not very common any more (e.g. Glančnik - Glantschnig, don’t think I’ve ever heard it)
It's by no means just Americans
You should, since it has Moscow too
>damn draft
It would also be interesting to see a Ducal integration on a [prince’s stone ]
This ^
According to the internet, i have feeling that half of the world had their first day of snow today
Anyways i'm looking for December the 6th for the second estimate to see all the other countries not mentioned in todays one.
All that is different in Slovene and Bosnian culture
Poetry: Pretty much everything [Prešeren] ever written.
quite common to make cofee in a bowl/large pot and then putting it into cups with a ladle here
I had better grades in my English class than in my Slovene class for most of the time in school
not sure what to call it) in the middle of Bronx.
Slovenes actually had some semblance of unity in Yugoslavia and Austria-Hungary before that
British accent with a slight Scottish touch
It's a child abduction alert system mostly used in the states and according to wikipedia, 17 European countries.
Whatever happened to his promissed Euro tour?
I have never used the shortened English version and I never will
In my country the left think they have such a moral highgroung and religion is so hated by them that they feel they have the right to want to kill them
Wheres for country like Austria which is surrounded by Schengen countries it would be much harder
They do to speakers of languages that aren't used to meaning changes due to vowel length
We have deer, rabbits, hedgehogs and whatnot small wild animals living in the forest that doubles as city's main park
Also, some people are hot during the night, some cold, with two, you can have 2 different thicknesses.
Yes, nobody expects the Slovenian uprising and then invasion from the south
I don't listen to any hiphop but when I hear it played, 90% of the time it's nigga this, bitch that, and hoes something else
Hm, while Croatia is not in Schengen, I think it somehow counts for days spent within Schengen due to its being part of the EU.
French elite be like
The mental image is just too absurd.
It's pure sugar with no special taste.
Much is opposite in the usa
Germany - Nemčija
Didnt British leaders force Britain into Brexit?
Every year
I know, that is why the infografic is so stupid -.- it says he is prime minister.
- Thank you
Croatian: Asterix, Obelix, Čudomix, Poluautomatix, Vrhovnix, Tamburix, Metuzalemix, Abecedix.
15-5°C - sweater
Past
Unless we're gonna make the case that Germany can't possibly succeed because someone speaking Bayerisch can't possibly be in the same federation with someone from the north, this argument should be laid to rest once and for all
Reminds me of the 60s in Yugoslavia.
We only ever fight with Croatians, who also happen to be our only neighbor we never were at war with throughout history
That part of history is behind us and we're better off without that whole shitshow again.
If some of these were autonomuos, it might be chaotic or even local dictatorships (in the smaller municipalities, some mayors dont get changed)
Most other places were somewhat ok, but in my opinion the more developed (rich) the country is, the lower the chance for someone to stop.
I know *wireless* in English, which used to mean radio.
But what both sides have in common is that it's not their stance but rather the propagandist's skill which determines if their stance is deemed right by their audience
Back than stuf in thie general area was prety messy and owerlaping.
Yes, it's a bunch of unfunny memes posted by a statistically insignificant and non-representative sample of our population
Have a great Sunday evening
Ma nic posebnega mal kolesarijo brez kakršnegakoli učinka pa čedalje manj jih je
On the other side it would be impossible to make smaller cow bells!
All of the major concerts I've been to were abroad
The chances are very low
Kaj se dogaja z protesti
drug - someone else
Dedek po očetovi strani in babica po mamini sta rojena istega leta in sta zdaj stara 78-80 nekje.
And they should also be encouraged to use it.
This is why humans invented identification papers.
Which I think is a bit disingenuous but the whole thing looks to amateurish to be official.
Around 50€ per person per week .
Most of them tend to be unreliable, unproductive and far away from reaching their potential.
You can do it for each degree once.
Well, it can be a bit confusing with the formal names: Republika Slovenija vs.
You got a map of a random small section with only small rivers and streams listed and needed to know major cities/towns in vicinity, type of soil, what kind of an industry they have etc.
Going back 100 more years and Slovenes made up almost half of the population in both
verbrachte sie ihr Leben in einem Käfig, der mit Latten vergittert war
Nothing, really
Vodka
Thanks for showing us what bees and dogs look like!
Hehe “palice” means sticks in Slovene
Mislim, da bi se po naše reklo zadruga.
Shit tons of Romanian and Ukrainan white vans.
People of Catalonia: don't forget that there are others who support your fight for independence and remain strong
Might also be skewed perspective, since I seem to have mostly seen the tournaments held in Czech republic and Poland
starting with Vietnam
Not necessarily negative
But the people of the minority mostly tend to adapt to the majority, sadly
So now the local companies pay taxes, while the Serbian one doesn't
History teacher, ~~grammar school~~ gymnasium: "Upon taking the German throne after reunification, the Prussian king Friedrich Wilhelm IV changed his title to Wilhelm I". They were two separate fucking people, dimwit
Michael, Jože Plečnik, **mesto** Ljubljana?
This term was used a lot after 2004 when EU expanded to ten new members.
Also once I started reading the lyrics, it kind of turned out that they're pretty shallow and not as "deep" as I assumed they were
I have NEVER said i wouldn't pick them up
It has one under construction currently
I know I'm not supposed to say that, but this does draw some parallels with the Reformation.
Super prevod
His views are more often than not very distorted.
I live in the Netherlands and the colour of the car number plates is terrible.
Thats why i put it into " " as brits call it punishment.
The Slovene name comes from the word “Konj” which means a horse
Dialisys - 176 € (chronic) or 302 € (acute)
This is what Europe should be about
The man is boorish, certainly
If I took a shower, let alone bathe, more than once a day in winter, I'd be as flaky as a flaky pastry
* No division into groups here.
Maybe some Turk can help here
Not exactly Croatian, but seeing as it and Serbian are so similar ^(\*cough\* almost identical \*cough\*) and the huge diaspora between all the ex-yugo countries (about 10M people in total) it's no wonder you found someone who could understand you
I'm afraid that this is how countries work.
In what way is driving a yugo better than a renault or macedes
Firstly, Macedonia was the most peaceful region during the war
What do we see in this picture
Why shoud russians live under a anti russian goverment?
You can't go wrong with any of these in Slovenia
I've killed too many trouts to count and chopped a few chickens' heads off.
A car with belgian plates bumped into my car in an empty parking lot once.
It would be perfectly reasonable to call all cities in Slovenia except for Ljubljana towns
Bele Skale and Mesečev zaliv are nice
No offense but I don't trust people who aren't citizens to vote
Their clickbaty titles are deceving.
We have our own country lmao
I have family from Germany, they're both older (60+), she's pure German and he was born in Germany to Slovene parents.
They were outbreeding macedonians like crazy.
I think most people near the italian border speak Italian
The context is entirely lacking here
Slovenians on Europe-related subreddits are the worst, I swear.
I remember now that Hofer is for Eurosong not for skiing
Lapio F
So to say 'Clinton jeb Trump' is a political statement ...
Osimo I
You don't have to stay in the city for a whole week here.
There has been plenty of talk about this things in recent years because most of them belong to arganised groups and all the money they get from people is taken away by the leader of their group.
That's why you can still find a lot of german sounding surnames in Slovenia
I work for 8h (with rare exceptions) and spend a little less than 1h commuting
Doesn't matter, some Slavic country.
Also Salzburg has only been part of Austria for 200 years so I don't know why it is relevant, it never made up historic Austria
Slovenia has more dialects (which are the primary use of communication locally) than EU has languages, and some of the dialects are further apart than some EU languages
PC: go to r/AskEurope page
No going back boys
Do you get people who moved out and can't stop attempting to humiliate you over the fact that you stayed
Zahvaljujemo se ti/vam
He hasn't actually won since then, but still managed to form two governments because the other guy failed or resigned
Sm bil sam v Turčiji, potem je pa šla še moja družina.
No, Slovenes are too diverse and there is no generic Slovene look
To be fair I have an EU given right to speak only in my language and care about only my country.
The only person benefiting from there being a strong leader is the leader
We get an instant unbelievably loud argument if anyone mentions daily politics, so we steer clear of that
It likely saved a couple million lives that would've been lost if you hadn't. But you didn't join and especially stay after to save lives
if we dont want to take in refugees that have not declared asylum here why are they being forced upon us?
Sometimes it's good to be annonymous, away from all the shit happening.
We are also dead sure our pizzas in general are better than pizzas in Italy (except in Napoli).
Everyone does that
Considering Tito smoked Cuban cigars in the White House
German borders are quite heavily patrolled.
Wow
In one of those factories someone committed suicide and it was a story of the week along my classmates
And by that logic, if she is, is she also a citizen of Canada
Or how much of that money is wasted on bullshit.
I'm from Maribor and every time it rains a bit, those dumbasses from Duplek have their cellars flooded.
People being alowed to do anything they want?
Interasting
hopefully there will be only one end so no other numbers will be needed.
But now the law says you have to form it as soon as there's a congestion even if it's just construction work because you never know, especially in hot summer months, if someone stuck will need an ambulance service
I meant half past seven yes, I'm sorry for the mistake
I know, that why I want to keep that little bit of power and sovereignty we have left
After the answer (question) is known, proceed to the
But kids still jump and play and roll on the ground inside
Nobody would care if Slovenia was gone
At that time we will not need trains anymore, probably
Because we remember times when women were seen less than men.
At that time it was decided that Maribor would be part of Germany (Austria), so this federal state would most probably be inside German sphere, as Maribor was predominantly German town
A person with a gun on the street without a reason WOULD OF COUSE BE SHOT by the police.
You can also use that for a person and say that he's a Czech if he dresses or acts in a weird/funny way.
And Kosovo is an integral part of Serbia.
I, for one, haven't been to Prague, did visit Sedlec for the ossuary
The town really sticks out in a bad way
I have always tried to figure out why americans do that
Either from "čuješ" ("do you hear
Well we don't miss you
That would be great, sadly there are as many foreign born here as they are in Germany(11%).
Italy and Serbia pressured it into unifying with Serbia and eventually the National Council did it without parliamentary approval.
It's much bigger of a problem IMO than the power systems, as multi system locosomotives have been the standard for cross border trains for a while now, but it doesn't help if a locomotive supports a power system, but not the safety system used in a country
Just felt another aftershock, wtf
And spend your vacation in Slovenia.
Oravala F
Super prevod
Lenivec - lazy one (sloth)
Austria took our land and inslaved our people.
When the class started we made shooting tubes out of pens, and made loads of tiny paper rolls for the ammunition, for the improved version you rolled them in your mouth and then shoot from the mouth and they sticked to the surface
Not to mention that even on the off chance that the US establishes a territory in Europe, they'd be fighting people who look like them and understand their language
we have a law that requires to have 25%(i think, not sure) but the music is awfully bad.
Because he allowed the use of Slovene language in schools.
Koper is definitely the center of logistics and transport
I don't like that you're overly nice.
the Grand organ survived
That's another interesting aspect and I have no idea why that is.
What people dont realize is that in order to join the EU the country needs to meet certain criteria such as human rights, seperation of powers, a proper judiciary system etc.
Geography of Slovenia was the hardest, jesus christ.
I know so many parents with small kids all proud of themselves that they don't allow their kids to play video games
Also i can read it faster and easier
tell him to go back to bosnia and stop stealing jobs   /s
It's kind of 'meh'. Nationally I'd only consider Eurospin worse
I just know they happened
Shame ... what they did with this brexit
This question is not for us Easterners.
The lack of sophistication also seems at odds with the Kremlin's reputation for being a master of disinformation and media warfare.
I'm revoking your Balkan pass
We get both, very cold and dry and not so cold but humid
>Coming from the guy who lived in the lamest country in Yugoslavia
The pens don't have the same tip as regular pens
edit: that one's comming out in 2021
I am all Germany on this blessed day
Are you next going tk say NSK is an independant state?
My dad often tells the story of how he watched a group of policemen beat some youngsters to a pulp for sitting on a wall during the night.
Lets pretend like EU is not falling apart.
Russia and china will supply iran with anti aircraft missiles
I think it would be beautiful
Cohabitaton will do that, I guess
I think you're the one showing lack of intellect here.
Oooh thank you
They have 7500 nuclear missiles?
Čokoladni žepek - chocolate pocket.
Does it exist online
I feel a bit familiar with Morocco, since I had a friend who has been there as a tourist, another one who has been a surf instructor there, and I met a couple of people from Casablanca/Rabat at an exchange
Turkish invaders
The towns were never a single whole, but they literaly "touch" each other and are increasingly starting to function as a single urban area as the borders controls were abolished with Slovenia entering Schengen in 2008
1) Slovenia - born and lived there
Yes
It's not the same language, not because of foreign influences
If it's things like safety and suitability for children, we're on par with Scandinavia
We also have it in Slovenia
"Austrias greatest achievement is making the world believe Hitler was German and Mozart was Austrian."
thus proving I truly don't understand it, thanks for letting me know.
Short names are pretty popular these days.
Often I find myself conversing with anglos and others on this platform of what a nation is.
Russia is awesome
In and around the Soča/Isonzo valley, there's loads of stories about Napoleon and his army
A nice example of slovenian influence on german is, in my opinion, the name of the city of Gradec (Graz in german)
The simpler, the better
Not an insult, but definitely derogatory on an international level
> they have distinct words/phrases for the UK and its constituent countries
Kvass is only eastern Europe thing
Friend: "That's why we went to eat, to have strength for the evening
Finding parking lots can be hell, but other that that and driving through extremely narrow streets, I love it
In rural areas it's a lot more common
Yes, the Ljubljana speech of today is quite different from what it was in the past, due to a sizeable immigration from other parts of the country and other ex-Yu republics.
*Mesec* should only be used in a poetic way
It's the sensible thing to do
You ain't gonna tell across the whole bus
I think they have better ones now
The wikipedia page says the net average is well over 2000€. Slovenia has an average of around 1200
Oh no no, we have a saying here from the times of the old Yugo, I'm pretty sure you have it too
We can also instead say "gremo naprej", which mean we go on
(r) zastar
How would you go about making V4 countries do that?
For example, you start on a snowy local road where you need to use chains, but then get on a perfectly clean motorway where the chains are now a hindrance.
A question for those people who have the option to choose their native language in addition to English in video games.
In UK people are afraid to see themselves naked let alone strangers :D
Slovenian far right parts is close to Italian far right otherwise and when it comes to this they pretend Italians aren't saying anything rather than get upset and ruin otherwise cozy relations
Her sister, who barely started school, corrected her all prim and proper: "You must speak Slovenian, they can't understand you"  (she WAS speaking Slovenian, but in their dialect :D)
Historian Michael Allen described him as "the vilest individual in the vilest organization ever known"
>Interesting
Jews were expelled from the Austrian empire on several occasions and there were several attempts from Maria Theresia onwards to civilise the gypsies.
Brexit was about the EU, the question was clear.
Some already in ruins some that are nicely maintained
You can see that shit from france,netherlands and uk.
Oh man, thanx to your flair I was finally able to find 'Bella gerant alii....' proverb that I tried to tell to a friend a couple of weeks ago but couldn't remember words from Latin classes I had more than a decade ago.
Foster care is usually temporary, many foster parents are only doing it for the money, the kids have trouble adapting to a new home every few months/years, etc.
Šiška is in my opinion not that bad.
This video also tels you the Germans are to blame for WW1.
It schnapps with berries
it actually died about a year ago :( I miss it
Savero I
I had no problems with my internet for well over a decade at this location.
Local dialect at home and in free time, standard language in school/church/TV.
Is the net average really so low
China is one of the worlds biggest polluters and they are not #1 economically.
Sammatti F
Without Hitler there would be no TITOs yugoslavia.
But none of them has the same cultural role as the cowboy figure has for the US
Brno was a popular new year party destination a decade ago for many Slovenian students
I'm sorry if it came across that way, but it wasn't intended as chastising, just as pointing out something that isn't well-known in "the west".
In Slovenia I think the nicest buildings are kindergartents
Thanks for correcting me, I didn't know that
Fire salamander brandy
Idk where you've been stopped, but in Gorizia/Nova Gorica you can't even spot the border if you don't know where it is
It's clear the international community will tolerate a "reasonable" amount of genocide.
Russia is a cheap place, most of your money will go for a visa
Thank you
You can find recipes to prepare them in old cookbooks, but I've never seen anyone prepare and eat them in my life
Everything's better on their side of the Alps.
Our government made it illegal to sell desinfectant and other protective gear to anyone but government institutions
Crap, I thought this was a Slavic thing, like tracksuits.
One that I know from the top of my head is an old TV series [Bojan] And [Maček Muri]
Dude: "Fuck that, you're gonna vomit all over her
Then you're being ripped off anyway because you should drink tap water.
I hope you dont think asians are somewhat different in this.
Truly a sight never before caught on camera.
And there have never been real fascism....
Arpanet was only a mainfraim sharing system.
In 3 or 4 millenia they'll celebrate Christmas on February.
They're quite popular here, especially NBA.
In written form, I can distinguish all of them.
And even more, if all the energy that's put into alcohol abuse and hating & blaming all the other Balkan states for our misfortunes was instead put into research, development and innovation
Lol
I currently work in a hotel and yes, the Israelis are dreaded.
Still, I don't think the EU in its current form is working for us either.
I like it much more when she sings in German.
We have a funny one too, we have Zbogom (sometimes written as Z Bogom) which literally means (go) with god
Half a litre (that's a bit less than a pint right) of Staropramen or Tuborg is 1.5€ at the bar I like most, but that's 0.5€ cheaper than just about anywhere else so I'd say average it's 2€ per half litre of beer.
What was theirs, that I took from them, and is no longer in their possession?
You either are a German citizen or you aren't.
In my time discipline was still pretty strict, I've had a few serious spankings done with a rug beater or if I was lucky with a large wooden cooking spoon.
Sometimes I find myself looking for a word in Slovene but know the exact translation in a language I'm not even fluent and do use google translate to reverse translate it so I don't think it is only because of extensive use of foreign language (It may be age ;) )
Which is even worse
Do you not have police undercover?
That could be it yes, our Primorci are influenced by Italians a lot
There's probably at least 5 vastly different narratives about that one for every 3 people you ask
Street and place signs are perhaps the most obvious manifestation of bilinguism
Almost 600 years
And IIRC, Westminster recently tried to pass a bill that would remove some of those devolved powers from the parliaments back to itself
They were the most liberal empire
Well in case mass orders would drive the cost down, sure :D Nuclear is not always the most cost-effective idea, it really depends on available resources and pre-existing infrastructure
Бог је Србиј и он че наш чувати
I was not that long ago
Churchill is being criticized in the House of Commons for not doing more to prevent Italy from joining the Axis in WW2
The first (and only) level of subdivision are municipalities (212 of them with population ranging from 500 to 300
where is cheese spread
And we use Klaftra/Klafter for firewood as well
Doesn’t sound very bad-ass to me lol
The anwser is eight
Police keeps people safe and brings order to the system we live in so that you and I can walk outside without feeling we gonna die any moment
I won't speak for them but my guess is that they wouldn't consider a 50:50 Dane+Pole Danish either
It's fine to stop and taste their "Kremšnita" (local pastry), but despite it being the most well-known Slovenian tourist place, trust me when I say that Bohinj blows it out of the water (try the local "Grmada" pastry there :)
That law had other things included, not just marriage.
Depends on what part of Croatia he's from.
Gotta watch what you say or you might as well get stabbed by someone
Sounds like my family from mum and dad's sites
Poleg tega, da sn izkušen v golorokem boji mam tuji dostop do celega arsenala slovenske vojske in ga bom tuji uporabo dokler te nea odfuka s totega kontinenta, auha frdamana
Not the best solutions for fire safety, but now there are other priorities
[I still have them :\)]
Ja, drug Merkur
>Es war einmal eine alte Frau, die lebte bei den Hottentotten
It's kinda overrated the beaches are better in Dalmatia
In terms of Crimea, we have no Crimea
In Slovenia I think the nicest buildings are kindergartents
Another immigrant wave and Britain triggering article 50 all at once.
It would cause a significant climactic disturbance, specifically a severe temperature drop in the lowest-lying of regions.
Nah if you want something with yogurt just order burek
It's a stupid and dangerous gamble and she lost it.
Actualy acording to the documents you people signed you also need to call it Koroška.
You don't study sociology and philosophy in high school?
Therefore I can't really definitively say.
But they're not made like strapachka.
man
If a holiday falls on the weekend, tough luck.
Without going into too much detail to avoid further shitstorms, let's just say that neither side was really angelic.
die Beutelratte in einen Sack steckte und mitnahm
but they do not operate as attractors of new population
That was technically a replacement of an older, more polluting, power plant.
Given your comment history, you're clearly a drive-by troll.
Še nisi bil v mercatorju ko so popusti za upokojence?
I think it's just like in America - conservativism, "let's go back to the good times", in Europe means before EU, most people don't realise it's all rose tinted glasses though.
looks very similar to [novo mesto]
Can't find the video anywhere, so no link
Some 30 000 Croats, some 30 000 Bosniaks, some 50 000 Serbs.
What they do with it after, I don't know.
They are much more moderate muslims then those in middle east.
Italy for its military prowess or lack thereof
In some cases it could be said that the Constitutional Court is the de facto highest court, as you can lodge a constitutional appeal if your constitutional rights have been infringed even after your case was decided at the Supreme Court
you should try if you didnt yet Venice, Amsterdam, Istanbul
Allthough Iwas so surprised by some of the cities being so high up
Can't count how long I spent sitting by Anger, watching people pass by
In a city, meh, you'll get a some glances if you're not a typical white dude/gal, probably occasional remarks, other than that, nobody cares
Are you next going to claim BiH is bosniaks while serbs and croatians should fuck of?
> The Christmas truce
My dude, that's really weird
Look up, you might be in some good company
Thats why we have UN pece kepers, to keep the genocidal albanians at bay.
> to help Europe
Cmon man he was half slovenian
He would have lost his majority if Republica Srpska would have joined Srbija
That's so cool
In my country Slovenia, it's pretty good.
With each passing year people give less fucks about it.
1 nothing wrong with it just how automatics are.
Why does this man get so much of media's attention?
People are moving to Germany, Ireland.
In practice it's just another grammatical number.
Oooh and we also like salamanders
I wouldn't be surprised honestly
Trying to force the russians out also only strenghens transnistrians pro russian stance.
This reads like a propaganda piece.
The biggest excess of students applying to a program is on AGRFT (Academy of theatre, radio, film and television), particulary on 'Stage Acting' program.
Good for your that you ever had one.
They could have built a giant wall on Mexican border with that kind of money.
We are interested in Europe here.
I might be a little late to the party, but don't try Italy, especially southern Italy without knowing at least a little bit of Italian (or having someone knowing Italian along with you).
non-fiction/philosophy: Foucault.
Poles Are Building The First Pagan Temple After Hundreds of Years
Ofc it's not happening anytime soon, but as a thought experiment, if it were to happen through the magic of newly found friendship and trust, I find it highly optimistic to believe that the US could do major damage if going to war against all of Europe + Russia, simply because invading and keeping up logistics across an ocean isn't quite that easy
It's called religions and ethics and it's not only about Catholicism
Id say its probably cuz they couldnt aford bathing suits
Back to Schengen: Commission proposes that the Council allows Member States to maintain temporary controls for another three months
No matter how unlikely, I hope it happens soon
How police and criminal organizations work
Very embarrassing
To je res sam 20 k žensk nismo mel že of 1924...
WHYYY, HOOOW
Doest the high amount of oxigen bother you or something?
"Proper" / literary language is taught in all schools here and everyone will write in it, many people will also speak it in highly formal occasions, but otherwise they will speak in their local dialect
You are welcome
Zato bolje zate, da se pripraviš na nevihto, gej.
Homeless women were pretty much unheard of.
There are plenty of people who don't work and just collect their support.
Austria must stay neutral acording to it.
De Mestre fin Portogalo xe tuta campagna!
Is it just staying somewhere during week to study and coming home during weekends
The "condolences" part is an usual phrase - I mean, not expressing condolences would sound hostile to Cuba, and we aren't really enemies.
Regarding your country it takes me 1 hour to drive across your country, nobody stops in your country unless they need to take a shit on the way to Croatia sea side.
We learned more about The Mayans, Incas and Aztecs than north American natives.
Man 10% of my country is from bosnia.
I guarantee out team does not care, fans would probably be annoyed if anything and other people don't really bother with any activism
I never claimed I wanted any of the things you people wrote in this thread.
Simple and obvious
I thought OP was refering to "East of Italy", "Germany" and "Switzerland" as being in Eastern Europe which they are clearly not.
Personally, on the off-chance that I encounter some revisionist or irredentist Italian, Austrian, or Hungarian that makes claims to our modern-day territory, I just start poking fun at them that they couldn't even erase our culture back in their glory days, so trying today would probably lead to us taking over Rome/Vienna/Budapest
So what do a local Pub and a local CLub have in common?
Same in Slovenia
Wow thanks, that's clever actually
there’s a whole country between Austria and Croatia
[False friends between Slavic languages]
Mostly by just selling everything to anyone, which meant we sold our biggest retail chain to Croatian company, that also imploded, and now one of the biggest employers and it's chain of linked professions, that by some accounts employs, or rather has people dependant on it (farmer with exclusive deals, various smaller industries, for whom this is their biggest trade partner) around 40% of all employed people is in a "limbo" between going under or being sold off to Russians, who might just sell it off to get back what the Croatian company owes them
Although Jager has a lot of good quality local products
At one point they just started dressing them in their traditional clothes.
Yeah, a bit like the Gordian knot
We have a joke that Hofer cashiers go to work at other shops for their holidays
So you are saying fuck Italy, Trst, Istra & Gorica naša so pravica?
Its usually the croat women (which are beautiful by the way, even more then serbian in my opinion) that do that.
Mobile: go to r/AskEurope subbredit and click the three dots in the upper right corner
Might be different at the coast because they have the most Italian influences but probably not.
We even got annoyed that restaurants wouldn't give you tap water and now they have to
The longest I spent at a café was about 5 hours
He, his ministers, a lot of prominent party members, and a few rich hungarians are majority shareholders in right-wing media houses like Demokracija and Nova24
There's the Brdo-Brijuni Process which is a summit of ex-Yugoslav and Albanian leaders.
I know my grandfather would get dismissed often by the dutch or british because we had different plans and because he came from a small country.
Battle of the Golden Spurs
The plan was to avoid the unfinished dam by exiting the boats upstream, carrying them along the bank and continuing downstream
You can't go from being best friends with everyone to a time where those same guys were supposed to be the enemies over night.
Even a voluntary agreement has weight and you are now reneging.
Some are actually quite good
Ye we know you hate slovenians prc, but to hate mixed people like zlovenci that is a sin against humanity.
A Slovenian that doesnt hike and garden and is not in a feud with a neighbour
I seem to be a minority :)
Seen as stupid or naive
Well nor does it go with filane paprike or sarma, but oh well
Well, Trump has less than a year to fulfill his duty as US president to get US military involved in new war (for them, war can already take place, US just has to enter it)
But it's done in the winter, obviously, because it's cold.
In that case I have no idea how they transported troops.
In Czechia a little less so
If you caught a 12 yo toddler
Tbh, most of the songs we send are trash
^grinninggoatman^grinninggoatman^grinninggoatman
Say what you want, you balkanits are very nationalistic.
great map
There were two boxes, into which you tossed a metal ball into, the against communists was black and supposedly lacked any lining so every vote cast into it was heard by everyone there.
But I still vote and am responsible for who runs this republic.
As many others have written already, every country's history curriculum goes through general history and the history of its own country.
they are not selling the stuff in the ghettos and slums , that would be dumb.
I guess that's one of the reasons we call anything unaesthetic 'czech'.
The constitutions of the SHS kingdom and Kingdom of Yugoslavia were both heavliy influenced by serbian centralism, thus they did not want to divide the country in administrative divisions that would represent nations
lol, sej vem da je srat po sloveniji neki najbolj slovenskega, ampak statistika kaze neki druzga poba!
Never in my life have I heard somebody call someone else pobalin or cefizelj
Google translate:
We couldnt leave municipaty, all bussines except grocery stores were clossed, we couldnt go to the doctor unless it was an emergency
I am sincerely hoping for an actual winter this year, because last two snowless winters made me lowkey depressed
you really don't need a pipeline for oil, just an oil terminal at a port
Slovenia has some ugly cities like Jesenice or Trbovlje, but they're not really to be ashamed of
Especially with modern weaponry, which a combo of EU + Russia would definitely have
I think that divides the country more
With ragu sauce
US avoided second wave by not ending first one
The former has two cities dating back to Roman times (Celje and Ptuj) and there are some Roman-related things along the highway as you travel east (well-signposted)
Team trees
I took a different approach and put sugar AND coffe in warm water, then boil it.
How many of you know what Germany is doing to tha Balkans to keep up the sharade of them relying on unreliable power aources
Our country is firmly commited to it.
Who
If we can count that
No offense but as Governor of Bank of the England , he is hardly unbiased...
The only optional one is for girls for HPV I believe
Well, we have become kind of a cycling superpower in recent years with Primož Roglič and Tadej Pogačar
We became an US appreciation subreddit for April Fools, as a joke about how obnoxious Americans can be
It all comes from the Fenitians man.
I could be mistaken, but Posavje is one of the most important arteries of the Slovenian power infrastructure
If Slovakia overtakes us, I swear to Triglav I'll go to parliament and beat somebody up.
Austria (in its various forms) 1000 years and with Carantanja before.
I apologize it should be biggest nation without a state.
The only time you see them is when someone tries to be in touch with the youth, and fails, because they used too many hashtags.
"To je kot Španska vas" - This is like a Spanish village to me is a saying when you have 0 knowlage about something
Macedonia is not an EU mem and I think we shouldn't be playing a policeman.
[Here's] something about it by ETSC
Visit Lipica Stud Farm estate in different way and enjoy the beautiful moments.
It means you follow the laws and social laws of the country you're in.
What you probably ment is Castilian.
Some formations they are prepared to construct is just baffling, while I have trouble dumbing my writing down to the level I'm reasonably sure they will understand
My mom says milk in plastic bags was available in the 80's but so was milk in carton, glass and plastic bottles.
So you could say it's complicated.
Much
Given name (only one) + father's surname, or on rare occasions both father's and mother's surname
What's so stupid about it
We call it Sveti Nikolaj or Miklavž for short.
Other words I can find for it are kedrjola, tolige/talige/telige/tulige, talička, tačke, kolica, kolečka, somovoznica, samotežnica, karla, denper, trogarca, grodek, [kankole] The proper word for it is "samokolnica".
It is up to native English speakers if they want to adopt the short version or not.
Eating horse meat
You'd annoy us by calling us Eastern European
Actualy it caried ower to Yugoslavia from Slovenia.
Some words sound really stupid
"....At the same time, this was also a period of the large Slovene exodus when almost half a million people left Slovene territory between 1870 and 1914
I know they exist and I can go find them in the specific dictionaries when needed, but I'd probably laugh at anyone using them casually
It's always "the guys who raided us" or "the guys who enslaved hundreds of thousands of our people" and so on
Live from Slovenia
One Serbian woman on Facebook was threatening that she better not see anymore Americans in her country
Im in Sarajevo as well and there was no shaking
Although they calmed down a bit now
But still they can clearly show where one comes from
You hit flies, you never hit a bird or rabbit
The most important thing is not to let it go.
As a tall man, I find this to be an effective method for head scratching
It's not an institution or religion, it's people
Cajger - Zeiger - clock hand
You can see them clearly at the bottom in the [picture that's on Wikipedia]
In Slovenia we use word palacinka but in my village in Upper Carniola we do sometimes use word omleta for palacinkas.
I'm sure you can go back no problems.
It was officially abolished on constitutional level when we got our independence in 1991, but even in socialist Yugoslavia it was rarely practiced
It is true, particulary Unicef
My entire country is a no-go zone for migrants
It is Socialist Russia, get it right, Capitalists
Nop, you can put your kid in the public day care.
The inhabitants of Trieste were also originally the Friulians and the Slovenes, not the later Venetians who tried to assimilate both
Small kids wear slippers, similar to the ones on the first pic
I've seen all kinds of people use them there and they're all so nice and welcoming
I can't find the hostel on hostelworld anymore, which is where we booked it from
It's said that every Slovenian home used to have zither
The guy then left the package with my neighbour.
If we count different sets of case endings for the "same gender" as a different gender, Slovenian has 12
Or I am too used to it because it's pretty much the same here.
Such naming makes it sound way too blasé for the severity of the procedure.
A random person from west Slovenia has much more in common with Italians than with someone from east Slovenia, for example, and we're tiny
Well in case mass orders would drive the cost down, sure :D Nuclear is not always the most cost-effective idea, it really depends on available resources and pre-existing infrastructure
I'm personally more of a chestnuts guy, to be honest.
The fact that you're grouping all of Muslims together into one homogeneous group tells a lot about your mental capacity.
Another example could be the 6th block of the Šoštanj coal powerplant
Hiking is very popular in Slovenia
We would play in the sandbox and pour water over it to make quick sand and then splash it.
Tracksuit in the streets, sweatpants with tanktop, white socks & knock-off sandals (Adibas and the like) in the sheets
Usually accompanied with some oily, fatty sauce to hide its taste
Young lives again, stay strong Turkey!
While morally the answer would be no I am serious practically everybody on this site would give it a thought if not accept it straight
In Slovenia we have a mandatory vaccination program
Best winter ever
However, I know some lower education schools have huge problems with, I don't know how to say it nicely, some non or barely Slovene speaking population of students or even non-students threatning other students.
r/comedyheaven
Because YOU DESTURBED HIM IN THE MIDLE OF THE WOODS.
The US has the power to stop that and tell them that they can't have one without the other.
In kaj je za tebe kultura
hrvat je tat avstrijec je kradljivec italijan je cigan
When I was in school it usually started at 8:00
Ok, why do you think they do this?
Ye, i feel like we are more alike then to our southern slavic brothers.
A thousand extra Muslims won't make Slovenia any more Islamic.
I know this is not the popular opinion, but if we alowe ethnicly homogoneus states to become melting pota, we will have truble.
I was born after the breakup of Yugoslavia, so I have zero experience with it.
It had a Slovene majority in till 13 century probably, Most of styria did.
The way I remember it as security across Europe was on higher level of awareness that time.
Read the book "The blody history of Croats" it will broaden your horisons.
Idk, basically just a lot of Albanians and Bosnians
Thank you for mentioning that
What else is there to say
I'd like to add [Leon Štukelj] Born in 1898 he was the first gold medalist for Yugoslavia(which Slovenia was part off) in 1924.
We have no industry so it rather easy 😆
Slovenia is Central European
Every part of the country has a distinctive accent that's in various degrees far from the literary standard (which almost nobody knows properly).
I kept the line over 7 for longer though, because it was better for making it obviously different from letters
Kua - krava - Kuh - cow
I mean, they won't shun you or make your life harder, but you'll always be a stranger
Slovenia 2nd happiest country in central Europe
although this doesnt apply for the example you posted, its because even "i dont know" is an answer
my kindle (survived diving in sea
Why would anyone not want to condem nazism?
You'd have to ask someone who doesn't understand it to get proper results.
However lately a lot of wanna be posh people give their children 2 names, as if they were of blue blood, though their parents most likely still live on a farm
In Slovenia we (colloquially) use both
HAHAA Nikolić became the prime-minister.
Yeah, but the probability that such a person exists is far higher among islamists than it is among PVV supporters.
Očitno ti živiš v eni popolnoma drugi državi al pa imaš zelo izkrivljen pogled na svoje sonarodnjake
Bosnians are mostly secular, middle easterns aren't.
It comes from bisaga - a type of a bag
[Screenshot of Viktor Orban's Facebook post congratulating Donald Trump on his victory.]
It's the same recipe as OP's.
Hell I forgot about this religion sentiment, that is pretty genius that it can be interpreted either way
Mind you, while pretty, it's pretty inaccurate
Haven't killed any of the cows, pigs, other fish or turkeys I had for dinner but I may get the opportunity for the latter.
support a small dicked dictator with an inferiority complex burning my country to the ground.
To be a EU cityzen you have to be a cityzen of a member state
"And I would just like to remind you of your democratic right and duty to vote in today's elections.
if its of any consolation, the rest of us have the same opinion of the folks from Ljubljana
The Baltic states want NATO there.
And a board game where you have to pick up fruit from trees and some others, possibly by the same brand
Seeing Poland become Europes Pakistan.
I will for the regions I've never been: Molise
Fuck all, that's what
- Nymphadora Tonks - Fatale Tanga
It also looked like the graphic designer did his job for the first time ever
I don't mind Ljubljana accent at all.
Res zelo žalostno razmišljaš.
It looks crazy because they use digraphs for single sounds
But then after that I'm good again until the last one - Galați, Romania
well
would it be comforting to say :it could be worse?
It's the genetics
Us media and politician usually use 'liberal' as in for gay rights, not being religious, pro abortion etc
There are things we have to learn about it in 8th grade of *domovinska kultura in etika* (it gets renamed every couple of years and it's mainly about various religions, the workings of the government, courts, presidents, national assembly etc
You are in /r/Europe, not in /r/Slovenia.
Anything else cant be warped and bent
the country should be spending more
Pubec je ena najgrših besed
> Hirscher
[Yes.] It's basically cordon bleu.
oooof hit a weak spot haven't I? How dare I compare the all mighty englishman to a filthy american
Considering how many ppl in the West are overweight, some practical exposure to efficient and/or healthy food prep would be good for kids
There are new dogs dropped there all the time
You know, I was all for independent Scotland, until you (your government) said, that you'd stay in commonwealth, and not become a republic.
in the background we see a Mig.
for your child or husband/wife death 3 days, for parents 2 days, for sister/brother death or grandparents only 1 day
I have an hour long commute to school every day and I take a train
Also we spend our summers on your coast and listen to your music
Ducat (dozen) - mainly eggs, but even they are sold in 10s nowadays
There's no mystery to it
Also I'm not sure why the countries with higher number (better, obviously) are red and countries with lower (worse) are green.
Nothing special, but it shows what americans are like
Wow, that was so sweet, yes many people kinda know how to speak Croatian, because of Yugoslavia, my generation (after 1991) don't really know the language that well, we do have plenty of Bosnians here who really like to talk loudly in public spaces, meaning i do get to learn some words, there isn't a sentence they say, without a curse word lol
We have it too although I've seen it in this [version] more often
I switch to Croatian when it doesn't, especially with numbers
no not really, i think it has many factors.
A bit more inconvenient, since it would go by land, but in a scenario where the EU and Russia grow that close, it's reasonable to assume that land infrastructure between them has been vastly improved, and China is already building its Silk Road 2
Being a secular country does not mean no religion it just means that government and religion are separated.
Seriously though, the weather here isn't usually that hot
A saw a car with license plates from Malta a few years ago
Unfortunately this happens
The vast majority of the foreigners I've met - either those who came here or who were born in the country - go from those who are completely unassimilated to those who speak heavily-accented, broken Slovene and still act like they were somewhere in the middle of the Balkans.
The PRS later evolved in the SRS (Socialst republic of Slovenia) and in 1991 aquiring independence from Yugoslavia in the process of its breakup
I'm guessing most people don't really care
It's when you hear somebody speaking and you don't immediately think "Ah, he's from that part of the country".
I don't know who is the owner of infrastructure and I don't think it is as much of an issue as forcing the packet deals
I just know they happened
Alpine skiing, cross-country skiing and ski jumps all draw drunk and loud crowds
71 are tree species (10 conifer species).
How to set your flair:
Exactly, i welcome your decision to leave.
You really think people don't do that here?
A deal would still result in the UK leaving and compromising the rest of the union just to make it easier for the UK is just not going to happen
Agamar sounda dope
Well I'm a bit vulgar and use "v pizdi" which would be "in vagina" in english
Even the noble realized that there was no way to save his daughter, Marjetica
It's getting bigger isn't it
There is this one thing [Erazem's Knight Tournament]
Most of those built by Yugoslavia are still in use
Usually when talking about them to someone else
I wonder how many lived in Europe
Didn't know why Italians until I met 2 different groups of Italians at a diffrrent time, blocking the exit of a bar, just chatting there, with plenty of room anywhere else
Dump her for a normal slavic girl
So I wouldn't say that this is racist
Another interesting story about the time Turks were invading, is linked to the village of "Hudajužna". Locals have the legend that it's name comes from when Turks were camping near by and just as they were having lunch, all the church bells in near by villages started ringing and (there's a chance I mixed my myths up, but I think people just came with similar stories) saint Mary again appeared and turned them to stone, or destroy them
I want a sandwich with 10 dekagrams of salami and 5 dekagrams of cheese, and a nice 7 deciliter bottle of water, damn it
Mostly yes with nostalgia but there is still huge part that considers him as a villain, it is more on a family division in WWII
Again, this is not an official information
I stopped following AC after Black Flag because their system requirements became too damn high.
French coffee is also utter shit, so not sure why his face
you dont understand
Maybe a separate kingdom that could have included modern day Slovenia, Croatia and Bosnia could have formed, thus completely diverting the way these areas developed from the 18th century onwards (under Habsburg supremacy)
This explains this whole thread actually.
Our political class seems to follow the EU policy and hence be kinda passively against Russia.
Nah, hanging just doesn't seem appropriate for a monarch.
45 is Viertel vor 7 or something like that
I have never experienced a temperature below -9° C, but its probably really bad
Terrorism databases usually count incidents that happened before July 1991 as terrorism.
yes loads of bad and sick interests on all sides and absolutely no regards for human lives, even their own countryman
Whoa, arent people protesting there for several months now
Eggs and testicles are both jajca
Of course, that is how it was originally planned after WW1 to prevent Austria and Hungary from ever again merging ;)
Any excuse for a party is ok with me.
Dear jesus, you're making this a thing.
Like straight couples could get married anywhere (hotel venues, parks, castles) with an official present while gay couples could only get "same-sex registered" at small dingy local administration offices
We pay 30€ for a connection like this
&#x200B;
Something something Austria's parking lot
Worse as in geographical distance from real location but better because who the heck wants to be associated with Russia?
Maybee OP shouldnt spread melitious propagand.
They say its a beautifull country.
Drog - > kntlabr - > pole
I've heard Frisian is somewhat intelligible with Old English
We were under german rule for 1000 years, how is that recent?
People live there
> but you'll always be a stranger
ah the famous albanian protector of refugees.
It is unconstitutional to discriminate people based on their personal circumstances.
Most American ones
But in general, yes, we are doing better than other ex Yugoslavia countries
And if you're interested in WW2, there's a monument to the partisans and the red army together with 2 field guns from the time
Spain is, imo, the best tourist destination in Europe
The Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (FERI) recently developed and withe the help of ESA launched the first Slovenian satellite
I usually look for the ř in Czech, the rz in Polish and the lack of either on in Slovak.
Bat jur norsamerikn ingliš spelink is rekrsivli brejkink maj brejn
Despite having the EURO, they are not in the EU
Our national team has some players that are from the UK, but are of Slovenian descent, so we are probably much better with them than we would be otherwise
You can technically ask them to leave the packet, and while afaik they aren't allowed to do it, some might
Relax, it will not last longer than [6 hours]
Where did they get their state from, and I talk about medieval state, the one that had access to three different seas (hue) and the one that left enough of an imprint that you didn't all assimilate into Turks?
"It's free real estate
Hirscher is a passe
And Nigeria with their kingdom of princes.
We certainly have the best trolls around these subs.
edit: mixed up east and west - it's late -_-
can confirm on Bran, of all the castles seen in Transylvania this was the most meh, it seemed artificial somehow, like its made of cardboard, and the museum was poorly stacked
bog - god
Terrorism and migrants are a direct result of the EU.
I will never understand why is terrorizem, human trafficking, rasizem, nacizem and any kind of negative behaviour necessary.
Some people in Trieste have no clue where Slovenia is.
I can't help you on which programme is better since I don't study there.
yes
Ukraine: so close
P.S. Nick the Greek reminds me of Lock, Stock And Two Smoking Barrels :)
Only a few carriages are gendered in Japan.
Oh look, we have something in common.
Some people on Reddit have said that they carry concealed even in places like shops or restaurants declared as "gun-free". Could you do so with a reasonable level of impunity since police can't search you without probable cause
All we got in Ukraine was suppression of the Russian language, the government's official stance never was "get rid of the Russians themselves".
Initially it was meant to cost about half a billion euros
My nephews, nieces, and cousins under the age of 20 are waaay more clueless than my mom when handling a computer, and she isn't exactly brilliant at it either
Right now it looks like the government is basically just waiting for those older people with large pensions to die off and those who are yet to retire, will do so under not so generous conditions.
We have this in some stores in Slovenia as well
That's because you're Slavs
If you visit Slovenia again, may I recommend a trip to the Skocjan Caves and the nearby Predjama Castle
We are living in an age of loneliness, especially impacting young boys/men
The town had around 50
All i said is if they fell or were thrown on hard ground they aren't good as new
First Greenfel Tower hero then this
In that case, I think I'll pass
The highest officially measured temperature was around 41°C.
The same people who in america prevent abortions laws, and often support radical laws against homosexuals.
Clearly people did realise that the literal "train without brakes" in real life would be considers a worrisome thing?
How so
Shall we do a dark rye bread exchange, bred-fren
Now that we are in a civilized subreddit, I think all should be fine
Absolutely
I bet it causes them loses they could avoid with metric jars.
When I visited America last summer I got made fun of for using "fake British slang" when I'm not a Brit, and in Ireland where I've lived for more than 2 years I get called out on my "fake American accent" when I should apparently be speaking with either a perfect Irish or a thick Slavic one
Germans were mobilizing everyone once they started running out of soldiers.
In the last 6 years, Italy has had 5 different prime ministers.
Some people sip if they're drinking some of the stronger stuff but it's really better to just swallow it down.
That applies mostly to the media.
Basically this:
-Geographical Eastern Europe is harder to define, because it depends on which regions one uses (East/West, East/West/Central, East/West/Central/North/South, East/West/Central/North/South/Southeast/Southwest,...), and because there aren't any geographical markers to go by (like the Ural mountains for example)
Both tanks are being deployed as we speak
Ofc i like fellow Slavs over bunch of kebabs.
Belgium was a mistake
*Gulf of Piran intensifies*
Lets take a look at the two leaders of Russia and USA:
That was in late 90's early 00's, it has yet to progress from there
This photo I think will be one for the history books
Italians in Netherlands or Italians in Italy?
Austrians havent anexed us back, for now.
I suggest just reading and speaking more so it improves with time
Say wololo again, I dare you, I double dare you motherfucker
It's exaggerated
If you don't like Fire salamander brandy/močeradovec there is gadovec/Adder brandy
Well, that depends on what countries will you be visiting.
It's also missing a bunch of cities
Even in Slovenia, just a few years after getting our independence from Yugoslavia, those widows were already pretty damn common, though not as much as now(now, 99% of the widows are like that, in every house and institution, unless it's a REALLY old, non-renovated building with the original windows or something)
I did go along with people for things like burek (particularly the pizza style filling seems to be popular at night), pizza slice, fried chicken or different forms of kebab
Savinjska
well how pools cannot be used as absolute truth.
bat - piston
Otherwise it's a very safe city and violent crime is extremely rare
Only in high school though, some require it in primarz though its very rare.
Propaganda
It's basically boomer humour and "haha man from ex-YU country funny". I think satire is also kinda popular, even our ex PM was a part of a satirical show
I say "vesele praznike" (meaning happy holidays) to the friends I won't see until next year and everyone I know does as well.
Singapore for supplying rifles to us, even is ammunition caused lots of horrible deaths on Yugoslav side
Here, there are some village where a specific name is used for the old inhabitants and a different name for newcomers.
Like we say it is half seven (like in German, it means at 6
And sirprisingly enoutj since this is HDZ we are talking about.
Firstly there is no need for profanity.
Slovenian here
Si zvedel o njih v šoli ali kako drugače?
The other one would be a nonspecific placed called vukojebina, the literal translation would be "place where wolves fuck".
Yes, some (most?) schools have gardens for planting stuff.
> Pavel Svoboda
I was looking for an answer from a fellow Slovene
***Pikčasta ptička v pikčasti kletki*** A spotted bird in a spotted cage, but if they say it wrong, and they almost all do, you get a Cunt bird in a cunt cage
*opica:* afne skačejo po drevesih
But so is in Germany, Austria, Hungary, Slovakia
there's somersby and it's popular among young women, but not really to a large extent otherwise at all.
And you'd freeze your ass off in about 30 minutes
Ok, look EU is a federation of 510mil .
Damn you're ugly
There's plenty enough space if those on the left move to the left and those on the right move to the hard shoulder
Idk man, a lot of other EU countries can actually speak english at a very decent level across all ages
It is a thing
Perhaps I favour Russia because my country has no bad blood with them, or I'm still clinging to the old 19th century idea of Pan-Slavism, but I'd sooner appease Russia, which is basically in our backyard, than continue this unhealthy relationship with the USA
However Ljubljana has a rivalry with basically any other city in the country
Well -nig(g) is the germanized version and so not common in Slovenia, but the original \`ik\` very much still is
They come at night and butt rape you...or are that vampires.
According to these sites 57% of people have a pet.
I see a lot of ads asking for it
A trucker may want to listen to a radio in his own language while hauling across the continent, but I guess most of them just don't bother with it.
To me it's just bland, tasteless quick eat-stuff :)
when I was in high school, the girls were the ones drinking more than everyone.
Even I, as a non-Croatian speaker understand that.
[Source] (original source, Croatian daily newspaper)
My ex said, before he knew our culture, that we sound disappointed
[Here's one] in Slovenian which might be google translateable (feel free to PM me if any translations don't make sense)
Because traditions
This comment is still the most infuriating thing I have ever seen on reddit
I bet some people went "basement jokes heh, I guess they really like basement or whatever"
It doesn't make sense in any possible way.
Some might also fall under the "culturally" christian and go to a church once a year near christmas.
Yes, Slovenia is a central power
This was a first in history of Slovenia
If you needed help at some subject or if you needed extra work if normal work was to easy then you started some days at 7:10
So Hitler attacked Yugoslavia with help of Hungarian and italian forces.
Klutsch - ključ - Schlussel - key
HAHA
drug - someone else
It was not untill later my mum told me about how everything was shaking
[Here] it is stated that there were 24.000 people at The Killers
Lets not turn this into the next Eurosong.
id sign a petition to officially "shun" him.
I admire your sentiment, but as someone from a tiny country that's been someone's b**** for all of history up until 91, I share that stance with /u/Eurovision2006
It includes an excellent used-book "shop" *Bukvarna Ciproš* (I really doubt they get anything more than to break even on expenses since "contribution to book preservation" is really low - they just quickly look at what you collected and charge as much for the whole pile of hard-to-find-anywhere-else bok as you might pay for one or two of the books in an actual shop selling used books), residing in the former flour warehouse
I don't know how relevant this is to your question, I hope it helps
Nope, because Switzerland is basically a foretress in the Alps with lots of ready man power.
It's not unusual for some cafes to open at 6am (before COVID), so people can go for a quick coffee before work
But, hey, if you have the energy to fight, go for it.
Your sloths walk
I dont know in poland, but in slovenia they cant do anything
Maybe all you need a senior's friendly politician.
It's like saying Slovene culture is almost the same as Norwegian culture because YOU don't listen to Slovene music and follow religion
Its about protecting taxi drivers.
The class above mine had 3, but gained one because one of my classmates was allowed to skip 1st grade since she already knew how to read, write and do basic math
for example the Byzantine and the Otoman empires
The profit and interest was with individuals running the countries and not countries in general
Ironically enough, your username is three letters away from the name of a [city] that was supposedly a popular destination for escaping nazis.
Entire Slovenia felt it
Cries in Slovenian
Thank you Croatia for all the summer vacations, my childhood wouldn't be the same without you
Pretty much what you described for Switzerland
France is for French values
I think calling us this would be much more risky.
However, the quality varies a lot and some sections were clearly designed by people who've never ridden a bike
I think you would get more responses if you would describe what "worker cooperatives" is.
Everywhere else = nothing
If you go to a kebab(döner) place
And those who are, aren't public anyway.
I almost never watch them, since they just make me miss the live music more, but they need all the support they can get
The country looks really nice (on google) though poor, I've heard good things about their hospitality and I like less "western" countries.
Hurt I don't know
Maybe because of the recent conflicts, but I find especially interesting the countries on the eastwards borders of Europe
Well done
Platforms though
Finding a "tourist farm" to sleep etc
Even as little as 100 years ago both Styria and Carinthia were still more than 1/3 Slovene
These poppies are most probably *Papaver rhoeas*, the field poppy (could also be some other *Papaver* - not so familiar with flora of Spain, field poppy does grow there and it's probably that)
Same in Slovenija
It gets media coverage (though small) and is everywhere on the internet.
Nataša Bučar Appointed Director of the Slovenian Film Center -
Or are you looking for newer ones?
Sing
I understand your generation is able to speak croatian/serbian/serbo-croatian, but my gen (and younger) just don't have the need to operate in that language.
Actually I have the feeling that if someone young admits that is religious, he gets weird reactions
There are definetly nice people there.
Other countries apart from Kosovo were already independent by the time you were born.
As for education and poverty, the former generally doesn't correlate with any kind of hiphop and the latter is relative
It's the same here in elementary school.
The fact that they tend to have multiple electoral lists in particular ciuntries also helps.
LMAO
Google search indicates that this is an image of "Hitler´s Eye Tunnel, Šibenik, Croatia" not the one on Vis
What have Turks got to do with communism?
Thus I speak Italian, Slovenian and am very familiar with Serb/Croatian/Bosnian
Although I do not believe these numbers, as they are way too low for my country...
There were also positive sides and my comment in this thread is about slovenia's disgousting secret, where religious people were the ones under threat
In Greek i know just some basic greetings and in Irish just some basic words, I find both languages beautiful though
Zakon
Slavic Europe is no better at describing things than Central Europe
if we didn't vote for stupid shit.
Beacuse its a country with 25 % foreigners.
That one counts
I dont have anything for independent slovenia, when we were still part of yugoslavia there were massive after war (II) murders, up until this point they have found 600 massive graves
People usually went to Italy to buy stuff that were not available in my country
polish death camps means death camps in poland, not that they were run by the polish
Arne and Sven, both present here for a few decades
Maybe it's time for a little general strike.
So do we
There are a lot more, but I can't remember them now
What I noticed is that we commonly get a flash of cold and sometimes snow already in the autumn, but then December is somewhat lukewarm
During mushroom seasons you'll see cars parked by the road next to a forest because they're searching for mushrooms.
*checks foundations of geopolitics suspiciously*
Oh we had the same game here
There’s a small ocean of logistics and transport companies in Koper - TPG, Intereuropa, GMT, just to name a few
it's an upbeat pop song
Some things in Lidl are OK quality, some not
I have "served" two Erasmus tours and planning another one.
Slovenia realy doesnt have a best bud.
But we're still doing "community work". I personally helped during many "major disasters" that happened in our country last 10 years or so
and use the metric system here.
Ljubljana = everything
I'd also add Borut, Iztok, Igor.
Well it was obviously upsetting enough that they expelled them all in 1945.
I have Irish friends, I know how problematic the church is in Ireland
North Korea
You can't even be a kindergarden teacher here without a uni degree.
The only reason not to put raisins in potica is if you do not like raisins
Every time I hear portuguese my brain goes "ok, this sounds like us, but i can't understand a single thing
It's also a diminutive of Stanislava.
##**Las Malvinas son Argentinas!**
I've heard that online banking in America works like this:
We had rabbit quite often growing up but I think most people get it from someone they know, not buy it in a supermarket, at least that's my experience
Just rebranded and new face but that is all.
They have their parallel italian school system from kidergarten to high school
Recognition I guess is how often does it get recommended by online travel sites, but Split is one of the larger tourist spots on the Croatian coast so yeah it gets plenty of recognition, but still not very much compared to other larger destinations.
However, nobody speaks this "variant" outside of very formal situations, be it speeches or the news
SLOVENCI, ASSEMBLE
It is also full of Christ-killers.
This is like blaming Western power imperialisem for ISIS.
This later changed and Austria took the whole peninsula.
I talked with a friend and his grandma started packing up and leaving as soon as it started
Croatia
so we can expect that one day we'll make fun of you for being small.
From what I know rahat lokum is [this] and Turkish delight [this]
I mean, Wilders's hair is enough reason for him to be put away.
You guys have legitimate grievances with Russia, I'm not denying that
Might also be skewed perspective, since I seem to have mostly seen the tournaments held in Czech republic and Poland
As for shorts, 4 °C is enough - usually you don't get that cold in legs as in arms
Someone already answered the question about Sud Tyrol.
Lol I can't immagine a baby named Pablo.
And I'm sure someone is going to argue about that anyway.
But the US is certainly way ahead of Europe, at least.
Best to throw people a bone to pick and have them outraged over this then over other stuff
That's not true
diverse
Holy shit, the divide between Spain and the UK.
I was surprised when I found out how many words derivate from German language are still commonly used in common language.
no offence but why are you moving?
(Serbo)-Croatian due to Yugoslavia and just general similarities
after all he has "stupid" as a part of his nickname...so at least somewhere he is true to himself
You were everywhere haha
for the last time
Ohh sorry, didn't think about that
>  10° - 15° is chilly, 1° - 9° is cold, and -9° to 0° is very cold
No, they can't, this is highway, there are fences, they would be able to come to a highway only on exits
Is that sub full of islam apologists?
He sounds like an immigrant from turkey.
The most likely one would probably be [Lower Styria ] it has a strong ideology and connection with Austria(Hitler referred to them as Windish)
I was visiting Prague this weekend for Metronome festival, attended the protest spontaneously today
I'd add Švabi for Austrians/Germans and Lahi for Italians, though these are a bit older
A modest homophobic narrative sprinkled with an ideological twist...
- Prekmurje: Totally non-understandable accent, poor, nobody knows what is going on there, they are also called "Hungarians".
Why should they be in any obligation to accomodate you?
I know theres a woman and Stare perhaps
I want a good railroad system so badly I would support any effort towards that
those arent VALUES, those are properties
Of all the cities in the world, they recommend the fridge.
Probably my favourite museum in my country is the [WW1 museum in Kobarid] It is showing about a front that is often ignored in history and in general
Congratulations from all sides
Homage to Catalonia 2018
Hinavščina je glavna in najmočnejša lastnost "THINK OF THE CHILDREN" partije, tako v Sloveniji kot tudi drugod po svetu.
It's also a character in famous childrens books/movies about Kekec.
Way to go
We have special pens for left-handed here
For example, I remember that Goodfellas gave me nightmares, but Indecent Proposal left me only aroused.
I ride an [old Rog bike] as well, but this one has gears
I merely stated what happenes here, how is that stupid?
I'm not saying "menstrual leave" is a good idea, and I don't want it, but I can tell you from personal experience that menstruation pains can be really, really bad.
Writing it down in another Slavic language it'd look like: Brenčiščikijevič, which probably still looks crazy to nonSlavs but has like only 2/3rds of the letters
I see one from my room's window.
Personally, I wasn't impressed by Prague
Lidl has 'Lojtr'ca domačih' but that's stuff's expensive
I feel like English-speaking folks don't really understand that we don't have an "authentic" or consistent accent and vocabulary in the English language as we learn and build it from many different sources
But pregnancy and adoption is a completely different thing.
In 2nd grade we learn printed-like and then in 3rd grade we learn cursive but most people i know use printed because its easier
Serbo-Croatian is pretty close to Slovene in the South Slavic continuum but it is a different language.
This is a bit out of context, but this thread just made me a bit sad I don't speak more languages
I just wish you understood my point
But internet threads are never very representative of the general populace anyway.
Žleht - schlecht - bad
I have even heard people call it Lyubjub and other blabberings, but that's ok.
here is so much information on the web about the ethnic cleansing
First, Yugoslavia wasn't alligned with Stalin
Doctors suspend strike for two months
And books are everywhere
Old farms that have been in families for decades tend to be more of what you describe.
he had no valid evisceration papers
If he isn't leading you, then you obviously aren't a part of the free world.
You mean, way back in Middle Ages as vassals, or do you mean mercenaries or as janissaries?
Letalo - Flying stuff (aeroplane)
A dubious map in 'Večernji list' defines Croatia as one of the core states (purple) of the EU.
> democratically the other British/NI countries are not ruled by England
basically all public services apart from nurses and firefighters
Mostly because it's really really hard to take all parental rights from the biological parents, so generally a consent to adoption is needed.
It's "funny" how they didn't even try to hide that Qatar WC was bought
[Starship Edelweiss] by Edelweiss is my pick, the song is I think from 1992.
First time hearing this so no and I haven't seen anyone wearing it ever
They were saying the same thing for Orban, that all immigrants will suddenly get deported.
You had an awful year, I'll give you that.
It's mashed potatoes mixed with flour, I think
We get an instant unbelievably loud argument if anyone mentions daily politics, so we steer clear of that
Also **kayaking** and **canoeing** on rapids and all sorts of **cycling**.
There is also “Novakov” which means Novak’s son/brother/husband
Of course it's gonna be honey-tongued.
I have doubts that this is actually Fin land
Do you think it is possible to ban ads being placed by the road, on buildings etc.?
Heil spellcheck
Not sure if it would be free for someone not from Slovenia.
All has an end, even our heroes
He's a shitposter on our subreddit.
I've met random people speaking fluent Slovene in Lithuania for example, not to mention on the internet.
Not great but fun to watch if you can look beyond plot holes
I bet she didn't watch Bridge of Spies
And even the new trains look like that.
No young people in Europe can easily be fixed
Most live paycheck to paycheck
Free contraception for women if you have health insurance.
If it werent required, how yould the police identify you?
But, yeah he does look similair it is just a very young photo of him.
It's a cool 20-25°C here
I suppose due to our history, priests won't ever have such power.
I dont belive he actually is...
5 stolov
-Yes
On the other hand, I've yet to meet someone who considers executions and expulsions of Italians and Germans from what's modern day Slovenia a "horrible atrocity". It's usually met with a shrug, which I really can't blame anyone for
Napoleon gave us liter and meters use them.
Its a little pece of Poland in America.
Those are a mess even in a single country
My dad still watches them every now and then.
Hope she is going to be alright
trillion = bilijon
why would you think its a matter of a vote.
na = for a
I've heard "It's a shame Germany didn't win the war - at least things would be in order" more times than something against Germans being said
Doesn’t sound very bad-ass to me lol
Probably everyone that has seen it feels the same way.
Kids don't give a shit about money and many 7 year olds probably don't even know much about foreign countries
Teksas - Texas is referred to a situation that is messy and lawless
Important human right - Freedom of religion
Yep the "original" is definitely a mixture of beer and lemonade
Croatia PM struggles to tame own party
Slovenščina: Slovene language in Slovenian; Slovenčina Slovak language in Slovak
You have to be active at seeking a job.
On Slovene, tja means "there", as direction
There is only one song i could name:
Older people all got some money in this or other kind of bonds as handout during denationalisation, and while I got the sense they are all somewhat disillusioned with what they managed to make of it, the market for binding the money still seems quite strong
And the price was very cheap
631 to 658 best years of our lives
Dunno, man
I think Trst would be a better option
In Slovenia, there are high-schools for nurses.
Nowadays I wonder if youth still knows of her
Nooo
Let me stress that I only pointed out that that is not their parking space and they thought threatning someone for this is acceptable
If you do it yourself, you at least saved some money and you know anything wrong is your own fault
this includes tomatoes, legumes and peppers
Back to Gozd - Reka
one is directly responsible for something happening and the other indirectly can misinform people or make them more prejudiced.
Last year I went with a friend to a shooting range in Sweden.
To be fair the Versailles itself isn't the Versailles it should have been...
What about the London Assembly?
I know right, like the theory that Earth is round.
Great job Italy, bravo
2) Great Britain (colloquial)
You can get cheap bottle of wines in Lidl and Hofer and if you live in the countryside, for free from your neighbours.
Croatia today is a super homogeneous country (95% Croatians, 90% Catholics) and it used to have a huge Serb minority before the 90's.
And Ognjišče. Probably missing something
Average paycheck is around 1100 - 1200 EUR
I live just North of Ljubljana and the temperature never exceeded 17°C yesterday
And if you really think there are no anti-Semites or nazi movements about, then you are ignorant
What about a human with a little chicken next to him
Majority don't think about it at all.
N, Central and S America are all on different tectonic plates.
The Slovene Wikipedia is depressingly barren, being inferior to the English one in almost all articles except for: Slovene places, various Slovene companies and some historical Slovene personalities
-ar
EU is bad for us economically, politically, socially, and for pretty much everyone else.
It's a consequence of not having financial means to take care of them.
I never played tabletop game version of it, or met anyone who had.
Japan, Canada and Kenya's are also beautiful
Both Roman and Niko as short for Nikola could be something a Slovenian would do, for example
Ah the basque
Croatia's anti-abortion lobby finds new ways to spread its message |
Some girls do but only when they are good friends.
I, however don't like the political situation at all
We have Civic education and ethics class in 7th grade where we mention all the major religions and that's about it.
No one here has a little man purse?
Yep
Lots and lots of respect for this man, may he rest in peace
It was so 'meh' I couldn't believe it's so well known and popular.
It's in the shape of a chicken
The time when some american tourist bumped into my classmate
Defending against an enemy would be impossible with what little troops our army currently have, and the future plans don't predict a drastic change to the numbers.
They are called "krofi".
But you don't glorify guns like the US does, which is the point
You mean like why do they follow a plant based diet?
You hit flies, you never hit a bird or rabbit
I have never seen people sleeping on the sidewalks or in cardboard boxes in the middle of a street.
I do not work in customer servoce and that user doesnt exist.
Madman theory doesn't mean the president is actually a mad man, smartass, just that he acts like one to stay ahead of his rivals.
Drkati is very old expression for skating - more then 100 years from its use, but even then expression drsati was much more common
And if we create a program where you get citizenship for going into the army for a bit AND actually use our own military-industrial complex to prop up the economy like the US does, well
Unless you're talking about Russians, Ukrainians, or Belarussians, please don't use that term to refer to anyone else, since they likely consider it offensive for a host of historical and cultural reasons and because it doesn't really make sense either
Republic of Serbia and The Serbian Republik (Republika Spska) are in grat cooperation.
We killed them, I am proud that my forefathers killed the scum.
In Slovene we have the same thing, both are called "zmaj", which means "dragon".
I agree with most of what you said, however I think it's unfair to put all of Eastern Europe in one basket and call it extremely poor.
I believe I gave it up as soon as we got a different teacher
I probably can’t compare us to other foreigners as we are your neighbors and Klagenfurt(or Celovec as we call it) is very close to the border but pretty much everybody knows about it
What do you mean by this question?
Bitches a lot about everything but gets the job done
Sao ker ga nijaš, boš zaj gor plačo trotl gnili
No, I agree we should punish anyone who leaves, everyone is still free to čeave.
Not just right now
And where are you from my tolerant friend?
Lovely
Where does that travelling thing come from?
False
everything has an equivalent in some other country.
If it's the only thing you get the medals in...
Distraction
HAHAHAHAHA I can't believe people actually thought that at one point
That's for the Pošta; our main postal provider
Did he realy expect to get into 🇷🇺 to support that woman?
Sure but there are lots of shady parts of Malmö.
In my area, even people who already live in the countryside often also have a vineyard cottage.
If I remember correctly, our history teacher showed us a video where a children's cartoon was interrupted with news of Tito's death in May 1980
Same here 1 pes, 2 psa, 3 psi, 4 psi, 5 psov ...
> Slavic people in general: "Tschuschen". It has a south Slavic origin
We once bought a whole suitcase of cheap knives, spoons, steak knives etc for 15€, it was new.
Pretty much yes
As a male, maybe
I also think everyone is reposnsible for their own actions.
Glej jst sem iz Posavje in tukaj je takšnih in drugačnih ljudi, ampak velika večina je povsem normalnih ljudi
i couldn't stop laughing lol
Exactly, hateful ideologies such as Nazism and Islam should be banned.
Depends on the country
There is a large number of them, in all generations
These facts and the terrible and corrupt governance is what causes populism to rise and extremism to thrive
In Slovenia I only buy bottled water at festivals and occasionally when travelling (but even them I mostly bring water with me, because prices)
They just renamed "partnerska skupnost" in "partnerska zveza" and made it equal in rights and obligations with a marriage.
Not total, we can leave the house freely, but we're asked not to hang around public places so Lj is deserted
I hope that Macron (or nayone lese) beats Le Pen in second round.
Macedonia election: Conservatives edge ahead as votes counted -
Just stand in support of any referenda that could limit the damage on the legislative level.
I'd assume that the prices for these wares are lower in Eastern Europe in order to be competitive in a market with lower purchasing power.
I for one believe that I could hold a basic conversation in Croatian, but I rather just speak Slovene instead of weird Croatian when I'm in Croatia and it works out well most of the time
Imagine hiking around and stumbling uppon 100 Swedish adults jumping like frogs in a circle in the middle of a forest clearing.
Kje si
For the latter we use dž, and I'm not sure what the first one is supposed to be.
For 1 thing we cant leave for 10 more years...
I'd recommend you to watch a bit less Nova24tv, and actually read some history
TBH, Servers need a blessing
He should stop getting his ideas from Musolini.
If my Bosnian would be better, Turkey would be easier too
For scientists from memeber states, they do.
It's a common practice
A comparison between the UK and the US would be nice
This is the prosecutors document.
One out of every ten buildings were destroyed
The only one I have heard of is Nives Celzijus.
The prices increased
Not much time has passed since we were in the very same relationship.
It was still #1 name in the 60, but in the 70's it fell to 22nd place.
This was the first eveninglong young youths film in Slovenian in history.
I think it's called 'pork rinds' in English.
Though we don't call it Brösel
I have also heard of tourists LOVING a train ride from Zagreb to Ljubljana.
The people who did suffer or are future generations of the ones who suffered on the other hand sometimes use that to fuel hate
Edit:
About the differences: Usually dialects depend on the neighboring countries
Or is it just a dish that is popular there?
As for the percentage, I don't think there's a way to determine that; all I can say is that my uncle's schnapps burns real hard.
My friend from italy got a room in a student dorm after having had to stay in a high school dorm.
But still, the minimal distance between Kazakhstan and Mongolia is less than 40 km.
Ye, it was advertised here like it's Ex-Yugoslavia's Schindler's List, a must-see, etc
Sadly, it's the capital
you also get a paid leave (1 day) when your child goes to school for the first time
Slovenia is Central European
\#PolizeiNRW #Silvester2016 #SicherInKöln: Hundreds of Nafris screened at main railway station.
The only difference I can see is latinica/cirilica.
This week it was actually pretty chill
There was only one incredibly popular comic in Yugoslavia and it still remains the most popular, most influential, and the most quoted comic in Slovenia.
Smoking is prohibited in public indoor spaces, and should be more regulated outdoors aswell (special spots for smokers separate from non-smokers) but alcohol should be completely prohibited for drivers
We use a short version, Češka, which is fine, but the English version just sounds horrible.
Just that, 1) only one of my grandparents was actually in the party
cefizelj (literature origins)
Sao tolko da veš ne, jaz sn najboljši v skupini opravo tečaj za ESD in sn bil zravn pr puno skrivnih operacij na Al-Kajdo
I'd sooner accept Canadia for Canada than this unnatural "Czechia" concoction
> Central Europe
It's called light pollution and all the normal countries are trying to minimize it.
It looked too risky to try
That's what happens when Balkan is in charge.
Thankfully I have great neighbours and they gave me my package.
Any cityzenship of a member country is by defaut EI cityzenship.
Getting to a native pronounciation and accent
We only have one lol
My boyfriend said a lighter blue and green instead of red would make more sense, considering our jerseys tend to be colored that way
Some years before euro they started minting 10, 20 and 50 tolars coins too, so the equivalent baknotes became rarer.
The German language influenced all of Slovenia, the language and culture, while Slovenian did little to influence all of Austrian German
But you don't glorify guns like the US does, which is the point
Roška should be headquarters to Levica and SD
Brasil, Mexico ect make much more surfive are and people than canada and US while all being in the western hemasphere.
Funny, because a lot of inferior to western ones laundry products are made in Czech Republic.
There's a famous Italian who changed her surname (Marzia Bisognin, Pewdiepie'd wife), now she makes herself call Marzia Kjellberg in social media
Austria had owned the city for around 700 years
Sometimes
try the United Kingdom subreddit....
yes a 50/50 split really tells us what the people want!
Only the language changes
In Slovene and German, at least, it means "label".
There are 50 states, sure, but US as a whole is one country governed by one government.
To get there from my area you have to drive through a narrow Sava valley which is quite depressing as not much sun reaches it.
I sure fit some
The figure of the cowboy is at the forefront of this process, its main ambassador
Its the pressure caused by 0.5 mm thick layer of water.
Same in Slovenija
That's worse than a tvtropes link
It works quite well, even after a couple of beers when I reverted to my dialect
b) In Django, he portrays Germans and German-ness in a positive light and Americans in a (mostly) negative light.
So, today not much people speak italian at home and generally slovene is much more widely spoken
with greater ability to produce wealth.
Oh that explains a lot lol
The menu said 'špinača' which is 'spinach', maybe it's blitva (chard)
You knock on wood if you don't want for something to happen.
Then normally they pack you remains of these food plates
Serbo-Croatian because of Yugoslavia
Rip Paris
our language is for us of the most precious things and if you don't respect that...
I have a burning passionate hate for snow
Edit: Nope I'm just a little stupid
The problem is this matters are taken care of by the regional police, insted of the state police.
Well I'm a bit vulgar and use "v pizdi" which would be "in vagina" in english
People nowerdays are anti democracy in general.
I would pay for 14°C right now
Germans have their own demons to deal with.
There is almost certain right-wing government.
North Korea
at university we still make some examples and use imperial and it's pointed out how unpractical it is.
We probably do have them but they probably are pretty insignificant imo
They were unhappy with the sistem
I'm not sure how to take that question.
Sure, I really liked going out today at -17°C, trully wonderful experience.
Wouldnt thaz mean that you can in no way be a part of that.
Are you the man of action or a loud mouth?
In b4: "S-s-s-lov-akia, right?", "Russia with a stamp, of course he would say that.", "Putin's cock sucker" etc., etc.
Totally forgot about [these two]
Most people kept their PE clothes there and "berilo" (not sure what the english word for it is lol)
But because my parents barely speak any English, I sometimes spoke English with my friends(even tho they were Slovene) hehe
Geese are somewhat less common, but not unheard of
man
Poor Austria has never seen a sunset.
Depends on your taste and where you use them, I love pink lady but for some stuff it can't compare to Granny smith
I have full confidence that the EU wrote 100 decrees and laws, which will never be read, and they all deal with it.
The front side should be the same and the back side (where the bridges are) could be replaced by national symbols.
Council of Europe isn't an EU institution and probably can't fine anyone.
When I first saw it I thought she was having some sort of a fit.
She kept wiggling around my feet and jumping on me and trying to be pet.
Rio De Jenero, Brasilia, Ciudad du Mexico, Toronto
Would have more luck with prime ministers.
In some cases it could be said that the Constitutional Court is the de facto highest court, as you can lodge a constitutional appeal if your constitutional rights have been infringed even after your case was decided at the Supreme Court
Perfect
And here I allway though [The Mummy] wrote it...
I hate living here right now because I consider myself a leftist, yet I have no place in my country
I ride an [old Rog bike] as well, but this one has gears
That number seems an exaggerated upper number
16 degrees in Ljubljana atm
They do have same jurestictional training as civilian police though
Many people like weapons and there is nothing wrong with that *per se*.
At least the equipment gets used round the clock and the hospital can spend the rent to buy even better equipment
That’s the reason why the old Slovene word for rainbow named *pijavka* (related to piti which means to drink) was replaced with mavrica
Cant say, i live in a 1 race country.
In Slovenia, the right wing parties support Trump but oppose Putin.
Ah yes, and our PM is apparently very excited to see Biden there instead of Trump, whom he congratulated on a 2020 win
Examples :
First of all is that per mile or kilometer
Over here smaller dogs need to be in a cage or on an owners lap.
Are your trees made of meatballs
Happy cakeday
Wow, if this thing comes to Slovenia, I'm going to commit seppuku
Sociology and geography as well.
Kudos for knowing Laibach, we also have the tallest [chimney] in Europe (360 meters, 1181 feet).
The one on Roška was used as military prison all the way up to 90's. And back in late 80's it housed the most "influential" political prisoner and Twitter-shitposter that is our current PM
Roughly translates to fuck it
My idea arise since all other ex-commie countries show such a big gap between east and west.
And I'm sure many Slovenians can distinguish Serbian and Croatian dialects just fine, but that's only because those Slovenians speak Serbo-Croatian.
Until, I think, the spring od nations in the 19th century, Slovenian was full of German and slovenianised German words
There's been people living here for decades that don't speak the language.
I'm not gona police people leaving relevant stuf when its not strictly about nostalgia.
i lack a knowlegde about this part of the world.
These are unobtainable in Slovene, so I always read them in English
There is only one reality, you know.
A fox once left a dead rabbit infront of our house, was probably scared in the morning by our dog.
Came here to look for Jadranka
But honestly I like flags, they're pretty.
Serbian=Croatian/\Croatian=Serbian.
Happened to be there a few days after the opening and it was stuffed with both tourists and locals
Part of the cliff crashed down a few weeks ago, and it's not really reccomended to go there now
20 years and 12-20 will be the norm, lol.
But I imagine that North-Eastern Slovenian, with a heavy country accent, would be very hard to understand
We also did that in Scotland
It's obvious you dont know situation, albanians are doing horrible things in macedonia.
They all offer a decent quality of life and your "Where-to-be-born Index" proves it as it puts Czechia right next to Britain and France.
You think the situation was any different here?
Yeah drunk krampuses can act like a bunch of hooligans since they are masked and thus unreckognisable
I always wondered why it was called Hofer and not Aldi but never bother to check.
They're funded by Orban and there was supposed to be an investigation in to that but of course they sabotaged it
Currently popular circlejerk topics in your country
Easy peasy
Most popular are plum, apricot, strawberry, rose hip, cherry and currant (black and red).
Don't wanna even start to speak about the second rail between Koper and Divača, for which the planning process started in 1995, with the construction (if we will be lucky) starting in 2021
Less money for Mamić is a good thing (given your username, you'll probably agree :p)
Well sure, standard would work too, and so would magyar at least for south Slavs
Oh yes
They mock and hate people who advocate for getting along
Other sports generally get popular whenever someone or a team gets good
The Sweden Democrats soared in all opinion polls during the summer of 2015, even topping web-based polls from YouGov and Sentio in late summer, with a little over a quarter of the vote.
It receives a lot of Slovene immigrants since other areas aren't doing that well
> obsession with betting shops
Natural colour of enamel is yellowish, not white.
My parents’ friends’ friends’ owned the home alone house when it was filmed
The rest of us see it as two different continents.
What is really funny is that in the light of recent events/news I can't even tell whether this is a joke or not
Neither am I. I only see this in kids with rich parents
Ye selling guns to Saudi Arabia is why so many european muslims are fundamentalists.
This is what I know from older people (I'm too young to remember):
Apart from when I don't feel like hating myself afterwards.
Me, every year
The quality of boxing has definitely rised
What part of that do not you get?
The ones in Prekmurje are a bit more civilised but it would probably still be better to steer clear.
I've spent roughly three weeks travelling around Poland and experienced the same thing.
What I used was very basic example
I heard they were M70's from Serbia.
We only have police
I know there is one for western balcans.
It's surprising you don't have more suicides.
But funnily enough, apparently taste changes conveniently where 'poorer' countries begin.
It is now illegal to have your personal car painted to look like a police car.
> we wanted Europe to be able to stand on its own and feed its own people so we wouldn't have to anymore
Ein Volk, ein Reich, ein Ticket
Most french immigrants immigrated in the last 50 years.
Yeah agree on that
Right
Personally, I don't eat breakfast.
Articles are there for gullible fools so they can lie to themselves how its defensive alliance only
If you have a bigger army, you can intervene whenever the hell you decide to.
Or Anchorage as a base to see some beautiful nature.
Unless Nepal somehow managed to double their GDP in 2016.
I really hope it's not operational anymore
I never heard of any one doing it here but i wish they did
Jesus Christ, that thread is a fucking trainwreck.
Criticizing israel is anti-semitism?
The result only stands because it was technically non binding, despite being treated as if it was
In 2015 she was still on the pro-EU side of the Tories
"We work like we will live for hundred years, we prepare like that tomorrow there will be a war."
I'd especially recommend his "trilogy" Society must be defended; Security, Territory, Population and Birth of Biopolitics.
We are not that organized as you are and our parkings are not so neat and full of information
Oh, it's an old one - a general interest in all matters Celtic, especially languages.
Very
I see he's taking a picture with a group of Portu-gals
No going back boys
France nuclear power: Explosion rocks Flamanville plant
They will have to resolve issues first, and there is a lot of work to do.
It's a tiny country, but it isn't, and I've never heard anything about it other than those two things.
All employers need to pay "malica" to workers
I'm also never disappointed by a country.
So somewhere in the middle between full assimilation and no-intergration.
not what we are thought, but every story has multiple points of views
Cmon man he was half slovenian
The thing is, Slovenia consists of three very different regions.
What is really funny is that in the light of recent events/news I can't even tell whether this is a joke or not.
Gay marriage
I like ours
Why exactly do we dislike Turks
cetelc means *piece of paper* in probably some dialect
We never really distanced ourselves from the previous country and we never got over it and most (if not all) of our political debates devolve into Partisans v Slovene Home Guard (left vs right, but like we're perpetually stuck in 1945)
Too many to write them all, but some of the more used are;  *flaša* (bottle), *lojtra* (ladder)*, žajfa* (soap)*, šraufenciger* (screwdriver)*, štanga* (rod/bar)*, šnops* (brandy), *žiher* (for sure), *glih* (from  German glich - not sure how to translate into English), etc
We start in year 6 with prehistoric stuff, ancient Greece and middle ages
Based on what she observed with her patients, such abuse of the system is widespread, especially in rural areas.
Remember that nobody gets a majority in this system, so every ruling party has to enter a coalition to actually form a government.
Douze points for spelling Ljubljana right!
serb) helped us by sending him straight to hell.
This year feels colder than 2019
[Mr
decent politicians
Even some public figures speak with an accent, it's part of a regional identity.
We've probably had these issues for longer than any other Slavic country
Never heard anything from our neighbours on the same floor even though we shared walls.
Could be handy when the Mongols invade again
I don't know if it's the same thing, but we have *kroketi*. They're usually made out of potatoes
IDK
You cannot sell blod, sperm, organs in Slovenia.
If I were to relocate to a different country, i would relocate to the countryside.
He asked for religious songs sang in church.
What's the deal with Singapore
I think of "cannot into space" and "sausages fuck yes"
Older people all got some money in this or other kind of bonds as handout during denationalisation, and while I got the sense they are all somewhat disillusioned with what they managed to make of it, the market for binding the money still seems quite strong
Austria had owned the city for around 700 years
On the right side of subreddit there are comunity options and there you can set your flair
;) Jokes aside, we really like to think we are different from the other ex-Yu countries.
Elton has an organ
I don’t really think that my personality changes as much as I just appear more that way
And tighten both external border of the 🇪🇺 and also suspend shengen and reipose internal borders.
at least those mean something
they stomp their feet when my alarm clock on my pic goes off.
There was of course germanisation present, that's why german influenced slovenian more, but styrian german was also influenced by slovenian
Swedes can definitely own handguns and I believe Norwegians can too but with many restrictions on calibers
No, the United States did not lend a dime.
Is it just me or do all three sound like they wouldn't be out of place going on an adventure together
Because of [Illyrian Provinces] Where among other reforms he introduced Slovene language to schools.
We are both way closer to let's say serbia, than I think we are to Greece
If you look Germany, Italy or Spain, they all have at least two large urban areas of comparable size
Most of the stuff that workbooks have can be easily done in normal plain books and with help of powerpoints and internet today I think they are obsolete
And the "legality" argument is quite nonsensical
Id say: “Slovenija od kod lepote tvoje” cuse of the lyrics
But we still love him, its just jokes
The 🇪🇺 militaty block should not get involved with the CSTO either.
However, see Willy Brandt for a passionate and successful German politician
You would probably have less problems as legal immigrants.
According to [this list] the difference in life expectancy between males and females is about the same in Turkey as it is in most of Europe.
If supposedly totalitarian Yugoslavia had in its constitution the right for nation to self-determine, then Spain is truly a totalitarian state who never dealt with its fascist roots
Yeah this is after taxes(which are bigger than USA's) so before it would be like 2200-2400 I think
[Lo sai che San Luigi piange quando ti tocchi?]
I don't really understand how our prime minister could represent a single voting district since parliamentary elections are organised across the country and for a parliament that represents the whole country.
Do they still believe there's only five years left til Armageddon?
Germany and Austria for helping us win our independence
Seems kinda disingenuous
And if NATO breaks down, you'll have Europe arming itself, so by the time this happens, the US have 0 chance of winning
In fact Italian minorities living in Yugoslavia had some degree of protection, according to the Rapallo Treaty (such as Italian citizenship and primary instruction).
So many of them decide to just fuck it and go back the way they came
And also other animals sometimes (wild boars, foxes, deers, shakals, there was even a bear situation ones)
What Dutch want it's what the rest of Europe gets.
Ljubljana (the capital) and Maribor (the second largest)
Theres portions of the city where you can see austrian baroque façades, brutalist yugoslav buildings, and modern glass and steel building right next to one another
Well shit
Hershey's chocolate is even worse.
Ah, yes, good ol' red scare, reusable, efficient even decades after first use.
Which is roasted goose, red sweet cabbage and mlinci.
If this is Italy why is there Trieste on this map
That's just because we didn't want to scare native English speakers with a vowel-less-looking word like Trst
Those that by some unfortunate events become orphaned usually go to relatives or they are put up for adoption.
Curriculum content points:
Valtola I
Isn’t a klošar just a homeless person
I don't remember the last time I saw one.
We break eggs by throwing coins at them.
I will put it here when and if i find the source again
Exactly, its been ower 70 years.
The only reasons to do that is when tap water is not available, or possibly in the club where you want to use a bottle
Homeless here means not having a permanent address or not living in proper conditions (insecure (fear of evicition, domestic violence issues) or inadequate housing*).
Depends on the language, like in German you also say halb sieben, not sechs und halb
I thought it was not colonised because it was a fairly powerful nation which would be more difficult to conquer than the smaller nations and tribes on the rest of the continent?
v -> into/in
They had a contract between the two, that whichever family outlives the other family, inherits everything from the other family.
No there goverment has ties to Isis, plus the treat their minority like and that is only the tip of the iceberg shit.
It was kind of focused on the articles and not much else
The balance of power calculations and propping up other nations as buffers, vassals, allies etc
Not surprised we're so high up
Osebni računalnik > Osobno računalo > Personalni kompjuter > Lična karta
I think it falls under first two points.
Seriously though, the weather here isn't usually that hot
Slovenia actually had that in constitution but we had to change it when joining EU
Pennala F
One of my favourite is *fržmagati se* (German *verschmähen*).
Yes it is but instead of the member countries trying to help fix whatever bs is going on, they're leaving, that's the problem, there's no unity
As a recent newcomer to the UK, I couldn't agree more!
As far as I know, only one restaurant has really *proper* tacos in our capital city.
But if I ever hear a non-native try to speak to me in Slovenian I'll be pleased to listen but until then I can't say if it's annoying or not, I mean to me it would be awesome
Again, this is not an official information
I think it’s just that when I speak Slovene I seem colder and show less emotion
On the other hand, having a technical degree, law, pharmacy, medicine, etc will basically guarantee you a job
not goods, not money (which is called fiat money because its value is set by the government/society and is not pegged to a physical good)
Most of our sporting events are very family oriented, with exception of [Maribor - Olimpija] derbies and football matches with a few foreign clubs known for their ultras.
Pizda, ne me jebat
Racism is based on skin color it literally in the name
Avsto-Ogrska
I live 10 minutes from the old centre, you know the deal: church,... Not far from the center was a graveyard, not maintained for years so the trees grew over it, a lot of the tombstones were replaced, but some are still the original ones
A more literal translation to *Stari* is "*Old* (man/woman)". It's funny to me because it's used by children (definitely not old men) and adults alike
They can easily arrange to divide Europe, fuck China and divide the spoils fraternally.
All the people went to italy or austria to buy clothes or some material, because you couldnt get it here
Eastern europe has one of the lowest yes, but salaries are higher in south europe.
Lowkey homo
Slovenes may not be nationalistic, but they can be quite xenophobic
Is it because he is wearing white socks?
oh i thought you ment modern history.
People have relatives in Austria, especially in Carinthia
Zaradi tebe me je sram biti Slovenec na reddit-u.
Am I pointing a gun on you or what?
That's because Tito cut off support to an essentially Stalin's war.
Why would you remove Slovenia from good results
You were
Thanks for the breakdown
I little bit of transfat won't kill you.
Its funny cuz its true
If Poland cannot into space, can into Belarus!
You can change your country of residency, or even better change your laws.
I mean it's not like there's anyone like that to offend here, so I guess it doesn't really matter
Office or fax room
but we have (had) lots of farmers.
Im not the one going around teling people Udbomafia rules Slovenia
"THEY ARE STILL COMING THROUGH"
My mom knows it and they taught german insted of english I think
E.g.  Blatnig - Blatnik; Goritschnig - Goričnik, Koričnik; Hribernig - Hribernik; Lutschounig - Lučovnik; Pototschnigg - Potočnik (very common)
Context is four wars against Bulgarians since their independence (which is one more than against Croatians, hehe).
Depends, if it is after a long period of draught in summer it is very nice to see some rain fall and enjoy the outside afterwards
Edit: We mentioned Rab and Gonars in grammar school
Bitkeun
No wonder you draw your borders wrong.
First one is focused on western Europe, the next part will focus on eastern Europe and Russia.
Finland too flat, Sweden too smug, Norway too poor, Denmark too flat.
The experience you gain surpasses cost by wide wide margin.
Well we have dual form which is pretty unique for languages in Europe
I taught you Germans have a form for everything so it is right to assume that you must first fill the form then you can run someone over
If it's windy or cloudy then about 15 would be enough
He also said "of course crimea anexation is ilegal"
We also have "rovte" which is a remote place
There's enough teachers here that we don't need foreign ones.
Far eastern part of the country probably doesn't have much in common with the western part.
In clubs, partying, women would come up to you and start a conversation
It was supposedly the nicest summer since about the 70s, but it still rained cats and dogs about twice in a week
Not this crap again
And towards Germany paying ungodly prices for electricity
Conpare the prices listed online.
We need more of this kind of talk
No the trick will be that the American defense spending won't go down by a penny.
Change it to Slovakia and change Slovakia to Slovenia
I remember Thomas the Tank Engine but it was creepy, didn't watch it.
Also, the way we learn about history is that ancient Macedons were just one of the various variants of Greeks, so Big Alex is certainly considered an OG - Original Greek
But the amount of belief I see people have about changing a leader bringing better life is astounding
And also to Yugoslavia but that help was outside of Marshall plan
There may not be AS good and as plenty as those in Denmark and Netherlands but are far from bad.
I thought is was an american thing since we have our communistic version
Most spoken languages that are even considered dialects are ok-ish, I usually need explanation for some words, but nothing too bad
One of them is actually a Slovenian
I hope that reading that no Finn thought I was mocking the language
-Hell no
I'm so glad we don't have this shit here.
To be fair though I used to think Croatia was just a weird place within Slovenia, where people spoke some sort of SUPER version of the Bela krajina accent
Thats good enouth to pas unoticed, but to be acepted by the nationalists you need more, you need providance
Something around 200 km - 300 km range would be nice.
We need esa x nasa x alltheotherspacesciencerelatedagencies x aliens
There is no one agreed upon definition of what is Balkans.
Bitches a lot about everything but gets the job done
We learned major/important countries of each continent, major rivers/lakes/seas/mountains etc.
We also say "prede" which would be translated to spin, like spinning wool
Do you think Germans still feel superior?
Reddit is being incredibly reactionary again
We say it "sirov burek"
I mean, fair, but is Ukraine really the destination you choose because you can't deal with a bit of corruption
I don't know why you put the mythical €500 banknote in there as well
I'm not sure what your issue here is
We always drink tap water
In Slavic countries you're always just enough old ;)
Ofc its people against establishment.
Ascension of Romania to European Union thus giving it open borders...
As far as lines painted on a map by a Brit go, these are quite reasonable
Ljubljana btw
They are defiant when attacked, but that's expected
Second world is gone now the 🇪🇺 is counting and 🇪🇺 is the 1st world
He is culturally important and all but his literature is just depressing.
Ek - Ecke - corner
What about it is confusing
> Also portions of food were much more smaller
As he was transitioning into politics he was shot and killed by a drunk man, the motivation for the killing was never explained.
And 6
Take time and visit other places as well.
My grandfather is italian from gorizia but taking Trieste from Slovenia was an act against God!
What is used most often is "I like you" aka *Rada te imam*.
Stric/teta ("uncle/aunt") are commonly used in the first scenario.
I think that last time when hub gears were popular here was back in the 70's or something.
Zrakoplov - Air sail (aircraft)
Edit: I'm (sadly) not from Primorska, so not much bias there (I don't think)
My question is, if they do decide to leave, before they go, can they still vote on things like TTIP even though they'll be leaving and it won't concern them?
Literally how I feel about Austria with the exception of Vienna
That is why most of neighbours are actually related to me
Especially in the wet months/days when everyone else was wearing slippers.
They only offer 12 spaces and have a very strict entrance exam (they still produce shitty actors though).
Surely will eat those on saturday and tuesday though
I think we reached 38 °C last year.
Apparently Canada is also thinking about introducing it.
Let the poor Easterners have this one.
I'm happy he replied
I dont have anything for independent slovenia, when we were still part of yugoslavia there were massive after war (II) murders, up until this point they have found 600 massive graves
Ireland economy is unnaturally inflated, because Multinationals place headquarters there.
"Sunny side of Alps" (though it's more like rainy, foggy and stormy side of Alps) and "Hidden gem/pearl".
It's just another type of a building you can live in.
Supposedly we have the only statue to him outside France, but I'm not sure how true that is.
I guess it's up to each individual
Africa: "Hold my beer
Surprisingly nobody is talking about any of the numerous songs
Why is everions all of the suden so paranoied about "the populists"?
It just means they act in their own self-interest FIRST, which is normal and expected
What are some of the reforms that German government uses to battle low birth rates?
I try to use cards whenever possible.
I much prefer the rain to 27°C heat
Every government and/or public building has one.
*sigh*
Interesting
I'm kinda proud
Although I know little to nothing about it, what I hear is that most people there are depressed
That number seems an exaggerated upper number
Yes, my voice gets deeper, I become more self confident, also a tiny bit more hostile
As of now UK is still part of EU and all its economic spheres.
Fine, I don't have friends, so I made it up
Most of the time it works fine, except in summer when tourist just ignore what everyone else is doing
Hopefully it will lead to more tourism money from any American wanting to see where Trump's wife comes from.
That was never the argument
I actually technically learned about 'how children are made' quite early, from an illustrated encyclopedia which was the favourite book of my childhood
Have seen a bunch of boys/young men covered in that stuff since its opening
**I'd more likely exclude** Moldova and **Transylvania from the Balkans and respectively into** Eastern and **Central Europe.
If you put the Slovenian translation in English you get "Let's masturbate together"
The problem is - the leader could say "no" to these organizations but then they will have problems with rivals who said "yes" to them
It's considered rude if you don't.
From speaking with young Italians.
Whether you think they are in Europe or not they are welcomed in this sub.
If you're interested in stereotypical lives of people from ex-yu in Ljubljana's "ghetto" - [Southern scum go home] (Čefurji raus in Slovenian)
I'm a musical omnivore so there will be a few different genres.
pancakes are a dinner food here as well
Yes, it is
True, the Slovenian army is incapable of defending the country, even our own airspace is guarded by Hungary
If you are downwind from it, you will definitely smell it before you can see or hear it
A miracle could happen and we could elect some capable politicians for a change.
Americans percepsion of gar roght is sqeued.
Or eurovision
I'm pretty sure it's actually called wine everywhere in the British Isles.
Nothing, cause Slovenes didn't matter in Austria
So the piece we have enjoyed in Europe for an unprecedented length of time does nothing to you?
As am I a part of the laws of my country.
We had tons of other school events and we all loved them because it either meant no school or at least less school.
How about Andora, Monaco, San Marino...
Wait drkati also means to slide on ice
Im amazed how many of you have it set to under 20°C.
You'd need to make tons of adjustments and it would be extremely expensive.
Living at home for long periods of time, proper healthcare, indoor smoking, public drinking, traditional music, tiny shitty cars
But if you leave your books in school, how do you study at home
But they earned it through hard work and taking risks, so everything's cool.
this void used to be filled by religions and empires
It has always been just a liquor.
Are we talking to a millionaire?
Articles are there for gullible fools so they can lie to themselves how its defensive alliance only
Švedska and Švica in Slovenian
Ground floor has books in Slovene and textbooks+technical books in all languages and first floor has foreign-language fiction, biographies etc
And it "failed" or rather succeeded in the most spectacular way
Out of all the countries I've been to, Italians are the best.
Pulli F
* 2D unlive photo, 2018
They COULD export the refugees back to where they came from, but that costs money.
Serbia Eyes Fighter Jets, Armored Vehicles From Russia
I see a lot of ads asking for it
Not really
you know, you can just type your search query into an adress bar and it will automatically google it for you?
From where you
Most people are required to learn a third language in high school (most commonly german or french, spanish is popular too), though the fluency in it varies from person to person
Although this pressure would already bend most other governments
My father (Slovene) was in the Yugoslav navy for good 15-20 years and being friends with people from all nationalities for so long really fucked with him emotionaly when the wars started.
But my old one has a different relef
UK: Incoherent screaming
They even had to call police and hire security on one of the high schools in my city.
Well, technically in 1991, but Slovenia first became an entitiy in 1918 with the founding of State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs, which then joined Kingdom of Serbia
There is no such thing as an ofitial latin transribtion.
Why should we make phones and let Google take the profits
Tones pounds and ounces avoirdupois are used for regular stuff, while ounces troy for gold and silver...
Yes, that is what I mean
Page 2 (88), second paragraph:
With its high unemployment rates.
Like I said, being a kid was fun, but refugees, drugs, poverty and general feeling of chaos weren't.
I’ve studied in Ljubljana and very often went home from a party between 3-5pm
Ok, if there is a lot of left over sauce and the pasta is already eaten
I was interested more about why is the government doing nothing about the problem.
I knew they were a farce when they started yapping about Roma.
There's a lot of people here that just spur hatred just for the sake of spurring hatred and don't really care about what we - in the bordering regions think about important matters that are mostly our own business.
We also wanted to mediate Ukraine and Russia problems and held a Bush-Trump meeting years ago, they just want to continue that.
I don't understand people loving Lidl so much
This particular Slovenian guy is a native speaker of Croatian.
We had lockers in primary school (from grade 5 onwards) but we were the first generation to have them
(If someone wants to correct me, fell free
The Slovenian military vesell [HPL-21 Ankaran] alegedly [sailed into waters Croatia unfoundly claims as their own in 2012]
This money on the other hand goes to private insurance companies
not really, i saw locals abusing this system by instead of fighting littering , they would just flip a trash can , take all the plastic bottles in it for deposit and leave all the other garbage on the ground
I'm reasonably certain West Russia cannot join NATO.
We are both way closer to let's say serbia, than I think we are to Greece
For fathers we may use "foter" (from German Vater) in a similar sense I guess
Maybe she just watches weird family vloggers.
That's net average salary, gross average would be 1,500€.
Flirting in German is just weird but I get super-rational, and Slavic languages are great to be pissed, depressed, and negative in, which usually happens
Reading your comment:
Honestly, tempting
Valvasor
It cycles, there is cycling, basketball, handball, volleyball, hockey, sports climbing, athletics, gymnastics etc
Most importantly in a small country like our, god forbid someone like our current crazy PM brings in a bunch of people from conservative country
Those images explain [this map] to people who aren't from countries of ex-Yu.
Or not
Not going that well because are words and sentences in Slovene created on completely different way
And all the people that support him.
Ok, maybe 10€ note and 7€ in coins.
Sure there are things that can not compare to it but still you have to give credit to the rest of the country
In my city theres an iron mine thats now closed but they say its been used since roman times
Sheldon, is that you
Do we get to keep Trieste this time
Also, AFAIK the NI parliament isn't super functional and thus Westminster effectively runs things, and Wales isn't super devolved in the first place
Immigrants and people who live in border areas with different languages.
(the upvoted disagree with you)
On the Slo-At border before the Karawanken tunnel, traffic jam is quite often (to pay for the tunnel) and it feels like you're waiting for a border check
I wouldn't say there's nothing to see here;
Other countries have more brown bears than we do.
We're even paired with Colorado based on some other map posted on another subreddit few days ago.
Tiny Slovenia World's Best at Preserving Environment to Boost Prosperity
But the single most epic thing are the two Slavic esperantos - Slovio and the more modern Interslavic (Medžuslavjanski)
There actually still is a small german minority in Slovenia, scattered around the country
It's the sensible thing to do
Well he could be including lunch and transportation in that
Stare is 15 year old trapped inside a grown man's body
Who needs the European Council?
30 is halb sieben
I can name two more series that are known internationally.
Nice to see countries working together.
When I was growing up I felt that we had just a right amount, but I think things are different now
So far so good right
If this is Italy why is there Trieste on this map
We have a common travel area, so we make our deals together, otherwise it all falls apart
As a Slovene Littoral that borrows heavily from Veneto/Friuli, I can agree
Let me get my driving license now and a passport
Do you have the link
Trubar
Like the other one said, but there are no bigger historical minorities because Slovenes lived under Austrians and Croats under Hungarians kind of.
SS officers were elite teoops, not force conscripts.
Must be proud, to have such a strong, no bullshit president
I suppose you could call it a rivalry but more than anything there's just political tension between our governments.
They should be given a fair referendum in the relevant region though
It did happen I hated everybody, so I put in an invalid sheet (I did the possibly pettiest thing in the world and drew a penis on it)
From a legal point of view, no difficulties at all.
But it did crashed our economy for years to come, and we're still trying to get out of that mess
I hope that reading that no Finn thought I was mocking the language
That one is beautiful
> a kind of mini federalization within a federal state
Bećki konjušari
Italian WW2 rifle for sale - never fired, only dropped once
They would waste a lot of time on administration which will now be streamlined under this agreement.
Agreed
Nope, you almost always exit the bus through the doors at the back of it so you’d have to yell for him to hear anything, on the rare times you exit through the door next to him the most you’d say is bye
It's crazy how criminals can sue the people they wanted to steal from because those people didn't want to have things stolen from them.
Bled is an incredibly pretty place, but it is not the only thing we have to offer, and therefore overrated
US Ambassador: Washington’s policy towards Serbia will not change
I did not say they are not allowed.
Italian - Makaronarji - Macaronis
In some countries you can get citizenship if you make a huge invesment.
I'd say "normal" sets are quite affordable here and tbh I haven't noticed any bigger price difference between Slo and D.
The most Slovene is probably Ljubljana
I also still have an old ZX spectrum in working condition stashed somewhere.
Arbor Squad
That's close enough for the definition of 'works' I think
Or is it
Colonialist is someone who lives in a colony, imperialist is someone making colonies.
But every ruling party that started to deal with the mess fell apart in a matter of months, literally
Don't give them any ideas
Virtuosos tend to compose pieces for virtuosos.
We have a mediterranean and a continental temperate climate
She was very nice :) About USA I only know the following: Melania Trump, Steve Jobs, Obama, Yellowstone Park.
and for these horrible abominal adds.
Self-determination should always be respected
Only nazi gold accepted
They apparently couldn't tell much less produce the difference between "testa" and "cesta" (the c in the latter sounding like z in Zeit)
Though, I must say that pro-Trump tweeting blew up spectacularly with the Capitol debacle :-D
For example: Prmejduš, da ne grem tja
It looks like it would be cool if my town still had a large German minority like it had until 1945, but then again, those same Germans couldn't wait to welcome Hitler.
In Bosnia, I was able to pay in Euro in lots of places.
Same here for Albanians and Germans.
Like dying in the street because no cash for hospital is liberty and freedom
>Food for thought, the crime rate for concealed carriers is lower than it is for police officers, we're an extremely low crime demographic
I spent some time in Belgium and I'm continually impressed how a government can be this complicated and still work
Stop, I can only get so erect
No offense, but I always thought tje Dutch preferred the Netherlands over Holland but these year when i sople to a bunch of Dutch tourists they all said: we are from Holland
Weird
No i ment crisps, and frozen fish and batered chicken things.
In Slovenia we have a mandatory vaccination program
I remember learning about the Atlantic Charter, Yalta, Potsdam etc
good luck telling the rabid we can grow the pie if we continue to collaborate
I think it usually says "proizvedeno" or "izdelano" v Sloveniji?
", people who're crazy about hiphop subculture, people who're genuinely clueless, and racists
Yes but are those old plates that were returned and they give them to you or are they still making them?
Goriška
Pathetic
But still if you're there you have to try the *[kremšnita] a local specialty.
China - Kitajska
Due to greater exclusivity (and thus price) or what
they already set the island on fire
**Hockey** is popular in Jesenice, **cross country skiing** is popular in areas where the tracks are easily accessible.
Thousands of people were without electricity for days.
Res zelo žalostno razmišljaš.
Don't know about that, but the Habsburgs inherited all the Cillis estates which made them the most powerful family and vice versa would happen if Cillis inherited whatever was signed with inheritence agreement.
Two of the ten themes that year were WW2 in Slovenia and the political situation in the late 20th century so the curriculum was adjusted to that
Nowadays its often used just as a generic name for any non-alcoholic beer with a fruit taste
> how comfortable they would feel if one of their sons or daughters was in a love relationship with a person from a different ethnic group
EDIT: she not a he; still f**ked up
Us can shut of GPS at any time they want, or encode it differently thus making a potentioal EU army unable to sat nave their troops in oposition to NATO.
Je pa ironično, glede na to, da se mi Zahodnjaki pritožujemo čez Turke ravno zaradi tega.
My mum works in a kitchen and officially they arent allowed to take leftovers to home
Over here, it can be ordered anytime.
sestre - 3 sisters
I have plenty of French friends who tell me nobody learns English in France just because it's unnecessary
I don't know what you're getting at.
And that Balkan comes from Ottoman times because the ottomans gave the land of south-east Europe when they had it under control the name [Balkan] which in Turkish means "[mountain chain] (if I'm not mistaken) and we were never part of the [Ottoman empire] So I would always rather say we are part of central Europe than Balkan even though some will say language or last 100 years makes us a Balkan nation but that is more or less a political view which is a popular but not always the right view anyway
I thought that 9th May was the go to WWII holiday, but the comments didn't really prove this.
It's imperialist ambitions, like the EU's, that ravaged the continent in the 19th and 20th centuries
EU consists of 28 countries and not all disagree with a ban on certain muslim countries.
I once tried asking lefties (I consider myself pretty left), who were completely against the idea of getting along what the end goal is
And now 30 years of central again
I mean 5 % of the russian population were workers.
"Standard German," LOL
Mostly not, except for those Raggare loving swedes and norwegians.
It's better for the child to be adopted, as that gives him/her every right a biological child has, and obviously comes with a guarantee of permanence, which is important for the child's psychological development.
was built in 1973 but im mowing into onw built in 1955
In UK people are afraid to see themselves naked let alone strangers :D
and I can't think of any other differences
How do country like france know how much of the population is immigrant, isnt it like you do census differently then others?
But i want the possibilety to throw them out out.
Well I agree with them that mass graves should be investigated and mortal remain buried with dignity but then history should be left to historians
All young (under 40) people speak more or less solid English and a lot of older folk as well
No, cultures and ethnicities die all the fucking time.
I already said people are the first priority and that includes clean and healthy living conditions.
Morski pes - sea dog (shark)
Here are the lyrics:
We had a French native speaker in high school
It is possible we just took the nearest equivalent we could find in the British educational system and used the name for our school
Side exits were welded/chained, so there was only one way in or out
Not to be confused with the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes.
Yeah, the cat version is popular in Slovenia as well
But it's free to use while they're enrolled in that school.
Well they did cross in the opposite direction.
> Queen Juliana granted pardons to some of those sentenced to death
Even before the accordion started to dominate, the fiddle was popular too, but today it remains mostly associated with Roma people and with the music of the Resia valley, which is extremely specific
Dude: *takes order*
It is in front of a church but I don't know if it counts because it's usually more like general motivation to be kind to others
Well, we all know the correct answer to this one
Reading your comment:
"approximately two sons"  holy shit
Everything is in front of the Jews.
Probably lots more that I can't remember right now.
My dog doesn't fetch, he loves to play 'catch me if you can'.
In Slovenia we had [Zvotorepec, Trdonja and Lakotnik] It was a very popular comic book in I think, 50s, 60s and 70s.
Yes, I always thought these were beautiful.
It's sad to see them go though all these troubles like alcoholism and poverty.
Every round birthday ever
3323 subscribers as percentage of population of 10 553 843 people makes it 0,03.
I've been to Singapore and the first 2 things I associate it with are:
You would actually find several of those in Slovenian, if you included the dialects and the archaic words: denar, novec, para, penez, groš.
the cargo that arrives to the port has to leave it somehow
Highest altitude: Station 5, Mt Fuji, Japan (2300m)
You dont have to cry there, but be respectful of the place where thousands died
Fake news is a problem, it always was, but censoring it means walikng on a very thin line you can easly overstep.
" It's a Wikipedia article about Ivan Hribar
Let's hope that the 4th of July 2018 will be European Freedom Day
> the wealthy are smart and put the needs of the state above their own needs
From my experience most people in Slovenia are like that too
no, longswords are for cutting(including piercing/thrusting) people in anything and so are katanas.
* 1300 years as part of Central European empires - check
The research was done on more than 20000 kids
Didn't know why Italians until I met 2 different groups of Italians at a diffrrent time, blocking the exit of a bar, just chatting there, with plenty of room anywhere else
Exactly yeah
It is still better than east Europe
Russian Billionaire Sues Montenegro Over Lost Investment ::
Aren't there four subjunctive tenses in French?
CD - zgoscenka
I'll share a small, not globally important event with you that still makes me both sad and angry.
I can maybe understand that Irish citizens get a vote, but all Commonwealth citizens ...
I'm not religious
There were even more problematic sections that didn't allow for automatic hospital visits etc
and May happily triggered Article 50 without a plan
Excuse me for I am not a linguist, but I'll try and explain some features of the dialect.
It doesn't come up very often, but yes it is still very common, especially because of Austria's  reluctance to recognize the rights of its Slovene minority
I'm not talking about vengeance.
Yes
Couldn't understand most of the people and they couldn't understand me.
if the health and/or life of the woman is in danger than I don't have a problem with that.
We had fertility rate of around 1.6 last year.
The only team sport I play at least semi regularly is Flunkyball.
Or just Engleska
I would stop
Oh no
Slovenia sent troops to Estonia, when will Estonia send the same amount of troops here to portest us from our enemies?
The UK would begin moving its defensive investments out of Scotland and into England and Wales
And you'd be adding the rest of Europe on top of that, which doesn't bring THAT much but it helps
If white philosophers are required, then to teach their work from a critical standpoint.
Iranian Energy: A Game-Changer for Russia-Europe Relations - Eastern Europe is diversifying its energy suppliers away from Russia, and toward Iran
KRAAAAAPČIIIII
How do you pay now with Corona
The battle itself is here called "Miracle at Caporetto" in which Austrian and German armies broke the stalemate and pushed (better equipped and more numerous) Italians back.
Honestly, I wouldn't believe any religious study done in Croatia...
Beppe Grillo calls vote on M5S leaving Farage's EFDD and joining Verhofstadt's ALDE in European Parliament
I lived in a city with lots of immigrants/refugees from Bosnia and Serbia, also Croatia and Macedonia.
It took the guy we visited 1 month to make one.
Those little fuckers will eat anyting, they literaly prefer greas that is not from where they are.
m8 i agree Ante Pavelić is a war criminal and a dog, but calling everybody who didnt agree with communists, Nazis and killing them off is kinda also wrong...
Moj odgovor je povsem v skladu s pravopisom.
Do we blame "the nation" of to we blame "one man"?
The only people that enjoyed Yugoslavia were the communists themselves
Are you that hitchhiker dude from Kanal ob Soči?
isnt it about to become the largest party in iceland?
Greece had very good welfare state but tax evasion was rampant.
* Never part of the east bloc - check
44% of european muslims are fundamentalists.Many hate the same countries that let them live there.
wait so its not schwartz (black) negger (blackman)?
Not sure about volunteering, but among my friends 290 is the maximum and some get 220, so I took 260 as an average.
Slovenia'a press freedom is going down since Janez Janša is prime president
We will send up to 1/3 of our forces to help dudes.
But still...in origin in isn't European.
However, there's two more that I can think of, Munich and Cologne which in the past were called Monakovo and Kelmorajn, respectively
We refrigirate our eggs and 1 milk at a time so that it is cold
but in foreign they took them more seriously
Seems a bit odd considering he conquered parts of today's Italy.
And then you have SDS with not even a new face and they will always get their 20+ %.
Germans usually speak english well, spaniards, not so much (no offence guys)
So you're saying the Slovenian minority had all those problems with quite literal Nazi-successors
A se bos lubckou a?
For most of primary school you’re required to write in cursive and even in secondary school most people are used to writting in cursive so the majority still use it then and even later on in life
many of them by seeking refuge in the Carpathian Mountains
That wasnt anyone's fault, just the reality of being an immigrant
But in general, yes, we are doing better than other ex Yugoslavia countries
Working for 2€ a month is one of the pillars of your culture.
And then there were their wife and childrens who are also in those holes
There are some age caveats here though.
I know that people who didn't have cable watched HRT a lot (along with ORF and Rai), this must have something to do with it
unfortunately my bike was stolen and im too broke to get a car so im left with unreliable bus services
How do I die
It's a drinking song
People a few centuries ago apparently also thought dormice were devil-spawn.
instead of circlejerking good gulen
Sorry, no idea of any such website.
The cycling network is big enough and the city small enough that you can comfortably get pretty much anywhere with a bicycle
Oh, they have a lot of canals and other water features
That hardly counts, but, oddly enough, is true.
Pojasnilo glede prevodov naslovov filmov: prevod filmskega naslova je izbira distributerja in ne prikazovalca
> Jansa
And it "failed" or rather succeeded in the most spectacular way
The UK leaving implies that a strong unified peaceful Europe may not be able to exist
and meanwhile my flatmate thought her cats were playing with the closets
Yea, I went out a few days ago and it was mostly old people and people with kids
I saw another just yesterday and it read 'God is the way' or something rather neutral like that
I don't really care about which way the majority of it leans, I care about it's lack of reform, it's passing of some shitty laws and failure to pass some good ones.
Just barely tho
Go to Russia do crocodile for a year with that money.
He made another album about farting.
I reckon this common behaviour could amount to quite a swing in the poll
Something called “[segedinar] originally from Hungary)
I don't think that the Samurai play the same cultural role in Japan as the figure of the cowboy or the concept of the Wild West play it for the US
> Vodník
On shrove tuesday/halloween masked adults are not allowed into public buildings.
You forgot to discuss the pathetic cucumber (maybe?) thing on the right.
Some of the women in your photo are manly as hell.
Best effin thing I've ever tasted and I've had loads of Italian prosciutto in my life
aw, I always thought it comes from 'boja' - colour.
Because the Carniolan and Carinthian Slavs decided to join the rebellion Franks decided to depose their Slavic dukes and give the lands to Frankish dukes.
For us Slovenes no matter what sport it is if we are good at we go crazy about it
MY goverment wants no such thing.
It is something like 70% the price of the 4-pack
It's probably because bisaga means bag
Both camped, sang, had older member be leaders and so on
There's around 50000 Slovenes living in EU.
Although I don't see their ads as often anymore, there used to be plenty when I was a kid
0 to 19 is t-shirt weather
Sorry
They're 35th on FIBA world ranking.
Maybe they cleaned it up
It seems even more useless than the UN.
I'm more surprised no one wants Graz back.
I remember those sex education hours
also -cl and some -a.
I'd say its similar to the grouping of romance language countries.
Mark Twain is often on the lists of "home reading" books in elementary schools in Slovenia.
[Am on phone, so can't share my own, but this one is pretty nice :)]
I think it's the same pretty much everywhere in Europe.
They'd be too polite to refuse a gift, surely
Yet your President is also Prince of Andorra!
Both Lidl and Hofer are seen as low tier shops almost Wallmart like
Train track: *exists*
I formed a theory that the black man is in fact reffered to the Moors
As far as I know, out of Slavic languages, Slovene is the most similar to Sanskrit.
We need one of two big countries (Fr or GER) to "leave" EU so we can restructure it into something people actually wanted when the idea was presented back than.
When it comes to day to day interactions to most it doesn't matter what you look like or where you come from
theft of an entire nation's private property,
And I don't think hospital comission would allow it.
Never seen one of those here
To curse, you either use a borrowed word form former Yugoslavian languages, say literaly 'curses
Well it does get up to 36/37, about once a year even more.
Making "žganje" is still very popular
Either that or he has something seriously wrong with him.
Yes :D maybee even CETA will fail (If 🇺🇸 anexes 🇨🇦 :P)
But, correct me if I'm wrong
In contrast to Austria where the entire country feels the same
The German police says that there were two persons in the truck cabin.
There is a dutch guy called stuffs something....
A united Austro-Hungary would be the same as the EU but with less countries in it.
*Slovenian PM hides under his bald head*
Maybe, although larger countries are usually split into states or provinces with the exact purpose to make things more manageable.
I would suggest you try to avoid the train between Ljubljana and Budapest, if at all possible.
The monthly charts are always insane.
If only people in the poorer half of the EU would realize this
Let me try again
This is what Europe should be about
But TRST is ours
Well, after the year 2004 they finally begun to think about its construction
The war on corruption is never won or lost.
It’s a composite of med- (honey) and esti (to eat)
Is there a documentary about this?
Here it actually comes from the male name "Stanislav".
Never mind the bombs, there are almost 4 years of brutal fighting in the Pacific and 2
Also Bosnia, where the Bosnian is either dumb or comes up with something that sounds dumb but is genius in its simplicity
He travels the sky in his golden chariot.
Yep same here
I'd prefer if these things stayed in America.
One, and it is not open yet
Yea, that's exactly what people in Maribor with a complex say
Sadly this is typical of Austria.
Maybe the people who run that restaurant I guess
They are secular and have lived with christian Europeans for centuries.
They closed off all access points until they managed to put it to sleep and relocate it
Im blind, where even is the watermark
000€ per month in exchange to fuck with the healthcare system would you do it
I don't want to end up in [Valkenvania]
We get "[kresnička/firefly] in lower classes and they teach us in school that we have to use it
If that fails, people donate money to cover treatment abroad.
jadralni zmaj - gliding dragon (hang glider)
M8 there are more fighters from Gothenburg(city in sweden) then there are Bosnia.
Yes, it's that bad
I'm just guessing but it's probably because they have access to places that are usually inaccessible.
Most companies disabled 'pay when you get it' option when ordering on line
I know what Ferragosto is, I'm Slovene.
Wow, I never knew someone can have such strong feelings for cosmetics.
I may be a bit biased, but yes to Ljubljana.
Not all packages need a signature
Is there a border between "eastern" and "western" europe or why do you think there wouldn't be any hedgehogs in the "eastern" part?
can confirm on Bran, of all the castles seen in Transylvania this was the most meh, it seemed artificial somehow, like its made of cardboard, and the museum was poorly stacked
000 cases of sexual exploitation
Never a boaring day in Berlin
But im guessing that fals under the NATO-Russia mutual alowed areal spying agremant and stuf.
We had the coldest January in years.
(plural or formal)
Stray dogs not really
We were a poor county
Mate, it’s not just sea transport
A lot of commenters said cigarettes but no one said alcohol which is just odd to me
I just know there's plenty of them.
It’s quite rare for a Slovene to say “prekleto”... “sranje”, for example, is much more common
some politicians need an eternal enemy, so they can give excuses for their lack of ideas.
Anyone picking 1st option is either a moron or has different agenda from merely going to his own destination
If the immigrants are in fact learning the language then that is not a sign of failure of immigrant system.
-ec
Hmm, I wonder if this is a thing
I studied Italian for 6 years in school and while it was harder to get a grasp of what sounds right (because I don't really watch Italian tv) The rules had fewer exceptions and the exceptions still adhered to a pattern
It's a stereotype among ourselves not something people in China or Peru know us as.
Fords are definitely built differently, I mean there is this thing called Ford Europe and several Ford cars share names but are completely different vehicles sold in two markets (google "Ford fusion EU").
billion = milijarda
I have even heard of deer attacks when they are in mating season but it is rare
English private investors have a dedicated website with amundi.
Man, you really need to calm down and accept that Ireland cannot into mountains.
Slovenians love it to but what is there to watch
The putting up celebration is organised by family and friends and removing celebration by whoever it was put up for
If only I understood what you wrote here.
The second option would be to 14th century in the time of [counts of Celje ] I could warn Urlik II
No one thinks it's anything special
An asteroid hit us a month or so ago
But I can't really tell if it's a majority or not, but if it's not, it' close to a majority
Didnt pepsi have 7th largest navy
And those plots have the habit of being leveled by the city to make.
Thank you for the explanation
shoes dont care about feet, people do
Interesting but there is no denying that some anti-fa groups are bankrolled by some wealthy billioners.
The US would do everything in their power to prevent an EU-Russia alliance, because it's clear to everyone that if that happens, it's down to 2nd place for the US
2 nights might be a lot, it's a small city (if you're doing only cities).
I was looking for the correct translation for that but yours is perfect
Mistaking us for Slovakia
When you say Oriental rug, I think of Persian, Turkish...
You're either extremely gullable, or extremely misinformed on who biden is
Oh yes, if breads falls on the floor you must INSTANTLY pick it up and kiss it.
I took the question as "which european country" instead of strictly EU members since there are a lot of countried that are in Europe but on in EU.
Once in school we were listening to a dialect for an exercise and I literally couldn't understand anything
Apart from what /u/bomko said, I think the gap is mainly due to the fact that we millennials are the first generation in Slovenian history that was raised in liberal democracy and social capitalist economy.
Her father dah the presence to unote the left an the right against him in pressidential elections to "protect the republic" they are crazy.
The tradition is for the farmers to release their sheep freely in the mountains in spring, and then collect what's left of them in autumn
si and Petrol
They are normally cheaper than regular food and mostly for workers who work close
Either from "čuješ" ("do you hear
but in English, I say it with an s, could be wrong doe ( [buːdəpɛst/] is the pronunciation according to Wikipedia)
Well at least according to the subtitles from the movies
Funnily enough, Palermo is my father's favourite city
Sorry but can I ask you if your surname has literal meaning or what the root means exacly?
But it was not just about cooking we learned about general household stuff
The entire world population at the time is estimated to be around 5 million people
Next time you photograph your cat, you need to take better care of the lighting.
Oh, so the secret to his success is that he has aides?
At that time the Refugee welcome policy was favoured by the people and the politicians and limiting the transit on the Balkan route was met with accusation of xenophobia.
Well, surely the diatonic accordion is the most omnipresent in our folk music (usually also called "Oberkrainer music", if anyone is familiar), but it actually got popularized just in the 20th century
The population of the municipality I live in went from 4741 to 4977 in the past 18 years
Not the smallest, but still small.
Let's pretend it's 'Austrië' for the sake of my previous comment.
People still drink and drive, thinking they're okay to drive but then cause accidents
Europeans typically don't camp in the wild, and in the mountains we stay in mountain huts.
Greek
The heavieast blow to the italian speaking community however, was that most of the italian speaking population left our country after WW2
If we make its seem as the people of europe want Transnistria recognized.
But without a bigger ~~propaganda~~ national tv, who would tell that you everything is fine and you shouldn't need to worry about the ~~failing~~ effective healthcare
That is the spine of his last opposing candidate
We’ve broken virtually every record
After that expirience if I hear a tunderstorm I feel a little anxious
It's all trying to kill us, wreak havoc on the world.
Well I personally don't see any sarcasm in those answers.
(Also if you come to Central/Eastern Europe, do try some poppy pastries
Hello, I am Erazem Lipovina
Slavic Europe is no better at describing things than Central Europe
Hey would you be willing to make one of those for slovenia
There is a small sub-section of sjws here and they have their on safe-space in abandoned factory [rog]
I dont know what you are on about but sure.
Sure it does
Bolting out of restaurants/cafés after 2 hours max
The way things have been lately I don't dare make predictions for one year ahead.
This guy solved this problem by hiring a dog to smile for him.
It's illegal to enter and reside in a country wich denied you a visa.
It's gotten a lot better but now we have another group of immigrants causing concerns especially in high schools.
Zweschpen in an old Austrian word that transformed over time to Zwetsche and to češplja in Slovene
I don't think Croatians ever play a thieving part in our jokes
The real scary part are the people who vote Trump.
Tako, da bodo tile odpadki še 20 let 100% v naši lasti
They in most cases don't answer for their crimes (except for cases when vigilantes beat them up, again mostly for theft).
In Kosovo, there were targeted killings, but the number of people killed in that way was hundreds (or at most a few thousand) out of a population of almost two million.
People used to watch those 2 decades ago, I guess.
If you want cheep go to Bosnia.
Classic self-absorbed leftie you are, lol ignoring central and eastern europe only taking countries as spain,portugal,netherlands,british and france.......
there are not a lot of benefits, intra-eu migration is way more beneficial...
Since 1991
Anything in Prekmurje really
A politician is allowed to steal millions of Euros and is not to be prosecuted, but a poor man trying to feed his family shall be jailed for stealing a loaf of bread
Religion is just briefly mentioned in ethics class in 8th or 7th (I'm not sure) grade
Her son also speaks fluent Slovene and yes, she did visit Slovenia years ago.
My prandparents helped put me through uni after the housing bubble tsunami hit us.
We are good at that
That doesn't mean he's right though, most of the time he's not.
*Vesna* and *Ne čakaj na maj* are my favourites.
You know, people eventually forget some of the things they have learned in geography class, even if they were paying attention.
Also a number of kids with physical or developments disabilities that were given up by their parents, but aren't "attractive" enough for other people to adopt.
and other wealthy and expensive places such as Tokyo
to form a resistance you don't need acceptance from them.
I think so
Could be
Look below for the photo I posted, unless you are joking too.
Lajbah so koletkiv nacistov v osrčju naše demokratične država.
0, which is just that
No we don't have anything like that
Thanks
Usually the italians will switch to slovene if they know they are in public and speaking to a slovene person
There is 1 KFC in the whole country so pretty much non existent
Unskilled labour is paid around 700-900€ per month.
Brits were getting benefits and benefits, i remember my grandpa coming home from brussel ,annoyed as fuck as Brits and the dutch often got what they wanted(if there is one thing you guys hate is regulation).
I remember learning about the Atlantic Charter, Yalta, Potsdam etc
It's US caused crisis and NOT OUR OWN.
Please, central for about 1300 years
Average dorm room rent in Ljubljana is 72,08€. There's also some duty thing that costs 21,58€ but I don't remembered paying that
I just checked in my German book just in case I was wrong but that's how they taught us
But to remain in the office and enjoy the benefits after it you need to play by the rules OR you pay consequences
While I learned English through shows and the internet I would say it would be hared to learn it through rules the way they teach you in school
I'd say the most famous, and in a strange way relevant book at the moment might be Vladimir Bartol's Alamut, a novel about the leader of the hashishim sect of assassins from the middle east.
It schnapps with berries
Why isn'y Belgium here
This monstrosity:
Tungaj transformer,
My dad stil watches and reads Winnetou.
Laibach
"Ne delaj se Francoza" - Stop acting like French is a saying when somebody pretends to not understand something
I almost never watch them, since they just make me miss the live music more, but they need all the support they can get
I knw, but i like biting b8 :D
My grandmother makes these in bulk, freezes them, and hands them out to everyone in the family
Actually taboo is the right word.
Brilliant
TL;DR: it's a glorified mood ring.
Especially for younger kids who have to be kids after school, not sit behind books
*Realistically*, there's no other option
True but moulds have hiphae, which kinda look like deep roots of a tree, and aren't visible to the naked eye.
There were also pastures all around and famers would still say that we don't know how a cow looks like which is silly
Chatolics converted solstic selebrations into Xmas celebrations.
To this point I only thaught you were grumpy uralics with nothing better to do but anoy your russian minorety TBH
He is very Trump-esque on Twitter, demeaning virtually all media and harshly criticising Slovenia's socialist past (although it was the left-wing partisans who liberated the country during WW2 - a sentiment which is still very much alive)
Once I heard a Chinese man speaking Slovene on the television and his accent sounded quite interesting.
Nice
I would suggest you to go to /r/russia with this.
My mom also makes [potratna potica] Very delicious and moist.
TIL there is a town called Gorizia right next bo Nova Gorica.
Then they bring out plates with food and salad bowls
According to some definitions, a part of Croatia is not in the Balkans (and neither is Vojvodina).
China - Kitajska
I love fucking Finland
i have also seen such an abomination, lmao
Catholic Church pretty much does nothing here, except run Karitas.
Some of them, on the other hand, develop an identity crisis and start getting so much in touch with their roots that they become a self-parody.
We rent out our land to a few local farmers.
These are unobtainable in Slovene, so I always read them in English
He has a very very distinct accent.
Oh that really was your sister ;).
English accents here differ from region to region though.
Italy today seems to me quite a normal, secular country.
71sqm in city areas and 89sqm in rural areas.
I think since 2008, we have a new party formed  for each election just so that our current PM wouldn't win
Yes
Image of Yugoslavia was completely distorted in western media.
imported by gasterbajters :D
And with this in mind, I think the best answer is the Triglav National Park - because its worth is already established by its nationally protected status, and I think there's a general feeling that it truly belongs to every Slovene.
Was it Shrek
The most beautifull city in the world of course - Ljubljana.
The biggest carnival is held in [Ptuj] Schools have mini carnivals where everyone dresses up in something and there's usually music in the gym.
iant it sad in itsef that its an "oposition" magazine, as in the magazines have abandoned journalistic integrity so much that they openly support an agenda
But still if you plan to go hiking in Slovenia, I can't recommend it enough
What are those numbers in the middle of the tallest building
13 European Nations Meet About Possible Migration Uptick
Some parents do have savings especially for their kids college
And Italians took way too much as they should if we look at the ethnic borders.
Slovenians caused the breakup if you ask Serbs
I am as sorry for the Notre Dame just as much as I was sorry for Palmyra
Now I haven't really seen any of those, but probably there is a hipster sub-group that is all into stuff like that, I don't know.
You are conpletly misquoting me.
You gonna tell me you dont share the same sentiment?
I travelled a few times from Ljubljana to Prague (about 14h), from Prague to Krakow (about 8h I believe) and even from Prague to Gdansk (14h) and every time it was cheap and comfortable
Actually, there's lots of schwas that aren't written (anymore)
I feel more unsafe with them on our continent than without
Doesn't France have more rights to anex Belgium tha the 4th Reich?
) have effectively worsened working class welfare for decades now in the developed world, where small communities were nuked from the orbit with trade deals that exported all major industries to the global south or China
The food between the northeast and southwest of Slovenia is as different as the food between Italy and Poland, and we're tiny
> otroci na cesti
Summer time for sure
It's not that much about internet freedom, as it is who makes money from internet
Same goes with music/language schools and other things such as scouts.
They look more comfortable than most benches
Sure it is, now go eat your mapel sirup and let the adults talk.
European Commission upgrades Slovenia GDP growth forecast 3% for next 2 years
Also
Slovenia is safe, egalitarian, fairly progressive, has good infrastructure, good social safety nets and a high standard of living
In a student home but I would never call that a home or moving away from parents
I've been to Singapore and the first 2 things I associate it with are:
Boats should be destroyed and illegals returned to whatever North African country they came from.
I however don't drive a VW Passat TDI, Salomon shoes generally don't fit me and I don't plan on building my own house if I can avoid it
Haha
Maybe borovničevec, which is schnapps with bluebberies
Maybe some minorities in Prekmurje but I don’t think anyone else celebrates it
You're just Slavs in denial anyway :D
The reverse is 21%. Not a major difference, both would be comparably hard hit if that ceases
However it would still be better off than other countries that later on formed Yugoslavia.
All I know is that Aspartame is E951 which I try to avoid but I don't go out of my way.
I'm sure this will be part of any deal US and post brexit UK will sign
Well, you know, you got to milk every last drop of karma.
So now we extradite our citizens to other EU members for crimes committed in EU
Hello, I'm also from Slovenia and would like to offer my view of it.
Mesec can mean also "month" though
Hawe you any idea how much "tax" can be colected of worcable feelds.
today that we need nationalism again.
Erm yeah, you want to know how much you get after taxes, who cares for the before taxes number but the state.
Once their "business partners" start losing money they'll soften up immediately.
Also once I started reading the lyrics, it kind of turned out that they're pretty shallow and not as "deep" as I assumed they were
16 New Year Code dress : shine bright like a diamond
Bread and lard is a popular snack in the rural areas and among the older generations.
Plus Erasmus+ Intership/placement twice.
I came off a bit more to the right and a bit more democratic than on Politicalcompass.
Well, we have to visit the sea somehow, and we sure don't have enough of it for ourselves ;)
In Slovenia Spar used this in commercials, since we also use the word (although with a slavic twist) šparati
One
Yeah, for Slovenia is off completely.
Obviously nkt everyone is like that but it is a huge problem
Not a Polandbro, but also from a berliner nation (they're called krofi here), so I'll answer.
"Nadaljujemo
False
Our biggest lake completely disappears twice a year
I find them rather disgusting tbh.
Isn't Ramesses II also up there with around 66 years
I'm not familiar with their system enough to give an opinion on whether it is appropriate or not
I just read the same news in Slovenian.
\<10 chilly
Seafood and very sweet pastries.
Yes
News about music - someone will throw in something about corruption.
You probably meant deciliter
Nobody stole Prekmurje any more than any other region was stolen :P Also, Murska Republika bitches, older than Slovenia
You were joining the club and you had to accept some EU standards of cooperation.
Again excusing one crime with another, eh?
Most of our gramarians are people who stayed with their heads in the 80's. They still think that Serbo-Croatian is the chief foreign influence on Slovene, while English gets more and more influential every single day for 50 years
The downvote button is not there to downvote things you don't agree with, fyi.
I wonder what will they say
Yes but communism is a failed ideology on which we betted on.
Monaco seems to be a bit off
You know you are doing something wrong when Macedonia (FYROM, for you Greeks) has better healthcare.
Op is probably Slovene, we don't have ć.
what was their reaction when you touched the goverment issue?
This is what I hate about Americans.
I think it depends on the school
At least the location was really good
Thank you for mentioning that
Im saying its unusual tonreport on suvh trivialety.
S3- and 4 is where it started to go downhill until everything turned into utter shit and unwatchable garbage
I tried them and don't really understand why anyone would like them.
Opica = monkey ...
While it may be true that the majority of the people of Yugoslavia spoke "Serbo-Croat", there are several dialect that are almost their own languages; additionally, there were also the Slovene, Albanian, Macedonian and many languages spoken by other ethnic groups.
It is a common thing that when someone gets stabbed it happeens in a fight between folks south of Kolpa
We are doing the same at our health centers (not welding, but locking) so we can screen / triage incoming patients so no-one with simptoms can get into "healhty" parts of the building
Judging by the porn stars, I'd say you have some very fine kurwas indeed.
You should listen to [this] Calling the Anabaptist cult in Münster freaky is a real understatement.
Eh, we have farmers who like to shit on us "city folk" and talk how better they are then people who live in cities and how stuck up people in cities are
But Turkey is a part of Europe.
We use it for puree
Or do we agree on that as well
Well you would run in small villages here and there, but generally there is quite some wilderness here
Kranj: 37 941 (municipality: 57 065)
Reminds me of [maximarket] (also a shopping mall) and [Cankarjev dom] attached to it.
Tertiary is already pretty much there, though, with mutual recognition of degrees
whenever I'm abroad, only whitebread I find is this one.
I guess we just need to go to Portugal then
Unfortunately you can't rely on us to do much in a war
Catalan is Spanis, so is Castilian.
A slučajno piše **občina** Ljubljana?
In september, a police officer died during work, he was stung by a hornet.
I may have just climbed out of my cave after 2 years of sitting in one place but I am pretty sure that bears don't count as human civilization and I am pretty sure the virgin forests of Kočevje wanna talk to you
Jugovzhodna Slovenija
You can also get unlimited data for 20€ but it's 4/2 mb/s.
Our prime minister used to be a popular comedian
Credit cards are just financially unjustified for regular daily expences.
But using it makes you look like an airhead.
I'm surprised we don't Google ourselves the most
But we also have plenty who do, and to me they're no different than other Slovenes.
Kind of
We don't have anything simiral except for 'filana paprika'.
pst, we can concur them instead of merging ;)
večkrat zdrsniti, zdrkniti: potne kapljice so mu drkale po čelu
I never watched cartoons on German TV channels because we had plenty of good ones on ours.
I mean, fair, but is Ukraine really the destination you choose because you can't deal with a bit of corruption
No mountains, no hills - just flat terrain
That's really interesting, because "rit", means "ass" in slovene.
wow can i ask why are you learining?
I did go along with people for things like burek (particularly the pizza style filling seems to be popular at night), pizza slice, fried chicken or different forms of kebab
I don't care about ski jumping
No, i know one person isn't representative of everyone else
I lived in Balham for two weeks.
That would only work for Liechtenstein though, Andorra is not a part of EEA.
In and around the Soča/Isonzo valley, there's loads of stories about Napoleon and his army
But of course, now you have people here who feel all smug about eating it (they believe it's "healthy" and "traditional").
Thirdly, Slovenia had both ant active independent partisan (not under the command of Tito) and anti-communist fighting force, both home-grown and composed entirely of Slovenes ([Liberation Front of the Slovene Nation] [Slovene Home Guard] Next, unlike in Macedonia, many Slovene civilians were deported into concentration camps in Germany to make room for German settlers
I've just looked at the map of lactose intolerant people and it seem like white population has least trouble with that, anybody knows why is that
> Yes there are a lot of political shenanigans that aren't ethical or right, but England does not "rule" or "control" the other countries in the Union
Why it is good to swindle anyone?
As for shorts, 4 °C is enough - usually you don't get that cold in legs as in arms
I always have copies of my ID and/or passport in at least 2 different bags and you can give it to people who you're travelling with as well
Edit: just remembered - there is a running joke that you it's pigeon's meat in burek in Ljubljana and that is the reason they are not as common as they used to be
He's controversial for other reasons
But definitely any adult male bellow the average 1.80m (5'11'') is (to me) considered short.
Looks like Belarus is next on the list after Ukraine and Syria.
You Americans can go to your own subreddits.
On the other hand, I think only Sabahudin Kovačević is a son of immigrants in our ice hockey NT.
I feel you
I'm not sure what Slovenia would have to offer at such a fair, but our delicious [blood sausages] would surely attract huge crowds.
But HE knew better
It looks something like [this]
Sales of paracetamol are up too, from what I've seen and overheard
Like [this] where you can 'ski' on google maps.
It is also important we standardize the eletric system.
But London metropolian area does not.
Dont do drugs, they are bad for you.
Hedgehogs will do that the most, some people have them in the gardens in a kind of a symbiosis
Get this 4chan-level Photoshop away from here!
Republik Srpska is defined by Daiton.
Alcohol also does a lot of harm to your body (just like cigarettes) and therefore they are likely just as bad as eachother
Italian
How many members does the EU have?
On the national scale, some dialects are so far apart that some call them different languages entirely
What about when Italians got pushed back all way to the Piave river?
Even if ive lived in london for the past 3 years xD
I'm more afraid of of weird and ineffective "corona rules" that are taking place since new laws are made overnight and are getting weirder and weirder
Doesn't it bother the people that your country's language is not used
While the french have pinered packeting data years before.
One can easily be understood if they only use nominatives and infinitives though
Quite normal, at least I have not been in any weird position because of admitting it
Yes, it's "karjola/krjola". I don't know where they use it though
I think that's a thing in most (colder) countries, no
It's our national trait, and everything bad about Slovenia stems from it.
>and we need a strong leader
Such interesting and rare animals.
Parts of Carinthia and Prekmurje have very typical pronounciation that is hard to shake off, and for some of them English is second foreign language (German being first)
They sell any wiring, pipes, roofing they can and let their animals sleep inside.
And even then, let's not forget that new EU elections are just around the corner, so if you're worried about it, just don't vote for MEPs and parties that supported it
Arent you guys finaly leaving the union?
The content on YouTube even has this intimate, domestic setting with streamers: "instead of hanging out in person, here is my friend Ted on YT reading me an FBI crime statistics report proving blacks are inferior to me".
That channel also happens to be a standing joke to most Slovenians; though I hope that we eventually get some good non biased media (other channels while better have a decisively left / governmental / EU-fanboy bias)
Homeless people living on benches in parks.
And our trees are usually smaller than yours.
I don't care for TV and stationary phone, my company pays for my mobile (if I even cared to have it in the pack, there are better options available), so I only need fast internet
Pubec je ena najgrših besed
With a bad ass emperor as a figurehead leader.
Wheat, barley, buckwheat, rye, yogurt, kefir, cheese and cottage cheese.
You cant compare America-the cultural pot to ethno-centric european countries.
Making "žganje" is still very popular
\*Nazis
The price here is 1€ in Albania 0.50€ and a superor quality product in Austria is priced at 1.02€.
Slovenia has a border with Serbia, but Croatia does not
If it has to be cold, let there be snow too so at least I can have some fun.
Hehe, yes we can be vile and horrid but I still love it here.
They also give mandate for the asembely of the goverment to certen parties in the parlament, and can not give it to the election winers like it happened in Portugal.
You see your economy being hurt as positive?
We learnt about the system in Slovenia in my social pedagogy class.
I guess, this is what we were taught in school.
Their German sounds retarded, so you beat them their, I guess.
I don't know about best but I'd say the worst was Janez Janša.
First using the term 'Serbia' and not the 'Serb government and/or military of the 90s' is actually branding the whole nation as killers and terrorists
Source: picture
But I don't think we have a special oppinion about them.
I'm wondering, what's with the police officers on the photo in the article
I'm also not sure how our policemen are trained, I know they can only use firearms for certain crimes.
> The country isn't one person with one belief
Plural: Hvala vam
Czechoslovakia and Checnoslovenya, got it
Not really at least in my part of the country
It was considered a 'Yugo'-sport and there weren't that many Slovenes in our NT, but I think more young Slovenes are nowadays deciding to practice football.
Kids who compete in these are members of clubs outside of school.
We were supposed to go through the entire historical timeline both in primary and grammar school
Bohinj lake has beautiful beaches so does Soča and some other rivers, but those tend to be cold
How much of dick you must be to attack a 16 years old girl
24th, in the evening with dinner
They are probably damaged
On the buses there's plexi glass or plastic behind them but nothing on their side.
Just pointing out, this is support for the workers in Hungary, not support for Hungary passing those laws
Tillola F
At least in the part where I live where we have abundance of mushrooms.
I read an article pointing to this same issue, how countries manipulate their regions to get the most money possible
Of course this would not fly with the general public
You'll find the best ones in Trojane
It's definitely not a common one, and not something I'd *use* per se, but "not so green as you're cabbage-looking" made me laugh for a good five minutes when I first heard it.
Yeah, I included that with Italy
Took us a few years to eat all that canned stuff!
Didnt pepsi have 7th largest navy
Well, honey if you bring up data plans, you might as well count broadband.
I think current events across the pond show exactly why.
> peanutsauce on fries
Deutsch-Österreich spricht Deutsch!
This is fairly new 5 star hotel
You make no sense
I always wondered what the point of that was.
I think they still do
They were moved to Germany during WWII by the Germans, because Gotschee region came under Italian rule
To actually build the tracks, it will take another 100 years
They simply tied their hands, shoot them and bury them in ditches, caves
The missing ones are: Ad Malum/Ad Pirum, Aegida - Capris, Atrans, **Carnium**, Colatio, Castrum ad Fluvium Frigidum, **Celeia**, Longaticum, Metulum, **Nauportus**, Neviodunum, **Peotovio**, Praetorium Latobicorum, Pyrrhanum, Romula
We say it "sirov burek"
TIL Jacuzzi is a brand
Why don't you want France to have a public healthcare system?
Chicken, turkey, fish, beef, pork, sea fruits.
Pretty much every village has volounteer firefighters and a lot of the kids are members.
Of course people are more impressed with more succesfull people.
Naah, no stigma here in Slovenia.
Then does anyone use 1dcm instead of 100mm outside of school exercises?
"Politicians not as curruopt"
I need light so I can wake up for work
O, hvala lepa
That's called Hippocratic Oath, and I thought it was used everywhere.
Looks like Novo mesto
So I see Balkan as ex-Yu + Albania and Romania
What about Waldorf/Steiner education?
Now I'm wondering if something like this wouldn't be feasible for motorcycles
I would expect ukpolitics to talk about brexit
/r/europe upvoting a man who's history contains brilliant and thought provoking questions like "Why Eastern Europeans think they are white?".
Yeah that's how dual works in Slovene, too
If it's anything regarding money, we're at least two shades redder than them
We have the highest density of caves
My high school was in an area that speaks "Rovte Slovene", so we did a deeper dive into the differences inside the group
It includes [kranjska klobasa] a traditional Slovenian sausage.
Germany is as undemocratic as Russia.
Russians are the same in Europe and in Asia.
It is always either English or their own language (mostly in Italian) because the part of the country that I grow up for some reason the Italian tourists always expect we know Italian, the same goes for people that come from Serbo-Croatian speaking countries they expect we know their language already
If yes -> continue to 2nd referendum
Lake Bled, Slovenia
Also I'd have to make roughly 10x more there to be able to afford the same level of security and comfort in life as here
[Leskovački ćevapi] from Serbia.
The street view of this town on Google Maps is rather
Italy took our land and inslaved our people.
- tretja moška sklanjatev (c, npr
We had no open issues with them.
Kdo bo naredu crosspost
Firat grade we learned printed then in second we learned cursive amd we had to use it throughout elementary/primary school
I call for an embargo of chocolate and chocolate raw material from and to Croatia.
While I don't think it counted as drugs, more as herbal medicine, there are recipes around for brewing tea from poppy flowers or unripe pods to help with insomnia
Someone please correct me on this, Slovenian is not my native language
The memes here on Reddit are usually literal translations of english memes and everyting sounds super cringy to me
" (The Italians are attacking /coming)
It's Russian, not Slavic
If I survived giving birth
This is true, but then how would you handle such a situation in a way that doesn't involve throwing innocent civilians down a sinkhole and telling the others to pack their shit if they don't want to get the same treatment?
Why do we know Adam and Eve were Croatian?
We have 'pre-school education' vocational schools but you can only be a kindergarden teacher assistent after finishing that.
This, I haven't seen any of the aformentioned comments.
You are an exception and you have very high earning, esoecially for your age
[HK Olimpija] for me
you may also want to take a look at this:
Suggest you going south and you will arrive to Adriatic Sea at Venice lagoon
Sorry
We don't have much orphans here.
Well, the part she is sitting on is.
[I wonder what this means than]
love the artstyle
We have one of the most dispersed populations in Europe and many people can't imagine living without a car.
I often have to take a sick day, because my cramps get so bad that I can't even move without excruciating pain.
I once heard an American describe Slovenian language as "German-Russian language".
The law we have today has been in effect since 1977.
Our church doesn't have enough bells to play any melody though.
Stage a few protest and stuf goverment will start thinking, hmm this seems a good way to win the next election.
Dormice stew
edit: there's also [this] but it can't be found anywhere online and it's only in Slovenian
It just sounds weird in my opinion
Is it like this, when u get your slo ID then u are automatically counted as a slovenian in statistics.
Also aren't there a lot of lakes
Still nicer than Črnomelj and Metlika though but those are a lot smaller
You learn to drive on one (can't get a full licence otherwise), the first car you will buy is a manual because they are cheaper, any other new car is cheaper also.
Oh right, I didn't think about that one.
It happens sometimes I meet someone suddenly behind the corner, but it was never even close, we might just steer more to the edge once we see each other
But for close friends its a bit different (at least as teenagers)
But you don't have to be Catholic to join Skavti.
Such a catchy classic
Mosquitoes, flies, moths, grasshoppers (those disgusting huge ones as well!), spiders, daddy long leggs, wasps, those small-ish black beetles, one night I had a toad hop in through the door.
"Če čebula ne bi imela če bi bila bula
" Verjetno 5 ali 6 volkov (with no "i", since you've now provided a specific number)
It's nationalistic maybe and definitely a type of discrimination but not really racism
I'm pretty sure that Ministry of Truth sounds as Orwellian as it gets.
Shit, when we talk about Graz we might as well be talking about New York
edit: for high school, things have also chnaged since I attended
Andrej Šiško
They would have to eat up their pride.
Pomurska
How the institutions will break you, if they want you
You could just make the trucks hybrid and use the solar power to replace some part of the fuel consumption.
If you stop in 🇸🇮 i can hook you up with some sweet 🇸🇮 comemarerives ect.
You have East Germany, isn't that enough for you?
And not only for external borders.
If you meant Carinthian Slovenes by any chance, German isn't their first foreign language, but their second language
German, because why not
After adopting the euro the purchasing power dropped
Ours is kinda cool, "let's all be friends".
(enaindvajset, dvaindvajset, triindvajset
Yeah I know, I thought he had some story behind his comment
Which is exactly the amount needed for two coffees in my favourite coffee place.
I do find the whole "ZLOvenia" meme quite odd, because all the croatians I've interacted with are super chill and don't really give a shit about those minor border squabbles (neither do most slovenes tbh, its just seen as a political squabble when the average Janez gets along just fine with the average Stipe).
Again
I was afraid we'd be something like "dirty mafioso immigrants".
A car is useful if you want to get there quicker though.
So, I came here to cover these things, and now I end up learning some things I hadn't even heard about
But it is true that it has not been even a year yet
Some Slovenes argue that Carantania from the 7th century was a Slovene state, but that is complete and utter poppycock
"Sparkling Conqueror of China"
What
But there are not enough of kids to replace the old people going into retirement.
If it weren't for Böhmermann's Erdogan thing, I bet most Germans wouldn't even know about the existence of such law.
The real big brain move is always in the comments
- Mary of England = Marija I. Tudor
Turkish invasions in the 14th century made them a traditional bad guy in folk tales and bedtime stories so it carried on
And Estonian sounds as much like Hungarian as Slovene sounds like Manx
You are correct the city did have an Italian majority, if I am not mistaken, Italians made approximately 60% of the population.
(in Slovene you say "pacek" to a child that is dirty and has not washed himself)
Doesn't matter if there were, by luck, no casualties.
I die when I see people frying eggs on olive oil.
Ah, can try'i. Well, this night not'i almost nothing sleep because i most time spent with learning for exam
how would you define "balkan" in terms of culture?
Veveritsa in English I think
Yeah, but he Julian calendar is tied to the Gregorian so itd nolonger difts.
There are other between-schools competitions, like chess, futsal, handball, but not many schools are part of it.
Zakaj bi kdo dal presledek pred piko?
God is on your side
I hope the mods solve the problem.
And of that I am proud
Slovenia on the other hand did.
But I am well aware of low paycheck problem in Slovenia and how hard it is to get a job
It is possible that Croats had status of foederati: settlement allowed in exchange for military service.
Just EU level please
Not to mention he hated NATO and "how the US has to spend money to protect other countries"
We also have some weird youth organisation that promotes Christian values that sometimes puts cringy billboards up, but I'm not opening their website to give an example
Now I'm not sure how much this really happens and if it does I would like to see feminists to advocate more for that and not for quotas.
Hungarian, totally incomprehensible to me
We should put them.under sanctions and an embargo to teach them a lessom.
Ours stay put on illegaly occupied land.
I've seen it
> I will be sure to ask my Eastern European partner that tomorrow morning, although I already know what the answer will be
I save around 5000 to 6000 EUR/year
It got its first city rights under the name 'municipium Claudia Celeia' in 45 AD.
But now that I live in Ljubljana I don't do that anymore
Great job Estonia
dropped my plate of spaghetti...but who cares...what da fuk was that on pic :)
If they used the same color scheme for both then distinctions between the countries would be less visible.
They're called Linški piškoti here, so judging by the name they originate in Linz.
Kuskus has it's origins in the Arab world?
I haven't heard of such a thing here.
), and since this region was quite cut off from the rest of Slovenia for most, a visit to the regional museum in Murska Sobota castle might be interesting
" Probably 5 or 6 wolves
I also heard they agreed they will keep working even if showing signs of infection but only with patiens who have confirmed infection
Well, caves, a disappearing lake, and a really really pale cave lizard thingy aren't really that photogenic.
End of june, mentally ill German stabbed a police officer.
Sea transport
When I was a kid it was normal to have a fight or two basically every night and in every club, these days it's beyond uncommon.
Same as with other religions, as long as you are not forcing your belief to other you are fine
Pešec pešači čez pešišče is a famous tongue twister from Slovenia
a free ski pas sounds fucking amazing, do you go ski touring ever?
Myself I have seen and heard wild boars while out on runs or walks many times
Because they're so *vibrant* and *cool*.
Dormice stew
Primorsko-notranjska
Get her super wet
In my family it was only when we had family gatherings because there was no place for all of us to sit at one table
Now now, that was a common Balto-Slavic endeavor, and Romanians and Hungarians helped too
I absolutely hate airports and flying takes so long, that it would be much more efficient to go by train
How is it any less democratic than any other parliamentary system?
Over here it's just sweet, not minty :-/
It has nothing to do with other nations.
there are, actually
I know
Is really Bosnia with population of 2 million something that will destroy us apart?
“They do not have the right to ask for my passport – they are not my employer; so why should I have to hand it over?
For me it is use of: Costumer instead of Customer, college instead of colleague, paid instead of payed,
I would make it that Ivan Kramberger wasn't assasinated
Yesterday I brough up that they are parking on my parking spot with one of them
We had a giant scorpion in a bathroom in Tozeur, Tunisia
They have their parallel italian school system from kidergarten to high school
Check Ireland's corporate tax rate to find out what it is :P Also, I'd be against raising that minimum
Let's make "Less than 500" and "No Data" almost the same color
and yet every italian i have met so far insisted on trying to speak italian with me.
Let's make it a naval war then ...
a remote village of around 4,000
Our Russia
one that did not play a part in the Cold war.
The Czech republic and Slovenia have even surpassed some Western European countries in terms of GDP per capita.
You can send it to me via a PM if you want
Flies, because it's most logic
In between classes knuckles was a popular game, thanls for reminding me about the rules (spinning the coin, if you blew it you got slammed from everybody in the circle)
Especially for young drivers as a 1st car.
Me especially since my birthay is in december
Now that Albania is into Europe, Serbia is into China.
They were happy to pick up Untermenschen into SS once they started running out of Aryans.
Handicrafts meaning making stuff out of wood, metal,... technical drawings, electricity
Again though, I might have misread the data ... but see for yourself
Send some snow to the coast pls
Other than in school, it's not really a topic.
Very nice
There's a Mexican restaurant or something at the bottom of the house
Both
But my parents live in a house and they usually keep the door unlocked
Isn't that called defenestration or something
Imo it means fitting in without 'deviating' far from average but still preserving your culture to some point.
Not all of them had a lever
School shootings definitely are not a regular thing in Europe!
You have letters in latin alphabet available, like ČŽŠ and similar
Then Bulgaria, Ukraine, Lithuania, Serbia and BiH.
Idk what my cultural region would be.
Noone mentioned actual fish and chicken and noone mentioned vegetables.
Both were more important to Slovenes than Ljubljana.
You will also need a separate visa for Serbia.
And a "non codified constitution" is a sory excuse for a constitution.
Lenivec
Wtf am i getting downvoted for lol
No , i didnt get the statement in that way.
They could develop some quality trourism there + it's not far from Berlin and Hamburg
Then he takes me to this Polish guy and says "look, he's from Poland!" and then smiles encouragingly.
I remember us doing pancakes
"Truden" in Slovenian means tired, in Croatian it's pregnant
We survived being oppressed by everything from the Roman Empire, Napoleon, Fascist Italy, Nazi Germany, Austro-Hungary, Croatian NDH and countless different nobles through our history.
So Mama Merkl is afraid if her unfinished buisnies coming back to haunt her...
we stopped at a farm for pumpkin oil.
I didn't know that and imagined that jacuzzi was a type of hot tub
It has always been the wall
Sometimes annoying or tiring, sure, but unless there's a feeling of superiority on their side, all good, and that I've never experienced
Why would someone downvote this?
This year feels colder than 2019
You should try 🇸🇮 we have a referendum every year.
They are also very afraid of being accused of rape and partying culture and dating culture
Someties they were probably set-up as a thank you for a path saftely travelled or if there was a fatal accident.
Well no, because of low tech stats.
City is really being left behind.
solution would be just to treat people as individuals and with respect, but I guess the SJ people enjoy the schadenfreude when they treat "the oppressors" like shit.
United Kingdom - Združeno kraljestvo, it sounds weird.
It's the Slav way
It was horrible, but the alternative to that would be much much worse
Not the best solutions for fire safety, but now there are other priorities
We have dialects that are more different from each other than Slovenian is from Croatian, for example
] Truly one of the greatest experiences
There isn't ethnic/religious holy war between all middle eastern countries.
the biggest influence if of course neighbouring countries, but there is also the problem that we dont have words written in specific pronounciations (we have two different Es and Os) and many words can have an emphasis on a different syllable depending on your dialect
~~Jurij~~ Jur, used for a thousand
Govoriva o denarni socialni pomoči?
A carbon tax would do a good job of accomplishing that
It's CIA-funded rebels and terrorists that made a mess in Syria
He's actually a leftie by heart, but the left was so stacked in Slovenia that they renamed the party from *Socialdemocrat party* to *Slovenian democrat party* (shorthand SDS in both cases)
Animal cruelty
But no, nothing like what you described.
We certainly need allies, we can't exactly defend ourselves alone
Genealogy is a hobby to some people (me included) but I wouldn't say it's that popular.
Not every education system works for every country though.
Yea I'm not doing hostels anymore either
While you can easely get solid spruce for about that.
Funny enough, [Nova Gorica ] was the “nicest” medium-sized town in 2018 and [Velenje] was the nicest bigger town in 2019
It is a popular place for weddings.
In 1913 Serbia conquered north-western third of Macedonia to great Bulgarian dismay.
I just didn't know it has a name.
Now everything is left vs right though
I'm all for increasing aid for Africa, but Africa needs to do some hard changes itself.
At the end of WW2 the Allies decided to give that area to Italy cause we were communists.
Germany and Austria for helping us win our independence
As a slovenian i can confirm this
Back in the day you would only move to the side if you heard an emergency vehicle approaching, which is obviously not very effective when there's shit tons of trucks that have nowhere to move because they stop 10cm behind another truck
An odd comment in a thread about Nazism.
Choosing between 2 and 3 is like choosing between supporting global warming and supporting an irrational fear
Because Android is objectively better and we're less naive
Well, in Slovenia after the breakup of Yigoslavia we adopted capitalism, but our early governments took a very gradualist approach to the transition
Corporal punishment is a punishment for doing something bad, standing up is showing respect.
Also Paris, I think it's just super overhyped so I didn't know what to expect
Avstro-Ogrska
Seriously, it's nothing new
Tho Švabi can sound preety mean
You didn't sign attendance when going to church, did you?
It also means that they can't preach at the homes of the people who actually want them to preach at their homes.
Marelica in Slovene
Maybe a separate kingdom that could have included modern day Slovenia, Croatia and Bosnia could have formed, thus completely diverting the way these areas developed from the 18th century onwards (under Habsburg supremacy)
Thanks
I do not think the situation in Macedonia is comparable to that in Slovenia
Please send some snow to me
This was already known, wasn't it?
Same with area around Rogatec/Hum na Sutli.
Even today you can observe that France is the only big european coubtry that has one megacity and no other urban centre comparable by its size
Temperatre changes can be very drastic here.
How can you even rank a whole university when there can be huge differences in quality among faculties and programmes.
sestri - 2 sisters
and more
Our Slovenian plates are rather boring, but our military plates I find really cool
Ah yes, and our PM is apparently very excited to see Biden there instead of Trump, whom he congratulated on a 2020 win
it is even more similar in pronounciation "schwetzka" and "schwitza"
Presurem from Croatia to owerturn Dayton and that incursion of croatian special forces into hungary?
I think it's called tripe soup in English and quite common in other countries as well.
I only have money in my wallet after visiting my grandma, my parents or my aunt.
So sorry, Europe
Thank you France for everything
kr se ti heci alen, pa boš vidu hudiča.
Our history is not so much history of empires, great men and great armies as history of chaos, survival and inventiveness.
This whole Nokia thing always makes me mad
Does nobody in Slovenia look at translations
Spitbank Fort, Solent, Portsmouth, England
It's more common for students to eat outside as we have subsidized student meals.
We do refer to grandparents as *stari starši* (old parents)
It's not the same as the one in your link.
We should respect and support the will of the British people.
Breznica, Gorenjska/Upper Carniola region (NW Slovenia, 10 km of Lake Bled)
Generally I am happy with the system, however the wait times are too much
But that would minimise the collective Karma gains.
> Schnitzelsemmel
And on that bombshell, it's time to end, good night
millons have to die for people to see...
It really destroyed my sense of self-worth for the next few weeks
I still quite like to have it about 5 or 6 times a year, but not more often than that
I was about to write you're delusional until I read you live in Cyprus.
Each one of those stories was meant as guidance for life, not as commandment.
That's a running morbid joke in Slovenia.
Unfortunately until we have that option we should stay in NATO
Here in Slovenia, it seems like a lot of different kind of products seem to have much more sugar than the same ones in Austria.
That's why the name of the village can be interpreted to mean "Terrible Lunch". But in reality it stems from "heavy thaw", as it's in that part of the valley, where snow thaws the fastest
Afna its an old word for monkey, my grandmother still used it
but EU states seem keen on collecting data
I don't see many people jaywalking at a red light anyway.
Eggs are stored at room temp in the store
Not often you see Montenegro, Bosnia, Serbia and Kosovo but not Slovenia on the map nowadays.
If you're gonna be spending that long in Slovenia, I'd also recommend a visit to the north-east regions of Štajerska and Prekmurje
edit: typo
If we count different sets of case endings for the "same gender" as a different gender, Slovenian has 12
My brain is not working correctly in the morning
The second is Naples and the third Brussels.
You are right that linguistically, slovenes belong to the South Slavic group
So, you are saying that basically every newspaper except Nova24 and Demokracija
All of what you noted here we learn
And everything is accessible by car in more or less an hour from the capital
In Slovenia Spar used this in commercials, since we also use the word (although with a slavic twist) šparati
In fact, they (SDS party) even unofficially run their own TV station (Nova24)
And that was exactly the period in which Ukraine lost Crimea and Donbass.
Well, no overlord ever willingly grants the right to self-determination, unless they're certain of the "right" result
> The bad news is that we're never leaving Poland
> sprostý
We had that on [May 20th]
I mean im really not sure, but judging by my experience in three very big and influential non-English speaking European countries (Spain, France and Italy) and their lack of the English language I have series doubt that even at the professional level that a few are capable of speaking English
Here in Slovenia, we dedicate a significant chapter in high school Slovene to our dialects
how is the length of time your government has been functioning any factor weather its a good system.
Thats not what he said
Edit: Changed "grammar school" to "gymnasium" because apparently the term is valid
We have nobody else
Because EFSF is a conpletly different type of a organisation than IMF.
Which pretty much means no borders anywehere at all.
Jebiga, življenje ni potica
Speaking of bosnian, serbian and croatian
We learned English and German in school, if that counts.
The list of BS goes on and on, and normal citizens didn't have a clue what's actually happening
Putin would be proud
Take a ride along its numerous alleys and enjoy a unique experience.
They also accept [kids into their ranks] :D
None of it makes sense but I wish him well
And the fact that so many people here are explaining historical events with such authority and are rewriting half of it is a darn shame
Does Slovenian have a single word for everything between noon and midnight then?
Although ot has a university, it's apparently not that great but, once again, can't say for sure
Your roomate will be the same sex as you but everyone out of your room is mixed so the next room could be a different sex
and hope that people won't be upset about it.
Ah, reminds me of how some of my coworkers are developing a new product.
It's probably worth something
That does not make a name a Slavic one
It's kind of difficult to judge English since we all understand it.
Our golaž definitely looks more like that porkolt thingy.
Your comparison with the US is just so very bad that I'm not gonna comment on that any further.
They stopped being released here is Slovenia a while ago
Yes, every time you eat there you have to check-in with a card or mobile phone and I believe restaurants are then paid monthly by the government.
Yes, sorry, I edited my comment.
The good ones are Spar, Tuš and Mercator (the last two are Slovenian retailers), who all offer a wide variety of well known international brands and local products
no not really , by that logic any religious , political or philosophical stance i disagree with thats available to the open public is cuasing me psychological harm.
It's called segedin or segedinar here.
I ofter mix up the english "mine" and german "mein"/or "is" and "ist".
That's plenty cold in the summer.
Bread does not go with anything
Watch out Czechia, the Slav GDP per capita crown shall be ours once more!
Does someone just go through and downvotes every single comment?
But not in any kind of "civic nationalism", or whatever many scout groups are doing (I feel you've noticed that with US scouts), but mostly trying to give them tools to understand politics and the system we live in
Not just younger, prettier also and better surgeons
Pretty sure the UK is going to be the 52nd state (after Puerto Rico ofc) before Czechia is part of Russia
Is hallucination from malnourish.
Don't go to the dark side
Furthermore 96% win 5€ or less
Over half of Slovenia is covered in forests and additional reforestation is at the moment more of a problem than a blessing.
Honestly generalizing that only women "had it bad" is just wrong if you ask me.
If it’s that person who gave the gift, use “kateremu je dal
I've heard enough immigrants who have lived here for decades and don't speak Slovene to doubt that a tourist would surprise me like that.
He decided to ask our subreddit if this is really normal here
It would be quite hard to make quiet sections, since our trains sound like The Battle of Kursk
And most of them were old and religious.
I'm only aware of Russia having a different one than everyone else
Can you browse reddit tho
Oh yeah, what's the deal with your railways and Interrail?
And there is also [Ora] which is similar to Fanta
Do kids in kindergarten wear shoes all day as well
Lots of backslash against teachers and kindergarten teachers atm, because they're staying home right now, even though they're forced
Yes when there is a lot of rain it turns brown because it lifts the mud from the bottom of the river otherwise its green
When I worked as a special needs assistant the school I worked in had Czech exchange studentS and they had fricking Crocks, sandals and even foam sliders as slippers
Because all the Dutch I met, in Slovenia and abroad, were very eager to chat.
I told my mum I'm not going outside just for a fucking hose and she said that if I'm not going, she is
German- because I already know some basics French- it might be useful
***Pešec ščije čez cestišče*** A pedestrian is pissing over the road, it's a mouth full even for us
Serbia has great relations with Republika Srpska (thats in Bosnia), and is also a guarant of pece in Bosnia.
Maybe the UN should control it, because giving either side the power is likely to end with the other fucked over.
So do we
That's not true at all or there would be few people outside Lj and Mb
In Croatian, apparently it means to row hard and fast, but that's the closest I got
Instead of attacking me, maybe you shouldn't eat everything media feeds you with.
But then again, we don't really need it.
But if Croatia is competing I root for them
113km/h
Well, yes and no
it takes the little banana anus out
Hvala vam
I've also been making a point of visiting some part of Slovenia every year for part of the annual break, usually some 4-5 days
No Vlad Tepes
But like I said before, I need more info.
It's missing one relevant variation of the question, though: "Would you feel comfortable if one of your children were in a relationship with a person from one of the countries down south
[This] is what most Europeans mean when they say they're going camping, and not [this] These campsites usually provide, water, electricity, toilets and there are often restaurants nearby, so it's not exactly a wilderness experience.
Summer sports really should be kept in summer
I'd probably have to say Russian
look at her ... 4 bottles of wine
- A Minuet for Guitar
You seem like a #GrammerNazi, and we all know what to do with people like yu.
NSI) and that radicalises the first and weakens the other.
My friend and I actually went on kind of a trip there once.
A white horse is still on [coat of arms] of the town
It took me a while to start using 'what' instead of 'how' in cases like these, and I sometimes still make a mistake when speaking if I'm not paying attention
I am a bit over average at 1.71m (5'7'')
Damn, I needed a good laugh today!
And call in and complain over them.
Quite frustrating that they could easily understand what we were saying in Croatian, but we could not understand a word they were saying.
The real rarity are the 200€ notes, which I've had a fortune to see once.
I only know two relations: Nova Gorica-Bohinjska Bistrica and Nova Gorica - Ljubljana
I doubt very much you had lax homosexual laws, welfare state and " feminist" goverment in 1917.
I wouldn't be so quick to point fingers, you son of viking pillagers.
Would trade her English accent for what she did to Slovene words any day of the week
metric volumetric cooking going on here.
They're more ruled by England than Slovenia or Croatia were by Serbia in Yugoslavia
it's not targeting ethnic Turks, it's targeting Turk citizens/people who live in Turkey
Try places like Transnistria, South Osetia, Abhkazia.
I don't think English is hard language to learn, but it's not easy to really, really master it
81 - 6
Pets are in the eyes of the law, objects owned by people.
But I wouldn't really call them American style restaurants.
But TRST is ours
Would love for them to 'nomad' to the UK.
"Nadalje" can means further/continue
That is under our minimum wage...
There were some other Europeans there as well.
Sometimes I have to even use Google Translate to find the Slovene word I'm looking for
It's an inauguration of an American president.
yes, it's exactly as good as it sounds, no sarcasm.
A few people dance, most sit around and talk
Then wealthier members could provide more funds and less wealthy members could provide more manpower.
And no, 500ml bottles are standard in hospitals on tables and in wall dispensers
Someone wants to sneak some drugs through europe
Many small settlements are carrying this affix of the region to the name to distinguish them from other same name towns in Slovenia
Out interests aren't the same as the USA's, or Turkey's, or the UK's, and I wouldn't want us to be dragged into another war just because someone went and poked the bear
But fr yes, I've done it and i wasn't alone so
I tried to find the numbers in the [document that is supposed to contain the source data] but sadly my rudimentary knowledge of Turkish and google translate have not been enough
Americans are dead set on desteoying each other
Maximum measured is 0,08 - 0,09 F/liter.
Podravje is 4th out of 12 regions by GDP per capita
Edit: flair slovenia
It's stupid and it needs to be stopped.
Be it casual racism, warmongering or whatever, but if you guys hate him then it's a plus for that in my book
It wasn't just Putin that contributed to Trump's victory.
Well, you can't do a lot with "Muhammad"
So this thread is a bit confusing.
Ye the city would be much more developed in Slovenia.
But at the same time often you can't distinguish between a Russian and  a Frenchman
Nobody is forcing them to join.
Do you feel there's any systemic inaquality for women?
If the communists were half as good at economy as they were at composing, we'd be begging for the EUSSR
But you always kiss der deuche ars :P
Hey what about thompson in knin?
As long as there's enough money to take care of people, population growth is not a bad thing.
In the meantime, I barely even touched a single book in my own native tongue
That's my two cents on it, I wanted to wade in a bit seeing as my fellow countryman had a really short post with precious little information there.
Also it wont have that usual charm
You know go to conventions anf stuff like that, which exist here too btw.
„Ђурђу попе, што то нама срамоту чине; но ако Угрима не требује Београд, требује цару.“
We are [chicken shaped]
We also apparently kept the hard k, unlike how we turned "Kirche" into "cerkev".
It looks crazy because they use digraphs for single sounds
There are all kinds of uneducated idiots out there.
Slovene Istria has a different traditional dish, but don't know what it is.
In Ljubljana city buses, no, because you get off at the back of the bus.
" for Slovenian Redditors)
Those criteria were dropped later in the war.
Oh, so even Hungary is Central Europe by your standards but not Slovenia?
Read Dictator's handbook
That's a weird question to ask the whole Europe.
Beside that, if you register a temporary address and live required km away from home you get extra 80€ government help
But we squandered it
Much is opposite in the usa
It's just an indication someone's immune system is weakend.
Where is spawn point
Here's [our expenditures by function] A large chunk of this is the horrible pension system, that's bound to collapse in the coming years (see [our age pyramid] to understand why), unless someone can form a government without the Pensioners party and enact a pension reform.
If they have permanent residence in a country they should be able to vote as people who would be elected also represents him, while citizens of the country that permanently live somewhere else also have voting right even if affairs in the country have much less impact to them
And a bonus dual option: Hvala vama
Never seen one
We also have something very similar in Slovenia
Every
Turkey - Beuatiful architeture, very nice coast, I love Istanbul, will definitely return.
That's why the threads on the matter usually turn out rabidly anti Catalan
Been absolutely thrilled when a foreigner tried to speak Slovene (and butchered it royally)
Not really 'nearby' by our standards
> the vast majority of people in the UK are quite frankly rubbish at Grammar
One time he came out of the forest, within 15 meters of her and her dog
As a kid I was always confused as to why Americans have those spelling competitions since I could spell every single word without thinking, but then you start to read written English and discover how hard it can be for them and that it's a nightmare for non English speakers.
Over here you leave a city bus at the back.
The French, who were actualy germans.
Finland and Sweden are not in NATO
I don't know what's the true color of the river in this photo, but rivers [can have that color]
Tollo F
Yeah, call the country whose people actually elect their president undemocratic ;) top notch.
Especially for younger kids who have to be kids after school, not sit behind books
Also, Jackie Chan in Armour of god, filmed in Postojna (I can't believe I know this).During filming of the opening sequence, one scene called for Jackie Chan to jump from a wall to a tree branch.
For electronics, I usually order them from the German or British Amazon website.
I love how diverse our language is, it's both South Slavic and Western Slavic sounding, there's a lot of German and Italian influence in the language as well
you can be intoxicated also only by the alcohol vapour and fumes even if you don't drink.
just the Stripoteka magazine by itself was amazing.
This Tiny Sliver of Russian Territory Is What NATO Fears Most
Suppose this mystery is cracked heh
That's just because Turkey's national goal seems to be to make sure every tourist gains like 10 kilograms / week there
Everyone in Slovenia hates everyone in Slovenia
And now many people seem to want out
that makes many people desperate for a higher purpose
we're not really big on these things
> another referendum
An metric shitton of companies went bankrupt during the 2008 crisis and workers started managing them.
Very nice
Rural vote klerical while neavou rich andnupper middle class in the cities vote liberal, suberbs vote socialist
What is odd, though, is him even talking about that, since the Albanians didn't show any sign of wanting to attack the Serbian minority.
Austria is carniola
[University of Ljubljana ] probably
Either Solze or Krst by Brezno
Slavic is a linguistic group more so than a cultural one
I don't know anything about the culture, language, etc, about South America.
Other neighburs are quite heavy meat eaters.
- A Game with the Devil's Tail: Almost mundane stuff about married life
They learn about world religions from an objective point of view
My country of 2 million (Slovenia) which is (or was) a part of their route has these statistics available at a quick glance: around 420 000 people crossed our country, of those around 2500 got refused entry into austria and returned, 149 people asked for political asylum and our government planned for around 550 people.
Southern Austrians, like Carinthians and Styrians, literally are largely just Slovenes that started speaking German
The decision for building it was taken in a very werd way, without a large political consensus and based on flawed assumptions
Sorry, I read the wrong -est city :S
He was released in early 2000s but UK didn't deport him to Iran as he would be executed there
You should keep away from the terror targets like France, UK, Germany.
Did you intend to paint Swiss kids as murderers in the making, or was that accidental?
Did some things around the house instead
I'm just waiting for their president to post a pepe on twitter and it will become the official alt-right party of Slovenia.
The last time I drove past there the building on the right was still a hole in the ground.
I just wonder how would this country look like today and which role it would have within the EU and more widely in the world
Only if the stuff they import is actually from the EU.
The sit they sell in mcdonalds
Ironic
[This article] describes it better than I ever could
I don't know, maybe I'm overreacting but Orban scares me a bit
Making their way out faster and esier woud in fact be a favour to the UK.
I bet some people went "basement jokes heh, I guess they really like basement or whatever"
Never forget
Yeah every year there is few bear attacks
However, it didn't work abroad.
the problem is that its up to countries to decide to which sphere influence they want to belong.
My friend is a kindergarten teacher.
Are you sure you are in AskEurope subreddit
Edit: oh yes he is there the Impaler
If you're looking for something that most people connect with, then [this] is the obvious choice.
but i couldn't read his name without seeing "edgelord" in my mind
It was snowing beginning of January (around 20cm where I live) and the snow only melted yesterday because temperatures went above 0 and it was raining.
Bratranec (male) and sestrična (woman) are both cousin in English
A lot of stuff, but at the moment I'm heavily into Bruce Campbell stuff after watching Ash vs the evil dead, my favourite of his might be [Bubba Ho-Tep] it's a comedy about Elvis, JFK and an egyptian mummy in a nursing home ...
its hard to tell someone who wants a better life " hey man just wait around for the next 20 years and we will reach the european average"
If you're not aware, we had 10000 people comming in each day.
Children also dress up as three kings and shepherds etc.
I doubt Trump will support terrorists.
Mixed info
Shops are within walking distance (closest is 15 meters away), next town over is 15 minutes by bike.
Also Possible
Some buy petrol in Austria because it's sometimes cheaper and they swear it's higher quality.
Ohhh :)
My classmate in high school (his parents are from Bosnia I think) once brought burek with cabbage to school but said it's called pita
A man once tried to introduce the concept to them.
000€ per month until the end of your leadership
Ok guys, your towns are beautifull.
Sorry but your last paragraph makes no sense from economic prespective, japan and Usa cant be compared to usa.
These days, being forgotten by everyone is pretty much the ideal situation to be in.
Nothing more than a hunting rifle.
We have that too
And Trojanski krofi are the best krofi in the world.
I just like old Slovenian kids/youth movies like [Kekec] for example.
Sestola I
Das war eine Beutelratte
eceive their full wage for some years, then half of it for the rest of their lives
Does [this] beautiful glorious thing answer the question
- The head office of the Slovenian Postal service is also in Maribor
Great to hear
Bismarck was against colonialism
Hell, maybe you could even get others to move there.
Wiew from the hiking home on Kališče, Slovenia [OC]
Sometimes news have to add subtitles for very thick accents/dialects.
In the future, I hope I will still be alive to see a huge transeuropean rail network of fast trains
That's for sure how it goes here.
nothing has intrinsic value
It's such an ugly sight driving towards Karavanke
Are you short of labourers in Škoda or something?
> with equal rights
Egypt’s foreign policy: Why is Sisi seeking ties with Portugal, Slovenia?
They have data for Croatia and Serbia but not for Slovenia
Funny, here in Zasavje my parents can and do outswear me regularly.
I can say almost the same as a Slovenian (about Istria and a few other islands in Croatia like Krk, Cres, and Lošinj) because there are a lot of Slovenian tourists there
Check Ireland's corporate tax rate to find out what it is :P Also, I'd be against raising that minimum
You should learn a slabic lanhuage like say russian.
basically the same as a tribe
We were all sitting on beds, not wanting to move because everything was so disgusting
But we also have movies from other countries
That's a very interesting system
Sometimes different markets actually prefer a different taste of a product.
Our people used to live in harmony for centuries, 2 wars and atrocities on both sides shouldn't ruin that
Just a big room where we all left our things
Liberalism is based on equality.
LOL, you cant even speak russian m8.
That's the original one
What used to be the hallmark of the European Union, Schengen, is slowly withering away as more and more countries build fences on their borders and set up border controls once again.
Standing up to the 🇺🇸 goes far deeper and farthe back in time.
It's a *fait accompli* so to speak.
Far from it
If only it had immediate effects.
"g" at the end of the word is pronounced as [h]
[The Slovenian army organizes every year a conpetition in shoting with the M-48 long range bolt action rifle.
No one associates these TV shows with suburbs.
Or you just have more words
I think that even Covid19 won't stop us
Also we think that countries that consider themselves small but are bigger than us are big
But in fact, Korean is a language isolate which means there is *no* other language related to it.
Maybe just people have to get used to this being a normal social right, then in the long term they will start seeing the bullshit that they are doing
For instance my friend was thrown out of a store in croatia because she used the serbian word for bread (unintentionally)
Slovenes actually had some semblance of unity in Yugoslavia and Austria-Hungary before that
Probably [Velenje] it’s full of work immigrants from the Balkans and they usually speak very poor Slovene
Like when the "kid" is 18 or does it go on forever as long as the family is present
What progress are you thinking about?
And now in the new Borat movies he calls Slovenia a "shithole", and uses the story of Melania as a way to frame the story of Borat's daughter
English of Spanish people in general lol.
But i have mates from Macedonia who study for free so it souldnt be a problem for you
So do we
It doesn't matter if we had 5000 come in a day or 12000.
He was almost done with school, like 4th year or something, and he believed homosexuality is a disease
Very well, my honourable and learned friend!
Bataclan, Nice to list just the most famous.
Hollywood also gives shit tons of money for world-wide marketing.
Honestly, I'd prefer a nice regional alliance over NATO
Not sure what you mean, since there's pretty much 1:1 mapping between Serbian Cyrillic and Latin alphabets, and we could easily represent Russian Cyrillic with Latin characters just as well without requiring any special new characters beyond the soft and hard signs
For sport (target) shooting you have to be a member of a shooting range, for hunting you have to be a member of a hunting "family" and to carry it with you for personal protection you have to show probable cause for being endangered.
An argument can be made that Assad is the least bad option for Syria, but that the USA can do a lot better than Trump.
It's like the bitch vs beach thing
Why not vote in a brand new line?
> I have never experienced a temperature below -9° C, but its probably really bad
In elementary school we mostly called female teachers "tr'šica" which is a coloquial form of "tovarišica" which means "comrade" lol.
[I'll just leave this here.]#Common_grammatical_innovations.)
It's a heresy for sure, but is it a tasty heresy
But I have my YouTube set to GB because trending videos in Slovenia are horrible
Seems legit Italy
Why should they take are of Germanyes refugees?
I 'swam' on a secluded beach in NW of Scotland
This doesn't happen to me every month, but when it does, there is absolutely zero chance of me going to work and being in any way productive there, because all I can think about it the horrible pain in my belly.
"No use in thieves and lunatics." Combined with the previous sentence it seems you're advocating killing off, or removing thieves along with lunatics from the gene pool.
How they graduated high school is beyond me
We use knedli interchangeably with cmoki
They do have serious problems, but they don't import more of them like we here in the EU do.
Subcutaneous fat rose for an average 20% in 50% of kids
If I were a soldier I would much rather fight in WW2
These are correct and need to be protected
If he lives in Maribor and works in Ljubljana he'll get like 300€ for transportation alone
768 €
Edit: formatting
There's always shit to steal in school and then to sell back to original owners.
There's a bit of speedway and increasingly popular motocross.
I dare not set foot on 🇺🇸 soil.
It is wonderful museum with alot of great things to see
They only care about profit and you better believe that are no lines they will not cross to get to that
Yep, I definitely agree
Turns out that's pretty damn hard so we became slavic Germany instead
That's why you can still find a lot of german sounding surnames in Slovenia
How we see it is a bit tricky, I'd have to say by and large it's considered a separate identity.
The origin through "čuješ" would be super interesting, considering the word for Germans in Slavic languages derives from "nem" (mute)
And Peter Florjančič who conceived the PERFUME ATOMIZER and AIRBAGS
Here is how I see things: Russia not only is a super power (terrorist state or otherwise), but is the one super power in our backyard
Edit: one more thing to put costs into perpective
It was officially abolished on constitutional level when we got our independence in 1991, but even in socialist Yugoslavia it was rarely practiced
You must be biased as fuck to not see this.
It doesn't have the usual eurovision syndrome out songs have where they make everything overly heavy and dramatic
We all know terrorist muslims are fringe group.
Everything in my room was shaking
And if you’re going to say this thread isn’t about this, it kinda is because the fact that a priest comes to inaugurate the opening of a hospital is indicative that the state and church are not separated
We have them in our capital
Definitely Dubai of SE Asia, hands down
Check up r/slovenia of people outright suggesting to a guy who wants to visit his gf what excuse he should give in case he is stopped by the police
It shows us as one of the least safe countries in Europe.
[It
I like Italian Dolomites, the rest of Italy is very nice as well.
Good point
I always wonder how people still fall for it.
Finding parking lots can be hell, but other that that and driving through extremely narrow streets, I love it
That's typically Belgian :o ? I thought we were the only nation this mad
And for the extreme cases, there's still adoption.
Very similar to how it is here.
Thick enough for the spoon to stand in it.
Most people look to me like they are scared of bends in the road
Is there a trend of seers working on TV?
Like between Italian and Russian.
I didn't even know that's a thing.
If he was to take the 10% literally he would have given the 1€, but I get what you're saying
Wow getting a bit agitated here?
Football is basically religion, anyway.
I think I saw something written on here by some guy who said that this issue is so profound, that the embassies of the two countries have standing monthly meetings all over the world, to exchange mail an other misaddressed documents.
2 teenage girls are talking in Croatian behind us "What language are they speaking
My initial comment was meant as a joke anyway, but then some people took it seriously, so I decided to troll a bit.
Even on a rafting boat down the Soča river and outside toilet facilities in a camp, they kept chatting away.
Not just the old flag, the old regime as well
Examples :
We only have one language (Slovenian) and it's pretty unknown to the the rest of the world, so I guess that counts
I guess they are going for the butthurt vote.
Delo bom s tebo ko svija s koruzo
I agree , it's foolish to blame the french and british of today.
In German class we learned that 6
Ever since my neighbours blind boyfriend walked in
And the wonderful Gaelic languages!
This applies or has applied to me/us as well.
- William the Conqueror = Viljem Osvajalec
You were thinking Beethoven, Mozart was an art movement in the 1950s that recreated mundane daily objects like cans of soup
3 days
means goodbye (forever)
Or maybe it's just retards like me and my friends
I've never heard about the France surrender joke in real life and 95% of time I encounter it is on Reddit
It's healthy, because it's balanced, with a high emphasis on fresh, non processed ingredients, lots of vegetables, healthy fats and seafood
Singapore supplied us with SAR (Singapore Assault Rifle), which were using 5,56 NATO ammo
It didn't exactly depend on us as modern nations
Using “kateri” instead of “ki”. Meaning “which”, “kateri” should only be used when “ki” makes the sentence ambiguous
Yea, I thought about those after I posted my reply
*I see a red-blue map and I want it painted purple*
Be good to your mother, kapish
The thing here is that corruption is being talked about all the time.
We also have some "invader myths", basically myths about various times we were invaded
As mentioned in previous answers, there are currently 23 countries minting their own euro coins - 19 members of the eurozone and 4 microstates.
In a very bad direction
Both Lidl and Hofer are seen as low tier shops almost Wallmart like
No, it doesn't have a big sign beside it saying **"FUNDED BY EU BIATCH"** like these projects usually do
On the right side of subreddit there are comunity options and there you can set your flair
He was a last male of the family so Counts of Celje died out.
I can do with constant responsibility dodging   and zero principles
If I remember correctly, I was taught Z with line in primary school, but we were told you can do either
The thing your rant is not addressing, is the fact that Germany has fair election, and Russia does not have fair elections.
99% of the time the answer is yes
Can confirm the one for Poland
EU has decided to close its borders for the potential swarm of Americans.
Finland -> Finska (the land of wealthy or "fine" people)
And sometimes we mix it up, and use a regional word - Hosta and Podhosta
> Corruption would have both member state level and EU level courts to hold both states and individuals accountable
If I may make a recommendation, take one day for Ljubljana, one day for the trip to the Soča Valley (go rafting if it's late spring/early summer), and one day for the trip to Piran, stopping at and visiting the Škocjan Caves and the Predjama Castle
Road work ALL THE TIME
Same here, they don't even want to take out things they were supposed to learn in schools right now
Doctors were helpless
Could be because most students still go home for the weekend or every other weekend and consider that their real home
I don't even know what to report this as.
I went for a trip to Edinburgh right on Jan 1 this year and people wouldn't shut up about that
If so, then my law school notes are outdated lol, thanks for clearing that up!
Same with Hungary only Orban is more subtle about it
Judging from that map, we have a special relationship buddy!
There is unproportionally more posts about slovenia in /r/europe than there is percentage of slovenian people in Europe
But that looks like it's trying to push the opposite agenda, if any.
And with that secured, the EU can continue trading with 7/10 of its top 10 trading partners
In Slovenia, the [minimum wage] is currently €790.73/month (we always discuss wages in monthly terms).
I understand but i am talking about fundamentalists.
No one took a shower that day
I thought soda is a non-alcohol carbonated drink.
Perhaps
There was one before him, here in Maribor.
Fun fact is that Borut Pahor is the exact opposite of our previous president Danilo Turk.
Italians trying to speak English come second only to Germans trying to speak Italian
Just look at the Middle East where secular and democratic nations of 70s turned much more authoritarian and religious
The weirdest for me are the translations in Harry Potter
Also the large area only would incres the rish of breaching controll on one point.
And then being ordered to charge into almost certain death
This is a big technological advancement
Speaking of bosnian, serbian and croatian
To pay for them they allowed the company to issue tickets.
[Marked hiking trails in Slovenia] with alpine huts (the public accommodation type) in the map.
Still if you find yourself on Kredarica you can't claim to be in e very popolous area
Bek - weg - away
I suppose the cringiest moment was in the mocumentary Sicko, where the scene of supposed Slovene health system was actually taken from our comedic serial
And this holds true regardless of whether you moved from one village over or from Timbuktu
They were moved to Germany during WWII by the Germans, because Gotschee region came under Italian rule
Surprised no one took it yet
We do have MP but they have almost no jurestiction over civilians, only military
Based and blackpilled
I am not overreacting, this was a horrible hostel
I really hope it's not operational anymore
According to the latest census (2002):
Care to explain
On the other hand, with another kind of propaganda, you can unite everyone, despite the huge differences
Dead
Another fight happened yesterday, instead of lying, JJ accused a journalist of laying
It used to be that cattle would be used to pull carts and the like and just like with horses, greenery and flowers would be added to the tack on special days.
I will believe it when I see Russian government say it.
Well -nig(g) is the germanized version and so not common in Slovenia, but the original \`ik\` very much still is
Just a slight note about the trains, Budapest > Ljubljana is just once a day I think and it takes 8 hours.
I thought about swing music first.
They probably brake down and cry like a baby for 3 weeks
People are generally more inclined towards support for Palestine, so you'll hear negative comments directed towards Israeli politcs, but that's about it.
House in Slovenian is "Zdravnikova vest" or in English - Doctors Conscience
Russian/Soviet technology - usually old, absolutely unintuitive to use but indestructible; it doesn't matter where it was actually made
But does it work if you try
Dont give me this bullshit comparison.
The Slovene cause wasn't supported on an international scale either.
There's a lot of funny village names here but most of them are pretty innocent
Bigger dogs need a muzzle, be on a leash and lay by the owners feet so that they don't disturb other passangers.
Seks
This map sucks as far as Western Balkans is concerned.
That's a first time I hear that.
I'd say being on the nazi side of alt-right would get you a beating in my region (Zasavje), we're called the red region and there are lots of immigrants from ex-yugo countries here, we don't take kindly to nazis.
Is he trolling /r/europe too now?
Singapore supplied us with weapons
How far away is the Adriatic cost?
**Integration** of migrants has to do with teaching them laws and social norms, not **assimilating** them into our culture
That's why I was confused
Thankfully the internet is helping **allot** with that.
Let's hope that the 4th of July 2018 will be European Freedom Day
Fucking
Funny irrelevant thing I just remembered - doctors in Slovenia still kinda call on Apollo the Healer, Aesculapius, Hygiea and Panacea as witnesses to their oath...
I live in second biggest city
If he cries, he will be a singer
really
I'm however quite afraid that Tesla is going to screw us over like Apple did with charger
but it also covers the EU ) and in High schools during sociology, but I don't know which specific parts are covered
We're about to lose against Cyprus, so, not good
It's commonly used here to describe someone losing their job
Finland looking good
If he kicks with his feet, he will be a footballer
He didn't say he deserved it.
Trieste has basically never been part of Venice, save for when it was briefly occupied for a few years
and CIA claimed TITO was a Russiam :P
But it sounds fancy and people like to use it
Maybe theres some difference between croatian and serbian but other than that...
Are we talking about the same Merkur
I figure it still depends on the town/village and on the family
Our higher education is in the middle of adopting the Bologna Process, so everything is a big mess, every year brings something new.
- As far as technology goes I would also give this title to Maribor
If parents are really close friends they might stay for a few minutes but not much more than that
I have only heard Švabi used for Germans
Or it used to be when I was a kid anyway
I also quite like some of the songs by Beneški fantje, especially because of the clear Italian influence in their music
You're blaming the EU for something it didn't do - that's Brexit-style talk
The national one here in Slovenia
> As a side note, they consistently tended to refuse to read error messages which were telling what to do and call me for help whenever something popped up
Only heard of it through popular culture and other people on the internet (obviously Americans) referring to it.
There's probably a lot more that I can't think of right now
they hear it in songs and see it in movies too much
And if you think that the situation today is anything like it was in Weimar Germany, you don't know much about history.
*Piedzimis tramvajā* - Born on a tram = To forget to close the door.
Immigration is not the solution for Europe's falling birth rates.
Despite knowing that structures can be reconstructed and rebuilt, this is still loosing a precious piece of history
Kavnik would mean a pot to make coffee in
They actually get killed by they unpreparedness (it happened just two weeks ago, again).
That would be the Bled and Bohinj lakes (in my opinon), some spas and Prekmurje region
So you can get some things like sandwiches for free in a lot of places in LJ and MB.
Common sense
PLS NO
thousands se sliši kot da jih je bilo precej več kot pa ta drobiž.
Turkish invasions in the 14th century made them a traditional bad guy in folk tales and bedtime stories so it carried on
how is this different from gambling for monopoly money or some such worthless item
Another interesting story about the time Turks were invading, is linked to the village of "Hudajužna". Locals have the legend that it's name comes from when Turks were camping near by and just as they were having lunch, all the church bells in near by villages started ringing and (there's a chance I mixed my myths up, but I think people just came with similar stories) saint Mary again appeared and turned them to stone, or destroy them
I guarantee you, that if China were to somehow manage to invade the US, gangbangers and the police, blacks and whites and everyone else would quickly set aside their differences, to go fight them
yeah but the US is a federal republic.
I don't think any of them were popular outside, though they all have US titles.
Tick-borne meningitis is pretty common in Slovenia and somewhat rare generally in Europe
All bought in stores, not online
Never mind the bombs, there are almost 4 years of brutal fighting in the Pacific and 2
I don't remember too much about them, but I think people tended to get lost to magical entities a lot and only sporadically returned, and there was a mass murder of dog-headed people
Most importantly in a small country like our, god forbid someone like our current crazy PM brings in a bunch of people from conservative country
And the west cant give Crimea legitemacy without doing it for all the ther pro 🇷🇺 seperatists.
Not sure how much is it, but parents get a certain amount of money per year for each kid younger than 18
That could be it yes, our Primorci are influenced by Italians a lot
Slovenians didn't flee from the war, since ours lasted only 10 days
I live in a tiny country so I will go to IMAX in Croatia, shopping or skiing in Italy or Austria, for a swim on the other side of the country to Croatia and so on
And it doesnt cost the consumers any more money.
NATO wages wars when important countries order it
So when we became part of Yugoslavia and became socialist, religion was persecuted, they had to solve the problem of christian things that they didn't want to give up
It certainly doesn't look like it here
Stupid because it shouldn’t even be a topic
It's turned into a purely transactional relationship.
Great landscape, exelant complex language
Or bread with some sort of a spread like cream cheese, nutella or pate.
TIL
If you think syria is closer to you culturally because you traded with them during middle ages then i guess indonesians are closer to dutch then dutch are to belgiums.
Russian
Long story short he was ultimately defeated, despite the fact that he successfully resisted for a fairly long time.
And the two who blew themself up in Paris were what?
But eg
It's pretty easy to see who profited from these policies
I think the fact that Croatia is contesting the sea around Koper is kind a petty of them - they have, like, half the Adriatic, what does a tiny bit of sea matter to them.
Happy Cake Day
Wasn't it also the Weimar Republic that put heavier regulations on civilian firearm ownership
Who wants to be in their shoes all day
Ne vem kje si našel to definicijo knjižnega jezika, jaz se je nisem učil.
and they always praise their country as the only freedom land, pathetic
All 3 government sides in the war benefited hugely from prolonging the war, and was disregarding any human casualties or impacts as long as it helped their interest
You can also get chanterelle mushrooms here sometimes.
For your sake i hope it's dry heat
I used to work in sawmill Bohor during a summer some 15 years ago, I actually needed someone to translate for me.
It is not  official, just used in talked language
[A true Slovenian classic with special styling and moves and love for pinball
I like Austrian ones, especially the one from [Graz]
People even joke about their regions separating from the rest of the country.
Just a very-long-game pincer attack to encircle and crush them
*shakes hand from afar without looking at you*
Ok so you want to go to live in a European country, what do you want to do there?
That's some interesting statistics!
>**áfna** \-e ž (á) nižje pog
Mental ilnesses included if they, themselves can sign it.
And flancati and trojanski krofi.
Depends on which of the fuckton of Littoral dialects you speak, but generally, yeah
Usually the italians will switch to slovene if they know they are in public and speaking to a slovene person
Edit: Just remembered, my biggest disappointment: Berlin
But yeah, you're right about the east-west question
I'm gonna pull out that [eurostat study] (can't find an official results page) that says we are :p
Did not hang out on reddit all day long.
those are podn-folk as we call them.
The situation in Turkey could escalate overnight.
I believe in both
We only have [one] but we have a highest percentage of Natura 2000 protected areas.
I find the baguette, wine and stripped shirt stereotype kinda funny in a satirical way, but that cheese-eating surrender monkeys stereotype is insanely stupid and makes anyone spewing it look like a bloody idiot
I'll even give you that Constantine Porphyrogenitus wrote some places in Eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina as part of Serb lands.
do i actually have to explain why blind hate is a bad thing?
As a slovene boi, Im excited about being in the same region as Trieste(Trst)
Because no way we (Slovenia) will close our biggest coal power station, it only recently started operating and it costed 1,5 bn €, way too much to run only for a decade
Companies with too much power
Puting the army on the borders of a sovereighn country will eliminate that.
Yes
113km/h
I also heard that with Merkel you get one refugee for free.
The medical systme is at the verge of colaps.
Why do you hate him
Donald, meet Vladimir: Slovenia acts as matchmaker
Just don't ever think people who claim to be liberal, moral, educated
The other hero would be [Rudolf Maister]
I don't think I've ever seen a window that doesn't open that way
Eggs are stored at room temp in the store
If Albania is not Europe, neither is Ukraine.
I'm pretty sure everyone, even those who haven't been to Greece, know Corfu.
I feel like the whole Slovenian sub is like a private party with people having inside jokes I don’t get
charged cavalry against german tanks
Nevihto, ki bo izbrisala ubogo stvar, ki je tvoje življenje.
Stuff like Catalonia, Basque, Kurdistan, and Scotland is there as well.
Then there's also extreme sports, we're big in **mountaineering** and everything else that's got to do with mountains.
Če si 50/50 lastnik plačuješ vse pol pol
"Serbia cooperates more with NATO than with Russia" - -
Some of his executive orders seem insane to me, but I don't see how they are anti-democratic.
Same thing happened in Slovenia like a month ago
Radenska and home made apple juice, yum
It changes the end of the word (for example: 1 stol -> 2 stola)
ah so it was your camper blocking the road that one time.
No problem mate we always get confused with Slovakia and this time it was Russia :D
[This] and [this] are one of the nicest songs ever
So hedgehogs can be find everywhere in Europe.
Stare is a legend but isn't ski jumping commented by Andrej Hofer
The police is left to work with outdated equipment.
-10 to 0 not really cold but I'll wear a coat, coats are cool
But since we're more exposed to American vocabulary and spelling, I think most people use a mixture.
Thank you for the explanation
Yep, quite common here, it used to be more common.
Ugly commie blocks, casinos and nice looking houses
What it received during the entire period is what Poland gets every year as EU funds.
Slovenia to enter the Associate Member State family of CERN
I don't know the (conspiracy) theory, but what I said sounds like common political sense.
Most of Slovenian cities had a huge german majority.
It was so fun
While other side are mostly pro partisans, as it brings more votes, but are divided in smaller fractions
I may be wrong with the translation or the example, but I grew up saying that
I live in the east, it never feels like west is that much better when I visit
Yea, every next person in a household gets less.
Looks like what we call [prežganka] here.
Maybe Serbs and Croats but we certainly don't have anything against them.
WWII is still going on aparently, we are only in a temporary sesfire.
They are unique and show local history, which I think is great.
Gornja Radgona used to be a whole with Radgona (Bad Radkersburg i think) on the other side of the bridge in Austria until 1918
We have one of the lowest migration rates in Europe.
But maybe that's because I don't like plums and would throw a fit as a kid if I saw a plum inside instead of an apricot or a strawberry
Čmrlj can be pronounced \[ˈtʃmə̀rəl\] or \[ˈtʃmə̀rl\]
0 period starts at 7:05, 1st period starts at 7:55
Was waiting for this one, because it's so near me and so beautiful region!
That's horrendous lol
They all wanted to control everything they could
Oh hell yes
I'm guessing it's this [evacuation] he's talking about.
) have effectively worsened working class welfare for decades now in the developed world, where small communities were nuked from the orbit with trade deals that exported all major industries to the global south or China
Its so boring, i know i know usa dominated your country ....
I better see you waving our flag!
That's the only thing that would make sense for Slovenia.
Why is Lufthansa on strike all the time?
Any country could close their borders/airports and there was nothing the EU could do about it
Lyme disease can destroy your life.
I am of Slovene ethnicity, of course.
Horse burgers are a thing
Only every 10th or 15th word I can make out but it could have different meaning
The food is too processed and tastes like plastic
Less than 1% of people have a donor card.
The coastal town of [Portorož] It has the Spa, it has the casinos, it has the sea...
Dressed as if going on a safari.
Example is the word 'kavnik'. It is supposed to replace the word 'džezva', for the pot to make Turkish coffee in
Short-term effects are not as bad as proposed.
nope
They'd be terrible if they were just two buildings on a street, or anywhere near any other building that was even remotely as tall.
Which is why complaints about EC quieted soon after elections
And by "left" in 🇸🇮 i mean social democrats and the greens, we also have a die linke counterpart who are just lefter.
Edit: Changed "grammar school" to "gymnasium" because apparently the term is valid
" (kaj se pod mizo vala
Oh my gosh, I just realised that's named after a city.
Full of arrogance
I called my mum and she said she thought it was our dog trying to find a sleeping position
Have you heard of a thing called panonia?
I hope we send no one but if we do, it should be her.
* formal 'Vi' (same as informal for more or equal to three people)
You have a 70+% turnout
I think it would be redeemed in my mind if they put local municipality crests on the number plates like in Germany and Slovenia.
Then there is my dialect which makes it harder for me to speak "clean" Slovene than English
A good example would be Gornja Radgona and its Austrian side, Bad Radkerburg
It just takes too much effort to plan and execute the clothing so that I'm not cold and still mobile
This is more fiction than reality
P.S: Poland, you do realize that this makes you look like the most retarded country in the EU
1st aid class and exam = **85€**
Many people watched Austrian and German TV in the nineties
It's really nice criticizing from up there, far away from all the rumble.
I was also shopping for my grandma who has an injured leg and can't go out and I seemed the most 'panicked' if anyone looked into my shopping cart
Never managed or never bothered?
Dvorisce - > brjac - > front yard
People here (older generation at least) still think of Trieste or Klagenfurt as 'ours' for example.
I don't recall us having random busts of Marx and Lenin all over the place
20 is a pretty low number, that barely gets us back into the 90ies.
IMO fuck of NATO Declare neutraley and build border walls.
Either Solze or Krst by Brezno
I don't think anyone outside the US gives a shit about "tumblr & college gender politics", its just a meme.
Yeah, for Serbian its enouth to have one grand parent.
Yes we have [Geopedia] It's way better than google maps or anything of that sort
Rome and Greece even more specific (have to know periods, battles, leaders, government types)
We were watching a train wreck in slow motion
Y'know, free education, no worrying about going broke over a broken arm etc
Brilliant job Italy :D
I was just mentioning some relevant stuff.
That is the single most gear-grinding thing EVER
I really liked Telč for some reason.
i'm not a junkie, I just enjoy psychodelics
Why increase the police presence everywhere when you can just focus on the few problematic areas/groups?
So Iceland was apparently their first choice.
Who are you kidding, you ppl can only say pizza americana.
Tá súil agam chomh maith
Post-WW2, Tito kept the brotherhood and unity alive through sheer force of his personality cult and secret police, and once he died, Serbia started centralizing power again
Were they to make Android phones at the time of HTC Desire of Galaxy I, Nokia would remain the biggest  (smart)phone maker to this day
There's not much kids to adopt anyway and waiting line to adopt is close to a decade.
Bremza - Bremse - brake
Never a boaring day in Berlin
I think you dont need russia for europeans to know immigration from MENA countries can be problematic.
Burn it, destroy that rooten shell lined with chrome lets start again.
Any job that is d. o. o. , company with limited responsibility
And how is it dealt with legally in documents?
Carpet, that was everywhere, looked disgusting
Almost 20k subscribers with population of 300k.
Never call a Slovene (or pretty much anyone whose national first language isn't Russian) Eastern European
My nephew (a more recent addition to the nation) started with one of those pushbikes that don't have pedals and was confidently tearing up any terrain with a proper BMX by the time he was 3 and a half, whereas I learned at 9 or 10, I think
You did it because if you hadn't, the old French and possibly even Spanish and Portuguese generations would still understand Russian today, possibly even live in a still-existing Soviet Union
We are central Europe
And in general, not really
I guess I should change it to: "And from people who aren't from Sweden but know more about it than people who are from there."
[Masleša naj bi bil (po GOD-ovem) pošten???]
Here are three pics that will also illustrate why the common usage of EE doesn't make any sense:
Extremely common here too, unfortunately
I get slightly annoyed and that's it.
The colors are way off
This reminds me of [this one] The lyrics are just gloriously ridiculous.
Haha just wanted to say that
Huh I wonder why google street view cuts out just before that village and restarts after O_o
I guess the most fitting translation would be "partner union" or something like that.
In the end you the citizens got fucked by getting stuck with two idiots, but one of them at least has some experience and knowledge, makes you wonder how many people took this elections seriously if the one without the experience got elected.
From my understanding, it was Russian-backed and directed revolutionaries that shot down a civilian airliner due to some sort of mix-up
There's only [one example I know of] and it's pretty good, which makes sense, since the girl's real life mom is apparently Slovenian, but you can still hear the accent
️ War
Is she on LSD
On the other hand, in the last 10 years, Romania has been able to overtake only Croatia, still being where they were all along, only the difference to other European countries is decreasing
EU is a US proxy and goosesteps to their tune.
I don't know where you got that from and what that has to do with anything but it's wrong.
Second estimation of EU GDP growth in 2016 by Eurostat
Now that's some serious shock and awe
But after our independence it was vacated and left to disrepair
Britain to be left with fewer tanks than Serbia as war machines are replaced by Ajax vehicles
I live in a bilingual area, where slovene and italian are official languages
Doctors were helpless
1". Could be I just saw a bad side to the city, but all in all, I think it's wonderful
Makes sense that people whose ancestors lived in the same village would stick together.
I personally support this idea.
I want to see how we stack up
A feature of a dialect is not considered a speech impediment.
I speak Slovene, Italian, English and Croatian a bit, but still see French and German as huge lacunae in my skills
I don't know what it's called in English, though.
And my English is apparently already asleep.
This picture encapsulates why I'd like to learn German
And also extra HP, since you're playing the protagonist.
there are people standing less than 10m from each other
With some luck, one could have a well-off ancestor who kept a family tree.
National Anthem itself, it was written by our greatest poet France Preseren
"You no say go away to me
The first thing that comes to my mind about romanians tho are truck drivers, people stealing gas at the station and their orphans from the 90’s. Not the best image bit, I know they are making progress and I’m happy for them because it’s a fascinating country
Great to hear
We don't have a national liquor
Czekia is the offitial english name.
There is only one budget airline operating out of Ljubljana, so not a lot of options.
But you'd have to ask someone who was alive in communist times if it is actually original
But they probably get stressed.
Contactless payment makes it even more convenient.
Because they are awesome
It doesn't mean much since any random person can become a citizen.
I for one believe that I could hold a basic conversation in Croatian, but I rather just speak Slovene instead of weird Croatian when I'm in Croatia and it works out well most of the time
We couldn't wear shoes in high school either.
I don't even know who to believe anymore.
Well, Germany is still brutal when it comes to protecting its interests even with "fellow EU nations" to the east and south, but at least it's not slaughtering people this time, so that's progress
I don't think that'd happen
Those, as well as automatic knives, are illegal where I come from, but I don't see why anyone would care about any other sort of knife in your car or in your pocket.
Maybe in Saudi Arabia, definitely not here.
Thank you
I bought a Polish and German one to compare some time ago.
Same goes in Slovenia
Imagine if a Geordie moved to North Yorkshire and spoke with a similar pace and tone to a Scouser?
Moj oče se ukvarja s kmetijstvom in jaz sem mu (in mu še danes) velikokrat pomagal pri tem, ampak nisem zaradi tega postal kmetavz, čeprav sem bil bolj v stiku s kmetijstvom od mladih let, kot pa je večina ljudi danes v Sloveniji
Always has been
On the plus side, it's still a lot better than reading stories from USA where giving birth can leave you bankrupt, but god dammit we have been waiting for too long for a government that would have the balls to clear this corrupted mess of the national insurance agency that is stealing our money in broad daylight
One could say you provided us some *alternative facts* to spice it up.
Myself i never encountered rude people.
Who kill for faith and so on...
> 3 or 5 days per year for caring for sick children (edit; this is a common feat from private companies, but it's not mandatory)
It felt just right in t-shirt
Based
It was just big white lockers in the basement
I find this excessive self mockery repetitive and kinda lame.
That's not true
I think that  the fact that Maribor had the title of European Capital of Culture in 2012 speaks for itself
Unfortunately no, both holidays fell on weekend this year, and they don't get transfered
I would agree, my boyfriend and I use about 50€ per week on groceries although when we were really cautious and frugal and mindful of all special offers we managed to get that to 30€ per week
Gay propaganda seems to be really strong there
Lol these white kids who are born in 90 personally destroyed your culture.
etc
Story time
Wait until you find out about 48 dialects of Slovenian
It does in way, as it features in a large part of our history.
[Nanana]
Because other first world countries don't have the guns required to do school shootings
They sang *To be fair, Slovenia's lovely (we are kidding, it sucks too)*
> Millions of men have been willing to fight and die and kill for their national and religious identities, but I have yet to encounter a man willing to do so for something as nebulous as Europe
I think you're mostly looking at the S&D seats
Aye, everything south of Kolpa river is a mess
For me it is croatian, serbian or bosnian even i cant speak them
I don't really know why is that and I agree with you
Why don't they use it, is it a recent language as a result of secession, or was it rooted out while you were part of Russia
I remember hearing both on Serbian, Croatian and Ukrainian radio stations
A Belgian family wants to help a Syrian friend and his family to migrate from Aleppo to Belgium.
the article was published on American purpose
It would be quite hard to make quiet sections, since our trains sound like The Battle of Kursk
I heard that some germans working in concentration camps came to visit one of the croatian ones and they left early because it was so terrible they couldn't take it
Hah, I've seen this, I think they actually show this video at some point in university here, or maybe it is just really popular with English students
v = in to
I'm just talking about index funds available to me, and these are also available in the UK.
As for sex with a piece of plastic, their price is a bit high, but not outrageous.
But all the houses were nice and all was beautiful
It was also clergymen who spoke up against witch trials and slavery
But I don't go to super turisty beaches full of families
>One of the first reforms in order is getting rid of the EC:
> the east speaks church slavonic
They slap him
Japanese is also close to being an isolate, but there are some local languages which differ enough from it that they are classified as separate languages.
- All the books, handbooks and other equipment (including school bags, notebooks, pencils and so on
Tin cans, aluminium cans, bottle caps, PET bottles, glass, paper, carton, electric cords....
Ves bes bom iztresel nate, da te pokonča.
Like there's tons of books and shows and stuff about War of the Roses, but I have yet to find one based on that, especially when it's even more "epic" and complex
There's not many of them here anyway and those who are are well integrated.
Alan ford is hugely popular in Yugoslavia.
Classic pizza is ham, cheese, pelati and shrooms.
Generally I am happy with the system, however the wait times are too much
People behind the scene are the same.
What letting it burn down totaly will save it
Ek - Ecke - corner
Ahahaha I love that statistic and am very proud it was not us
The US wanted as much of Europe as possible to be able to stand on its own and be well-off enough that communism would stop being appealing
I feel like its more of a meme among young people, because we actually have nothing to do with the past politics
So instead of Christmass, the main thing was the New Year and we got a new santa, Dedek mraz (Father snow), the christmass tree (literally translated: christmas spruce) became a "novoletna yelka" or new year silver fir and bised the boy scouts there were "taborniki" or campers
Hope you enjoyed your last trip for some time
Ta teden jezero Jasna
And if I had said that in public I would be beaten to a pulp on the very spot
A first aid course, a traffic rule course, an appointment at the doctor (to check your sight and hearing).
I'm from primorksa and we call them "cmoki" but I'm not sure if that's just my circle
Never forget
Make whatever you want of that
My school took us to all major museums in Ljubljana
Obviously at those parties, our parents were present and hanging out themselves
She wanted the job (that was doomed to fail) and made everything worse (by triggering Article 50 without a plan)
You underestimate the average tourist (which is where I first heard about the weird border - listening in on people in my hotel).
Estonian borders inconpase a great degree of Russians, particuralera in the border areas?
His last name `Svoboda` means freedom in slavic languages
Otherwise pretty much the same as elsewhere in Europe
What were the lyrics and why did you remove them?
A beautifull picturesq country that fetures everething from the plains of Panonia, the Alpine peeks to the salty marahes and the sea.
Excuse me, our river has FOUR syllables
It made me feel forest is everywhere in Slovenia :D
Yugoslavias answer to Coca Cola, still quite popular today
A lot of history, but I just didn't feel any excitment going through the city
What does Tim Pool have to do with Breitbart?
Then there's no point in getting worked up about this.
'Štajarac' definitivno ni posledica disleksije, temveč pomanjkanje znanja jezika.
We are living in an age of loneliness, especially impacting young boys/men
The Devil's on my side, he's a good Communist  (to Churchill)
this goes way into the past son
I however don't drive a VW Passat TDI, Salomon shoes generally don't fit me and I don't plan on building my own house if I can avoid it
> England does not "rule" the rest of the countries in the UK at all
EDIT: she not a he; still f**ked up
How to approach to this map as slovene.
Bruto domači proizvod na prebivalca (EUR), statistične regije, Slovenija, letno
jao te hrvati
And towards Germany still having a horrible emissions per capita ratio from power generation, because you gotta back up sun and wind
If you're gonna have a character shoot a dog, you can't exactly depict her as a nice old lady.
I live close to Austria, and it feels so good, to just go through the border without any stopping
May someone correct me if I'm wrong
400k€ gets you a huge house (200m\^2) with some land (< 500m\^2)
Just like English has Central Europe, South-Eastern Europe, Eastern Europe etc
Fine you can have all the muslims.
With the .si it looks a bit unfortunate, indeed.
All fine and well but welfare of people must have priority.
Have a great day, Germans
Could be facing is deffinatly not something cou can find a court case to link to.
000 more people to be on that list
Us: *order*
Kaj se dogaja z protesti
Moon: (tista) luna - female
Here is some info about from where the name came from:
N-Va literally preaches -Liberal conservatism.
It cycles, there is cycling, basketball, handball, volleyball, hockey, sports climbing, athletics, gymnastics etc
There is a party that got 5% vote.
The name is exactly the same as in Germany
Oh hell yes
Snow lasts for days now, not weeks or months
My point is their cultures are completely different.
In my generation it was the other way around
3 in 10
To be polite to someone, im used to putting a "title" before the name, like mister so and so or mister president so and so, o doctor so and so...
Following year they estimate 3 of the forestry deaths and 20 injuries were connected
When I'm buying meat, the only thing I care about is that it's not from Hungary.
Usually the excess is around 1000%.
We are not that organized as you are and our parkings are not so neat and full of information
This map is as beautiful as it is unreadable.
we were always the black sheep in yugosexia
I'm not exactly sure how it went, but I know someone brought out a chicken to him when he knocked.
You were killing Slovenians in camps and Forced Italization on them, Slovenian could not be spoken, You looked on them like dogs.
lol ye iraq was raping, pillaging and murdering....
Just like NI, Scotland, and Wales are commonly England
Its Austria man, what do you expect?
No matter who I met in life (or served since I worked in the service industry mostly) I gave them the same level of respect
Is the net average really so low
What is the driving culture like in your country?
ja lohku, pa že. Sploh pa bada ukrepi malčk bel chill bli
Language - They speak a famously difficult dialect that could almost be considered a separate language
Bosnia and Herzegovina
"Slovenia is a democratic republic"
no - well
It's variable per the amount of your last wage, so you get 70% for the first three months and 60% from then on.
Subtitles are often even worse-they leave out important things, completely miss the joke, and are often overall horrible
I can't speak for everyone but I have no interest in waging an offensive war in the Middle East or elsewhere.
At least in Slovenia
I can't take Austrians seriously, because their German dialect gives me a feeling that everyone is a simpleminded farmer.
Mostly plain golden or with tiny diamonds, but nothing absurd.
Edit: not in Slovenia tho
- četrta moška sklanjatev (dežurni, -ega)
Any plan you get will work in all countries.
That's true
Find out who trades Amundi funds in the UK, in my country (Slovenia) all branches of the Societe Generale group bank trade them.
I looked it up and the distance between my home and the border crossing on the border with Austria is 11km.
inb4 "male reproductive rights"
those arent VALUES, those are properties
My experience of Belgian weather was so wet I find this pretty hard to believe
And we have plenty of -ić surnames here
100-150 €/h is normal rate for mid-range escorts.
So basically you need passport only if you travel out of Europe or in Belarus, Ukraine, Russia Turkey, Moldova or in Caucasus
There are plenty of airports with cheap flights all around Slovenia only a short drive away, but it's true that Ljubljana is horribly unconnected with direct flights
Watermelon concrete trucks in Ljubljana, Slovenia
🇪🇺 is shit, we should have a 🇪🇺 wide minimum wage.
Unless they keep using that knowledge through their lives, of course, but it's perfectly possible that /u/High_Pitch_Eric has no reason to care about Bulgaria.
Usually there is no one on the border at all, not even on the highway
I read it, did a quick once-over of the www.total-croatia-news.com host, just to make sure it's not some viral aggregator, even read their website before posting.
constantly brings up events from 1945-1990(-ish).
And as it stands right now - there were no news about it
Where did jews come into the argument
What has this to to with my question?
NAh, I'm just trying to do what he said happenes to him with russian
You can tell what kind of a shit show this campaign was, people were fed with news that was biased towards both parties, lies and controversies flying all over the place no wonder so many people just didn't care anymore or didn't even vote.
See my edit :) It seems that Liechtenstein and San Marino both require 30 years.
Wow that sounded impossible to me at first, but I looked it up and it is actually true, apparently South Tyroleans were to be relocated to Crimea
If the package is too big and you aren't at home you have to collect at the post office
the [Freising manuscripts] are the oldest recorded use of Slovenian.
I never argued that it's not common opinion that some countries are called EE
There are three tones in Latvian:
you are right your majesty, we do understand Croatian and Serbian quite well, but they cannot understand us whatsoever
What letting it burn down totaly will save it
>  all fur coat and no knickers
genitals, mothers and farm animals.
What I absolutely didn't understand, though, is why we didn't learn more about the way the war had affected people
Are those really superstores though?
Samo zato ker kraj nima svoje pošte še ne pomeni da je V drugem kraju.
Fertik - fertig - done
The train from Nova Gorica to Bled will pass near Lake Bohinj, and it might make sense to stop there if you intend to hike in the TNP.
Napoli in Italy means the same thing, as well?
Is this just due to lack of records
Especially not now, in this already troubled times.
That's really cool (imo) when you get it in a complete package, but it would be just one more city with 300k people in Italy which you'll never visit, and another coastal town among thousands, and another ski resort among hundreds
In Slovenia, you are allowed 0
Trump's made up story about a terrorist attack was retarded, but Swedes also seem to live in denial about their situation.
Whn hunting stick to gaim trails, no mines there.
As a woman there are perves anywhere in the world but overall Slovenian cities are very safe
I said it before and I'll say it again: while it's undeniable that Romani tend to shun assimilation and usually choose to stay on the margins of society, discrimination and refusal to give opportunities doesn't help at all.
We try to make it so kids don't have to commute far to school (at least in the early grades untill kids turn 10 or so) there are literally 2 schools 10km away from my small town of 10k people and my town already has 2 elementary schools
The EU literally follows one rule
But it is a picture from the annual *kravji bal* the cow festival.
If anything, I'd make 5€ more common, not that everything under 20€ means dealing with coins.
Damn Greece got roasted
I wanted to post this myself but it seems pretty irrelevant if you don't have something to compare it against.
I think there are church and radio transmission tower there
fuck yeah
Edit: to make it even clearer: DO NOT GO TO ANY DOCTOR WITHOUT CALLING FIRST
You can send it to me via a PM if you want
Croatia stealing our sea
To be fair a lot of these changes are corrected if we speak strictly formal Slovene so that's why I like to think it's the same on paper and when spoken, although we very rarely speak like that and it could confuse someone who is not native.
I absolutely loved it
Ohh sorry, didn't think about that
To "combat communism", the US supported Islamist radical groups in Egypt, Palestine, Yemen and Afghanistan.
We are very lucky to have them since their events are always higher in quality then other events
Cold: <0
There's also a [companion video] with it, that shows the steps (though the voice and text are also in Slovenian)
Iz riti vlečeš neke predsodke o podeželju, kjer se baje kmetavzi vsak dan, takoj ko zjutraj pomolzejo kravo in zvrnejo litr šnopsa, usedejo na kros in se gredo mortal kombat v lokalni beznici dokler eden ni mrtev
And Hungarians are Ogri (also Vogri in various dialects), this is even reflected in our name for Austria-Hungary, which isn't Avstro-Madžarska (Madžarska being our modern name for Hungary), but Avstro-Ogrska instead
Also when the plant shuts down 24-25 years from now, who is to say that they Will change their mind
Slovenia as well
Do any Romanians know if clear cutting of forests is legal in Romania?
That's a parody of some sorts, right??
I think you would do quite well in Slovenia.
We also have 88 voting districts.
The oldest one Slovene manuscript is Freising manuscripts from 10th Century
The US spent $1 trillion in today's money to prevent the Soviet Union from taking over the rest of Europe eventually, be it ideologically or by force, which would most likely have tipped the balance in communism's favor
I too lile kvas, dut it is dificult to aquire.
And even bigger problem is that those who do go against the grain don't even get sympathy or help from the majority, because we all learned to watch our backs when dealing with them.
Yes, in Slovenian we use "zmaj" for both a kite amd a dragon
Of the non-economic reasons I'd say it's for the landscape, we're around 60% forest, lots of hills, alps, a piece of adriatic sea.
really doe , young educated people use reddit....
And pretty badly, if I may add.
It's really silly for UK politicians to expect that the EU will bend over backwards, compromise the union, throw members under the bus just to accommodate all UK demands
of course you do, a nother man from your country had the idea of a united Europe.
ah okay, because the way you framed your initial reply made it seem like you were talking about the retarded old "knights used to bash with blunt swords" myth.
In Slovenia everyone ower 14 is required to cary a goverment issued foto ID at all times.
Language has little to do with how much in common you have with someone.
But village is not a village without the accordion....
After about 30+ hours of driving there is a practical test.
The EU as institution does not care about national bountries, butmember countries.
Basically his Slovenian gf (he was foreign but I forget from where) went to lunch with a guy friend
In Slovene we have the same thing, both are called "zmaj", which means "dragon".
The last article, which was posted a few days ago about her meeting the ambassador says they spoke Slovenian.
But only a fool can say that we lived better in yugoslavia than now
But we're also Slavic, so we get -2 points for being 'Eastern Europe'.
Putting a parent to a nursing home was considered disrespectful not so long ago
000 win that
I wasn't objecting to the first sentence.
ECB Warns of a Europe of `Small Countries' If Populism Triumphs
Happy to see a fellow Slovenian is thinking the same way (even if just locally)
Some under Hungary, some under Austria and some under Italy.
He's a much more thought out speaker than Trump but is basically copying the alt-right rulebook insulting, lying, playing victim, etc
The Englishmen took this to heart and to this day you will never see a group of people without magnificent top hats.
And this was just twice when I went shopping to Europark.
20 in december
I guess you get what you pay but this hostel was rotten and not worth even 0,10€.
Now we are ner France and uk now
I'm 21 and I'm very suprised you didn't know anything about other currencies
We're talking about the Underground (London) here.
Having a dedicated "workbook" next to a normal textbook and a plain book for many subjects
When 4G came around, they jacked up the prices
While the SocDems of Milanović and the guy himself, downrigjt hated and dismosed serbs and othe minoreties.
This poll is fake, there is no way 91% of Slovenians support the euro
In Slovenia, we have the Faculty of sports which is the only faculty to have anything to do with physical activity so I think it would be hard to organise competitions between faculties.
The link you provided reads like the most hilarious list of keywords.
Especially in rural areas, where people also own forests, and they cut wood for their own use or for selling
a common mistake is writing "ne" (not/non/un
University of Ljubljana is the best, biggest and oldest, but Maribor is not far behind
Jure Robič, the only 5 time winner of Race Across America (he might have won more, but unfortunately died in an accident), one of early ultra marathon runners Dušan Mravlje, the river swimmer Martin Strel ....
Besides our language we are pretty much the same looking as you and Slovaks from my experience, you can almost always tell if someone is Russian, Serb, Croat..., but I couldn't distinguish between an average Slovene, Slovak or Czech.
It sounds delicious
And if you think that was not real example - just in a simple town in California people lived in poverty while the officials of that town had 80
Quick question - what is it with Polish truck drivers
I'd understand if they limited the overall capacity a train can have but just saying 'lol don't sit together' is kinda ridiculous
Most of our heavy industry and mines have closed.
For ignition, we use a long wooden stick, with a petroleum soaked rag at the end
Are you going to the doctors for mental issues?
Ironic
I also don't know if Primorska is looked down upon
There was a bigger area but eventually every child got a part of that land and built the house in their part of the area
En volk (one wolf)
a - but
My car just said it was 2°C outside this morning, I was still in my autumn jacket, and I was lucky i got the parking spot close to the door
The term “Slovenske” was added in Yugoslav times to not confuse it with Bosnian town of Konjic
Small (2 hour drive from the Alps to the seaside), one of the safest countries, solid standard of living, solid education and health systems
First of all my young frenchi , let's build off that comment about bible.
There is still Czechoslovakia on it and Yugoslavia, but the latter is missing Vojvodina which appears to have gained independence.
Was never once considered an Italian thing though
and more
So basically, you'd see tits, and you'd look at them, away from the road, and then the ad for Zavarovalnica Maribor would tell you to look back.
That's half-hilarious and half-true (I'll let you figure out which part is which), so it usually dispels any tension
Not as lpvable as Nikočić, but fun to have nontheles XD
Random teacher, primary school: "An aqueduct was a Roman viaduct that spanned a river
ive been trying to find this story forever.
Your statement conveys like everything is fine with your countries state controlled media.
I’ve now come so far that I don’t let it bother me and just tell whoever thought I couldn’t understand what they were saying to try and not be an absolutely disgusting person in public
Must be portuguese
Go to Ukrain, theyy take you as a foot solder
Ain't no picnic without čevapčiči.
> What the hell is going on with vienna
That silence will follow you around until you meet and greet, better yet, buy a couple of rounds
We have a brand of wine named Teran, which Croatians want to run away with.
It's not like in the US where you're with different people at every subject you take.
stat
Is is a part of the Eurocard or Visa cards?
I've only ever visited the one we have in our country.
I wouldn't say anything if things like that didn't happen with papacy too, all the time.
Look at all the Albanian bakeries.
Also, what programme are you studying?
People only drink mineral water with home made wine (spritzer).
Last dictator of Europe - "War on Terror" was about oil
I think I seem much friendlier and more outgoing
Noricum coins were minted here.
I've been there, pretty disappointing.
Čefurji - immigrants from ex-Yugoslavian countries
Slovenia is important because if we in, y'all northerners would be waiting for days or making proper detours to get to Croatia in Summer
Geography mostly
It's good you became involved and stayed to help after
Throw stuff in and then they come and take it.
That's something I've only ever heard here on Reddit.
To be frank, when I went to Transilvania there were many hungarian signs, for a moment I thought we did a wrong turn and went east instead of west from Oltenia
Parola I
Hmmm, interesting, But that's still only counting in dec not in bin ;)
Offer them the island they share with Denmark along with cessation of all bacon production in Denmark in favor of canadian bacon?
We don't use Spanish ones, but we use Italian ones for certain card games like briškola (briscola)
Also New york was in the grip of an unusually strong snowstorm I think, the trash was piled 3 meters high on some streets.
It was also meant to be temporary.
Otherwise the biggest issue I see with Qatar 2022 is that it is going to be held in winter, which will likely cause problems to both footballers and broadcasters
They certainly don't have a bad* rep as it seems is the case in some other countries, except that they're quite ugly.
You are a citizen in a republic, you have a right and a duty to participate in the political life of your country.
Wut
I do that often in Slovene and apparently it's a German influence.
TIL that there are actual Slovenes that don't know Gorizia existed, interesting
In Slovenia, you would have to speak Slovene to teach mathematics, unless you would be teaching at some sort of international, English-speaking school.
2 first names aren't a new thing (Example: Ana Marija was *very* common around 1940) and it's not a "posh" thing either, it's just a thing
If we go far into history, we can see that the peasantry in both Southern Austria and Slovenia was mostly Slovene, while people in cities were mostly German.
I never said there is anything wrong with it.
My favourite (he is probably our best prose writer) author is [Vitomil Zupan] Guy was a living legend, writing about many different topics and themes, a lot of it is autobiographic
I don't know the data for the other republics or Yugoslavia as a whole
I must say the story of Willem the Silent is among the most awesome in European history.
Afna = @ or a rude attention seaker
;) Where exactly are you moving to?
in nomine patri , fili and nucleo sancto
Plus stalagmites and stalactites are nice too see, but that's really all you will see
Welfare for unemployed people is 260€ per month.
The latin we know today is basicly an artifitial language.
Until, I think, the spring od nations in the 19th century, Slovenian was full of German and slovenianised German words
We have a few mormons and those Jehova people and I may have seen one or two Hare Krishna people as well.
Ehem, thats what Canadian troops are doing in Donbas.
It's still interesting what a Prešeren bank note would buy you.
Of course why wouldnt we
And here I thought our Črni Kal viaduct was big
Thank you France for everything
The "butcher" of cartihian slovens.
Africa is rife with corruption not because leaders are incompentent bastards but because the productivity of the citizens is so low they are NOT the main source of income thus not worth to spend money on them
edit: although, Luna is also a female name
if someone sells pirated stuff it's very frowned upon.
That was set in Slovakia, IIRC.
They will lose half of their customers.
When my cousin got married, the groom and his side of the family came knocking on the door while we, the brides side of the family sayed in the house waiting.
Don't you have articles in Romanian?
There was even a popular song with this name in the 70s(?).
Most people who watch football in slovenia are mean anyway and racist (even to our own players of color)
and I mostly they know only a few words.
But if you mean official, then Hungarian and Italian
If not possible that precise, then any week between 1850 and 1914, as I think late 19th/ early 20th century (before 1914) was a nice period in history
I don't understand stocking up on toilet paper at all
That is not the definition of an immigrant.
fen - hair dryer
Only a few regions are windy enough for wind turbines to be efficient, and even then this is such a small contribution that wouldn't really help much
I don't blame modern-day Germans for that, so no reason for things to get awkward
It gets really pricy
Hmm, I wonder if this is a thing
I misinterpreted that + sign in your comment!
I pay the rest on time, but not always, I could definitely be counted in this statistic, even if financially I am not that bad off
I'd rather die than to deal with snow
The 🇺🇸 deffinatly didnt "invent the internet" thats a myth
I'll try to limit myself to things most others might not post.
But do they count mail, facebook and skype as internet in their head?
The whole church covered in that would look silly.
...what
My mind is blown and I regret saying anything
I can't make much sense of the baltics or Albanian either
But the rest of the town is just meh.
You get a variation here in Slovenia you can easily travel between.
My family comes in quite a lot of different shades of tan, some of them that live on the Adriatic coast are more brown and they've lived there for centuries.
The start of our discussion actually says it all
One could say that but they would also be wrong for several reasons
I mean assasement of their capability of working with kids and their **ability to teach**.
Yes, of course
I do not think the situation in Macedonia is comparable to that in Slovenia
I think it wouldn't be weird if someone owned one
It's easier to get by in the summer if you have a garden though.
I was joking, but if its a nuclear war then einstein will have been right when he said "I know not what ww3 will be fought with but ww4 will be fought with sticks and stones"
The English have never had anything but love for the Irish.
Can confirm the one for Poland
Holy crap, [Miss Yougoslavia] looks like [Zala Đurić]
He could've been badly socialized, or maybe he simply chose to be a dick.
Surely you don’t consider communism as the defining characteristic of Slavic cultures
When Turkey shot down Russian plane, that was attacking Turkish headcutters, NATO publicly declared they stand behind Turkey
On the weekends at grandmas also possible pancakes/schmarrn or any kind of žganci (usually corn žganci) with milk.
Now unfortunately people are copying the US and yes, we actually have jesus loves you billboard that take you to antiabortion sites
Can we stop calling towns with 50k inhabitants cities, please?
After opening it goes in the fridge
I don't know how that works though
Normally there is only one truck driver present even on long hauls.
Grinding spent fuel into a fine dust and then dumping it in the ocean would actually be a viable way to get rid of it since the volume of the ocean would dilute it to completely safe levels
Ščurek
Maybe english spelling is less intuitive than slovenian
From my experience you have to be naked and use two towels
(those who do not aspire to Murica)
Can confirm
We have so many much better things
Novak and Bogomir Kovač to co-sign and they have the intellectual-cultural mafia covered.
Ein Volk, ein Reich, ein Ticket
You've always been superior to us in that regard.
Do you not know hoe to use hiperlinks?
But I don't travel much inside Slovenia, so I don't really get to listen much to other dialects
These places are now place for teens to explore since there is nothing else to do in this boomer town
For me it's really more about practicality because ID can always be with you in the wallet but passport is too big
The one on Metelkova was squatted by various youth movements back in the 80's and has become a hub of counter-culture ever since and is one of the most recommended tourist destination behind only Bled
Croatia was still
This is a Slovenian version with less clothes and less talent
But on an almost empty, smaller, secluded beaches, you would definitely see it more than one or two
I suggest just reading and speaking more so it improves with time
Janša (devil in human form) used this for his own political gain and his party filed interpellation.
And all these diverse cultures influenced us
I mean, the organisation seemed pretty impressive
Not impressed by their meat and prepackaged food sections (esp
I've seen all kinds of people use them there and they're all so nice and welcoming
No way
We get more coastline, you get a coastline, win win
It's complicated, but Janša is still galaxies away from Jorg
And Austria according to north Germans xD
LOL n00b, in Slovenia on a much smaler are you have sooooo many different landscapes.
I will look into it when I have more time.
"Taborniki", that roughly translate to "campers" and "Skavti" who are a catholic version and are based on Robert Baden-Powell scout movement.
bog - god
Adria is trash, stay away from it lol
I hope everybody will be OK
Moldova has medium HDI the rest have high or very high HDI.
Well, Trump has less than a year to fulfill his duty as US president to get US military involved in new war (for them, war can already take place, US just has to enter it)
Honestly summers in slovenian countryside wouldn't be the same without lost czech tourists driving around in the middle of nowhere
My country is tiny and we survived organized (Italy, Germany during WW2) attempts to eradicate us, why the hell should I fear a few disorganized migrants, even if they tried they couldn't.
But why would she enjoy meeting mass murderers?
Me happy (more like 'making me happy'), that I did you meet
It's Russian, not Slavic
So students apply to programs they think they'll have a highest chance of getting accepted to.
Oh jeeze, way too much to write here.
Wait can someone please explain
Moon: (tista) luna - female
Debeli četrtek, though our donuts (krofi) are covered with powdered sugar, rather than glazed, typically
So, so many people would say "Videl sem Chuck Norrisa" instead of "Videl sem Chucka Norrisa" (I saw Chuck Norris)
Lets hope they don't try and make us go there, cuz sory but i will not answer.
I was still in Croatia back then, far from the frontlines tho.
I don't think I have heard that phrase in real life
If you live with someone and plan to keep it that way, you might as well tie the knot and get something out of it
During the 19th and early 20th century, when Europe experienced the so called 'European population explosion', the population of most European countries grew by a factor of 3 or even much more, the growth of the population in Slovenia was very slow, only increasing by about 30%  (from ~1 million to 1
Nope, I'm another hitchhiker dude ...
There are things like [this] in every city for those who live in apartments.
The opportunities it gave me changed my life.
Or rather we joke about most groups.
She asked: "Why don't you trust my opinion when it comes to vaccination, but trust me about everything else?".
When you dream of being a winged hussar but can't afford horse, wings or proper lance
(This applies to just about all of us.)
Because airline companies won't let them on an airplane without a visa.
And ignore everyone who says Union.
Okay, maybe I've overslept the last decade or something, but isn't M5S supposed to be Eurosceptic and ALDE super pro-EU?
[Romanians according to Europe.]
In that case, Jews would have nowhere to go except USA or the continent that tried to exterminate them within living memory.
It was more in use when I was younger.
Consequently we drink a lot of wine on that day and there's a lot of police on the roads.
Today they're homes to mostly young families and retirees because everything is at the reach.
In Slovene, the schwa sound (the "uh") isn't counted as a vowel (we literally call it half-vowel) so that seemed the same to me.
I would say, out of our neigbouring countries, only Austria is less corrupt.
Usually at 25% , second biggest party.
Actually, colonist is someone who lives in a colony.
Good for you
They had to be rescued in the middle of the night with helicopters.
Totally uncommon I know, but I tried explaining "onikanje" once to a friend from sweden ...
Cursive in the 3rd grade, the others in 1st and 2nd
Funny how you say that, while i was actually confused as a native a few times
Avio I
The origin through "čuješ" would be super interesting, considering the word for Germans in Slavic languages derives from "nem" (mute)
This is provided by school
There is only one well known african living in Slovenia.
He is not
Then I kept watching and I thought maybe she has tourette's or something similar.
And when are you gonna clean up the mess Bush created by invading Iraq on a ridiculous pretext?
We also hand a [Band Aid song] but it was dedicated to Bosnia during their war.
Evrebody (but the EU) loves him
For some reason I can often think of the Croatian word before I can remember what the Slovenian one is even though I don't use Croatian in my everyday life
About as much as I'd trust a drunk man driving.
In Slovenia its Zither and Styrian accordion (we call it frajtonarca and its my fav instrument)
Yes
Yes and for Greece it's easy to do since in doesn't border any Schengen country
> This was shortsighted and it's good we became involved and then stayed to help after
Yeah, they were issued by all of the Eurozone countries in 2009
They sail as close to Libya as possible, "rescue" some people, and then haul them to Europe.
30), and they say at six and a half
Your roomate will be the same sex as you but everyone out of your room is mixed so the next room could be a different sex
The funny thing is, they came in a car wit Hungarian licence plates but they communicated in one of the SCB languages.
Hows your knowladge on dinarje-kras region?
You congradulate the family as well
And its location is in the middle of nowhere, not even in a city
Brez presledka za piko zapisujemo le ure 13.24, med tem ko pa datume, ki so v bistvu le vrstilni šteniki (drugi prvi) pišemo sevda s presledkom za piko.
Yea, I think Serbia would be a good starting place.
It works quite well, even after a couple of beers when I reverted to my dialect
We've got a miniscule 46
Had them in Slovenia
Yes, 78% of Slovenia is considered mountainous
You forgot the mid-layer of black humor.
I'm too cheap to buy one so I suffer in silence instead :D
Martin Krpan is a classic example
24th is still a working day here, so we set up a Christmas tree in the afternoon, make dinner, eat a lot, watch TV and open presents.
I feel like Savinjska is pretty well developed
I think it wouldn't be weird if someone owned one
"*...not guilty of involuntary manslaughter and negligent homicide.*"
No, but last weak I seen a guy in a supermarket parking lot wearing surgical mask and corona virus is trough last weak always on the front page of news sites
Theres portions of the city where you can see austrian baroque façades, brutalist yugoslav buildings, and modern glass and steel building right next to one another
Germans eventually found their way in.
Oh don't worry, Im gonna tell people who voted yes and who voted against
Some could save a lot, but they spend everything
Puerto Rico and others will be freed, to become a republic.
What heritage and history have we lost?
Probably the week around July 19, 1906, when the railway through my region was opened to public
If I remember anything from my childhood literature is that -ix means they are from modern day France ;)
JAZZ MUSIC STOPS
Sure the website can set a cookie that it uses as an ID into its database, helping it to retrieve and update data
But no, how mistaken would I be!
It can go from -10 to +10 in a day here.
Best thing that can happen for Europe for the reasons you explained
It's not that popular as they are ski jumping and alpine skiing but I wouldn't say that only people that enjoy the sport are commentators.
There are no pumpkins involved here, though.
That's typically Belgian :o ? I thought we were the only nation this mad
If nothing else, it's very interesting for tourism.
On the behalf of all Slovenes please stop it's embarrassing.
Variety can be society-enriching or society-destroying, depending on which side has the better propagandist
He has a hardcore support group and his party receives a certain percentage of votes on every election but it hasn't been enough to form a government in a while, however he got his break when the previous PM stepped down in a dumb headed attempt to win more seats in an election but instead, the president gave Janša an option to run for the position and all the wishy washy selfish centre/centre-right parties formed a coalition with the right wing SDS party (which Janša is the leader of) and formed the shittest government in our history
Homicide rate and gun ownership are completely uncorrelated.
Often talked about but rarely seen.
Edit: why the downvotes are you serious
You can buy or rent a small property and have a garden there.
in Slovene it rhymes quite a bit.
Ne bom trdil, da nimajo te občine svojih problemov, ampak je pa daleč od tega, da bi bila večina prebivalcev teh občin "kmetavzov
And can you find them All on such a small area?
As a response to your question I'd say 'no'.
It's been raining since May here
No mountains, no hills - just flat terrain
Muff means what i think it means right
However, still not a good situation
These are refugees; when the time comes, they should be sent back home.
Hofer has some nice bio stuff and Slovene products though
Most, if not all, of Europe is not much better when in comes to knowing countries.
1000 years is a long time, and we haven't had any major wars recently.
Mistaking us for Slovakia
In our town we have three thrash bins, one for organic waste, one for mixed thrash and one for paper/plastic packaging (recycling stuff) or similar, although I don't think the latter is a must have.
Well turns out this mythological king is based on actual Hungarian king Mathias Korvin, who ruled over parts of Slovene territory during parts of middle ages, I think 14th century or something
Only the language changes
It felt like eternity to drive through and roads were super narrow
But Croatia
Different story is with Roma people.
E-nain-dvaj-set, dva-in-dvaj-set, tri-in-dvaj-set ...
The town itself is nothing much to look at, that is true but we are surrounded by very nice mountains.
We only have classic Central European potato dumplings (or as we call it "cmoki" or "knedli" in some dialects) filled most often with plum or apricot
Attila
In Slovenia most clubs don't make a lot of money (even in the 1st league), so sometimes it is better to have a job in Slovenia and play for some club in 3rd league in Austria, if you like football
But couldn't he just assume we don't care about it?
I have read online about the rise of far-right nationalism
I lived on the border and I can confirm that half of the garden had potatoes and half of the garden hat tomatoes
Random shot in Slovenia [oc]
This statement doesn't really read as support.
that makes many people desperate for a higher purpose
I'm kind of surprised that someone considered it fitting to post something like this here and that it doesn't seem to get much dissapproval in the comments, so far, at least.
I don't know...where does it say so?
I don't think you actually know what autism really is.
We're too small even for a number
Because the penalty for vandalism is not death.
We take top 5, so the 6th most beautiful would be hmmm...
they would have probably received the great honor of being among the last Slavs to be gassed, had history turned otherwise
And sprosti in Slovene means relax
There was a question on here, some time ago, about what cuisine people like/dislike.
We have nothing in common with, let's say, Ukrainians.
Interesting note about purple - historically, purple dye was really expensive (why is why purple flags weren't a thing)
Non-stem programs like humanities and economics are looked down upon.
hose reports of suppose ethnically cleansing that surface by German news outlets have been proven to be false.
"Na zdravje" which means "To health".
I mean, the guy was indeed a hero to many, he was a revolutionary figure, he was influential on the world stage, he did play a pivotal role in Cuban history.
Reminds me of my favorite Swiss word (probably butchered here): Chäschüechli
I don't remember Kerry Katona but I remember Natasha Hamilton because I used to fancy her.
it doesn't matter what language i just want his smoke stuff man
It's not as bad as in the post-communist East.
I've been listening to hedgehogs infront of my apartment building in Celje for a few weeks now
I don't think we have a racial stereotype or other things here, but if you go to a town that is not the capital you could get some odd looks or responses.
>Russia
Barring that, I'd resettle both populations somewhere else and have Israel be a museum country administered strictly secularly.
I like this version better anyway.
But only with family members
Bosniaks themselves like to proclaim they have different islam.
I earn around 1450 EUR/month after tax
Same with deer and boar meat but I think it's usually eaten in restaurants, not prepared at home as much
And actually even before Schengen if you lived close to the border you would normally just be waved through (you had some special passes)
Or when you see a slovenian television show where they try to use "street" language, it just doesn't feel right to me.
I am pretty sure that Putin wouldn't stand like that
Depending on the year you need quite good grades to be accepted.
Jesenice
"Govorim kitajsko
that can't be true
If it break this neutralyty the signatories would be obliged to step in.
Fuck
Here are some examples in Slovene:
Many of em
A part of a roman wall that people still climb and there is a well still preserved under one of our main squares in Ljubljana
I know its sad, but germany doesn't have a competent right party.
"znak za in" so basically "the and sign"
Albanians, Bosnians, Roma sell them at the open market.
To be fair, it does seem to be rather cold in Portugal for this time of the year
RIP Osijek 1196 - 2020
Chrome googles it for you and then there's google browser.
hes globalist 2 of course but i want 2 meet more globalist ppl =) like they say the more the merrier!!!!
Sport commentator Stare when he heard that drkati is skating/sliding started to excessively use it, I remember something in this line "Look at Peter Prevc how beautifully he masturbates on in-run" or comment on football tackle "How great was this masturbation"
because as soon as people spend actual cash on it, that is what its value becomes
> how comfortable they would feel if one of their sons or daughters was in a love relationship with a person from a different ethnic group
Sure but they hold those views in unbelievable procentual numbers.
We get some of that on local forums and it just makes me want to stay a bit more in case I turn into one of them
It'll get better Im sure
Would've been neat if it had happened
You can ask the social services to pay the bills for you though.
Bat jur norsamerikn ingliš spelink is rekrsivli brejkink maj brejn
Unless the Chinese propaganda managed to convince one side that they came to liberate them from the oppressors, for which there's plenty of precedent as well
That was more of a post independence thing, most people today i think just don't care anymore.
They're the only credible positive version of the future that I've seen proposed
So Slovene being my 1st language with Serbian and English my second, I am B1 certified in French and am learning Russian now
It's like they took all the crime and multiplied it by 100 or something.
Or maybe Elvis was one of the most talented musicians out there.
Reminds me of my favorite Swiss word (probably butchered here): Chäschüechli
That's why I didn't say hundreds of thousands.
Don't think we have one in the capital either.
It's seems like an unrelated matter, but it's not.
3rd world countries have governance and money issues and are therefore unable to take care of their huge population especially when it's constantly rapidly growing.
At a bit higher level, I think satire is quite popular, or maybe just generally teasing politicians and celebrities
They should be marked as "in trouble" on the map.
These listed things affect only people
-Your absolutely gorgeous architecture and incredible development that resembles what a modern city should look like
So he said "I don't want that, go away". And the Italian guy went absolutely bananas
This is when a mother should enter the stage and smack you
erm, do you expect any European country to not put pedophiles on the top spot?
If that happens we can abandon pro-US rhetoric.
Fruit and vegetables looking good on the shelves doesn't mean it's better quality.
Beef soup is a staple food in Slovenia :)
[Picture]
A friend of a friend doused herself in gasoline and setting herself on fire in a basement on a stored mattress kids used to park their asses on when they went for a smoke.
We didn't vote for this asshole
A new Danish statistical [study] finds that “Muslims [are] 218 percent more criminal in second generation than first.”
No, definitely not
Velenje has a nice new promenade and the lake part is nice, I heard
He is one of the most interesting people
In the UK that would be when you have a National Insurance Number
Eventually the renaming to Yugoslavia happened
That's the most powerful man on Earth you are rolling your eyes at Frau Merkel
raw cardboard costs abot 30€ per tone.
She stood in a front of a Croatian flag, that is it.
And we should try to get them in the best possible situation.
In Slovenia people rarely get buried whole.
Wild bears stink, can't really describe the smell
Oh then yall do it only when you come here
Franz Josef was never the brightest bulb in the chandelier, and with years he only became dimmer and more stubborn.
Maybee, but also because they have two different political systems and can't agree on who should run the show after unification.
It's less common than it used to be
So literally ID or passport
Here, the pressure is real
Even the teachers were allowed to give us a slap if we were acting up.
Western Europe is simply racist towards Slavs, and the Slavic EU member states are not treated even close to equal, even though some of them have since surpassed some non-Slavic EU member states
One person said something racist, title makes it sound as it was the whole crowd.
You basically described Slovenia
Tillola F
Others are not well known except for Moby Dick.
So yeah, will be very bad
I heard that some germans working in concentration camps came to visit one of the croatian ones and they left early because it was so terrible they couldn't take it
All other phones mostly use Android
Celje, for example, already existed before the Romans took it over
Still is in rural areas
Appalled, I left the country forever.
food or water doesnt care about being consumed, people do
But the minicipalety is legaly and practicaly a 1st level division.
Yes it is but instead of the member countries trying to help fix whatever bs is going on, they're leaving, that's the problem, there's no unity
Also their psiho tests are good.
How did that old draw bridge work?
**Just call first
A town also had jurisdiction over surrounding villages.
Beside that we also have subsidized meals
I believe existence of Central Europe as a unit is covered in geography as well
..goes better with our history, like white wine goes better than red with fish :P Also less idealistic, but useful in way more contexts than the anthem :)
And if it wasn't the EU doing it, it would be the UN.
There are 4 types of Eastern Europe; political, cultural, religious, and geographical, in decreasing order of usage
The most expensive one was a 120€ truck for my 10th birthday
Болје руси него пруси is what we say.
There are still some Italians living there
Taxi driver wearing something like this charged me 200€ for taxi drive from Warsaw to Modlin while verbally reassuring me that his fare is 1.5€/km before starting the journey (it's like 40km ride).
“Ich kann mit eienem Eierlöffel Fledermäuse töten”- thanks to John Cleese
Among tons of other things like [kayaking] [ziplining] [white river rafting] [canyoning] [paragliding] know, stuff like that.
We've always had a lot of Bosnians and Serbs but it seems there's more of them now.
But that was before Twitter, the go-to platform for every right wing politician
If the next country doesn't acept the refugees Turkey can't do shit.
And someone from anywhere in Slovenia has much more in common with someone from anywhere in Austria than with anyone from Russia
Mašina - Maschine - machine
In other words:
The law was so worthless that in those 10 years only something like 60 couples actually made use of it
Kind of
Yes, we are Slavic, but culturally we are much closer to Austria and other Central European countries
They survive on their wits, skill with guns, and the friends they meet on their journey through the vast expanse **now** known as the ~~Wild West~~ **United states**.
Since most people likely don't know - Yugoslavia was never a vassal and for most of the 2nd half of the 20th century not even a friend or ally of the USSR
If only a fraction of them attempt an attack, that's a lot.
Depends on which of the fuckton of Littoral dialects you speak, but generally, yeah
Eu was seen as very positive thing.
There is a network with some others clinics like Graz and Vienna and some Italian but im not sure which.
But I hear it means sth like to blow air up there and here it's, well, straight from English
This ash is typically dumped in the environment, contributing much more radiation above the natural background than any spent fuel from a nuclear power plant
I know because my girlfriend is a teacher in a town of
Thats really different to my experience.
As quick as she came, she also dissappeared.
There are long running shows with imitators, and I also noted stand-up comedians creating a lot of jokes on this behalf
It's happening everywhere
but what has it done for me
Of my friends that have come to live here: Older friend from the UK came here for the scenery and because his retirement money goes further here, I have a few swedish friends that are heavy foodies and they love our cuisine they bought a farm and are planning to start a restaurant here, I have a few Czech friends that have fallen in love with girls here and married into Slovenia, there are tons of people from ex-yu working and living here for the better salary.
I will probably have to read the translated version, as I don't believe my Serbian is good enough to read books.
- As far as technology goes I would also give this title to Maribor
We use Krigl for beer too, I much prefer the Krigl glasses than the more modern wine-looking glasses for beer
I mean isht Germany "the promissed land" especialy for "estern europe"
It's a shitty situation, but I feel universal income isn't the right solution.
It would be really interesting to see if in the 80's Milosevic would be ousted by some more progresssive part of the Serbian communist party and if an agreement about confederation would have prevented the breakup of Yugoslavia, leading to democratic and market reforms and Yugoslavia joining the EU in 2004
Everyone I know from that area speaks fluent Italian and watched Italian dubbed anime as a child.
Yes, I think now most schools do
I live anime and japanese video games
It changes the end of the word (for example: 1 stol -> 2 stola)
The score was already settled in 927 :)
These listed things affect only people
For example, there is plenty of countries whose GDP per capita is lower than Slovenia's, but they also have a much larger population.
Unlike in the Netherlands where it's normal for women with kids to only be employed part-time.
Soup with noodles is standard here.
Is it only to Slovenians that it sounds terrible or what
Sooner or later they will find out how to get around this.
I was under an impression it was around 40000.
The oldest one Slovene manuscript is Freising manuscripts from 10th Century
Yeah, because Tuđman setteled croats from bosnia there.
Children usually get both nationalities of their parents when they are born.
"Manj strašna noč je v črne zemlje krili, kot so pod svetlim soncem sužni dnovi" - "Less terrifying is the night under Earth's dark wing than days lived under the bright sun as a slave" (my translation, predictably terrible, but I couldn't find one online)
For basketball, for hockey and all of the sports, they need a lot of room
Rent for 50-60m2 apartment would be around 400 EUR, maybe a little bit more
Finally, you don't need nearly as many people to defend as you need to attack
What we apparently disagree on is my claim that the US didn't do it out of altruism but out of pure self-interest - that not being a negative thing but simply realpolitik
But without a bigger ~~propaganda~~ national tv, who would tell that you everything is fine and you shouldn't need to worry about the ~~failing~~ effective healthcare
Kosovo and Serbia Reach Deal on Telecom :: Balkan Insight
Yep, as Lion said there's a bridge there, a really nice one but also horribly expensive.
The will to fight amongst ourselves over just about everything, envy, disgracefully underpaid and underequipped emergency services.
USA along with USSR, UK and others were all signatories of the Austrian state trety (Österreichischer Staatsvertrag).
So basically only one US base is in a country bordering Russia (Kazakhstan) and even that's doubtful.
Is it just staying somewhere during week to study and coming home during weekends
But if we're talking about someone who lifts, not that much.
Alnd is part of Swedan ^:P^/s^🐍
Every Catalonian knows Spanish, or Castillan however you wish to name it, which makes Catalan mostly redundant.
And yet, as soon as Central and South-Eastern Europe got rid of communism, its culture (as Kundera defines it) unceremoniously commited mass suicide and nobody batted an eye.
Whit the first web site in svitzerland?
But yeah, as a slovenian I would have a hard time to live in a totally flat rural area like that
I mean, random Korean cities vs cities in the literal center of Europe
Because organizing such a restaurant break is pretty impressive.
Gösser radler is to die for
Office or fax room
Same
By the point you can afford cars with automatic you're usually hardwired to manual anyway.
\<21
You must be confusing Council of Europe with European Council.
Shame its also kinda dead then.
1 Barack Hosein Obama is on the way out so he should shut up
And chemical engineering - probably more than pure chemistry and biochemistry
I would argue your use of the word "left" is wrong.
And many many more
I see Slovenia in the first one <3
I never wanted to admit it because I felt so alone in this lol
Slovenia is safe, egalitarian, fairly progressive, has good infrastructure, good social safety nets and a high standard of living
r/AccidentalRenaissance
Slovenians were embargoed by Serbs just out of spite (according to Slovenia) and had to leave the federation or they'd starve to death
Flash forward 150 years and Slovenian is a highly developed language with a rich literary tradition and official status.
But I actually know my parents’ friends I guess so two degrees for me
Do you still have orphanages in Hungary?
In the meantime, water had already been redirected from the riverbed over the spillway
Somehow always seems poetic in a very strange way and just sounds beautiful
the w president of Republila, hes entertaining :D
I heard you're not supposed to answer phone with "Alo?" in Hungary, because it means "Is it horse?".
Or at least comparatively
"Ne vrag, le sosed bo mejak
I felt it here in Črnomelj
I prefer in this order:, Eldar, Dark Eldar and finally Tau.
In prtactice their territories corresponded with our language area, but those were not meant to be national divisions
Dammit, your pun is better
k/h  -> to/towards
That in itself is a statement about politics.
There is a good chance of getting to anywhere within Europe for about 50€ max, that is more than reasonable price.
I keep repeating this to everyone - Either Poles speaking Spanish or Spaniards speaking Polish
They get an IV with whitening stuff, they call it Cinderella treatment
Sounds funny, but it works
My favourite (he is probably our best prose writer) author is [Vitomil Zupan] Guy was a living legend, writing about many different topics and themes, a lot of it is autobiographic
So probably not weird that we are looked down on
I'd just like to add that both Ireland and UK are outside the Schengen Area.
I'm not sure who she is or what she's done ...
I think Bosnia should have an option of keeping them for at least a few years.
What was the price per million BTU?
If he cries, he will be a singer
I couldn't ride my bike and couldn't wrench on my other bike either because the tool I need didn't arrive yet
can't use fighting agaist fascism to turn in to fascists themselves
Usually used in an ironic way
Before that we had some cheaper Saeco and the coffee it made was god-awful (we once offered it to some Italian customers, they refused to drink it).
Standardizing signalling and communication is actively being worked on with various levels of ETCS, but the question is how much the countries will adopt it
for (us) who are younger these old people talk is quite dull and unproductive.
I watch the parliament sessions to get my dose of comedy.
There's a Roman road going through it, connecting Aquileia and Pannonia (Roman province).
In terms of Crimea, we have no Crimea
What EU membership or being prime minister?
Jesenice and Velenje have the biggest share of Southerners.
Iz riti vlečeš neke predsodke o podeželju, kjer se baje kmetavzi vsak dan, takoj ko zjutraj pomolzejo kravo in zvrnejo litr šnopsa, usedejo na kros in se gredo mortal kombat v lokalni beznici dokler eden ni mrtev
Haha, well that reputation was unfortunately well deserved, but these days all of the industry is dead so the air is fit for actual humans now.
Mind you, while pretty, it's pretty inaccurate
but now that there are more legal ways to get stuff people are more reluctant to enter in the dark side
It is getting boring
Unless I go to Japan again
Was just thinking about that today.
Sure, every artwork decays with time and needs to be restored occasionally.
I read an article pointing to this same issue, how countries manipulate their regions to get the most money possible
Bed during the day, floor during the night.
I love the language
The ID cards show your address* and are linked to a national database of citizens and the UK (and Ireland) somehow dislike this.
Imagine French jokes, but for Italians
I find it normal
TIL the colours of German and Belgian flags actually aren't in the same order
No parent talking here either
Canadas imigration is stricter and better inforced than that of the USA.
Driving on the right is superior to driving on the left.
&#x200B;
I really hope that Irish gets revived somehow in the future
I've never used our national airline, their prices are usually well beyond my reach.
Personally, on the off-chance that I encounter some revisionist or irredentist Italian, Austrian, or Hungarian that makes claims to our modern-day territory, I just start poking fun at them that they couldn't even erase our culture back in their glory days, so trying today would probably lead to us taking over Rome/Vienna/Budapest
I'll do Croatia
Ring a bell
>Russia
Central Slovenia with Ljubljana definitely not, if people talk shit about eachother's regions the heat is usually between Upper Carniola (Kranj) and Central Slovenia (Ljubljana) or between Central Slo
And how much were German, American and Polish GDP's in 1948 and 2015, inflation adjusted?
The only natural island, that still exists
if the treatment isn't available here than they cover it.
I'm sorry to hear that
You can say no and continue distributing 100
Yep
Brilliant
In one country, one can go from the Alps to the coast of the Adriatic sea, to the Dinaric range to the Pannonian basin, all in one day.
It's a state of mind
It's not about bad decisions the EU made, but decisions **I** don't agree with
I believe different union or unions will be created.
The sun is neuter (sonce), while we have two words for the moon
That's a good one
Religion is culture
Already 90 years old at the time, he instead commited a public suicide and left that verse in his farewell letter
Europe had the biggest phone manufacturer in the world
Looks disgusting but it's so good once you get used to the taste.
If it would remain with only first report about them, joking them, I doubt they would still exist
And such policies are right up their alley.
His head hit a rock, cracking his skull and forcing a piece of bone up into his brain.
I think it was the Lake festival?
Czechs did agree to Munich, after Britain and France informed them they'll get no help if they decided to resist.
At least you didn't mistake us for Slovakia
My father is the head programmer in a local company and he gets around 1400€ per month.
It happens sometimes I meet someone suddenly behind the corner, but it was never even close, we might just steer more to the edge once we see each other
We get some of that on local forums and it just makes me want to stay a bit more in case I turn into one of them
Double whammy
1991 -
Pretty sure the UK is going to be the 52nd state (after Puerto Rico ofc) before Czechia is part of Russia
I'm not sure whether we have contractions in standard Slovene but I can think of a few examples of words that seem to fit the definition of a contraction in my dialect.
But why change the law when you re only leaving the 🇪🇺?
And in general, not really
Did you just
The courts have not even begun to decide
Be careful, or he will release the hounds again
I always keep mine in the fridge
If some Turkish town had a severed crusader's head on its coat of arms, I really wouldn't have a problem with that.
luckily her car was right there so she and the dog quickly got in
My neighbor was a polite old lady from Timisoara or somewhere there, she worked in a bank in Pula in her youth.
Or just chanhe a few liitle words and bother with new laws after they actualy leave.
Actually the most left wing newspaper is Mladina, which ironically used to employ also the current prime minister 30 years ago
“Burek”, it’s not Slovene in origin but here you’ll find it everywhere in the major cities, it’s essentially fried flaky dough with fillings such as meat and the like
He looks like a South American soap opera star
The gypsies are an ethnic group that came to Europe sometime during the middle ages from India.
Marija is the [most common female name here] However, a vast majority of Marija's are old.
I've even been to France myself a couple of times and nearly nobody spoke English
In poland they are paramilitary.
interwar period, border divisions), you're seen as ok.
Idk exactly how many jews live here as different sources say different things.
You also typically get used to people from other countries not knowing anything at all about your country (which is both a blessing and a curse)
Italians got style ;)
It’s called Wild Lake (Divje jezero) and it is about 160 meters deep
EU should pick four random US states and start requiring visas for them
In Slovenia he is treated as a hero (or at least as a positive figure)
In Ljubljana there’s a law that prohibits building anything higher than the Ljubljana caste(which is 100m)
Gorenjska
Yes, I was having breakfast with a friend in Slovenia outside her apartment building.
Some allowed shoes inside, mine didn't. We had lockers but we only used them for coats, shoes and p.e. stuff and carried all our book for the day with us
Sorry but ethnicity doesn't necessarily correspond to your native language.
The socialist republics of Serbia and Croatia made a trade, with Serbia receiving Srem and Croatia in exchange receiving Istria.
Slovenia is not correct as a whole it has a bit of mediteranian, Alpine, Karst(not shown) , Pannonian plain.
It's not as if this is unique to Saudi Arabia, virtually all politicians have to give lip service to the majority religion in their country, or they would alienate a huge voter block.
Slovenian, Croatian, Serbian, Polish, Italian, Spanish and English
She participated last year and [her song] was infinity times better than that crapity-crap we sent.
But corruption in politics or in major construction projects that is completely different story
I 'm currently in Manchester and Can't understand half of what English are saying.
As a born American citizen and a somewhat recent Slovenian citizen through my family, Jansa can fuck the right off
Its not that bad doe, Germany is still 80% german while Germany with european(without Turkey) immigrants make 92% of population...
There is always gonna be tension between them being Jewish in very muslim lands.
I also have a friend of Ukrainian and Georgian origins and she makes me think about these places a lot
Albanians, bosniaks, croatians and serbians
No I don't think mine uses garlic.
Snow is gone, u?
Proper Slovenian (and it's bastardized form in Ljubljana) are just the Esperanto for people from all over this huge country to communicate, since without it, most people wouldn't be able to understand each other
It really destroyed my sense of self-worth for the next few weeks
And one year of Sociology and one of Psychology
Roška should be headquarters to Levica and SD
After that started movies (subtitled) and music.
No, we’ve broken a lot of records
Perkele
I don't even know why didn't they reject the application outright.
>you’ll be left with footprints of damage across your lawn
I started learning it in school in like 3rd grade, but I learned the most out of watching minecraft youtube videos
in a lake
Erdogan is taking an interesting path nowerdays.
Also what is average gross salary in cz atm.
The constitutions of the SHS kingdom and Kingdom of Yugoslavia were both heavliy influenced by serbian centralism, thus they did not want to divide the country in administrative divisions that would represent nations
"Koliko
As mentioned before, you can differentiate between Czech, Slovak and Polish based on diacritics.
And the ski slopes are closed as well
I miss that place
> Article 5 is only for defensive wars
> Czech Corridor
I am a European but I am also Slovene
Slovenia gang where yall at
I think in general the biggest threat is getting your bike stolen
Tumblr links being given gold
That's the first and the only thing that I was looking to find it here
Well people get nervous and angry if you just look at them for more than a second.
And then October 31st is Reformation day and November 1st is All saints day and December 25th is Christmas and December 26th is Independence and Unity Day
And that you're so proud of the US.
If there's more going on, it's most definitely not a big thing.
We always got it from a neighbour at our weekend house
what Catalonia is proposing is little more than rebellion
Non-existent compared to the UK!
PC: go to r/AskEurope page
If he kicks with his feet, he will be a footballer
There's only [one example I know of] and it's pretty good, which makes sense, since the girl's real life mom is apparently Slovenian, but you can still hear the accent
Second is Barcaffe and after that Lavazza
Murska Sobota means Mur Saturday
And than i go to a museum and the staf (the EDUCATED staf) cant muster a single word of english...
I think we would welcome EU migration, but I remember 2008 when we were getting as many people as Germany got refugees.
Keep an emergency fund and that should be it, invest everything else.
I think the mods have to put a minimum account age and karma limit for posting.
We'll just stick to Symbian
No, havent come across them.used in circulation.
Kaj si mi reko, prokleti peder pofukani
If that counts
Most expensive meal is 4,37€. With that you usually get a soup, main course, salad and fruit
> Pavel Svoboda
because I'm 30 and only developers have similar paychecks from the people I know
Our dialect is different in cases, sounds, sentence formation and words
We have tons of 2nd, even 3rd generations here who don't consider themselves Slovene, so I don't see a reason for us to consider them that either.
You're leaving EU not the continent...
They should be given a fair referendum in the relevant region though
On the other hand a significant number of Europeans hate Americans
How would you describe homesickness
Let's just say I'm not holding my breath for change
For sure it's our prime minister
Bad start, good ending
Sums it up ok-ish.No idea about the source credibility but this is as close as a slovenian can sum it up
Just who do you mean by you
*insert hysterical laughter here*
Central Europe is a thing, learn your geography
Kdor ni skrit, naj se gre solit - He who is not hidden, should go salt himself
Maybe there's a stronger influence amongst Muslim communities especially in Kosovo but choosing between Turkey and EU, they'd certainly go with the latter.
We actually took lessons on development of English language on example of Beowulf
Oh damn, have to watch the last one.
It's not just because they are from another country and not because they look different
What a miserable piece of shit you are.
Oooh that changes a lot
And this is where you can see who's genuinely in charge
About the differences: Usually dialects depend on the neighboring countries
I love it
It seems to be barely portrayed at all.
Yeah well, half of the shit written in most EULAs is like that but cannot be enforced because it's illegal in the first place
My father used to say he is Bosnian (not Bosniak), now he proclaims himself as Serb from Bosnia
Are your trees made of meatballs
For example in my class of 32 only 3 have a second name
EVERY government that tried to change this has ben toppled
But the amount of belief I see people have about changing a leader bringing better life is astounding
Ljubljana = everything
Čehija^ohgod No
First referendum: "Do you want to have another referendum about UK leaving EU
I don't think so
I advise you to avoid rumors in general.
People are posting statistics like "50% want to keep abortion as it is, only 15% want stricter regulations". That seems to me to mean, that 2/3 of the population do not want to have more loose regulations regarding abortion
I found pretty much all countries I visited filled with mostly very welcoming people (must be my charming personality).
For now
Celje: 37 872 (municipality: 49 540)
Where are your slutty posts, liar
All the schools I know had the same schedule.
I don't really remember any major scandals in my 37 years of living in Slovenia involving police.
Because hungry people are much more likely to turn to communism, i.e. invite the Red Army for a visit
I think we have a basic idea of the language, but I think we generally speak broken Croatian
I saw another just yesterday and it read 'God is the way' or something rather neutral like that
" if I leave the door open (Slovenia)
Not a cpup atwmt asasination planing.
Ni treba iz enega posploševanja na drugo skakat
you consciously(!) don't see them!
If it's cone shaped, you should probably see a doctor
[Salomon shoes] have been a thing for years though.
In capitalist America you crash Windows, but in soviet Russia windows crash you
Edit: word
Therefore much easier to integrate.
I was in London once, sitting outside of a hostel and a fox casualy walks by looking at me.
I have also been to Montenegro, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech R., Poland, The Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, France, Spain, UK and Greece.
On the other hand, people who hired workers to do it for them admit it is a generally an unmitigated disaster, reliable and responsible workers are rarer than unicorns
None of the nationalities accounted for over 50% of Partisans.
This is weird data, we aren't getting depopulated, our population is growing.
We have Styria too, you know
They had fancy apartments in Ljubljana, paved roads, new tv-s, nice cars, send their kids abroad to study
Now in my 30s not anymore (i think they're getting too old and it would just be rubbing it in )
My handwriting is nothing to be proud of
"Govorim kitajsko
Neumne ljudi najdeš v mestih in podeželju, večina prebivalcev pa je povsem normalna
People like to put a dash (-) and put the (albeit correct) Slovene noun suffix after that
Don’t get me started on the social media comments, those are even more batshit crazy
Yea, I guess shop owners can always claim they just like toads.
I'm honestly worried they'll never get rid of this shit.
The most recent one I remember that was posted here was % of people living abroad.
While a more "subtle" way of getting people to follow their religion, it is certainly a step above the "convert or we put a sword through your chest" method a lot of Christian kingdoms used.
I find it very relevant right now, too
Wealth all around and then people sleeping on benches.
just no
So you kinda have to protect it.
But yeah the vignette system could definitely be better
I'd say "normal" sets are quite affordable here and tbh I haven't noticed any bigger price difference between Slo and D.
Even just getting in would be suicidal, considering all entry points are literally chokepoints easily covered from Europe
Debit card for in-person shopping
There aint anything like these down here
▒█▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒████▒▒████▒▒█▒█▒█▒▒███▒▒████▒▒█████▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒█▒█▒
The old man is also wearing a pretty stereotypical highlander cow-herding clothes (the wide brimmed hat and sheep-skin vest).
Our resistance to Magyarization was mostly based on the fact that we weren't Hungary.
Triple Bridge (Architect: Jože Plečnik), Ljubljana, Slovenia
And there were some physical references she believes chaged after he came back
This was not just communist government incompetence...
Holocaust didn't happen because there was never a written order by Hitler personally to commit it.
Type of high school
There is a Kurdish nation, and currently also a Kurdish country(Now that the Kurds occupies some of Syria and Iraq, and have their own government)
I think we will reach 1.8 within few years.
You know, when you have to check yes or no as an answer.
We'd finally get some serious coastline, plus there's so many Italian tourists visiting the Karst region we probably wouldn't even notice the change.
Agreed, there's a big cultural difference
osaka,
I have a possition that all travelers should avoid places like Paris, Bruxels, London; terrorism is not something to be taken lightly.
Norway: [Why don't we take the gas car tax and put it into EV subsidies
Kiss your freedom and democracy goodbye
Tungaj transformer,
I can't wait for bikes and pedestrians to take over cities and kick dem cars out for once
Yes, in Polish it's gone too far and is now official ;) The famous Ł letter.
Eventually Slovenia and Croatia demanded a more federal system, Serbia disagreed, the Slovene and Croat delegations left the Parliament and that's how the dissolution started
Not thrown out but told to leave the store and that they don't sell "hleba".
Hehe yeah
Looks like we're the same now Greece, even though we have 0 cultural ties in reality.
But only a veeery short stretch of the city
But I have absolutely no interest in watching two teams from half way across the world compete in a sport, that's not all that popular in the first place.
we dont use the letter ć, and čevapi are more of a staple of serbia than our own.
Sure, you could have some computer vision system that would detect whether something is a branch or not, but that is setting the bar a little high, don't you think?
We're too irrelavant to have a global stereotype.
Angela Merkel's party is called "Christian Democrats" after all.
▒█▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒████▒▒████▒▒█▒█▒█▒▒███▒▒████▒▒█████▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒█▒█▒
I think that  the fact that Maribor had the title of European Capital of Culture in 2012 speaks for itself
**Also check out how corrupt Fillon is.**
Coloring compared to price should be inverted.
Especialy cuz we already use short "Češka" in Slovene
Our Turkish coffee came from Bosnians who prepare it a bit differently.
As a PM he was OK, but as a president he was pretty chill.
We do have a few villages where cities are basically divided by two
I don't see that going well for even the US, even if you can get China to threaten the Russian southern flank enough that they can't dedicate all their armed forces to defending their shores
Vem, ampak ne obstajata samo Zagreb in Ljubljana
Fifth, what kind of mental gymnastics must one perform to blame Americans for us having to endure communism
Surprised we seem to be the minority here - no
On the other side of the hill there's a a more likely and way less violent story, abut a Turk who apparently decided to stay here and became Christian, he supposedly built a chapel to commemorate this, and it's known to this day as "Turk's chapel".
Heartbreaking
A movie was based upon [it]
in terms of conflicts - crimea and south ossetia.
IDK maybe your SS man would have something to say about that.
Especially young families now set up a tree earlier for the kids.
It must be said, though, that excessive noise on our trains is only a problem during peak hours, other than that people usually keep to themselves
For all the rest, if one would speak really slow, i would probably have some low to medium degree of understanding
Add a hoodie and a coat if it's cold, replace jeans with shorts when it's hot.
Hellenic religion had no sacred texts, no dogmas, no initiation rites.
General public tends to turn more towards Russia because of USA foreign policies.
If it’s that person who gave the gift, use “kateremu je dal
Yes, most dogs I've seen here didn't wear a muzzle either, you just need it with you I guess.
If I were a soldier I would much rather fight in WW2
Ahh, Turkey, the true pillar of democracy
Mutual intelligibility is around 25%, then add how familiar someone is with the language.
Even doctors are disliked when they want higher wages
Why wouldn't we have Albanians from Albania?
Should I have written more double vowels
Some are actually quite good
but babysnatchers
It's a mess and those of us who see both sides are enemy of all
000€ per month". You see where I am going with this
Italy would be my second best
There are also some older classics from ex-Yu
I was hiking in Wales and got a feeling that it's not common because people were often surprised when I greeted them
For example:
The prices went up and up and up.
Might as well call it the Broken Empire of Europe
this seems to be an online thing rather than an actual shop.
Aperes not to be satire, by the curent news reports.
Link ki si ga prilepil kaže statistiko po upravnih enotah - nič pa ne pove, koliko so te enote urbanizirane - torej koliko je več kriminala na podeželju
5 perfect
Hunting is done by something called "hunting families".
I'm pretty sure The Killers had more.
Small wariations compared to 🇪🇺 vs 🇺🇸.
LOL why are they than national parks if the nation cant enjoy them?
There are those who have assimilated and speak passable Slovene, some even speaking it well but it must be a city thing to call them Slovenes because they are obviously not one of us.
As much as i know there are no chemical used for stabilization.
I totaly agree, problem of small nations like us is that we are too small to have any demands when talking to big ones.
PPP has to do with price levels, not population size
>ljubiti se
I'm already annoyed when shopping for clothes and they ask you if you need help.
I apologise for my harsh response
Or you can both pick a whole different last name if you wish.
No organized religion or institution should have power over the state and people’s rights
The cities were always majority German, and this goes for the likes of Maribor (Marburg), Ptuj (Pettau) and Celje (Cilli) too.
TBH, Servers need a blessing
Lunch is also provided in school, there's 5 menus each day
Edit:
When I read how Orban and Kaczinsky behave towards the media, their discourse sounds strikingly familiar
It's a actually unusually good for a google translate translation.
Depends on how you define a city
We'll do Trieste
Put yourself in my shoes then, you can see above what the mix is that created me, who should I be proud of?
Hence me putting it forward =)
The more crap you publish, the more quality stuff will sneak through.
Do you ever have Michael Brown-type situations in which civilians assault police?
All I'm saying is, you need to specify what countries you're interested in because every country has different laws.
5 or 6 mostly with school as I am not that interested in that period of the time and I find castles boring
Being part of Yugoslavia
Same here 1 pes, 2 psa, 3 psi, 4 psi, 5 psov ...
It is quite a bit different than the rest of Italy.
Even if I end up not liking it there I'm trying for education so I still get something out of it.
passport, he gave me the meanest,
Why shouldn't they be allowed to conceal their casualty ratio?
Not funny, but [Resian dialect] sounds like blabbering to me.
Go further east, go further east ....
Of course it is, we learned it the last time this photo was posted.
Yes, it really hurts me you're black?
The rest of the Slavic languages range between maybe 15-25% understandable (Ukrainian, Polish, Bulgarian) to up to 50% understandable (Slovak, Czech, Macedonian, Russian)
/r/shittyhdr is [that way](/r/shittyhdr)
Tere seems to be more razy people out there when you watch the news than there actualy are.
Wonder what bar would look like if we did this study on Reddit, 99% red
They didn't even use last names centuries ago.
It's relations and history that counts, which is usually, but not always* connected with geographic proximity.
Quite normal, at least I have not been in any weird position because of admitting it
Oh no, is that a blackface or just a dirty king since he brings coal lol?
You misunderstood me
I think it's mostly how the question was phrased
They were saying this WHILE their market share was in freefall
Some Slovenes argue that Carantania from the 7th century was a Slovene state, but that is complete and utter poppycock
Croatia - Hrvaška
Marelica in Slovene
Why are you calling me a horse
I've never seen unisex toilets, except for the ones for invalids.
sod - barrel
Extremely common here too, unfortunately
It took 9 repetitons of the public procurement process to choose the construction company, and innumerable burocratic complications, stealmates, complaints etc, for less then 4 km of highway
Bigger groups can hire a guide.
tbh i dont really cook i just like to eat, so i can't tell you all the possible ways it can be done :D
Hmm weird, I guess you're right.
You are both kinda right
*Sorry Italy, they asked
We always got it from a neighbour at our weekend house
I'm talking about why the country did what it did, and countries don't do stuff out of altruism
I just don't like the stereotype that comes from it, and then the rest of Slovenia gets the same stereotype attached to them
Koliko jajc ima ameriški predsednik?
thumbs (inches) are still used for tires for some reason
Well maybe you should ask Ljubljana about their complex
Come to Ljubjana, youll love the queint feel.
You can buy me pandoro instead.
How would the EU distinguish equal quality products with different taste from products that actually are of inferior quality?
Apart from his death in misterious concequances before he would have been relesed?
It's in his political and economic interest to propagate his own media
I always found it funny when Tarik Filipović tried speaking Slovene on Potjera
they already set the island on fire
Month
Also, isn't the head of the Vatican City an elected monarch, the Pope?
And Ognjišče. Probably missing something
Thanks for sharing
Controlled flight into terrain due to the pilots forgetting to set the altimeter to the right setting, 98 fatalities
Its sounds like finish, Hungarian, turkeys
she was probably thinking about [this]
This is so weird
We also don't have as much super obese people like you see in the UK.
Dude: *takes order*
If they were any more inbred they would be a sandwich.
But being beaten, because of it?
Or a huge apartment (< 200m\^2) with no land
Kakšna očala pa ti nosiš :)
First we need to qualify
Quotes are still better than nonsense
Kdo bo naredu crosspost
a giant Polish sausage (cue laugh track)
They must be German
Sorry Croatia
They already came to help against Nazis and to insinuate that even that wasn't enough is outrageous to me
Nowadays there's no nicknames afaik, maybe "little Austria"?
Please, central for about 1300 years
Exactly yeah
Kajkavian still sounds very Croatian to me with maybe a bit more of a Slovene accent.
I have time to cook and eat with my husband daily, to do some sports or hobbies, and socialise in some limited way in the evening
As for motivation, the usual "dying for your cause" shtick.
Italy or Hungary are more likely to invade because of their national minorities in Slovenia
They usually call before delivering
However I met a very nice woman from Peru.
It's also a great game for young adults to play at 3:00 in the morning when they are shitfaced
Yes i believe that’s right
It just changed automatically on the 1st of January.
Would you personally support one?
And I was about to post an angry rant.
Edit: also discrimination against jews isn't racism it's anti-Semitism
It's amazing the combo
Who
But..but..Americans are saying that we're already living under Sharia law and military aged Muslim males are running all over the place, raping and beheading people!
And then in August a police officer was shot.
Okay, I could tell Kajkavian from Shtokavian.
and now he is the richest man in our country
I feel like Savinjska is pretty well developed
Alright, I see how it is
*Od nekdaj lepe so Ljubljanke slovele*
What reason does a Muslim person have to burn a car?
National identity is part of who you are, a part of the culture you were brought up in and not respecting that is literally ditching your past behind you, it's hard to explain but it's not wrong to be proud of who you are, so as long as you don't corrupt it into nationalism and start thinking you're better than others.
Could be because most students still go home for the weekend or every other weekend and consider that their real home
Replying to all of my comments and trying to make me angry is not going to help.
I tried to get a few americans to  pronounce Ljubljana once
Why would you be concerned, are you afraid of a EU invasion on USA?
- Charlemagne = Karel Veliki
So we have 4 two day holidays
I was referring to Slovenia only
If you're travelling nowadays that's essentially it
We only have that in last year of high school
And why is there Le Pen in the EU parliament?
A grammatical number (like singular and plural) that refers to two nouns.
It is also the only way Ryanair accept correspondence.
And his reason was to make the population of Germany better workers
The above Dutch person and their attitude, I think.
I actually had no idea ancient Greek had dual
Even Israel is safer on that map.
I say, that would be a stretch ...
This sentence translates to:  Včeraj so na hribu bili volkovi (with an "i", simple plural)
When 4G came around, they jacked up the prices
80 of Yugoslavia (all the of them the first was the best from the).
Bread with pasta
I **hope** everyone knows Stromae.
Have you ever heard of slippers
And man, did you respond quickly.
Not a year goes by without Home alone movies on TV here.
And then 50 years of non-aligned, so neither west nor east
Firstly, Macedonia was the most peaceful region during the war
I guess the big countries have a form of autarky while the smaller ones just cannot have
Ever since 5th grade, I've been a big fan of reading, and, altho I'm ashamed of saying it myself, the majority of the books I read were light novels
Rdeči cvet is my favouriet obviously
German being mostly in the northern parts, as you said earlier
My confused mind thought it was close to north and south Belokranjsko dialects lol.
Are there enough people fed up of them
Sure but Eurosceptic party like Swedens democrats would never got so much support without Immigration issue.
oh cmon , you are being too mean...
The name means New Town (could also be City, since we have the same word for both).
We usually eat them with lepinja, onions and ajvar and/or kajmak.
There's quite a divide in our politics here too.
Nop, they acknowladge the dept they have to ey YU and acording ro Sucession, to 🇸🇮.
Coal contains a small amount of naturally occurring radioactive isotopes
Aneda
This however does not change the fact our resources were spread extremely thin at the end of 2015.
Nice
I know theres a woman and Stare perhaps
You're really trying to get your point across but it won't work.
One of the attacks happened in one of the more "integrated" settlements, too.
I can't say it bothers me since I think there is a lot of truth in these stereotypes.
>  Prekmurska, Stajerska, Primorska, Gorenjska, Notranjska and Koroska
The worst is probably [Britannia Airways Flight 105] September 1, 1966
ok, ok, frere moments then
I mean, random Korean cities vs cities in the literal center of Europe
Yup
Up to 52 dialects depending on who you ask, Kajkavian Croat being a dialect or Prekmurščina and Rezijanščina being separate languages entirely
which is perfectly fine, if incredibly stupid
Saudis are too wealthy and too powerful
Only bears, no people
Oh hey the White House, I was there in Battlefield 5
Only if they are a couple or if they congratulate each other for a birthday.
I also find it strange that they didn't include ages below 15.
on the whole, we have no reason to believe that refugees pose a security concern
Which is more rights than Turks have in Turkey.
Holy, do you need a montaneering equipement for that?
Again stop projecting your feel-good beliefs that are not backed by stats.
Take it up with people at National Geographic and others who write history books, not me.
Emergency powers aren't inherently bad
But theoretically, it could be that one of his parents was Slovenian, for example
63 killed, 328 injured and 4,693 prisoners in 10 days.
it translates them into your language and shows results for the translated search!
I am going to be honest with you here, mean no offence (checked the spelling online so that I won't trigger that guy), though.
this ideology of austerity goes against so many economic lessons from the 20th century: that you need a strong demand for economic growth; that you need a big middle class to drive that; that infrastucture, public healthcare and school system, and social security create opportunities which in turn create wealth and well-being which in turn strengthen democratic institutions and the rule of law; that for that, you need high and progressive taxes, etc
You don't know that
Lampa - Lampe - lamp
I wonder what would it take for Orban to get defeated
I think they are around 20 hours and are organized by driving schools.
Black turkish coffee at home (although I've been informed by Turks that's not how you make turkish coffee) and coffee with milk, if I go to a coffee place.
We are all sick of them
Yeah
Also french muslims have much higher fundamentalist rates then for example muslims in Germany.
For some reason they have different names in different countries.
Babica po očetovi strani je mlajša in je stara recimo, da 60 let.
We were literally ruled by a Communist Party of Yugoslavia.
Mediterranean Migrant Arrivals Reach 19,722, Deaths: 525
So you choose to be none but what would it be if you would not?
Some could save a lot, but they spend everything
Montenegro, Macedonia, Serbia, Albania.
I love that we have dual
I work for 8h (with rare exceptions) and spend a little less than 1h commuting
The guide looks the same, dreses the same, talks the same.
Started happening now during corona lockdowns
admittedly rather biased sounding
People collect WW2 era and nazi stuff a lot
Germany - Nemčija
We use it everyday
I know some people who would get very upset if they saw this video.
You are brave to put this out on this sub.
The church jas never had a pressident, lets hope we get a better option on the nonclerical side than borut.
Actually doing it is another thing though.
Malta is epic, can confirm
They said that we'd pay more than 200€ if we bought the same thing in the store.
Taking a musicians life is going to change the world for the better
Damit dieser Hottentottenstottertrottelmutterbeutelrattenlattengitterwetterkotterattentäter
We have "anti-faschist" (I am firmly against our current government but can be a part of these people) protests going on and if you even mention Tito (the Yugoslavian dictator) was a dictator in their online groups they loose their shit
Both, interchangeably or as a synonym to emphasize which vaccine you're talking about
If you have such an old and powerful institution it will of course have a lot of dirt
Isn't abortion paid by insurance everywhere?
Lepa njiva (pretty field) or Dolge njive (long fields)
I dont know where you get your 1€ tickets or what your gigant pay must be, but travell is certanly not cheep.
We’ve broken virtually every record
Also the Roman empire
Not just for Christmas, but on random weeks as well.
UwU
Kids motor skills worsened for more than 13%. Especially in kids who were very active before the lockdowns since all after school sport activities were also closed
Secondly, Slovenia was the only part of Yugoslavia that was directly annexed and incorporated into the German 3rd Reich and Fascist Italy
I'd say I didn't catch more than half the meaning all in all, but the opening lines are really similar to modern language
Try-hard cringe said in Steyermark accent
Some things were different, both politically and socially, but it wasn't drastic.
It's not fixed, but it's not really democratic either.
It's something that prevented our nation from disappearing in the past and it's in times like today that we need nationalism again.
Both camped, sang, had older member be leaders and so on
Because the current right wing leading party controls directly just one TV channel which is small and pathetic (and funded by Orban)
So I'm in peace with that fact
Of course
Sometime before mass population and pollution, to enjoy our natural gems to the fullest and in peace
If all the lines of "jebem ti mater", "pička ti materina" and "nabijem te na kurac" in comments sections were lines of code instead, Balkan would be an IT superpower xD
Dober dan
Those remote huts that are only meant for a one night stay.
He goes around doing regular people's work like picking up trash and working on fields instead of doing his actual job as a president
Me especially since my birthay is in december
Tsar, emperor, pope, sultan ...
I'd rather have a 22% share of some company and the next biggest one would be let say 10% so I'm still the biggest owner(and this owner is some privat capital-not just aka state again) but now If i want to pull some political ropes since "we" won the elections all the other 78% of the owners have to agree on this, therefore much much less space for political intrigues in state owned businesses.
If they were thrown or maybe just fell on the hard ground they can't be "good as new".
Then you read the comments on Reddit and it's the same thing everywhere, except people in other countries have some reason and patience.
In that case you just take some fruit or
There are laws against animal cruelty, but I'm not to familiar with them.
Trieste was and is ours already :)
because BiH has the worst governing framework in the world, which leads to consequences.
Two are still standing, one on Metelkova street and one on Roška
Well yes in English it would sound very weird to say half seven but in Slovenian to most Slovenians it sounds weird to say 6 and a half
Why does it bother you if I posted an updated version?
The legend says that a dragon lived inside a local mountain and would often threaten to destroy nearby villages by flooding them with water from an underground lake
I did grow up in pretty "hard" region, full of miners, alcohol and low on sunshine.
The titles of cartoons and shows are fucked up
I love the sound of Sigur Ros, I don't think you you need to know what they're saying, just listen.
Probably the Easter earthquake of Ljubljana on 14th of april 1895
Well, the EU the Brexiteers want to leave has never existed either thus far, and yet that doesn't seem to stop anyone on that side
Putting a parent to a nursing home was considered disrespectful not so long ago
Hmmm
They both joined to form the UK.
We use it everyday
I now want to move to your street
Badly integrated immigrants who share very fundamentalistic values are ghettoized in suburbs of Malmö and Stockholm.
I find it more funny than frustrating
I dont think people shold downvote to scilence descenting opinion.
As a Slovenian so do I. Not because of the money sink, but because our president decided to side with Hungary and Poland
Have you considered state suicide?
€818 here, we also don't make Finland money...
honestly never thought about it having anything to do with a monkey
Where is the border between Serbia abd Montenegro?
It's notmal to settle down in your 30s and some who want that feel the pressure but it's not that big of a deal I think
Don't listen to him, he's full of shit.
what part of us foreign politics doesnt align with russia?????
I'd guess this might be the worst
It's not really something one would read in a history book, really.
Knowing full well all other passports are burgundy ...
That's why the Netherlands should be the strongest proponents of Eurofederalization
It's pretty much a given that the government would enforce conscription in case of war (as our laws currently stand, we do not have conscription, though) and I would support it.
Often it's kids who do that (kill puppies, even cut of parts of dogs)
[Here is my answer from another thread.]
There is no law against any fences.
I know it's already part of the question but the biggest reasons are more content and larger user base.
Imo Italian is easier than English
Seems like a praier we can get behind.
Always against europe and her ideals.
That will surely be a peaceful solution.
Do you get people who moved out and can't stop attempting to humiliate you over the fact that you stayed
It is quite complicated
And as it stands right now - there were no news about it
Nah, she was shit regarding history in general
Although there might be heightened police patrols because of the current situation.
It's either somewhere in the countryside, often with a vineyard or an apartment/caravan/house on the Croatian or Slovenian coast.
[You can hike from Maribor to the cost in about 21 days, and will probably not hear a sliver of news from satan blessed 'Murica.]
also the "j" at the end of words is almost silent to the point of most foreigners not even hearing it, but it does make all of them completely unable to pronounce any word with it
World cup tho
> very similar cuisine and love of rakija
To be fair you left out Beljak (Villach), Celovec (Klagenfurt) and of course the field of Gospa Sveta with the Ducal stone, probablly one of teh most important icons of slovenian identity.
She was wrong
Valtola I
Hungary took our land and inslaved our people, Croatia wants to take our land and ozr rightfull acses to the open see.
I would also say Jesenice
Key EU figures have already stated that the aim is to punish the UK
They already came to help against Nazis and to insinuate that even that wasn't enough is outrageous to me
Is it true they want to block a democratic vote or is that just a rumor I heard?
It also showed answers from another town who didn't agree with it
At the moment everyone just somewhat believes that everything is going to be fine, because people are somewhat prevented from accessing high voltage parts
Are there any german jokes **without** an indepth explanation?
Whenever you debate hate speech laws with Germans on reddit, they will argue that it is right that incitement to hatred is illegal because it is a crime and it is a crime because it is illegal.
So that when you eat you can rest a bit and then go to the midnight service.
(Use s/)
Usually, people grow different sorts of flowers and vegetables.
Sorry it's a bit of a long list :p there's more of course, but I can't remember them right now.
Ljubljana, Zagreb, Sarajevo, Belgrade, Podgorica, Athens, Vienna, Bern, Rome (and Vatican City), Brussels, London, Paris, Nicosia, San Marino.
And the best thing propaganda ever pulled is making people believe they are immune to it
Other Slovenes can say whatever they want, but Gorazd is badass as fuck and as far as I know it only exists in Slovene.
> The Marshall Plan was specifically designed to jump start European industry
We can have huge temperature differences, up to around 28°C in a day.
If you were surrendering, cowards, [this] nor [this] nor [this] nor [this] would happen, and the list goes on
Anything for a kebab tbh
Countries just wanna take what is theirs :).
10 years nobody really has any will left for it
No, but I do have period underwear
In Bosnia and Serbia it's unfortunately not like that
Govt crisis looming in Slovenia as decision on doctors' deal expected
Basically, songs that make you go "ahhhh [insert the name of your country]".
[I saw her that night] by Drago Jančar
But is it wrong for me to say that I would prefer not to have roma neighbors since they literally threatened to beat me up over a fuckin parking spot
Dialisys - 176 € (chronic) or 302 € (acute)
We were shocked and after the shock wore out classmait was verry glad he did not say something worse
It doesn't says how productive are people who smoke.
Now in corona times I travelled across a good part of central Europe by train
brat - brother
Absolutely
You think Russia and USA will agree to merge Austria into Germany?
Hilarious but tragic at the same time
The Slovenian no-bullshit approach to racial equality
and they tend to cause trouble
A friend of mine even said he wasn't against allowing gay people to marry, he was just worried about kids growing up in such families...
It's the Grubnić guy that looks like a ciganovič.
Because from what I have read EU cant throw out member states.
But the last time I was in Nova Gorica there was nothing
Here one as well, also some in Croatia
It seems like there is only room for black and white in Amwrica
And those don't have to worry about little things like integrity or consistency.
Donald Trump's great friend is Nigel Farage, an eurosceptic.
The fall of the towers and the numbers involved were just meaningless statistics to me, but seeing a person fall or jump to their deaths made it tragic beyond words for me.
What are similarities between Greek and Slovene, Croatian, Serbian...
For example, they can't built a very needed road because of critically endangered butterfly species.
The newly founded [socialist party.]
To clarify, I live in the north west, in the Alps, and boy do I miss my winters with -10 in November, with piles of snow by mid December and a winter breeze that feels like litle razors caressing your cheeks
This covid19 crysis really did just turn into a giant IQ test conducted on the whole population of the entire world all at once
My friends girlfriend is croatian, but he lives near the border.
I doubt he is in any polish books, so he would need to aply and get the papers sorted out, same for hish children.
Now forcing the lunch hour makes nosense, If you want take it, here it is if you dont thats fine.
80 per cent acording to some reports
For your sake i hope it's dry heat
Iceland is my #6 and #7 is the southeast corner of France (pretty much from the Swiss border to Cannes)
Also some people might sprinkle shugar on top to mke it sweet.
I believe by the second hand effects of alcohol he means: drunk drivers, drunk fights, drunk people falling asleep in the cold, alcohol intoxication, etc.
but for some reason draught beer never switched
Thanks
Not our Janša. Listening to him is worse than listening to that mouth smacking ASMR, yet his following is significant
We used to do it on r/slovenia but i got old because we ran out of words that rhyme with dečki (dudes)
This is in fact comon knowldge.
Plenty of North Africans here in the Netherlands with similar and not-so similar things.
You enter a hostel from the side of an old house
Fresh milk goes bad one or two days after the date even in a fridge
768 €
I don't think anyone lives on the island
When you see a picture of refugees walking through the village in this article and you are not sure if this village is in Austria or Slovenia.
That table was apparently made in Slovenia
Except [potica] (well, that article is badly written, to be honest; but the bottom picture - breakfast - is very real and very proper, except I only see two slices of proper potica), which must be walnut (and walnut only) and may include raisins (it's better with them imho).
Bruhec mi dvigne
I know a number of people who consider building and renovating a hobby
[Other translations] make more sense, well the Voldemort one is reffering to the >!I am lord Voldemort
osaka,
Yes when there is a lot of rain it turns brown because it lifts the mud from the bottom of the river otherwise its green
Yes, you can thank people as a group
Sirov burek
Which makes me itch, because what kind of fillers/by products or whatever do they use instead of pepper??
"Full cool" would be an a bit outdated but standard example of that (means very cool - epic)
any type of nationalism for me basically means hating myself and my family in some way.
Freshly done lobotomy
When I was a kid and played a violin it would cost my parents around 1500€ for a basic violin if there wasn't an option to rent one at music school.
He's a very nice guy, you could meet him in a store and have a normal conversation with him, he even attends random smaller and not so important events to talk to people.
And yet I didn't wake up
Also I have never heard about any Hungarian influences on the Slovene language
Romanians have slavic influence and it's heard in their language
what if they have a flu or something
Besides none of them are even close to entering yet
I ofter mix up the english "mine" and german "mein"/or "is" and "ist".
This sub has been stuck in a hurrr durrr Eastern Europe bad, throw everyone out rut for far too long, by people that have never been close to the border, let alone actually visited the country
Zaragoza for example
Seriously though
If you are ignorant of Slovene history you may as well not comment on it.
Place is friendly to the Brits and inviting of foreign buisnis.
This is just wrong, our percentage of manufacturing in total GDP is very high (
These are correct and need to be protected
The brain, more important than the mouth, is the brain
100km/h
I did not claim that, do not put words in m mouth..
Not an everyday meat but nothing unusual
Slovene doesn't really have swear words
And the wage gap is still visibe now, 30 years later
If you needed help at some subject or if you needed extra work if normal work was to easy then you started some days at 7:10
I also don't think that Croatia or Slovenia would profit from prolonging the war (perhaps attempting to gain more land
(If someone wants to correct me, fell free
And the wonderful zaova, jetrva, svast, dever, čukundeda and so on.
#unaligned
Sometimes the waiting lines are shorter, sometimes the same.
I see you've met the Bear Jew
Sipping Cocta black tonic on Korčula.
I mean, didn't we just elect a completely new party lead by a political new guy.
:D (drinks teran and chuckles)
All have the right to speak italian during mostly slovene-speaking sessions
Atleast you still got ads for [turkmobil]
Noone wants to get killed by a muslim.
is it because its so similar to your place?
We also have some "invader myths", basically myths about various times we were invaded
I don't know what it is, but recently I dared to go against the circlejerk by opposing ban on circumcision.
I would think everybody would be eager to embrace it as a monument of independence, it is a big part of national identity, I mean, Croatians even invented new words to further the differences between Yugoslavian/Serbian language and theirs
Subregion of Savinjska: Stingy, farmers, probably drunk when they are working in their forests, for some reason the worst drivers
Me thinks you're missing the ferry rides.^I ^once ^took ^a ^car-ferry ^from ^Sweden ^to ^Finland ^^Yeah...
What comes under government spending?
At least in a short term i would consider seeking opportunities elsewhere until conditions come back to normal (If they ever will).
In Slovenia the main second language is English (obviously), especially for the younger generations
Is He a Conservative
Office workers as well
That brings the cost of camping up and a lot of times, camping is more expensive than hotels.
If you don't care for a pack of internet, TV, stationary and mobile phones, there is little choice and it is comparatively way more expensive
I'm 1.71m and would definitely notice I'm pretty much looking him in the eyes at the same level (heels and all).
If I remember correctly, I was taught Z with line in primary school, but we were told you can do either
I live alone (since I was 25)  with two cats, support myself financaly and I'm paying off a loan for the apartment
I personally find it funny
A lot of houses use wood as their primary source of heating, it's more common in rural areas
Still exists here, but I'm not sure how popular it is
People in MB are way more arrogant, especially when it comes to football, but at the same time they're nice
The white skin thing and beauty stuff in general is so true
Stop cutting onions, guys
I don't remember too much about them, but I think people tended to get lost to magical entities a lot and only sporadically returned, and there was a mass murder of dog-headed people
Only a madman would accept the quotas.
I don't actually see it as that bad.
now you know  ^we ^need ^more ^land :)
I don't know why Prague, as a capital, is not first think when thinking about Czech towns, could be because I had never visit it, even if someone ask me what is the capital of Czechia I would need a second or two before answer Prague, while Brno and few others I could fire in a sleep
That's a very good description.
scrap high fructose corn syrup and we will.
The biggest centre for that in fact is Koper where our biggest and only commercial port is located
Guess we won't be having a lot of mosquitos in summer...
So you are against Russia sanctions?
Eurospin can fuck off
Fascinating place, really
If you sit on the cold floor in Slovenia you get wolf in the ass.
Sarsina I
That not necessary correlated, though.
You can switch 'for free' then, except they are going to make you pay off all the discounts they gave you
I gotta visit
From this money only a pretty small amount is actually spent on healthcare (idk the exact % but if I am not mistaken it is below 50%) so what is left is pocketed by the private insurance companies
Child needs to trust his parents not fear them he's gonna get hurt if he does something wrong.
Why do they hate Russia
Tumblr links being given gold
The original name was the Kingdom of Slovenes, Croats, and Serbs
I also quite like some of the songs by Beneški fantje, especially because of the clear Italian influence in their music
True in a way, but Bismarck began work on that much earlier
Then you climb carpeted stairs that are glued together with blue tape
People in Slovenia can have 2 first names, but it's not an actual middle name
the capitol and the area you visited is mostly fine (at least the main acces roads).
Because birds, bears, lynx and wolves are more important.
[Yes] The PVV doesn't recruit people to fight for their cause using violence.
If my parents aren't home they just tell them to leave it infront of the house
Isn't that based on Czech alphabet which was based on the Latin alphabet
For you it was probably different
Ok, first of all, Turks are not from anatolia.
When it comes to battles and wars, we must know the date, opposing sides, their leaders, cause of war, triggers and also the results and consequences
[HK Olimpija] for me
I'm supposed to be working
▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒██▒██▒
Friends who know it's fine to go "yo yo my nigga
I bet this is going to make her even more popular.
Omg I'm Slovenian I can understand everything
Don't give them any ideas
also -cl and some -a.
EDIT: I might have worded this a bit too harshly
In some cases there is only a sign for parking in others nothing
Also Space quest, Police quest, King's quest ...
Complimenting is pretty broad and it's the same as in any language, but funnily enough, you would very rarely say "I love you" aka *Ljubim te* in Slovene
It was just a few older comics I manged to get my hands on though.
Now i suppose it also depends what counts as sexual exploitation, someone touching your leg isnt a sexual exploit but some people might view it as such
France especially now holds all the cards, considering they're the last and only EUMS with a military worth a damn
Over here, on Jan 1st, a neighbour comes, brings one of those huge tree mushrooms and lights it on fire.
News about sport - someone will throw in something about corruption.
I live on the outskirts of a population 20000 town and there is visible light polution on the horizon, but I can easily see the Milky way if I only let my eyes adjust
Don't blame us
I am a *Ljubljančan* (from Ljubljana), *Slovenec* (from Slovenia^1 ), *Evropejec* (from Europe) and *Zemljan* (from Earth).
But don't wory, we wont tahe Trst from you.
- Koroška: Funny people, but remote, can't say the letter R.
Only if they are muslims, so its ok actually.
Tho I still attend the church here and there becouse of my grandma when she invites us for a sunday lunch.
In 819 a Lower Pannonia duke by the name of Ljudevit Posavski, led a rebellion against the Franks.
Who'd ever guess that intelligence agencies spy on people?
We have a few and are considered as a last resort for those who aren't good enough to go to a normal university.
They openly encouraged free speech in 1956
- The biggest brewery in Slovenia and also the most popular beer brand (Laško) is brewed in Celje (and is also the better one)
just to clarify, a driver's licence only can't be used to leave the country, even into other EU countries.
He steals from the poor and gives to the rich.
(Serbo)-Croatian due to Yugoslavia and just general similarities
I'll add 1 euro, if it helps :)
My god yes, and not just by elders or family, my peers who are already settled are strangely even more annoying, as soon as a topic turns to marriage, kids, house/apartment or owning land they will always single us, the unmarried or single, childless girls, out
Most European languages already have a short version, so using "Czechia" comes natural to us.
Every time I find some Italian artists, they're really good.
Tldr- It was yes a few months ago but then some pricks submitted a petition to have a referendum on this topic and now it's no.
What's your Western Union account number?
I am not a teacher but this was repeated many times on TV
If someone could prove they severely hinder road safety, maybe.
Sto ce ti visi BDP na papiru ako zivis bolje u stvarnosti.
I can see how Germans wouldn't like it, it is very un-German.
I mean in srdjan i dont see an Đ.
there are no myths about my country as it barely gets mentioned at all.
Come now, are you going to tell me Orban doesnt have a constitutional majorety?
Read it after posting
It's only 2km^2 in size, which is about 5 times the size of Vatican and 30 times smaller than San Marino
Vesel božič!
Well, other than loudly speaking some foreign language, they tend to carry heavy backpacks around.
It is more of a romantic feeling for lost lands :)
Popo's palms are doing very well!
Kranjska kobasica =/= Kranjska klobasa
What was the event that started WWI?
It took me a while to start using 'what' instead of 'how' in cases like these, and I sometimes still make a mistake when speaking if I'm not paying attention
Well, the EU the Brexiteers want to leave has never existed either thus far, and yet that doesn't seem to stop anyone on that side
The difference wasn't that notable between the two major cities
We don't do anything special on Christmas day excpet for visiting family.
People collect WW2 era and nazi stuff a lot
[They were soviet made, equiped in Yugoslavia and remofited with a larger canon in Izrael]
So many memes go over my head ;\_;
Now everything is left vs right though
For basketball, for hockey and all of the sports, they need a lot of room
Well nowadays it's easier to keep a copy in a cloud or mail or something you can access from everywhere, if you're going to a country with sure internet access
Slovenians and the Czkes certenaly didn't start WW1.
The best trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he doesn't exist
Along Slovenian short coast there are the northernmost salt pans in Mediterranean.
And then they usually stay there
People who drink bottled water are considered weirdos
Google says it's been present since 1995 and they have around 100 members, 30 of whom are active.
And during the year, there's the occasional vole to step on in the field.
Slovenian words are replacing many foreign words
I gotta visit
Look man, just the fact that you put evil and partisans in the same sentence is troubling to me.
At least there are weekly and monthy ones available now (which are still pretty expensive, comparative to austria)
I'd have to say Žganci (Ajdovi)
You can also see a huge pile of metal.
We have a yearly [March along barbed wire] to celebrate liberation of Ljubljana
Fredy Miler  So bad it made him a local celebrity
In other words, they got fat
It is rare to see them just wander around residential areas though
Zahod: Slevene west, sunset ; SCBM Toilet
That's on a state level, then you have a germanic minority that used to live in our country until the end of WW2.
Do they do that to Poles as well or is it just in foreign countries
They were naked and barefoot but thought they were in paradise.
To me this is pissing on the graves of those young men
At the end it was revealed that Hungary had been promised a large plot of land near Luka Koper, which lay outside its concession area, but inside the area that is aimed for the port to enlarge in the future (designated by a national planning act for the port)
It's Central European due to culture, history and geography and Western in the sense that it's a first world European country.
Turkey was also invading Syria when it shot down Russian plane and NATO stood by Turkey
Imagine the entire English language along with Scots and various creoles, squeezed inside just 20 thousand km2 - roughly 4% of Spain
As a Slovenian hospitality and friendlines are two words I would use to describe Croatians.
Isnt interrail alredy i ternational?
Also
It is borderline implying the EU will collapse, Europe will be ruled by Anti-Europeans and even that peace in Europe is at risk.
I seriously don't think anything could make France and Germany come together as well as the threat of the Soviet Union to the East.
Looks like 'koline' we have here.
> he's there for money
In rural areas, you wont see them often
Slavs actually created the city.
), to which you're supposed to immediately answer "hvala".
The social norms regarding family life and working woman must further liberalise if countries like Germany, Italy and basically all Central-East Europe wish to achieve sustainable birthrates.
My dad NEEEEEEDED a fucking hose for 10€ from Lidl
Different regions have different traditions and different masks.
No we don't have anything like that
It would take way too many resources for that
Most companies were keept under State control so rapid privatization and destruction of industry would not happen.
Slavic is a linguistic group more so than a cultural one
The brain is much more important
Not at all
Are your nursing homes, kindergartens...
Janez Janša
Parlo cinque lingue e la mia conclusione è che l'italiano è la migliore lingua per poesia.
Hello there kindred spirit
It was hard to understand them when they spoke in dialect.
Ducks are common in the autumn
And no, bigger unit before smaller unit.
4 groups of people who use it
You literally have the best deal in the EU, with all the benefits and without the drawbacks (Schengen and Euro).
It's healthy, because it's balanced, with a high emphasis on fresh, non processed ingredients, lots of vegetables, healthy fats and seafood
Čmrlj can be pronounced \[ˈtʃmə̀rəl\] or \[ˈtʃmə̀rl\]
polish death camps means death camps in poland, not that they were run by the polish
We have newer, Siemens ones, same kind they use in Austria that are far from shit.
Absolutely agree
As a consequence we now have a bark beetle epidemic which will ruin even more.
Didn't think I'd ever shovel that much snow in a day
It's what we call syrup and I don't know what it's called in English.
Millions of people died in Europe for different nations (flags) and since nobody has died for EU one it makes it good thing.
Though looking at Kajkavian grammar on YouTube right now, grammar is quite similar to ours but it still sounds more Croatian to me.
Now all that is left to do is for slovenia to put its alcoholism on the UNESCO list and we are golden.
Btw, I'm from Koper and the port is not a big attractor of new population (at least not from Slovenia xD), It keeps beeing a stable employer though
Hja, eno so imena irl, drugo so izmišljena, pravljična imena
Maybe they should consider a blanket ban on social credit scores and more substantial regulation of mass surveillance
Why would all of a sudden so many people want photos of people around the world as a gift for their loved one?
Then there's sports that are popular in certain regions/towns (obviously also elswehere but on a smaller scale).
In what way is driving a yugo better than a renault or macedes
Yeah but also -3 INT when talking to tech Wizards
Read the link
The religion hate that is spreading has very diferent effects depending on culture
Guten Tag
It's only been 4 months to the new year
I guess Eastern Poland could use some investment
I thought it was burek with cabbage but it's actually burek with spinach
No, there simply isnt many africans in slovenia.
I'm Slovenian and I can confirm that this representation of us is 100% accurate
It'll get better Im sure
Because someone decided ancient Sumeria and Babylon are more important than 20th cenutry history
P.S. Nick the Greek reminds me of Lock, Stock And Two Smoking Barrels :)
Ye, its not that bad as eastern europe.
tbh czechs die/get lost in our mountains too
The last one used to be used when talking to parents or grandparents up to 1940 and is still taught in schools but only because it's in the grammar
There is no pre vote scilence most democratic countries enjoy.
Hehe yeah
The definition of a good system is it's ability to function in the real world.
The United Kingdom will hold a referendum on whether its people want to leave the EU or not.
As an European, I don't mind too much
In Slovenija it's very common
that is very nice of you as a society :)
Most notably the entire village and huge area around Kočevska Reka, which I'd highly recommend as it has some of the most pristine and wild forest in Slovenia, and the mountain Krim, which has become a popular hiking destination for many
Yea but you could say it more politely "bogu za hrbtom", behind God's back
Yes, but it didn't say "people who live in eastern europe" so I took it as possible he meant "people who are from, or have roots from eastern europe" as well.
Universities here work in a different way, this related to most of the European university systems (excluding the English).
Yeah, you'd get all your correct mail
To everybody's dismay, he lived a long and quite unhappy life.
Vitaly Mutko: Russian deputy PM says sex can alter female doping test results
They together with the Nazis started the war and repressed far more people than Nazis themselves!
Basically we do have an extreme left
Inprisoning an inocent man for starters
Iti rakom žvižgat - to go whistle to the crabs - to die.
Pretty sure that's the influence of Italian, since Latin languages do X and a half IIRC
You wouldn't happen to have a source for this
The Postojna Cave
Funnily enough, Palermo is my father's favourite city
But anyway, I always type .si because it's quicker :)
And most importantly, Italians in general seem not to overindulge in the unhealthy stuff and value quality over quantity
Talar - Teller - plate
Adoption waiting line is years.
The UK sacrificed a lot for the war effort, but they didn't do much on the ground war in Europe until Germany's defeat was almost certain.
And now in the new Borat movies he calls Slovenia a "shithole", and uses the story of Melania as a way to frame the story of Borat's daughter
Ever since the war in Afghanistan and Iraq started I wished for US to become isolationist and just leave the rest of the world alone.
Better this than getting towed by a truck.
exectly, Schengen borders should be shut down....
Than they will demand ethical tretment of trees than ...
They're always talking about a country.
I generally don't like that phrase, but this really is some incredible victim blaming.
The main difference is that in most European countries it is extremely difficult to acquire a firearms with the purpose of self-defence and that is what most Americans are talking about when they say "guns are banned". I'm sure, however, that many uninformed believe a total ban is in place and that a civilian can't obtain anything more than a slingshot
male
Does it make her royal twat wet or something?
"iz Slovarja slovenskega knjižnega jezika: drkati -am nedov
No joke, most of the people in my class werent all that nice
We manage something attractive more or less every year
lmao, that's a great troll
He looks really depressed when not doing ok and really happy when doing ok.
Keep up the good work, prjatu
Kolizej was the one that was most well preserved and was used as housing up to 00's. But in late 90's a badly planned renovation caused a small part of one wing to collapse, so it was also later demolished, even though many architects were against that, as it was a important historic monument
They actually have a shit ton of tanks, about as many planes as whole EU, second largest navy, Active draft system and yes enough nukes to end the world.
Usually for money
Sadly yes :( But let us remind ourselves how old is this concept, and how strongly it has been promoted, but those promotions were only holow it turns out.
Go to the forrests 🌲🌳🌲 and fight for freedom.
Back then rightist libertarians simply didn't exist.
Croatia is definetely wrong since it shares the nuclear powerplant with slovenia
Don't know what his name is now, but our teacher calles him Torbar
You're free to find your own sources, I doubt you'll find any.
Former Yugoslavia’s storied properties hit market for millions
Need to get rid of right-wing cunts who are currently in the driver's seat
Imagine their faces when they realize we also have freezers
I put a generator on sleds and almost went down a steep hill a few times.
Our closest language relative is the kajkavian dialect found in Croatia and we have much fewer problems understanding it compared to standard Serbo-Croatian
So Blades of Glory was translated into "Let's masturbate together"
Seen as stupid or naive
Idk why some (Scandinavians and Finns) feel so special about this
blasphemy
Maybe some minorities in Prekmurje but I don’t think anyone else celebrates it
Netherlands is one of the largest EU skeptics, but they've yet to pass up any major integration such as the Euro or Schengen.
“That of Sydney” would incorrectly become “Sydney-ski” or “(I gave it) to John” “John-u”. We have rules for these
I haven't been there for years but it used to be very spooky
SDS our currently largest party with most seats in parliament, is always in opposition, members are mostly descendants of WWII home guards and Nazi who wants justice for post WWII killings, condemning the post WWII government etc
Well yeah Biden's not exactly a saint by any measure but definitely the lesser evil of the two
If parents are really close friends they might stay for a few minutes but not much more than that
Austria is out of the question for this would be a breach of its constitution and the Austrian treaty.
It's a either draw or nuclear annihilation for everyone
emigration is now moving to south europe.
From the archeological eras until the modern times
Also post a short translation or description, so we know what it's about.
For what it's worth as much as I like a lot of things about russia my opinion is totally opposite of my fellow countryman above us.
In Bosnian bakery I received odd look with sayin "Pečen je bolji" baked is better
Ususaly depends on the season rathern than actual temperature.
Finding CP's on a map, night time orienteering
You dress warmly and don't walk too close to the sea.
secondly, this happened in 🇩🇪, cant you people keep your atreets safe from naled Danis lunatics?
One
Lol best flair by far
In fact, a lot of my friends also use old rusty bikes without gears since new shiny bikes are frequently stolen
There's 50 countries here and not two are the same.
He gives out oranges, dried fruits and chocolates.
We say češpovi njoki as in plum filled gnocchi
"It's grated hard cheese, same shit" is what they think.
I must say I don't trust these filter machines and suck.
A couple of border changes with its counterpart, the kingdom of Hungary, and Fiume (Reka) was now part of Hungary.
I don't know where he got that from.
Next election remember this and don't vote for the same people!
Should the cost be placed upon everyone or like it is now onto those that use the train
But doesn't Google do anything about it?
Hold up
They can adopt abroad, just not as a couple in Slovenia.
Yep, I think this just about sums it up.
Corruption
But since ximas in Russia is on the 6th of january, that doesnt make much sense, so Дйод Морозов now comes on th New Year celebration.
Can you see a single 2000+meter peek from it?
Illo F
They have different lockers now but idk how they use them
Werent the irish ontheir side during WW2?
I love our dual form:
"I will drop out of France president race if investigated" - Francis Fillon
EU alarmed by Russian meddling in Balkans
Well a lot of people from the village I live in actually descend from the help
Avsto-Ogrska
People are more shocked that we eat horses
Over here it's usually expected to answer your work phone when the boss calls, even though you're not at work
Well, technically in 1991, but Slovenia first became an entitiy in 1918 with the founding of State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs, which then joined Kingdom of Serbia
Especially towards the people from 'down south'.
Oh, so the rabbit is in that bush than, I see.
Useful knowledge should one end up in prison
It starts in the morning and takes 8 hours so you'll waste the whole day on it.
The food between the northeast and southwest of Slovenia is as different as the food between Italy and Poland, and we're tiny
But also the holocaust began just as a bunch of stupid prejudices, that someone started to exploit for political gain
In Carantania it was Krnski grad (Karnburg)
To me it's kinda funny, because in slovenian it's called Češka and everybody calls it that
Osrednje slovenska
I would soooo love to be a part of such exploration
Every time they want to build something there will be tons of environmentalists and just ordinary people being vocal about it.
Russia's previous control is the one "argument" the vast majority of people throws around (even though it's also explicitly wrong for a chunk of what they tend to classify as "Eastern Europe")
During the winter the most popular sports are skiing (slalom) and ski jumping.
Some dialects of Slovenian also do this (as described above), but it's not standard.
He looks like a South American soap opera star
), to which you're supposed to immediately answer "hvala".
Mostly pregnant or hurt
As of now, Eurostar is the only train service between the UK and the Continent.
Aulla F
The apartment building im curently livin i.
I don't care about ski jumping
If you're talking about the narrow grey ones, they're still here but the only ones using them are the 1st years
You won't hear many people speaking in the Istrian dialect in Portorož (or Novigrad I'm guessing), but the "pokrajinski pogovorni jezik" with some aspects of the dialect.
You can also do volounteer work and get extra.
I love nothing more than a good protest against corruption.
he said:"your pensions will be at least 1000€ if you vote for me!
Slovenes were mostly rural folk who lived in the surrounding villages, so you could say that the current border is pretty fair in that regard.
**Motocross** is gaining popularity after Tim Gajser won the world championship.
The number really nails it
I think ink for left handed pens dries quicker but it's been a long time since I was in school
em, night-life stay dirt cheap for the foreseeable future.
Both ignore smaller states because victory is not worth the effort (and expense)
For example, I always pay my phone bill with a 3 week delay, if it's due on the 14th, I'll usually pay early next month
Both times we spent so much time on Ancient History, the Middle Ages and the early modern period that we had run out of time by the time we reached the 20th century
Better to aim to do it in first term, just to be sure
No one thinks it's anything special
Then you can return through Logatec, or what I like to do, turn to Zaplana, to cut few kilometres off and continue to Vrhnika and back to Ljubljana.
**2 stola**
Črnomelj is a hell hole, Metlika at least has some potential but it's still one big ruin
Same for Finnish, but I like the language more because of the elvish flavour
I'm gonna use this now to scare foreigners, thanks for the idea :D
BUT you don't want to tweet out an image that you're doing that.
Former prisoner, vigorous retweeter of far right content, devout communist (even the communist party didnt accept him, he was too radical) who turned against 'communists', he can not explain some of his wealth (hmhm), a part of the Patria scandal, where all of the acters from other countries went to jail or were found guilty and i could go on really
I must say that Italian dubbing industry is incredibly good.
hah
Most of the buildings in the album look neo-classical (apart from the ancient theatre) so I dare to say they were build during the reign of Austrians.
They just send them sick to school/kindergarten after those 3 days
Aren’t the protests in PL pro abortion, not anti ?
If he lives in Maribor and works in Ljubljana he'll get like 300€ for transportation alone
> Generic guide book be like
In any case [Union's radler] is quite popular, particularly the grapefruit version
Well, let's start off with the most mainstream tourist place in Slovenia, [Lake Bled] I live 20 minutes from this place and we go for a swim there a few times a week.
Still kinda doesn't matter, because when people say Balkan they think of cultural borders not actual "scientific terms" as you say
You can eat it instead of popcorn lol
Thry not to do that next time, call ahead or use main crosiings, those in the woods are where the police rest :P
I don't think US is a desirable country to live in to an average person.
Don't you call them serbs
But in general, no
I need a good drinking buddy after class
And machines that fit that description will make way worse coffee than a moka pot.
And I'd do Korčula instead of Hvar.
Director on national public health was seen mulitple times with out the mask, few ministers that have been tested positive go about all willy nilly
Started 50% of world wars and blamed 100% of those on Germany
I like diversity of landscape and the landscape itself.
Depends on the crowd you hang with man
This "border dispute" is just an opportunity for politicians to engage in dick-measuring contest whenever their popularity slips.
The difference between the terms "dialect" and "language" more or less always depends on politics
Carry on with everything as if it's just another day.
A lot of people here speak and comprehend italian, but not many actually speak it at home and in their everyday life
so we have an output of one good movie per 3
-_-
If by any chance you have some experience with it let me know.
Think Charles Bukowski
Dubrovnik is crowded, way too crowded, but beautiful.
Facemasks have been gone for over a month
it somewhat feels familiar if you are from Western Europe already.
We all know on reddit we are all goody 2 shoes who would like common wealth to everybody BUT if you were SOMEHOW the 2nd man in the office with an offer of 100
Not once did someone think I'm Russian.
There are a lot more, but I can't remember them now
Next year Finland will have been independent for 100 years.
Footage of the accident is shown during the film's ending credits.
It's fine to stop and taste their "Kremšnita" (local pastry), but despite it being the most well-known Slovenian tourist place, trust me when I say that Bohinj blows it out of the water (try the local "Grmada" pastry there :)
Talked to a Romanian friend as she was completely surprised we eat it as beef or pork meat
We have seen this in erlier wars by many countries.
The politicians who jump ship will do anything leadership tells them to so they can keep their jobs, they have no real ideology.
Does [this] beautiful glorious thing answer the question
>  all fur coat and no knickers
For music, if you don't listen to the lyrics, what's considered the typical Slovenian and Austrian national music is virtually identical
>One of the first reforms in order is getting rid of the EC:
I'd recommend you to watch a bit less Nova24tv, and actually read some history
The source site seems a bit too politically orientated for me to say they are non-biased.
I'm not saying the map is right but if we assume it is I guess it is because people live in small villages instead of towns and cities.
Some areas by the Croatian border have some similirities with Croatian regions, Koroška ( Carinthia/Kärnten) is very Austrian like, karst region again, has their own custums, so does Goriška Brda, coastal area and so on.
In the 50's and 60's lots of Arab countries were openly socialist and progressive.
Why do you call Vienna Beč when it's actually Wien?
Francia would also be studied quite a lot
Yea but as far as i know he was half slovenian
During the daytime, bikes don't get stolen so easily, but a good looking new bike will probably not survive a night unsurveilled on any public space
We had some scandals, but they were contained inside the country
Slovenia is very diverse naturally and culturally
I guess I wanna die
I would just like to point out that in the specific case that you mentioned the doctors were not sentenced for abusing their job at the public hospitals but because they were bribed in order to secure contracts for the delivery of certain medical materials on behalf of the hospitals
Stare is 15 year old trapped inside a grown man's body
The rest of the country is a bit better off than us.
Aglio e olio
*checks foundations of geopolitics suspiciously*
If I’d speak with Slovenians or Austrians, I would tell them that I’m from Lower Styria but if I‘d speak to other people, I would say that I’m Slovenian
2.7% is good for a country with no population growth
Lake Bohinj is a popular starting point for hikes in the TNP and a nice natural site on its own.
Because traditions
Well similar with solar, maybe there are more places for solar but  the output would negligible
I don't need more photos of that shit!
We're an ex mining region, the language here was same as people, rough.
Because the country is leaving the union.
Other than Slovene, we have two official languages: Hungarian and Italian.
Let's see if the anger is not only going to last couple of days
The number is even higher than what i first said
cefizelj (literature origins)
We’re culturally and historically very close to Austria as we were part of it for centuries
They are thieves
Are you really calling me a christian fundamentalist?
And I can't say they qualify as homeless since they live in gypsy villages, either legal (in the region known as Prekmurje) or illegal (most of Lower Carniolan villages; they set up on privately-owned land).
Res se niste o njih učili pri Geografiji?
We agree that the US did the stuff
I much prefer the rain to 27°C heat
Not that there's any kids to adopt in Slovenia.
Where does Bosnian wife hide money from drunken husband - In a book
And some people were mentioning "slavic food".
Drkati is very old expression for skating - more then 100 years from its use, but even then expression drsati was much more common
Everyone in Slovenia will spit the name out if you ask them this question
Where did jews come into the argument
Millions (well, thousands) of men were willing to fight and die for their feudal lords and gods, but I have yet to encounter a man in year 200 AD who's willing to do so for something as nebulous as the United Kingdom
In Slovenia, we can stay at a café/restaurant for *hours* and the staff won’t bother us
Is it because of the German influence
Janša is trying to portray all media that arent't Nova24 (TV station owned by Janša's party), Reporter or Demokracija (right-leaning newspapers) as left-lening, which is just not true and which is part of his political discourse aimed at discredt anyone who tries to criticize him
Time to brush up my türkçe :D
I ment the backlash of the public
Because they generalise Europe as one country.
Well of course it didn't work, at least against Germans
I'm not talking about the dodgy tent camps, basically build cities and provide a safe place, healthcare and education in these places.
Homelessness has been on the rise in most European countries.
It was one of the founders of the Non-aligned movement of countries not obsessed with the nuclear and/or space dick measuring contest (because they couldn't afford it)
If you can kindly leave Slovenia out of that shit would be nice.
At that age they mostly do nursery rhymes, musical plays and songs with simple melodies.
Brave
Croatia for the beaches
If I look widely at the history of Slovenia, history of Slovenian poople, and history of the territories that Slovenians inhabit today in the wide sense
Putin just landed in Slovenia on an offitial visit.
I've been to Ljubljana, Zagreb, Paris and London.
- prva moška sklanjatev (korak, -a)
Most missing kids go missing because they run away.
Plus I despise these competitions and fans who put up with horrendous behaviour just to enjoy a sport
They are defiant when attacked, but that's expected
I never said it was to be ignored.
tokyo,
You are not retarded
For last two years, my dentist asked me to come more often to exchange the old fillings that were beggining to lost function
What I absolutely didn't understand, though, is why we didn't learn more about the way the war had affected people
As a woman there are perves anywhere in the world but overall Slovenian cities are very safe
-Cultural Eastern Europe is mostly similar to political EE, it being Slavic countries
Special entry test before university are only for certain faculties like architecture, film, art and for these faculties some students visit classes to prepare for entry tests
Nah, both Belarus and Ukraine had dozens of thousands of red partisans (Belarus more than Ukraine), so USSR clearly had some popular support.
That predates the civil war by centuries
Predvčerajšnjim: Day before yesterday
No good food like Doritos, we have no Spotify, I don't know were to find Persona 5 royal, no foreign food
There was a guy asking in r/slovenia about this
I would disagree
I think in first 2 or 3 grades we had a locker room
Thanks u/Big_Dirty_Piss_Boner
I'll say for my part that in my region of Slovenia you'd be hard pressed to find more than around 10% people agreeing with electing Trump over Hillary, I do live in a very left leaning working class region though.
Oooh that changes a lot
We all have them unfortunately.
Sory to bake it to you pall, but that is not a democracy.
I agree
Yeah a friend of my grandmo4her was asked "Are you, or have you ever been a member of a communist organisation" when he visited America in the 70s i think.
I'll take Moscow over Washington any day
And I don't consider myself a Slovenian.
Laibach, probably
100 - sto
I had to dig deep to find it but I'm not sure if it's the most popular one.
Joining the EU requires all neighboring states to give consent, and it provides an opportunity that all the matters which one or the other side did not want to resolve previously, get resolved now.
I love how it looks
These satellites are in geostationary orbit, well over Shuttle's range.
Celovec(Klagenfurt) was/is also very important for Slovenians
Extrajudicial executions
You could totally rule any discipline that doesn't contain too many Poles or Russians
Are they
Novo Mesto (meaning New City) is one of the oldest settlements in the region but it got its name in the 14th century
Isn't that every table in Austria then
Still haunts me
You can even swim to the island (but don't underestimate the distance).
153 km (3h42) = 9
The doctors union went on strike because they have to work 80h weeks and cant get pay raises, there are not enouth doctors for anything ect.
Oh, please, do not apologize
If it weren't, then there wouldn't be such a big deal about it
It was continously also reported that informal talks were put in place about how could we "return the favor" to Hungary
The English translation is especially shitty.
My dad NEEEEEEDED a fucking hose for 10€ from Lidl
Cumin is a very important ingredient in ours.
I live in second biggest city
In 2002, only 83% of the population was declared Slovene in the census (and most of the rest was immigrants from other Yugoslav republics) so of course I'm including that.
I live in a town that blew up when they have found coal, now the town is a shithole with 100's or even up to a 1000 people moving away to Ljubljana every year
Sippola F
its our premier, wannabe trump, shutting down news agency and we still have ~26% positive rate for more than 2 weeks, going nowhere
Ali zato milosljivi anđeo čuva ovce.
eh its from Bosnia, you can probably buy half the store with a sheep and 3 old Deutsche Marks
Not sure about Latin languages
We also say kladivo and nakovalo for anvil
hush, your stupidity and lack of geographical knowledge is showing.
Maybe it was due to Corona anyway, the panic had already begun at the time
Slovenians were embargoed by Serbs just out of spite (according to Slovenia) and had to leave the federation or they'd starve to death
I think there were similar cases regarding MKO members arrested in EU as well
Edit:
They are probably damaged
Did you have to file a request?
Merkur is selling groceries
arent you known to be deathly quiet in the saunas
But why bother recycling if they just burn everything in the end?
You should educate the pour soul
Is this the same one that was featured in Alexander Dumas's book, The Vicomte de Bragelonne (3rd book in the d'Artagnaan series, also known as The 3 mousquetaires)?
I don't think there's a direct train from Moscow to Pyongyang.
I mean I wouldn't *support* it, but I wouldn't protest it.
New permanent outdoor photography exhibition
Residents of that town go over the border to a much smaller Slovenian town of Nova Gorica with 3 shopping centres
Im simply saying poland realy cant count as good relations with the slavic world.
I just realized that's where 'Tetra' probably comes from!
Oh what a surprise: your posting history is a long list of hate.
Is it just me or do all three sound like they wouldn't be out of place going on an adventure together
Slovenian parliament toughens law to prevent migrant influx
So what's the reason for this opinion among those 20% young folk?
Yea, same
They learn about world religions from an objective point of view
Well, Germany is still brutal when it comes to protecting its interests even with "fellow EU nations" to the east and south, but at least it's not slaughtering people this time, so that's progress
Exactly, I imagined him as a black fat scarecrow
▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒██▒██▒
[Žolca]
The car cant figure out wether to die or exelarate.
But the only one that can turn violent is football and even that its because of the hooligans
The switch is not on the same date here and US.
What would Israel say if NATO asked them nicely to use one of their airbases?
First you say you feel more connected to Germanic language group, then you say you don't feel as connected to Switzerland than to Finland which does not speak a Germanic language.
I do, however, find it easier to spot some other nationalities, for example Italians or nationals of some ex-Yugoslav countries
Well if what you are saying is true they definitely don't represent the majority.
Basically our originl PM stepped down right before corona came so we ended up with an extreme right government most people did not want, just as corona hit
At least that's how things go here.
Kindergarten is now in the dorm itself.
It seems to be impossible to pronounce for English speakers and I'd prefer they made up a name they could say
What symbolic thing does one have to do to be considered a "true" national of your country?
" - "Am I speaking Chinese
But maybe that's because I don't like plums and would throw a fit as a kid if I saw a plum inside instead of an apricot or a strawberry
[Here you go for the cream cake recipe :\)]
Our media continuously reported (for a few years continuosly) that Hungary will directly invest in the new rail link between Koper and Divača (I think the contribution was intended to be around 300-400 million euro out of the total 1,2 billion cost), which is currently under construction
Let's see
I don't know who is the owner of infrastructure and I don't think it is as much of an issue as forcing the packet deals
How did they end up in EU is beyond me
Plenty of North Africans here in the Netherlands with similar and not-so similar things
Good point
People living on benches in a park in Shinjuku.
If it's someone's birthday we'll sometimes sing "Kol'ko kapljic, tol'ko let, Bog nam daj na svet živet...' (As many as there are (wine) drops, God give us as many years to live) while holding wine glasses.
Župa - Suppe - soup (though this one may be french)
These threads give me such a nostalgia trip.
Not that it matters, we got used to it
Shopping centres are regularly open on Sundays.
Andrews, Scotland
Like their situation won't change until the source from where the government gets the money changes
We were hundreds of years under German rule, there had to be some consequences
It was a hot day, 28-30°C. I only took a dip, the water was way to cold to swim in
We do the same with women's surnames, although *only* when just the surname is mentioned.
It comes from bisaga - a type of a bag
> I wasnt fluent in french though, so it was hard making friends and got a bit lonely
I would agree, my boyfriend and I use about 50€ per week on groceries although when we were really cautious and frugal and mindful of all special offers we managed to get that to 30€ per week
The motto of the against campaign was actually "It's about the children!" because they claimed gay people will now adopt kids and that's really bad.
Its the matter of self-preservation, EU will do all it can to "punish" UK for leaving.
P.S: Are they Russian made
Actually since Janša took power again, he has been engaging in endless twitter wars with slovenian and even foreign journalists
At the time, that smartphones were getting big
Editing a person out and replacing it with some fake background breaks that trust.
Samo, Valuk, Borut, Gorazd, Hotimir, Kajtimir, Valjhun, Vojnomir, Domislav, Pribislavka, Semika, Stojmir, Etgar, Ljudevit, Ratimir, Pribina, Kocelj, Braslav, Helmvin, Albgarij, Pabon, Karlman and Arnluf
Old slovenian name for februar is svečan.
Yep
We couldnt leave municipaty, all bussines except grocery stores were clossed, we couldnt go to the doctor unless it was an emergency
War of the roses and the spanish war
Every village has its own dialect
some still see communism behind the every tree and gather political points for "finding them".
Yugoslavia wasn't a satellite state nor a USSR state.
Daher wurde sie die
I can't think of many explicitly ugly cities, but Jesenice is the worst I've seen in Slovenia
Its not that russia can't be resisted without USA.
Torture some 80yo or harass his children or grandchildren, people who had nothing to do with it?
But other than that, as we say here in Slovenia, "Balkan" isn't a place, nor is it a thing
Not to mention that the Prekmurje "dialect" has historically been a separate literary language in its own right and is still the de facto language of education, business, and everything else in Prekmurje
I think nobody drinks from taps in public places.
I've always associated cheers with Australian English in the Cheers mate/Steve Irwin way
They're good quality, nothing wrong with them.
So the vast majority of times (first 3 groups), the usage is perfectly fine, unless the (semi)black person in question is offendable like an Afro-American
Especially in free-market economy.
Source
Tho I do believe a peceful reanexation is in order.
Ce nc druzga, je relativno mirno
Why
Interestingly enough, it's not even a hot topic, but probably once a year there's a report of someone shooting their spouse with a legally obtained gun.
- Anything that would be related to transport and transport industry is not in Ljubljana
To less extent brown bear and wolves.
I'm serious
Gorden Kaye: 'Allo 'Allo!'s Rene Artois dies aged 75
It seems we still haven't broken our all-time record though, in 1950 they measured 40.6C in Slovenia.
Small lasagna with spinach is actually quite good
Also, you're forgetting that the world would take sides
You basically have to learn another language if you don't want to be stuck in one place your whole life
Things like [smoki] [Cocta] [Pingo] [Viki krema] [Kekec pašteta]
Half of Zagreb is not even in the Balkans
But Polish, Bulgarian, Russian
Slovenians don't post memes
Along with Slovenia, Croatia, Albania, Moldova, Belarus, the UK and Ireland.
Austria basically got their entire country by germanising the Slovenes
The wikipedia page says the net average is well over 2000€. Slovenia has an average of around 1200
Krst pri Savici(Baptism at the Savica river) written by France Prešeren, is our national epic
Simply wanted to share with you this bad-ass anthem.
Although generally speaking, i'd say anything above 35° is very hot, 30° - 34° is hot, 26° - 29° is warm, 20° - 25° is nice and perfect, 16° - 19° is also very nice (just not t-shirt and shorts kind of nice), 10° - 15° is chilly, 1° - 9° is cold, and -9° to 0° is very cold
Affirmative action in Russia
Lake Jasna Slovenia
It's just too speciffic for it to be so common.
It doesn't constantly rain, but when it does, it rains heavily.
No way it would happen
We learn about world religions in 'Civic education and culture and ethics' class
Slovenia is with you
But isn't that rightful French clay anyway?
How many milion was the difference?
der die Beutelratte wiederbrächte, eine Fangprämie
I'd say it's neutral in the sense that most people would probably be undecided between the two.
I'm surprised how often this is used
I can't say how it's across EU, but in Slovenia milk is pasteurised by UHT (ultra high temperature) that destroy majority of bacteria and enclosed in a sterilised container.
'Slavic Brotherhood' drills underway in Serbia
**zdravje** (health) - in Slovene and other Slavic languages the same meaning, often used to cheers by saying “na zdravje” meaning “to the health
that is actually a really fucking good idea.
I don't want to destroy any country
In Slovene context, I would say they could be compared to the Slovene Democratic party as a "basic" conservative party, to the New Slovenia party when it comes to religion and tradition and to the Slovene People's party when it comes to the support coming from the more rural, agriculturally oriented voters.
They are considered an official minority even though you'd say they are Slovenes.
To be honest, grandma's doughnuts without any filling are the best.
This ^
It's not a pop song, but probably the best example for me is Hands Held High by Linkin Park
I heard it is hard to get alcohol.
Does any country have chicken laws?
Giving them your railways for example.
Especially now that upcoming US leadership seems to be openly hostile towards EU.
And the second someone didn't agree with you, you reduce me to a stereotype widely used for ridicule.
It is pronounceable to a Slavic speaker, but it looks like someone bumped his head against the keyboard when written down.
Agreed, but I wouldn't call it a problem - rather a requirement brutalist architects seem to disregard in many cases.
Couldnt they just leave and than bother with that later?
I mean we were killing each other for thousands of years so my bet is not on the less violent by nature part.
I have also been to Sango Sands, a really really beatiful beach but no one swam there
Obligatory Eastern European answer: "Must be Gipsys, then."
Well, traveled trough western Hungary and it was quite hilly here and there
I think they still do
The chances are very low
Well that explains a lot
While Rules for rulers is very clear how politics work, in the book they are written on world examples - Liberia, Zimbambwe, Bell's town in California, Iraq etc
I would soooo love to be a part of such exploration
with a photographer's eye for amazing high views of the city
Believe it or not, he could have ended the war before his second term was up, but he would have lost the position if he would
Probably a maid in a local chateau
Sunny side up egg extra topping is very popular.
We are supporting you in your decision.
I'm a bit older than the rest of my compatriots here but I'll start the ball rolling with [Leopold Suhadolčan] and his excellent Specs and Goggles, Master Detectives book, that one sticks in my memory still, he had a ton of other juvenile fiction too.
Sastamala F
Figured it was perhaps different in Switzerland who is not part of the European Union.
no backbone, or unique national or personal style
In that case it should be something like 50% for Slovenia.
I guess Libertarianism is a new form of classical liberalism?
Кой ме мрази на Курланд ми ще лази
No, both are lacking in the modern society.
Offend as much people as possible :P use товарищ XD
+ corruption, money disappearing thru bogus purchases into private pockets
but there isn't anything major
That and us living together for about 1000 years means every slovenian settlement has a german name
I wish Italian music was better known here.
Then Mandarin (which would also give me rough knowledge for reading other languages which use the same characters),
We generally use the bread crumb and sugar topping with a bit of cinnamon on top
Right now Slovenian craft beer scene is blooming and we don't have just two of them.
Stari (dude)
When I worked as a special needs assistant the school I worked in had Czech exchange studentS and they had fricking Crocks, sandals and even foam sliders as slippers
Pakistan could have 10000000million conscripts, west is still the cultural, economic and military king.
His views would not go down well today though.
([same as in many other languages] and it's considered very rude to use the T-forms when you should be polite.
A politician went to the store and stole a sandwich as a "social experiment" to see if he would get caught or not
> Because let's be honest here for a moment - it's not a different country, it's just a trick we play on Hungary and Austria
We actually have amazing page hribi
Don't worry, we actually hate Americans.
Edit: Sorry, but, I don't see any data on book sales or anything like that, just reading habits and library membership
A constant bombing of their cities, yes, but there wasn't any Stalingrad, Leningrad etc.
And for some reason we seem to have a good amount of worlds best ultra distance runners/bikers/skiers/swimmers.
Jingis Can
What does Moloch mean in this context
in my part of the country (up north) I never saw anyone.
Well, some of it, I want actual music, not over-commercialized stuff, so I'm picky.
I think it has a lot to do with the centralist model around which the french state and the french nation developed
Oh no I gotta wait a week for the winter holiday
That video is just another clickbait, that regurgitates facts and "facts" about the city that every other blogger posted about the city before
Especially among younger population, women, and foreigners.
You could try being a little less dramatic, you know.
Thechnicaly correct, but it just so happens that in Islam that happens far more often than with any more religion
Yes, my co-worker who has family in Bosnia told us we have to order 'pita' not burek when we went on a trip to Bosnia
But Marion, on the other hand, is a an attractive young female.
Spanish
Warm: 18-24
You see, a pint is a completely pointless measurement.
Yea, but you don't excommunicate just by not attending church.
The worst that I remember happened in a neighbouring apartment building.
And the Soviet advance into Germany.
Classic bullshit without any facts.
In the good old days people would get the 13th pay check.
In winter I usually wear warm slippers, otherwise socks only (or barefoot in summer).
The majority of Europeans have a couple percents of Neanderthal DNA.
Italy, Croatia, Austria and Germany are the ones I visit the most.
Sure the enployer has to aprove your vacation in advance, but you have to be able to use your vacation days guaranteed by the state.
Jap that's the one, you know the Balkan no blood no fun
Do the MPs offer one of their own or a party member or do candidates apply themselves and the Parliament votes on them
**Italians** - non parlo Inglese, loud, unorganised, chill, romantic, always dressed nice, still a lot of fascists by the border
*Mesec* should only be used in a poetic way
Is it the people or the land you want to shake off
And lots of other people helping
shoes dont care about feet, people do
Yeah I was thinking, that the wolves probably concentrated where all the sheep are.
I usually answer that I'm from here
Cattle of Europe: Swiss chocolate cow
Well there is this other thing.
Unless they count nagging all the time as a crime.
Yes i also dont see the connection.
I mean the land of the Slovenka :P
Isnt the point to count with the stresses?
They're definitely closer culturally than Afghanistanis (if I give an extreme example), but still not the same
What I'm saying is that in colloquial usage, people use England and people use Eastern Europe, not that precise words don't exist
People in Balkans working together for common goal
Turkey was also invading Syria when it shot down Russian plane and NATO stood by Turkey
I do a lot of writing in English, but commonly check Google Translate for words I knew yesterday
Mmmm ni je čez Ljubljano
I don't hate Eurovision, I just don't like 90% of songs that are there and always absolutly hate the winners
I don't think I know anyone who's ever tasted it
Shanghay pact, BRICS, maybee EEU but i doubt it
What WW3
To je užitek k srečati tebe
You just have to pump the water out faster than it can get in.
The US spent $1 trillion in today's money to prevent the Soviet Union from taking over the rest of Europe eventually, be it ideologically or by force, which would most likely have tipped the balance in communism's favor
We have a cross and most people have one too.
We have a glorious law stating that it is up to the bureaucrat taking the name to judge if the name might be morally, socially or otherwise unacceptable
First 4 grades we had a shared space for coats and shoes and seperate drawers for notebooks, inside the class
You know what i would do with that kind of money....
5 cool
They often find solace and male camaraderie lacking in their daily lives in online communities where they can quickly get radicalized
A bit embarassing when you crash into one, but still good fun.
That said, there are lots of hunters in our country, those are seen as normal and common.
I guess older generations learned Serbo-Croatian in school
Actually they do, to Italy and Austria for clothes and furniture stuff as we don't have IKEA in Slovenia yet.
Poor guys have to live in a flat plains
I always say hello to people passing by in mountains, but that's rare for me, because I don't go to mountains that much
Eventually NATO bombed Belgrade into submission and 25 years later, here we are with SLO and CRO in the EU, BiH, SRB, MNG, and NMK outside, and with jokes floating around (in Slovenia) that once all the former Yugoslav republics are in the EU, the EU will probably collapse, since there is no force that can keep a union with all of us in it alive
To be honest it even confuses me.
> I'm pretty sure it's common opinion
We're a country of 2 million
LMAO
for natural disaster if your life, health or property is in danger 3 days
Some are quite impressive, like Jeruzalem (there is some legend that the crusaders loved it so much they called it that when they passed the place, but I've no idea how true that might be) or Nebesa (Heaven)
Italy is a founding member of the EU and its 3rd most populous country if you don't count the UK.
,right
You really, really don't know what atrocities they committed, don't you?
Once you cross the Mura river, you're in Prekmurje, and there I'd recommend you drive to just about any village guesthouse and sample a local bograč (goulash), dödöli (potato thing) and prekmurska gibanica (local pastry)
Wait, you've spent 7 days in Barcelona without seeing a single British tourist?
Germanic states wouldn't like it, but why should everything always be suited to their liking and not everyone else's?
I bought my pencil case back two or three times.
*a handful of unaccountable corporations
Never heard of it before but good to know!
Where do you get that
Ah yes, bribing the electorate.
Hurt I don't know
It's a pain if you are not used of toll booths.
I'm guessing this is his main account and he is trying (and failing) to keep it somewhat civil, unlike his old alt account "Kontaktni centar".
But we don't have those kind of bread here!
(plural or formal)
Fourth, another war with the USSR right after the cessation of the greatest global conflict is hardly a good outcome
Hottentottenstottertrottelmutter genannt
depends on what part of Eu are you talking about?
- Štajerska: Always drunk, farmers, inberds, however generally happy
I feel like I'm going crazy when I read things online or participate in discussions
I can post a pdf link once I get off the toilet
Corn, Beets, and Spinach are all wind fertilizing for example
I do not know how strange it is this, but it is definitely unusual
Merci beaucoup mon ami belgique.
Putin is a right wing liberal who absolutely hates leftists.
It was used as a geographical term way way waaaaaay before as a cultural/political term.
Here are mostly Serbians/Bosnians in their BMWs with open windows and loud turbo folk music
Ohcet - Hochzeit - wedding
Names are also something that is different from one culture to another.
If I remember correctly, a national epic or something (not certain about the translation) is considered a genre and most nations have it
" attitude to WW2 and immediate post war period
To be fair, this is because when you talk about collecting rainwater, what Americans do is set up huge rainwater collecting lakes that let one guy control all the water in a huge area because instead of that water flowing to other people's property so that, you know, they don't turn into deserts.
One of [our bears] that was sent to a sanctuaty in Romania was bullied to death by one of your bears :(
I will step ahead and argue that Slovene is much more similar to Slovak than Croatian or any other south Slavic language.
But yeah, you're right about the east-west question
I mean if your not for left politics here and you are very vocal, you easily get downvoted to oblivion.
Germans really are everywhere, went to Bali last year, met some German that was on a 2 month trip in every hostel
Lip service and older people only in my experience.
Turkish coffee with a little milk
The first rock concert in North Korea
I seriously doubt that the UK government hasn't been doing this already.
I learned English by shitposting like a pro for years.
But me - I would choose the 2nd biggest city Maribor
It certainly doesn't look like it here
I'm of the opinion that religion shouldn't need a mediator between you and the divine ...
Pranks in the hood [GONE WRONG][GONE SEXUAL?]
We were all sitting on beds, not wanting to move because everything was so disgusting
The same developer did Marlow Briggs and the Mask of Death which is apparently pretty good.
In Slovenia we usually call them Nemci, but rural folk call them Švabi most of the time (at least in my region).
For me it's really more about practicality because ID can always be with you in the wallet but passport is too big
Bicycling is also not that common for every day use, one of the reason is poor cycling infrastructure.
Having family from Belgrade Serbia and Sarajevo and Tuzla in Bosnia, reading threads like this is really hard
/r/mixedrace understands
Edit: to clarify, i live on the Slovenian coast, which is by far the warmest part of the country, especially in winter (on average more than 5° warmer than the rest of the country)
Our history is very rich bur it's hard to rebel against austria when you are so small
That's horrendous lol
Yes, "free wales" protestors
Yeah you are right I shouldn't exactly call her corrupted, but my point is you can't hold moral high ground while doing some shady shit behind the curtains for the benefits.
Kolizej was the one that was most well preserved and was used as housing up to 00's. But in late 90's a badly planned renovation caused a small part of one wing to collapse, so it was also later demolished, even though many architects were against that, as it was a important historic monument
UN peace-keeping forces to preserve the result.
Germany is really important for our economy so lots of job posting is stating German as a necessity or as an advantage.
Here many people believe law enforcement should be the only ones to be trusted with firearms as if they are somehow better than the rest of the population
By recent poling over 60%wantssucesion while ower 80%wants more authonomy.
Trubar
What’s the reason for Norway being so low
1) A part of Great Britain
They were against it when it mattered to us.
Yeah, but in this case there is no schwa.
All of Europe is crowded in August.
I'll ask it out for 2dl of juice ;)
Let me tell you a joke
We dont even have regions
So yes, there are people who look everything up.
It's not a pop song, but probably the best example for me is Hands Held High by Linkin Park
Yea, it's certainly not talked about it enough to mark it as an 'unpopular plan'.
I absolutely don't want to take anything away from the Holocaust, but while 6 million Jews died, 30 million Slavs died in WW2 and nobody really cares
*a handful of unaccountable corporations
You'd have to get extremely unlucky to experience actual racism in Slovenia beyond the retard group mentioned above
Young heeeearts be freeee tonight
So, just that Montenegro was part of Serbia then, nothing more, nothing less, nothing how it came about that.
Drog - > kntlabr - > pole
Of course things can be adopted if people working on these things know it's gonna work for their country even if they have to do some minor adjusting.
How come it didn't happen when it happened everywhere else?
At least we got a longer coastline now
2 phones, TV and 100/20 Internet for 83€.and you get that speed.
It was kind of sad to read their posts.
I can only assume they did this to make the series easier to sell in the US.
And yes, I agree that calling Czechia as well as a bunch of other countries "Central Europe" is more appropriate.
Can i choose german socialists?
No that's me now can you please move us to the western side of the building, I just want a new computer and a better office
This is bullshit
**Integration** of migrants has to do with teaching them laws and social norms, not **assimilating** them into our culture
I would not say Ukraine and Belarus are developing-world...
I hope Wales gets independence.
Do you only use centimeters, no meters?
Snow lasts for days now, not weeks or months
- Primorska: Laid back, outgoing, charming people, they hate Italians but cook their food amazingly
Then around age 8 I got my first computer, ZX spectrum with most games in english and heavy on the text aspect.
She's no Merkel, thats for sure.
You can try Ukrain, but i doubt they will train.
We need to be realistic and critical
That's because you're not a transit country.
Winters have been getting increasingly warmer, it's not even unusual to get 10 or even more degrees in the winter.
Aha
We do not have 4m of snow in Slovenia
The clericals (modern day right) sided with the nazis and the socialists(modern day left) sided with freedom, and the soviets.
I'm talking about Albanian migrants now, not back then.
Basically politically correct way to address someone during the redder times.
How those two words are this international, I have no idea
I would say you fit in greatly with the classic SJW phenomenon.
We've yet to capture one of Borut Pahor, the Slovenian counterpart
I never said that it is only Americans who have issue with mass immigration.
Or reading comments of news sites of ill reputation
In my experience, most don't. I on the other hand live in an apartment and if I'm at work, some will bring it to my work the next day or they leave it at post office, Petrol or in the Parcel box
However italian starts at first grade, english at third grade
They need bases so they can control key countries in Europe.
NATO went to war because France got a small dick complex and wanted "military glory". And Libyan gold
Obviously it depends on the army and which front that would be but I think nothing is worse than living in a muddy trench, full of rats, with artillery shells landing on your head
Not really
If I am at work I say the name of the organization I represent
🇪🇺 should put more money into train development and track reconstructin.
The deal with Microsoft was just the last chapter in this awful tale of incompetence
Basicly how my country sees the world.
And there were so many other incidents targeted at women in our group that by the end of the holiday it just felt normal
Rap is usually immigrant "music".
The way we compute taxes must be simple enough for most people to understand it.
I think accent is just part of a dialect.
Some Spaniards were sure present
We have [similar things] with potable water in Ljubljana for people to drink from in summer months though.
Of course, my dad fought against them for a few years.
It would be better to be ruled by fundamentalists insted of a immigration ban?
But one of my favorites has to be an abandoned graveyard
The biggest problem is as usually lack of integration or even trying to integrate into society at large.
We're gonna build a wall with material left over from Trumps wall.
One year came the turn of the nobleman’s daughter to be sacrificed
He said nothing about dental hygiene.
oh man, I love German
Best thing that can happen for Europe for the reasons you explained
Never felt unsafe even as a 12 year old walking home from friends birthday parties
in order to sustain your own "perfect" bubble of sameness.
Zakaj bi jaz iskal stvari za katere se ti zanimaš?
I've only heard a few instances of Americans speaking Slovene (or at least a few words and sentences) and it didn't sound very nice to my ear.
Lovely city but not too far from Slovenia.
I'm learning a lot for my own country (Slovenia)
Competitive blaming of events in the 1940s and 1950s for the modern-day economical, social, and political situation
I'd guess this might be the worst
Around Ljubljana, I ride an old Rog Turist (a well known brand in Slovenia)
I personally don't even notice them while driving.
when you go from a war zone to a safe country (Lebanon for example) you are a legit refugee.
It's not americanisation, we're just consuming their culture because it's so prevalent on the internet.
A lot of visibly homeless people.
I do but do only jews have a reason not to like nazis?
Empty
[Sveti Trije Kralji v Slovenskih Goricah] apparently with 34 letters
I do possess the small precision pair as well, but they are much rarer
It's on this building:
An independant Scotish-Northen Irish republic in a state union with the Republic of Ireland sounds like a good idea.
I heard from some people who study English that they use Slovene, but you know, that may just be their prefference.
- In my opinion and from what I know too much homework
They also have a new retirement home and their elementary school is considered really good.
Most of the time it works fine, except in summer when tourist just ignore what everyone else is doing
At least in the oldem times the germans invaded every 40 years or less.
Us too
I'd say that our egalitarianism, but I fear that it's less and less based on facts.
It could be a new thing, though.
It really depends on the metric
It's easier to learn than the other possibilities
On the other hand, raspberries, strawberries and currant are thriving.
I'm also quite pissed off at the propaganda they were feeding us with, although I only realized it after we moved.
I remember the time when it was around 1,5€, now it's bellow* 1€.
Some are 4 (law and special ed for example) some are 5 (pharmacy) and some are 6 (veterinary and medicine).
So I see them as much closer to us that Greeks for example
Any additional insight on that one?
I tried that out and people weren't able to repeat it even if they never saw it written down, so it is a good one
This is mainly cause we use the same dough as for ordinary gnocchi
And most of those who run away also return.
Some tounge twisters is slovenian language:
It must be a recent photo though, it snowed a lot last friday.
It profited from the Cold War where both side wanted to bring it closer, Tito was a diplomatic magician.
Gorenje's share price plunges in Ljubljana, SBITOP drops -
75% of Dutch would open borders to the whole world?
Also [bubble-gum cigarettes] :)
The only time boxing draws any attention in Slovenia is when Dejan Zavec is the one fighting.
Since when do you require to need to speak English in France to succeed
Then we have loads of villages, that are just that village
Its a big language not to mention a lingua franca for most of the former USSR.
It's not just the development, but also the sheer size of the US market.
Kind of like Grand canyon of caves, on a smaller scale of course,
It is the democratic decision they made, and we should support the deomcratic will of the British people.
All these things and problems that we had during socialism is obvius to me, but aparently to you everything was better
[Warning
Italians come here for cheaper gasoline
I often click on Slovak language on wikipedia by mistake.
If the EU federalizes, there literally won't be any "much bigger entities". There'll only be 2 equals - China and US
Pay isn't the best mind here no matter what you do, but you will find a job fairly easy
But on the other hand, we spend a couple of months without a government every two years or so when the previous one managed to trip itself over and a new one hasn't formed yet
That's a correct map of the Balkans, finally
billion = milijarda
Are you sure you are in AskEurope subreddit
[The current assembly looks like this] here is the wiki:
I used to like them but after 2014 when our house was almost flooded not anymore
No, that would be *prepad* then.
I've traveled across scandinavia with her, even did some 1000km hitchhiking with her.
This got even more prominent with the rise of absolutism
Now we know which cunts should never again cross the doorway of the eu parliament
Seeing this has made me incredibly sad
He told the judge to "suck his dick" and wasnfound inocent of all charges.
Tbh the only Slovenian arguing is KontaktniCenter and that guy is a) a serb living in Slovenia/of Serbian origin and b) generally a massive retard
And you're not really helping yourself with the protest since you look like (and are) an asshole
To put that into a bit of context, an apartment in my region would cost you around 150-200€ per month without utilities.
What are they researching there
Slovenia is less sing about the "man" and more: ('87)
They're lying about the cookies
Purely human error
I mean, there's not even a single record of him ever speaking Slovenian.
We call them Americans
No, but people trust that photographs they see in a newspaper are photographs of scenes that actually existed.
You can still order Dezikim Derm (65%) on Bent
We don't look for our cultural identity in Serbia.
Croatians conned Slovenians into a referendum if you ask Slovenians
Im taliing about tha artice and how it isnt fare that man dont get same free stuf.
skoraj povsod je Danski model kolesarskih stez.
If the OP cold prove that his grandparents and parent were also entitled to Italian citizenship, they may well have a claim.
The 🇺🇸 actualy fits some deffinitions for a 3rd world country.
Well see how this play out 🇵🇭 💞 🇷🇺
As long as inflation remains low, who cares?
And show "Lost" is "Izgubljeni otok" which that in English is "Lost island". What kind of Janšist thinks of these translations
I guess it depends on what you mean by settle down
I mean, technically Bosniaks, Serbs and Croats were already divided by religion before the Ottomans came.
Exactly England would be reliant on scotlands balistic defence.
What does Agadmator stand for
My bet is that they removed it because it was so bad
So I'm guessing there's no set time to start
Communists who support private enterprise.
One of the ideas was to incorporate green instead of red.
looking forward to come back
Yeah, sorry
Probably it's just Hungary over-updating the data.
Not really a problem
I don't know about Serbia, but there's no class here.
But they didnt care about this
Our reverse is "fukati" - though that might be with Czech, I'm not sure
Honestly, the biggest Slovene stereotypes that I know of are being jealous and complaining a lot (I guess they're somewhat linked) but we joke about those ourselves.
I hope, it will make things better in the end.
Then, there's a case for Prekmurje Slovene being its own language and not just a dialect, but that's rather disputed
I believe it's the Serbs who definitely pronounce *č* and *ć* with a marked difference (same goes for *dž* and *đ*) while for lots of Croatian speakers, these pairs have merged.
It is not perfect but at least I always find it after parking it on the street for a few hours :D
Some of their points are valideted by facts.
Even then, saying 12 sounds a bit strange - it's either noon or midnight.
They are quite easy to catch when dive fishing (or whatever the word it, snorkeling with a harpoon gun to shoot fish with), which is a favourite seaside pastime for a number of people I know, so I remember getting nearly sick of them every summer
How can people not know where moldova is.
And how are they biased or alternative?
And the US hasn't bothered to formally declare any war since WWII.
Why are people mad
At least most of shops have discounts on things, that are going to go out of date
Controlled flight into terrain due to the pilots forgetting to set the altimeter to the right setting, 98 fatalities
He made a song that consists basically of one three-minute orgasm.
It was quite surprising when I first learned that Americans are forced to tip.
well to be fair, most Slovenes vacation in Croatia, while it can't be said the same for Croats.
No not hotels but in all elementary schools and some high schools here you need to wear slippers.
And most of them are just satirical and making fun of people who say it geniuenly lol Hrvat je brat
[Lego figure of Hamlet maybe?]
The PRS later evolved in the SRS (Socialst republic of Slovenia) and in 1991 aquiring independence from Yugoslavia in the process of its breakup
Na Golici by Ansambel bratov Avsenik
How cheap were they before
Bled cream slice
It's pretty funny actually, I've seen similar in the SCW sphere.
Too slow, buggy and annoying to my taste.
Školjka - sea shell
It's not even turska
000€ but your supporters might overthrow you because a rival came to them and said "Instead of paying you 100
- tretja ženska sklanjatev (mami, Karmen ...)
I got a badge also, what does it mean
Tolve F
So it goes towards the worst of all worlds
Sure ,sure just finish your kebab....
You won't be able to buy the Slovenian highway sticker in Hungary
Bochum, Germany
We had an affair a while ago when the railway from Pragersko to Hodoš here was newly electrified, but the platforms on some stations were too far from where the train would stop, so there was be too much of a gap between the platform and the stopped train
It was an
True, the Slovenian army is incapable of defending the country, even our own airspace is guarded by Hungary
Ko bi vsaj lahko vedel kakšno posvetno povračilo bo tvoj mali "bistroumen" komentar prinesel nadte, mogoče bi potem držal svoj preklet jezik za zobmi.
While I agree that dangers of Nuclear are way overblown in public perception, I don't think that is really any consolation
Early abortion, I think up to 12 or 14 weeks is an easy procedure.
>damn draft
They have a whole isle of sprinking water and a few bottles of normal water hidden in a corner.
If you'll be going down that axis, Piran is definitely worth checking out.
Since when did Putin give a damn?
Other than our own, I can only name two other.
It was probably the hardest thing I attempted to understand during my exchange program (I failed, but I also didn't try very hard)
In Slovenian a river is Reka and we have a river named Reka so we have "reka Reka". Then Castle is Grad and we have a Castle named Grad that is in town named Grad that is in municipality named named Grad so we have a Castle named Castle that is in a town named Castle that is in a municipality named Castle
I am essentially part of the team and work full-time for them.
In Slovene, *revnost* is scarcity or the state of being poor
And I certainly didn't expect to see it in Japan.
This subreddit usually makes fun of you guys for things like this.
We're melting in Koper
I don't know what to think about this.
Holy shit, that's weird coming from a Serb.
Dvomim, da na tisoče slovenskih otrok živi v lakoti.
I never said there are no anti EU news, but lets be honest...only after brexit and Trumps victory, we started to hear about fake news pretty much daily.
And it was not Adam who was deceived, but the woman being deceived, fell into transgression.
An organization appears that want you to fuck with Iran as much as possible in exchange for giving you 200
As you can see from this illustration, it won't matter anyway once Brexit is reached
Older people will more likely speak german, and less likely to speak english, while the younger population will almost certainly speak english as it it learned from the age of 6 now
We hardly stick our necks out for ourselves and wouldn't do it for anyone else
Because you know, look I only need this space
I'd rather unite with Slovakia and become Slovenkia with them and end the name confusion once and for all
Like pillows, knives, drills etc.
There are also some other words, but then again you could say that for any other dialect here aswell
It was funny
Some high schools have compulsory Latin and French.
whell no, but it is then when they came in and never left you see.
Because they are native to Turkey?
Branches kept snaping and the trees kept falling.
> and OFC
We have man dressed in sheepskins with cow bels run around and ubduct our woman.
Honestly the only nukes that scare me are the ones that might end up in the hands of terrorists
We have a big problem with the birth rate, in the whole of Serbia, but Kosovo is the worst.
As an Estern eurooean i fully support the dismemberment of NATO
this void used to be filled by religions and empires
Haven't seen many games in Slovene, and most of those few translated were done so by a bonobo.
It also provides some security I think
You can also get it at Valter's in Kamnik.
Although entering with my ID card seemed to take more than a minute whilst entering with my passport took 5 seconds.
West controls most of middle east and Russia controls the other half.
i get they try to avoid copyright, but why not make an in-store character or phrase instead of just putting gibberish on shirts
This year I also travelled to sweden via germany and back (I do this annualy) and I must say I did get the impression they had a noticeable increase in refugees, it might also just be the places I visited.
It's actually a really hard decision though
The point is, western region is probably not blue because it has Ljubljana
But they exist, and we can jail people we dont like.
In this comment section you can see why Turkey will never be in the EU.
We could help building and give general help to Lebanon and help the people rebuilding their homeland.
In my generation it was the other way around
Sending people in mass into mine and blow up the entrance
not true, there's one in cross cave
I think the usual right are also very hard on Islamic immigration.
After the coal is burned in a furnace, the non-flammable isotopes are concentrated in the ash that is left
Basically we have one "boy-scout" group and one "girl scout" group
Those germans show up to boar meatings in ledder pants and shit.
Na vsaki strani ceste ob pločniku, malo dvignjeno od ceste.
Living room separate from kitchen/bathroom (not connected to any other room)
We all use it because everyone else uses it
All I can find is that Cerknica lake is the biggest and primest example of a lake this kind
HoI4 - Always Yugoslavia or some LatAm country
) is what parents have to pay and every year children have to get new equipment
But then it's December and full of nice lights, etc.
You should agree wit me more :P
His maps have been debunked multiple times.
According to the European Commission; Austria, Hungary and Poland are least cooperative at refugee distribution.
The language is going in a bad direction just like the country itself.
You fire it up, and kind of tap the bottom of the milk can with the end of the stick that is on fire
Gonna deliberately interpret the word costume a bit differently here for the lulz.
I live in a town that blew up when they have found coal, now the town is a shithole with 100's or even up to a 1000 people moving away to Ljubljana every year
But Galician is, it's just not the same as Portuguese (anymore
can you get in truble if you write these things?
sestra - a sister
Ah yes, snus master race
Been there, done that
I work as a translator and I like reading texts like that in hopes of improving my language skills
400k€ gets you a huge house (200m\^2) with some land (< 500m\^2)
The red scare has made Americans mortally terrified of anything that includes the words "socialist" and "communist".
Bonus points if you can make a joke you have to know two languages for!
Does this end at some point
Vztrajanje pri tem, da je Srbija največji zaveznik Slovenije, zagotovo.
Uh excuse me, but most of the country is not.
What's the rationale behind that?
Lesser europeans, not worthy of washing our feet.
It's good to call a country out for it's bullshit, but for some reason people just stopped caring and now Russia is blamed for every problem in every country/EU if it's justified or not.
I love the visual style of this movie, dialogues and MUSIC!
And it should move back to where it was.
We were a poor county
i would never move to Canada, its a horible place.
It's currently running a deficit of 18 billion Euros.
I got an impression that various conspiracy theories were already gaining ground years before his candidacy.
I find it sort of amazing and sort of scary that a language with 2mio speakers can have such variety
But your second point has a sadly high chance.
When did I say I'm against Finnish system?
Switzerland also has a rich gun culture and so does the Czech Republic
I have always hoped for Trump ower Clinton
> in a union someone has to be the strongest member
Also, odds are you're probably gonna consume a lot of foreign media if the small amount of stuff you get at home isn't up your alley
> Governments whose core base of voters are fanatic pensioners who rise in 7 AM to vote while healthy young people sleep until noon, wake up and see that it's a bit rainy today, and decide not to vote
After the centralisation of Kosovo and Vojvodina, Serbia's power grew to a point that it could bully the other republics around.
are the other stans all dictatorships too
Bees and Butterflies are definitely important for our produce, but not all crops are insect pollinated
Most were simply picked up by the germans
And yet Cavour didn't abolish it.
Yes
EU should disband, and from its ashes a European Confederation should arise.
We have this in some stores in Slovenia as well
There is literally zero chance of that happening.
I really don't consider Turkey to be balkan or greece for that matter
I give y'all Slovenia's very tree-filled cities
Nah, automatics are far from the main reason.
Do ypu guys think there are regions in Europes future or will we remain as countries
Zelje here is cabbage
Military operations and even the Holocaust were dealt with superficially just to give us a basic overview of what was going on
The main problem for general audience is, that the world cup will interfere with the wintersports broadcasts - which are, at least in my country, very popular
This deserves to be a cover for something
Russian led "Slavic Brotherhood" forces open up new front againt NATO in heart of EU
the largest amount i see is some slovenians using the N word because they dont really understand how inapropriate it is
Yeah, and you elected your ex-king as a prime minister.
Our country was a part of Austria-Hungary then and I believe that Austrian rule was better than what we have now
Being relevant on the world stage is overrated anyway
Can't the referendum be initiated by voters/public direct?
LOL runing out of canon foter are we 'Murica.
Don't go to the dark side
Actually I would not live in the Dolenjska region either
No idea if people bought those as well
And the average Slovenian understands English better than plenty of our dialects
I wonder what those 10% consider as 'bad relations'.
There's always money in politics.
Tips Slovenian hat
Cro/Srb/Bos - 90%+ understandable
You'll see plenty of dead hedgehogs on the roads and plenty of live ones in the gardens.
Those two are probably >80% understandable without any prior exposure
Kids these days have no respect for the Führer.
We’re culturally and historically very close to Austria as we were part of it for centuries
You know how much complaining that would cause?
> The plum ones are more popular here as well
These were the guys who ran the concentration camps.
Our Slovenian plates are rather boring, but our military plates I find really cool
It's such an ugly sight driving towards Karavanke
Numbers alone didn't actually phase me, we had a war going on in vicinity (the breakup of Yugoslavia) and death toll by itself didn't seem huge in comparison, but what made it extremely visceral and gutting for me was seeing people falling to their deaths.
I'll go with Central Europe, which coincidentally is what most people in Slovenia also agree on
Aparently HDZ likes Serbs and minoreties now...
Prices in shops: usually 1,49 € or 0,45 €
I don't think it's rude, just everyone prefers not to know
Especially in city buses where the exit door are in the middle/end of the bus
< part
All that aren't tooting their lies
I work in engineering and Slovene words for some things aren't really used
You haven't travelled much then
Oh then yall do it only when you come here
edit: I forgot to mention, before the official party, family and friends come to the persons house on the day of his birthday and put up a may pole or a giant flower with a sign saying how old the person is
Probably takes longer to board the plane and fly, than drive by car.
Our social services prefer to foster children, generally they try to avoid cutting contact, unless there's outright abuse.
And for everyones knowladge northern slovenia geographicly isnt balkans
And those paramilitary get highered by ukrain.
We keep wine, potatoes, onion and preserves in.
At the moment Serbia is practically a single-party state, there is no opposition worth mentioning, plus polls give a clear edge to Nikolić.
And the media house of our far right party (15% support usually) is owned by Orban money/people, in coordination with their Slovenian friends
But if you live with your parents for example it gets reduced, and there are other things that can reduce it, so those 290 are not really the minimum.
Prekmurje used to have its own language standard derived from their dialect, which is really specific and very different from standard slovene, but this hasn't evolved in a true national movement
I hate it when people buy unnecessary plastic when they have clean water available
Same as 1m is 100 cm and 1km is 1000m.
But what's the difference with any other poster, let's say a living room poster?
These jihadist morons seem to explicitlly reject all that.
This was ŠCPO in Postojna
But if you go to Venice, Salzburg, Budapest, Prague or Belgrade you have a lot of options.
We say nasvidenje or izgled, which are direct translations from German (na-svidenje - auf-wiedersehen, iz-gled - aus-sehen)
God knows Canada is short on those.
Baged milk is a socialist thing, now in the times of transition, we have don away with such archainc concepts.
But when I checked the description of the movie, the first line of description was from the Slovene dictionary (SSKJ) of what drkati means
The french territory was more or less unified already at the end of the middle ages with the main centre of power located in Paris
Feel free to send beer and nakládaný hermelín.
I wouldn't be surprised honestly
Yeah, I think we're usually quite on par with most of the countries that should stay in the 'good results' bit per OP's rearrangement
Amagad, just made me remember a scone of ham and a scone of cheese I had each time I was in Valencia
We do have Hungarian, Italian and Roma minorities as well (excluding recent, ie
Ljubljana, as rhe most beautifull city in the worl is welcoming any time pf year for any length of time.
And that's why we're having the most fun =_=
Woke me up in north eastern Slovenia
We too have gorgeous painted eggs, and the improvised cannons made out of milk cans were still a thing about 30 years ago.
You can however burn any other flag you want I believe.
Slovenia is very diverse naturally and culturally
Incidentally, there is a city named Maribor in Witcher's universe.
In 🇸🇮 we also have a thing for comemorative 3€ coins.
No, it's not that, and Yugoslavia didn't give away that much free money (it was more about keeping unprofitable companies afloat so that everyone could have a job).
Well it's just like using plural except you're only refering to two.
Yes, but Trst is certainly bigger
No need for any new Union they are already in European Union
The tax-free amount is currently a bit above €10,800/year.
Things are changing, though, Slovenia today is a very different country from the one I moved in 14 years ago.
Maybe Ljubljana castle as well
Ljubljana - People from there are known as Žabarji (frog men)
Chad Putin and Virgin Lukashenko
We could stop being a Kingdom and become just a bunch of counties in Hungarian Republic.
Also, chances are that you'll be able to get one at the border with no fuss.
Central Europe is a thing, learn your geography
Horse burgers are a thing
The church was extremely powerful and with that represented the good and bad in european history
Swedes can definitely own handguns and I believe Norwegians can too but with many restrictions on calibers
Apparently not
Mostly I am satisfied with women's rights in Slovenia but I heard that some job seekers discrimnate young women because they think they will get pregnant also I heard that they don't like women with younger children because they think they will always be on a sick leave.
Old couples usualy have 1 car between the two.
But since Bratislava is on the Austrian border and I'm from Styria, where dialects generally use many German words (I sometimes joke it's like German Creole), it went just fine
What happened to beheading the kings?
So yeah
Then there were a few whistle-blowers that exposed corruption, which started huge protests which are still going on every friday
This puts american [coal rollers] to shame.
Better to aim to do it in first term, just to be sure
They're doing it with the power of God.
Wow, 400 words and not a single one makes sense
It's like a political cartoon come to life, and it's glorious
Why have you been hiding this from us?
Only been there by bus, though.
s however; everywhere in America.
There’s a great video on YouTube about this:
631 to 658 best years of our lives
Yes, same region but those are a bit more "urban traditional" houses in towns, the ones I posted were all village types.
You just use what you have and/or prefer
If Muslims are responsible there must be a reason behind it.
But when we write, everything is supposed to be correct, no matter the dialect.
It seems they were reluctant to use *bh* in words that are obviously not of Irish origin.
Is this 2ns spike due to protests
Congrats and good luck
They are controlled since the beginning of migrant wave last year.
Where Russia would teritorialy own the place while Germany whould administer it and have economic benifits.
Jewish state is becoming more and more like nazis.
fugg :DD
In apartment buildings they have big heavy steel [doors] Behind those doors every apartment has a small storage place.
I only know of people realy close to the border driving ower to mostly buy gasoline.
> Mákos bejgli
But the pay is sky high
We have lots of forests, on par with Finland.
Or that is hot it should be on paper.
>Food for thought, the crime rate for concealed carriers is lower than it is for police officers, we're an extremely low crime demographic
But yeah, the quadrille is insanely popular if you think about it, I danced it on like 4 seperate occasions the year I finished high school
You leave the EU -> you no longer have regional funds.
Five reverse and one forward, in case the enemy attacks from behind
I guess I'm kind of used to shaking now as I live next to a quarry and can often feel explosions
There are also cars with Hungarian licence plates (they may not be Hungarian gypsies) driving around the countryside selling stuff.
ow right...You call them hispanics there also?
For any Italians reading this: if you're gonna build a tower, make sure to build it **vertically** and **not partly submerged in water**.
Try pushing your culture on them, however, and there could be trouble, regardless of where you're from
Notice how quickly after Cominform affair were the Greek partisans defeated?
Ti si meni ena navadna tarča za trofit
They were average drunk thugs who try showing off through violence.
What stereotype about your country is completely true?
Why would it be any different with notes?
Based and blackpilled
It would be a bit easier to give you an answer for historical figures famous on a national level so the only one I would mention is [France Prešeren] our most famous poet and the author of our anthem who was from Upper Carniola, the same region I'm from.
If the house of Celje survived, it would probably lead to some of them getting the title of kings of some kingdom, at a certain point
Any time you go onto the highway, expect a 2 hour ride to turn ibto at least a 4 hour ride
American/Slovenian here
We have a restaurant that serves burgers and steaks but I wouldn't call it an American cuisine restaurant.
To hell with the children, think of the Siberian Flying Squirrel!
Balkan languages (Serbian, Croatian etc)
Camping outside such campsites is often illegal, and is especially enforced inside nature reserves to prevent fires and littering.
I mean a plane ticket from Syria to Greece is not more than 500€, but a boat ride from Turkey to Greece can be a few thousands.
For a nice connection in the middle, between Slovenia and Slovakia :D
One even did a short promo for a gallary
Is that a legit stereotype/stat
These fragile little snowflakes who are getting butthurt over all the Trump hate would probably laugh their asses off at some of the [Obama floats] from previous years.
Klop: bench, tick in Slovene;  клоп bedbug in Russian
Yes
We call it Češka in Slovene, too.
Oh yea, that's my go to loose leaf tea.
Those yugos should also be deported if they dont want to integrate.
When did you start attending primary school, when you were 6?
Over here it's local = good but overpriced, foreign = it's trying to kill us.
So it's more like that the American version of Italian cuisine is popular
I'd say Rachmaninoff had a slight edge as a piano shredder, but Chopin beats him as a composer.
Lol a litel late for crampuses dont you think
Eh, I don't really care to be honest, just try to spell-check your posts before posting them.
Where is spawn point
Natreniran sn v gorilskem vojskovanji in sn najboljši snajper v Slovenski vojski
Reading an article that in 2014 we had around a month of temperatures above 0°C in January, half of those above 10°C.
Around 20min by car and 1h by bus
Prince William is not called Viljem, instead wr just use the original version of his name
Actual language: Woah, how tf can words like "Vrtec" or "Čmrlj" exist
And I think a big chunk of wealth are also private enterprises which were impossible back in eastern germany.
Wait what
Maybe it's the symbol that looks like the [iron cross] which facebook may be associating with the Nazis.
I can't imagine going to Hungary, just too little similarities in politics, language and culture.
Move the frick out
- druga srednja sklanjatev (jaz, mene -i)
In the oldem days this tradition would happen on the solstis.
Yet another bad mistake is people using the wrong pronouns: "za njega" (for him specifically) instead of "zanj" (for him), claiming they have never heard of the latter form
And you'd freeze your ass off in about 30 minutes
Most timezones
Croatia already gets a lot, but i imagine it could do better with €.
people had to vote) and did not even vote.
Here is another picture of [slovenian costumes]
Zahvaljujem se ti/vam
Well, we have a church on an island
Afghan refugees stranded in Serbia
It was clear from the context that she did not know its purpose
What is Israeli relations with Republic of Slovenia?
- The biggest brewery in Slovenia and also the most popular beer brand (Laško) is brewed in Celje (and is also the better one)
We're a country of only 2 million speakers and yet we have some [48 dialects] I can barely understand the dialects of Rezija (near Italy) and Prekmurje (near Hungary).
Then there are points where some care for them but others are indifferent, such as role of church
A much more interesting and diverse experience in my opinion
We had an Irish guy come to our class in elementary school a few times a year and that's about it.
It looks like [this] It's a thing in lots of countries.
A lot of dumb people've been taking trips to the seaside lately, so from midnight on it will not be allowed to leave the municipality of your residence
Welcome to /r/europe
I'd visit Quebec if I wasn't just normally broke haha
Plus it's not like anyone gave a shit when dogs were brutally slaughtered and burned to death for the championship
First mention of Slovenia as a land where Slovenes lived, not necessarily on the land that is Slovenia today, is from around year 550.
Really arrogant about "being no
Or maybe it's just retards like me and my friends
Most of Slovenians agree that we are Central Europe
She says people are obsessed with it and she gets a lot of money
The shape of Slovenia is such that on all maps, there are also areas of Austria, Italy and Hungary that are home to Slovenian minority.
Many wanted to help Europe for altruistic reasons, many didn't want to help at all
Any small copany that would allow users to post any kind of pictures or video, would have to have a system to detect any copyrighted material
Oh no Slovenia, oh no
Empty horizon :/.
Other sports generally get popular whenever someone or a team gets good
Sometimes it would just be our biology teacher with us and sometimes it would be a local expert forager.
Teen israeli girls were laughing their heads off, they were starting to get on my nerves, because they were so loud
I do not care and I think most people over here would not care either
Posters by the Ottoman Empire directed at ANZAC soldiers, during the world war 1
I'm asking because, apparently, Alpine Slavs (from which Slovenes evolved) enslaved the native population, which kinda facilitates assimilation (and makes the immigrants/conquerors look like assholes, from today's perspective naturally).
We've got like 3 in total lol
The place is absolutely gorgeous, the nature, the atmosphere...
Never heard any Serb or Croatian with that accent.
We stayed in another hostel that looked like it had permanent 'guests'. But at least that one was clean
Slovenia: english or german; it really depends in which region you live, mine is german because i live near austrian border but students in lets say Ljubljana or Maribor have english
People get their basic bills paid, heck, social services are even replacing windows in their (not owned) apartments and renovating their bathrooms.
we have the exact same problem.
First make school conpulsary, than pass such a law.
Pasta - Paste
Or like, a 100-120 sqm flat within the Ljubljana bypass if you are lucky and you get one
Same for Finnish, but I like the language more because of the elvish flavour
Afaik we don't allow the entry anymore.
You get the cheap brains that improve your economy and you pay for it by providing the cheap muscle with work, which improves your economy but hurts your people
>Despite the mental gymnastics some of these maps do to not call some countries eastern, I've never been ashamed to call myself an eastern European
Hvala ti
Maybe baby human fish could be it
look at her ... 4 bottles of wine
`za slavo zveze` => `Za slavo Unije` in Slovenian with those caps pls
Official figures are 7K to 12K, in a country of 2 million.
Yep, /r/europe is not some kind of nazi subreddit that so many people call it.
Kladivo in Slovene
*Far* more
Ah, I only put this into the context of the title.
> the first was more unnatural
Reaching this ultra-remote Slovenian cabin isn’t easy
And there are some Halloween themed parties.
Any hobby, if a person is *really* into it can quickly cross into the *weird* territory.
Borut Pahor, president of Slovenia and his Instagram posts
aber nicht einfach so davonkam, versprach die alte Frau demjenigen,
5/7, würds mir noch mal anschaun xD
Welcome to Yurop o/
I'm not sure what rules we got about gas stations, except that they work and are crazy busy on Sundays now that almost everything else is closed
OK so now I know I should not say "sprosti se" to Czech or Slovak when trying to extract them from car crash
The sub has been so trashy lately
I want to see how we stack up
Why does this have so many upvotes yet so few comments?
Yea, 🇩🇰 is like a northen extwnsion of 🇩🇪...
why should Russia and USA not agree?
Not LJ, but we also had bad weather
That was a few decades ago, however
It's reuse bottles for same type of shampoo, but maybe it will spread
Edit: Alenka Bratušek’s PPL MUST TRUST US deserves a honorary mention
I'm sorry if Poland is so backwards in this, but most people here don't give a shit if a black person walks past them.
Mostly I don't really like the storm itself, especially since last year we had some hail damage
Gymnasium(no real translation...)
School not is fun
[So this guy is just waring a random helmet than?]
That's easy
They were actually spotted close to Leibnitz in Styria.
Lidl has 'Lojtr'ca domačih' but that's stuff's expensive
Sorry
I'd recommend you continue onwards for like 20-30 minutes from Bled and hit up Lake Bohinj
The pro-Turkish bloc is also made out of thin air.
A good example would be Gornja Radgona and its Austrian side, Bad Radkerburg
With ragu sauce
Yeah, I understand the meaning, I was just commenting that "da" in this case doesn't mean "yes" :)
Because that doesn't sound very responsible.
I believe existence of Central Europe as a unit is covered in geography as well
And doesnt go on vacation to Croatia
Standardizing signalling and communication is actively being worked on with various levels of ETCS, but the question is how much the countries will adopt it
both times it was blocked by a referendum.
The biggest problem are truck drivers and people towing caravans and boats
Stop being so butthurt over it.
Mustio I
QWERTZ with Š, Đ, Č, Ć and Ž on the sides
Or do you expect adult women to be abstinent until they're financially and psychologically ready to have a child?
If I am at work I say the name of the organization I represent
Maybe nothing unique, but god damn they are better than most other international brands.
Olive oil on tomato and cucumber??
You also typically get used to people from other countries not knowing anything at all about your country (which is both a blessing and a curse)
What's up with all the downvotes?
Is she just trying to brag that she married a swede
The thing is, they run into similar issues whenever and wherever they want to build something.
Your grandmother's version sounds tasty
The goal of the Russian military doctrine is to secure a buffer zone between them and powerfull western European countries
EU sould support their secesion.
A cookie is a piece of data that that a website can store in your browser and can retrieve it when you request something from that website at a later time.
That is exactly why r/MetricMasterRace
Ah a fellow nation of culture I see
Government fucked up response to second Covid wave, deaths are climbing, government is replacing people in all sorts of services and governmental bodies
C'mon, no need to keep those silk gloves on neighbor, it's all for science
But have family festivities at home for easter, christmas and the like...
European defence is not a joke.
Eh who cares, as long as I have pasta
It's a thing in Slovenia
We  call them Krofi in slovenia
We have multiple answers for that.
I’m not sure about that, there are still many common surnames that are describing a place but could be
In 2008, a group of 38 Belgian kids went hiking, some of them in shorts, with nothing else to wear.
(source: myself, a native)
EU warns US tech firms they could face new laws forcing them to remove hate speech faster
Germans confirmed barbarian hordes.
Single
Yeah, but don't you have to pay it regardless?
I didn't feel anything in Ljubljana
But i am sure you guys are gonna keep importing ukrainians and romanians.
Extra money
He not only made Slovenian an official language he also made Ljubljana the capital of the Illiric Provinces
The thing is, most people dont see those news.
The old german words are slovenianised.
Oh shoot, I forgot about these two as well.
But you can also have travarica, borovničke, limonovc, medica ect
I think Americans consider any restrictions on firearms equivalent to a ban
I see, that's a very good question.
It was not untill later my mum told me about how everything was shaking
Merkel: "Jesus Christ and Holy Adenauer, this is going to be bad"
Hah, I've seen this, I think they actually show this video at some point in university here, or maybe it is just really popular with English students
It's nothing special but just one extra day you get to be at home after the New year's
I've got to the point that I need to drink coffee before sleeping, otherwise jonesing keeps me awake.
RIP Osijek 1196 - 2020
There was an uproar a couple of years ago when a juvenile bear got into the park though
Some specialists are hard to get to (ophtalmologists in my experience) but that's mostly just non-emergency stuff.
We Dinaric guys really kick the average up.
Tbh, around here kids plough on their own as soon as their heavy enough that standing on the clutch with whole weight lets them shift gear.
She'd be pouring Bud Light and not liquor, then :^ ) ^^^^It's ^^^^Russia
I have to say, Slovenians probably weren't a bit sad about his death.
It has gotten a lot better over the years because of spay and neuter programs (mostly done by charities)
Probably leaving yugoslavia and giving everyone a reason to send in the tanks and then thinking we would become slavic Switzerland
I can do with constant responsibility dodging   and zero principles
(I'm not sure about Czechia, don't hear anything from there.)
Slovenian one is a bit better, but the content is meh in any case.
Our old name for November is also Listopad.
why a problem
With Austria and Italy we have generally friendly relations, deapite some issues here and there mostly regarding our minorities
forget
M8 atleast learn about national economies before you lecture on them.
Almost any successful slovenian company has a factory in either BIH,Macedonia,Serbia or kosovo...
Thats why 90% of the people wanted to leave
Ves tisti denar, ki smo ga vrgli v smeti zaradi referenduma, bi lahko uporabili za pomoč družinam v stiski.
Not sure, I don't really think a note higher than 100€ is needed, but I'm not specifically against keeping them.
Our closest language relative is the kajkavian dialect found in Croatia and we have much fewer problems understanding it compared to standard Serbo-Croatian
"The EU probably wouldn't exist-"
Idk, maybe Austria and Germany.
But then again I grew up watching crocodile hunter on animal planet so that could be the reason lol
Side exits were welded/chained, so there was only one way in or out
I'm not German but may I suggest "Der Goldene Handschuh". Especially if you are into true crime/horror genre
Not always, but often
- Voldemort - Mrlakenstein
She didn't know Norway had to be taken by force
Now I see why the USA will always be better than the EU.
Thus, Bulgaria would be able to have a much lower minimum tax rate than Sweden, because otherwise you kill poorer countries with the brain drain even more than already
Well, Slovenia is actually a Central European country
Here in slovenia we call it the mirracle at capporeto(čudez pri kobaridu) but italians call it the disaster at capporeto
In Bosnia and Serbia it's unfortunately not like that
Curriculum content points:
Russia's culture drives the oligarchy, and yes the Russian population have seen worse - but how is that a good thing?
However, both regions are so small, that they would be probably considered microstates and their independence wouldn't really make sense
I was living alone at the time, 22 years old.
You not only wrote it, but also masterfully impersonated it.
Plonkec/plonklistek/plonkceglc or švinglc/švinglceglc or cetelc
So I wouldn't say that this is racist
You got my vote, but firstly Schengen needs expansion
Then it has to stand for 50 days if the person is celebrating is an Abraham, 40 days if he/she is 40 and so on, before they come clean it up with another party
Still, not considering the context of word usage before getting offended IMO correlates with either low intelligence or ulterior motives
The deadliest I can think of since we are an independent country is the [canoe accident near Blanca] July 3, 2008
Wait until you find out about 48 dialects of Slovenian
solving one extreme with another.
Dammit, your pun is better
Funny that Ukraine uses No data
You could also say the democratic majority voted to fuck up the country.
It has been tipical for ower a century.
You mean, like, water, from the toilet
I can't seem to relate it to anything we have nor any German or English I can remember
Just like English has Central Europe, South-Eastern Europe, Eastern Europe etc
\>21
I would love to see that in live and feel some adrenaline
And then to stuff yourself with goose/turkey as soon as clock shows midnight.
Except in a petrol station because people are just a bit more sketchy there.
I think both me and liliputput can think of another person with an auto-downvote button, right /u/liliputput?
Countries can ban anyone from entering their countries if they are not at danger.
That would only drive Europe closer togeter.
Ah we don't have this brand :D . those guys are football club supporters, the name viola is from color violet, color that players of FC Maribor are wearing on home matches
Normal but not everyday meal
Most people living outside of the cities and even in the cities throw food on the compost instead of organic waste bins.
The church is filthy rich, but individual priests own next to nothing themselves.
Woops, true
Everyone knows Poland is racist.
We are sorry, but the top half is unavailable at the moment.
" ("Kvaj zj, a kej fukate
The thing is sure we might be part of it in terms of geography but the part bordering us is the cultural...and also hint tracksuits are rare in slovenia, but if you see someone waring it for no good reason than you can be almost 100% he is some first or second generation from ex-yu countries.
Of course, not everyone follows these dates.
kyoto,
and pretty much all the important EU leaders are quite non-interventionist
Sure the Marković years, when our economic policies were set by the IMF (basically the same thing that happened to Greece with Troika), were really really bad, and obviously socialism seems like it was doomed after the end of oil crisis
Or it used to be when I was a kid anyway
they sell us the same products as they do to Germans.
I don't know, in Slovenia it's not like that
Haven't been there yet, do you know maybe how crowded it is
So how could they learn
From the recent history, you can easily say we are part of Balkan but that only goes for 100 years or our nation's existence while through most of the history of Europe we were always part of either the [Austria-Hungary] or [Holy roman empire] and the first kingdom that people who migrated and that lived here were part [Samo's Kingdom] Not to mention a lot of german writing which describes us as [Wenden] which means "western Slavs" or Slavs that lived near german settlements
The Fran Ramovš institute for slovene language is regarded as the ultimate research and normative authority regarding slovenian lanaguage
Versailles, on the other hand, was too mild.
And not a person in sight
Also ignorance
In Czechia a little less so
2021*
What we have here are 'gymnasiums', '4 year vocational schools' and '3 year vocational schools'.
I thought is was an american thing since we have our communistic version
The reverse is 21%. Not a major difference, both would be comparably hard hit if that ceases
What others see isn't really relevant, is it?
A lot, including castle ruins, since if its a ruin they usually dont charge entrance and after ww2 most of our castles got abandoned and or destroyed anyway
Primorsko-notranjska
We also had Fruit loops few years ago but I haven't seen them recently.
Of course they exist, where can you not buy them?
I don't think we have that here
I've also seen one
This was the most disgusting place I have ever seen
I grew up in a bilingual family.
[Roman road] and other Roman remains would be next
Again, none of this is meant as a critique of you as a person, most people just never think about this, so I thought I'd start spreading awareness
The construction sector is pretty much dead atm.
Dudes only care about getting high, buff & having sex
Germany, the democratic leader of the western world.
English, but the northern dialects like Geordie or Scouse
English is becoming a big part of youth's vernacular.
I got the idea form one of international camps I attended, where they had this system
We can barely tolerate each other in-school.
Europe as a whole already is multi-ethnic and always has been.
We were not supposed to be able to go to war while we were all in Yugoslavia either, but.
They have even rearmed themselves.
Poštena beseda
I don't know if that's still true and I don't know whether it was supposed to be adjusted to local taste or they were cutting costs.
This is such a load of bullshit, but somehow it managed to survive to this day
It depends though
Oh yes, arguments from authority are always the best
The probability of something actually happening is always of consequence.
It is technically possible, but extremely unlikely
And it doesn't because there was nothing binding about the referendum at all, it was an opinion poll which established there isn't a consensus.
I mean, Japan and Korea I can understand, but fucking Thailand!?
Halls and classrooms were clean and I think wearing winter boots in heated classroms is not too comfortable
For some reason I can often think of the Croatian word before I can remember what the Slovenian one is even though I don't use Croatian in my everyday life
If you think that you are waiting too long (15 minutes or more) for a waitress just ask her/him if you can order and she will come to your table.
Brilliant job Italy :D
**medved** (bear) - this is common Slavic as well
I am the late Prince's lawyer and can give you $500000 if you send me $5000 first!
Beside that, if you register a temporary address and live required km away from home you get extra 80€ government help
Yes, of course
The whole war was planned and executed as a Blitzkrieg.
However, both regions are so small, that they would be probably considered microstates and their independence wouldn't really make sense
[Celjska koča] ) (Celje hut) is nice
Stari (dude)
Centuries of such differences necessarily leave a mark on collective memory.
Nothing huge but still amazing in my opinion that these things survived for so long
People remember you more and it's often easier to find a host on Couchsurfing because they try to colour the map:)
But some elders are still very sensitive when it comes historic events
Always posting this sort of sh*t.
Should have happened 30, not 20 years ago
We have special scout names (that range from nicknames, to something silly we come up with on the spot)
You could do a beer flavoured mayo though
*al lepše od Urške bilo ni nobene*
PowerPoint slide - zdrsnica
Slovenia, too insignificant again.
I mean, I mostly spend time with CS students, but even my other friends do at least know their way around the Windows UI
I think most Slovenians would agree that he belongs to Croatia more than Slovenia.
Yes, four years ago, in Kaunas.
If your seniors are anything like ours, they will optimize their purchases so that the price will always be rounded down!
We are a bit of an odd one out here
You move back to the driving lane when there's no more congestion, at least that's what my logic says
Za hisami - > zad za his - > behind the houses
I can tell you about 5 that are missing in Slovenia, off the top of my head
It was never actually part of Romania.
there was a woman who said:"Slovenia is poor.
Hairdressers have to undergo a training for recognizing victims of close relationships violence.
Yust the way you said reminded.me.of Marx
I don't think anyoe has any particular thought about it.
That plant is on a good spot tho XD
Took them fuckin long enough
And the 'normal, decent' majority just goes along with it
Renault Clio is without a doubt most popular car here.
but im the type of guy who rants having to pay more than 10 bucks for a shirt and lidl has good clothing prices
Wine, croats, illegal immigrants
It is, however, mandatory
You should keep in mind that while a lot of nations didn't have independent countries before, the people still lived there and made history.
I knew about the pledge from TV and stuff, but always thought it was a boyscout thing or something.
And of course price of such food
I don't know, maybe I'm overreacting but Orban scares me a bit
Interesting, didn't know that
The confusion is complete
“If we are to form a United States of Europe, or whatever name it may take, we must begin now....Our constant aim must be to build and fortify the strength of the United Nations organization.
To be fair, not everything there is garbage.
same for us, same for us
It's idiotic to reffer to one country as the whole Europe.
Yeah
i get they try to avoid copyright, but why not make an in-store character or phrase instead of just putting gibberish on shirts
we also had a black flag in case a teacher or cleaning lady died
It could be a redneck way of saying "wake up".
In the spring I produce birch syrup in Sweden and I understand you guys and alaskans also produce it.
Croatia - Hrvaška
> Croatia is also unique, but it's shape "makes no sense"
Exactly
I swear only the stoned people have figured out that you just wait until the train stops completely and then slooooowly go in, the rest of us just try to beat the train looool
There is an entire country, Liberland.
Ispecite vaše voljeno stvorenje u pećnici Gorenje Velenje!
TIL Ljubljana isn't a European city.
Well I am a bit sceptical about this because having a public and private practice inherently brings a clash of interest - especially if the private part of it does not represent just a 3 hour a week side job but the majority of your income
Mb population only grew for less than 500 in 10 years and Lj 14860
Wrm, we founded the greeks Sirtake, now they need to pay what they owe.
last century immigrants from ex-Yugoslavia and elsewhere)
> The bad news is that we're never leaving Poland
Mate, it’s not just sea transport
And then I turn the TV on a few days later and a completely different woman was doing the same thing.
You can keep yours, you can take your husbands, you can have both, you can both have both or your husband can take yours.
So when I meet another roma peron will I think of them violent
Invading half of Europe is quite another
Yes
Sometimes eggs (scrambled, sunny side up or soft boiled).
You don't need a masters though.
Also, celebrating New Years is a Scottish invention, apparently
but in foreign they took them more seriously
We learned the term in English classes
Nekdaj z bolestjo smo v sebe zaprli
they don't have a large central union as far as I know.
I know that in Russia is for sure like that, but I don't know about the rest of the countries
*I see a red-blue map and I want it painted purple*
Actualy the Republic hapened before the anexation.
In a city, meh, you'll get a some glances if you're not a typical white dude/gal, probably occasional remarks, other than that, nobody cares
The lower left one stung a bit.
Check up r/slovenia of people outright suggesting to a guy who wants to visit his gf what excuse he should give in case he is stopped by the police
Also, 20% are aged 65+ in the EU
Zakon
Nothing special, really
A company went or was about to go bankrupt so people organized themselves and are now leading it.
I spend a lot of time in Jamtland, when the ice begins to melt the roads warp and buckle a lot ...
I love your language
70 letna tradicija, domača obrt.
Our prime minister used to be a popular comedian
I need to get myself onr of those comissioner jobs.
Alpine Serbs just makes me chuckle a bit
So I guess it's all connected
It's an ugly industrial town in the middle of beautiful scenery
Does Scotland not have balistic defences and oil?
No offense, but I always thought tje Dutch preferred the Netherlands over Holland but these year when i sople to a bunch of Dutch tourists they all said: we are from Holland
I'd say Nazism was just the most radical expression of chauvinism and militarism which permeated German society since Friedrich the Great, and certainly since 1871.
So you skip over all the juicy bits :)
Well, hailing the hate for something as one's civic duty is equivalent to inciting hatred for it, in my opinion.
Invasion of another country is never acceptable.
It happened to me that I picked slovenčina instead of slovenščina when picking language.
You can also ask them to take the packet to a pickup point, where you get it with ID or with a code they send you over SMS
Here's a trailer for a random documentary where you can hear him
You put the carbide inside and seal it well with a lid
Wow wait till you see what values from middle east looks like.
The daily average between 21st and 25th of October 2015 was 10239 people entering.
They're both "co-ed" though
Look economy is not monopoly game.
It would be a fair trade :D ^/s
We should learn from history and take something from it.
Michael, Jože Plečnik, Ljubljana
Actions of the few don't warrant an apology of the many.
Can't count how long I spent sitting by Anger, watching people pass by
They were wrong and they will be wrong again."
[This is baby cereal] But it's eaten with warm milk.
And if they don't get better in that time frame you can get up to 6 months from your doctor, if you need more then it's decided by a commission
The kids in foster care are usually the ones with unresolved legal issues with birth parents or their families, so they can't be adopted.
I'd maybe add Drnovšek as a president to the best list.
Tokyo, Sapporo, Nagasaki, Hiroshima, Kyoto, Suzuka, Osaka, Fukuoka, Yokohama, Nagoya
As long as they have a well paid and secure public job.
Yea I read bellow they're made out of bechamel
And yes, I'm aware that most are paid to be on that interview.
It's like a political cartoon come to life, and it's glorious
stepping stone to the European Federation.
Ricola, Barkley's, Bronhi, Negro, Haribo?
Green salad, over tomato and cucumber, quinoa salad, green beens salad, kidney beans salad....
The average adult cooks regularly, yet hardly ever gets into logarithms or quadratic equations
[These] #categories=14535589;offset=0;) are cereals and müsli we have here.
Many people confuse you with Middle-Eastern countries where desert is present.
In great Balkan country of Slovenia we do for  quite a long time and [Ljubljana] is really successful
edit: typo
They often have large fuel consumption, poor build quality, poor use of modern technologies, and have the looks that just don't appeal to us.
You know what America's biggest weakness is
In 2015 she was still on the pro-EU side of the Tories
Both
So if we qualify we shouldn't boycott it, because we usually dont qualify
I think you misunderstood his reply.
Not really in Slovenia, so we'll keep those if you don't mind
They're just dangerous in the wrong hands
Those are hills, not mountains.
Am I the only weirdo here who would want lights on
Müller is known for selling German market goods in Slovenia.
Martin Krpan is a classic example
But neither of them feel like different part of the world.
I wasn't aware of these new rules.
And he says he does admin work
Excuse me
I don't think it's most
ARPANET wa in fact but a drop in the Internet invention pool
This looks pretty brilliant
But it's not on hostelworld anymore
Croatian islet next to Biograt n/m [OC]
Possibly the worst thing he did was pitting Serbs against Croats in order to secure Serb support.
And then they only got to advance to Austro-Hungarian territory because the empire basically collapsed and there was no functional army to fight against.
People sign a contract and receive a certain amount of money every month.
Ministrstvo za obrambo (Republike Slovenije )
Also fun fact: I work 20km out of the capital city and the local spoken language is already considered part of a different dialect group
I tried that out and people weren't able to repeat it even if they never saw it written down, so it is a good one
Warm summer days can reach 20–25 °C
It didn't help
As for general population I have no idea probably they do not know much
+ longer waiting lines for procedures
2 stola
Does the parliament in Greece vote on confidence for every individual cabinet member?
Bread with cold cuts, cheese, butter and jam/honey, nutella or pâté.
Lots of people getting wasted at local bars and restaurants
But HE knew better
It was split into German and Italian occupation zone
And Russia is specifically targeted because it's the only Slavic country that can give the western EU trouble
We could argue about the date of its creation
not if they are the religious types.
I might have been cca 5 years old, but I still remember how this went down here (in Slovenia)
And Reporter and Družina
I can't really be bothered to look up examples, sorry, it's literally midnight.
Se lahko assemblamo naslednji teden
well, actually less than that since you're EU and they aren't)
Dis is not juropijn spelink
If you leave the church, you don't pay the tax.
You don't say distance from A to B is 10000m but you say 10km.
You wish, my friend
Yes, but those political alignments don't exist anymore.
Overall the relations between the countries have improved in the previous decade especially on the minority related aspects
Many serbs deny or even praise genocide.
Croatia is really close to Slovenia, but it's just like I said, I personally see almost no difference whatsoever when I go to Austria
I wouldn't be surprised if we'd have something like black Wednesday and Maribor protests creeping up sooner or later.
you did quite a lot of bad things though....
Czech and Russian are probably my favourites and I'm considering learning both.
So, Soffers, something like that.
And in line with selfdetermanation of nations
Just a very weird name altogether.
Whole cities razed to the ground, chidren captured to feed the army that would do the same in 20 years.
The world biggest entertainer...
In some cases there is only a sign for parking in others nothing
You try to take care of that many people when countries after you only accept a few thousand a day and people keep piling up in those tents in the middle of winter.
Berbers can be blonde and blue eyed as well.
>ljubiti se
223,000€ / 4000 violins = aprox.
Seriously, is this guy capable of forming a coherent sentence?
It's mostly RFID cards nowadays.
In the little buses in the city I used to live in not many people use buses so you can get off in the front and yes, people usually say 'bye' or 'thank you' when they get off.
Poppy seeds are food, primarily for sweets, but also found in savoury bake goods
It is not  official, just used in talked language
I guess that's one of the reasons we call anything unaesthetic 'czech'.
i think something like check-ia or check-ya
The legend says that a dragon lived inside a local mountain and would often threaten to destroy nearby villages by flooding them with water from an underground lake
At some point we were second I think after Finland or something
Alps in the middle of the thunderstorm, with no shelter in vicinty
When Bush the younger was elected Americans kept saying how he was a fluke
Why would **anyone** ever go to the USA?
Unlike France and USA shootings are rare in Serbia, making this national news.
Maribor region is particulary crazy about their identity.
>second best Slavic country after Czechia
I'm pretty sure we would be able to throw things without these sports.
I guess the obvious answer is [Styrian Harmonika] Zither as well, since it's an older instrument
After that expirience if I hear a tunderstorm I feel a little anxious
par - couple
Yep, I definitely agree
Don't you have to get a bike license in like 5th grade of school
What's wrong is that he congratulated Trump on Wednesday, when there were no official results whatsoever
Yup, se strinjam s tem
While you didn't need a tractor for that you still experienced how nature looks like
I love Budapest way more than Prague.
The article explains it well, "volk" (a wolf), "volka" (two wolves), "volkovi" (more than two wolves) is a good example
i mean i never even heard of nazarayev
Well you are in very good company then
000€ per month until the end of your leadership
Ja, pa tudi zaradi Poljske-Litve.
I thought you made groups by similarity between languages.
its pretty much exactly like the milo protests at berkley now.
How about we build our houses out of wood.
since we all know nazis made death camps it just seems like its pointless to talk about if someone would mistake polish to mean operated by poland, they are either ignorant or dumb
If I look widely at the history of Slovenia, history of Slovenian poople, and history of the territories that Slovenians inhabit today in the wide sense
Meal in a restaurant per person is around 10 EUR
The Sintis are not very well known since they don't cause much trouble, but the Roma Gypsies are hated because most of them live criminal lives, mostly stealing (a popular stereotype that is very often true is that they steal copper and other metals).
It would be really interesting to see if in the 80's Milosevic would be ousted by some more progresssive part of the Serbian communist party and if an agreement about confederation would have prevented the breakup of Yugoslavia, leading to democratic and market reforms and Yugoslavia joining the EU in 2004
It also helps that I find the original female lead hot as hell.
This looks like a Porn video seconds before the plot twist
Shit you're right, how come I never noticed that the United Kingdom is a republic?
The thing is...people want to have state owned companies and privatisation and foreign investment are evil words.
I think I have been to most major tourist spots in Slovenia, but Bled island maybe doesn't count since I swum there in the summer and didn't want to linger
The population of the largest city is [300 000]
Not just in villages, but also in small towns
Whole Balkans should fix their own country instead of pointing fingers to a long dead empire
We always get tricked by "new" parties but they are not really new.
TL;DR: He was a gangster before illegally coming to Germany and started hanging out with jihadists once there.
If there's only a need for a tiny fraction of the population to serve, then it's much better to have all of the citizens fulfill their responsibility through paying taxes, which can then be used to compensate the relatively small number of people that are needed in the military fairly enough that they sign up voluntarily.
Zdravo, moje ime je Janez
How do Italians determine the future career of a newborn baby boy
In the west, people tend to be fluent in Italian rather than German, due to proximity to Italy
I'm talking about why the country did what it did, and countries don't do stuff out of altruism
Maybe join NATO instead, try how the big boys play?
Montenegro - Črna gora
True in a way, but Bismarck began work on that much earlier
Well, soon after, Serbia, being the "senior partner", decided to throw its weight around, the name got changed (Slovenes and Serbs changed places), and power started centralizing more and more
Some wierdo hick people also make fire salamander brandy.
It's usually said if people are talking about something and someone sneezes so it's taken as some sort of confirmation.
That by definition means that England is in charge
I've only met only two people in my life who had a feud with their neighbour, I've never understood that stereotype
80% turnout and Wilders apparently got crushed harder than any poll predicted.
So one day he listened to this conversation:
Bring back old Viennese etiquette, I say.
Yugoslavia could not compare in any way to the west
Well maybe that would of been a better idea, but it's too late now.
Romanians have slavic influence and it's heard in their language
That is weird
Atleast someone is doing something to solve this crisis.
There are not much children to adopt either way, less than 10 per year.
Sounds super interesting
laguage), which means many different influences
Vem, da so bili omenjeni v učbeniku.
we take bundles of [sticks/shavings/branches]#/media/File:VelikonocnaButarica2.JPG) to church to be sprayed with holy water.
We also did that in Scotland
But that was before Twitter, the go-to platform for every right wing politician
There are new people infected every day, but everything looks under control
First they teach you printed like (grade 1 and 2 for me) after that it’s cursive all the way
They are windy and narrow but, well, fuck geography and people who refuse to give land to make a highway.
Communist or fascist they are all the same, manipulating people for their own personal gains.
*thorface* Is he though
There are other reasons why you could get by with German here
Or was it just unusually warm when I was there
> probability of having a broken down vehicle on the shoulder is much smaller than the probability of a vehicle not moving to the sides enough
Can relate
If it only weren't for those damn Germans, man
Subtitles are often even worse-they leave out important things, completely miss the joke, and are often overall horrible
Which is a brilliant piece of comedy/satire.
month was during the height of the Cold War, when we had a massive defence and one of the largest airforces around
How do you distinguish between a responsible person and a responsible person that will one day suddenly go ku-ku and shoot a bunch of people?
Our previous prime minister stepped down in February and a new government was set up by the president and the parliament without any elections
Example is the word 'kavnik'. It is supposed to replace the word 'džezva', for the pot to make Turkish coffee in
Klutsch - ključ - Schlussel - key
We have the highest density of caves
While I learned English through shows and the internet I would say it would be hared to learn it through rules the way they teach you in school
Bosnia was co-ruled by Austrians and Hungarians.
And people go visit these populations to abuse them
Reactionaries are going to do their thing, no matter what flavour of nuttyness they represent
We have tons and tons of songs like this.
We need to get rid or the rancid liberalism that has infested 🇪🇺
A really great teacher I had once advised to use 'jebem ti mater' ('I fuck your mother', for all the English-speaking folks) as an aid for the accusative of 'mati'.
And books are everywhere
Well, considering what happened some 10 odd years after his death, you will find plenty of people saying that.
We're not really fashion conscious, just pocket fetishists.
The difference between the terms "dialect" and "language" more or less always depends on politics
Why would they be exposed to Putin's punishment if they really are Russian insiders motivated by Russian government and why would Obama care what happens to them anyway.
Most people here believe Scotland deserves independence
Not something I'd like to prepare at home, the custard is fussy and loves to remain too soft for cutting - but on the other hand, home-made usually have more intense yolk flavour, which is absolutely delicious
I learnt to appreciate some of it, like Avsenik and Slak
That table was apparently made in Slovenia
Hehe “palice” means sticks in Slovene
[Here's one] in Slovenian which might be google translateable (feel free to PM me if any translations don't make sense)
Just look at the people quietly talking in the corner not botering anyone but being confident enouth noone can understand a word they say.
Since NATO was basically formed to oppose the Soviet Union, which disbanded over 17 years ago, its a bit puzzling why it has only expanded since
". I empasize that I'm *from here* and they always look shocked cuz I sound (and honestly look) super American
I too am a rebel at heart
In Koper, my hometown of about 30k people, I’ve never felt unsafe
Lately
It's shit,to much room for interpretation by the rightist court...
Ponos: Proud in Slovenian ; ponos/понос diarrhea in Russian (V meni je ponos / у меня понос)
Nuclear power plant Krško is just 40 km away from Zagreb
It's said that every Slovenian home used to have zither
He answers: "Well, it seems only fair
the cevapi cevapi
We got your back
Unfortunately while you won't see many stray cats in the city, there are plenty in the countryside and even semi-rural places
Am I missing something
Now I'm curious how come you guys need to have a special word for people who fucked the same woman
We call this a "krof" in Slovenia, but the word "paczek" amuses me much more
It's basically same as with other countries, some people move here for the money because their country is in worse shape than ours.
10 years' residence in Slovenia is required, among other things).
He visited it once, for a couple of hours, in his entire life.
>Supposedly their concentration camps were much worse than any Nazi German one
If you cross the border driver's license is not valid and you must have passport/ID
I would pay for 14°C right now
Sing
Have a great Sunday evening
I don't think anyone is disagreeing that Russia is pushing its propaganda, but people are starting to label anything/anyone not shitting on Russia as a troll payed by kremlin.
Venice, instead of stealing cars you would be stealing gondolas
What picture perfectly describes your armed forces?
Many people like weapons and there is nothing wrong with that *per se*.
i have no idea what youre trying to say.
Their public job is a lot of times used just to get clients for their private clinic
All bought in stores, not online
Anyways we’re used to it
With the right propaganda, you can split the same people down the middle and amplify their differences to the point where you get a civil war
ofc the russians made them turn to Radicalisation, like all the racist are turning middle east to a Homophobic, sexist shithole.
Cause otherwise I really don't see what that has to do with calling their desires for secession war-mongering.
Take that to Slovenia, we're dry down here
Should have happened 30, not 20 years ago
Plus I despise these competitions and fans who put up with horrendous behaviour just to enjoy a sport
What about [Juwelo TV]
Most people kept their PE clothes there and "berilo" (not sure what the english word for it is lol)
My mother had to forbid my grandmother from reading them to me since I wouldn't sleep at night after them
All Europeans are equal, but some are more equal than others.
You see jack-o'-lanterns displayed at some places, but that's all there is to my knowledge.
Yep parts of Austria were inhabited by Slavs
But our politicians and the doctors are so much insisting  that we have to stay at home, that some people were worried that hiking was prohibited too
In Bosnian bakery I received odd look with sayin "Pečen je bolji" baked is better
We even had to bring bicycles to kindergarten because we had a booklet with activities we had to do
Haven't heard of this
I don't think much would change in the example you provided.
Because thats how you trigger turks and armenians
million = milijon
There are many, many people who still think we're basically Yugoslavs, interchangeable with everyone from Vardar to Triglav.
In diesem Hottentottenstottertrottelmutterbeutelrattenlattengitterwetterkotter
that would be france
First 4 grades we had a shared space for coats and shoes and seperate drawers for notebooks, inside the class
Grinding spent fuel into a fine dust and then dumping it in the ocean would actually be a viable way to get rid of it since the volume of the ocean would dilute it to completely safe levels
Now you're just being dramatic.
Agent provocateurs taking out Russian police in Russia today
Then I guess I need to post [this] again.
), but I don't know much about that, there are probably some Croats or Slovenians here to comment on that
Slovenia (a former Yugoslav state) actually had a much better economy than Poland in the early 90s.
But just before Marjetica and the five other virgins were handed over to the dragon, St
The US wanted as much of Europe as possible to be able to stand on its own and be well-off enough that communism would stop being appealing
We raise glasses and say "na zdravje".
and the right fights between itself (SDS vs.
Well, they still have the Goričko
Most common theme is 'Jesus loves you'. Honestly don't mind them that much, since they're not as up-front
No one would bat an eye or be surprised hearing you ate those kinds of meat
The rest of the world doesn't NEED navies that can compete in the event of such a war, because everyone would simply be fighting a defensive war and waiting for the US to exhaust itself and for its morale to break like it did in every
I'm pretty sure EU food safety regulations don't allow chemically washed chicken or other meat
Those damn uncivilized fools, do they not realize the adventures they're missing with their perfectly laid concrete!?!
EU should pick four random US states and start requiring visas for them
To be honest, we dont have fat thursdays
Well, US does come to practice here.
WW3 leak confirmed
And there were so many other incidents targeted at women in our group that by the end of the holiday it just felt normal
Enter night
Because their programme was way to similar to Boy scouts WOSM didn't allow them to join, they only allow organisation with different programmes to join, they've joined the WAGGGS which stands for World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts, that's why they're technically Girl scouts
True dialects are mostly spoken by old people in rural areas, most of other people speak one of the colloquial regional varieties of Slovene, that are more unified, they are closer to literal Slovene and there is less variation between them
Housing prices have gone up 15% in 2020 alone
Wow, I will never see Estonia in the same light again.
In highschool we needed to opt in to have lockers but everyone decided to get one (it cost a couple of € per year)
It's the anxiety, frustration, lack of opportunities and defeatist attitude that pushes them into these radical beliefs, inceldom or similar and all as a result of the way modernization changed human interaction for the worse
I really hate football so I'm happy with that
jefferson and franklin in particular
The Slovenian prime minister has tweeted that the winner shouldn't be announced before the courts do their thing
To the east of it, there was a nice little Yugoslavian flag and 'Slovenia' written next to it.
lahk bi dal točne številke, sam sm namenoma pretiraval d sm prikazal dvojni problem prihodnjih generacij glede rojstev.
Sure it does
I have lived there for a year while in high school
Srpska Granata (Serbian artillery is led by god).
Hang in there, Hungary
Realistically though, the one word that's omnipresent and confuses many a native English speaker who stumbles across it - "full" meaning very
I also pay for "extra" healthcare (another 15€ a month) which enables me to use some better options if I need to.
No, our first books were written* in 1550 and first grammar book in 1584.
Im saying that would be the only hoiche IF you left the 🇪🇺
It is the other way around
All that aren't tooting their lies
On the main path towards the summit there's a supposed stone where a hoof of some Turkish's general horse struck, right before saint Mary appeared and turned them into stone
They only need someone older than 10 to walk with them in kindergarten and 1st grade, so that's when they're 6
Racism is based on skin color it literally in the name
The article explains it well, "volk" (a wolf), "volka" (two wolves), "volkovi" (more than two wolves) is a good example
Sunday mornings: Živ Žav and breakfast, watching skiing 1st run, lunch, watching skiing 2nd run lol.
Germany benefits from EU too much, belive me.
Smokers are considered sub people here.
These were terrible
Firat grade we learned printed then in second we learned cursive amd we had to use it throughout elementary/primary school
Take a look at [this map] showing literacy rates in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1931.
Basically it was like fake monopoly money, but it could theoretically buy you real candy.
My mother had to forbid my grandmother from reading them to me since I wouldn't sleep at night after them
Then comes the band, usually 2 or 3 people that plays oberkrainer/pop folk music and one of the guys tries to be funny
There were 13 deaths directly connected to the storm (interventions, restoration and rehabilitation)
Slovenia is culturally divided into 6 regions: Prekmurska, Stajerska, Primorska, Gorenjska, Notranjska and Koroska
I'm from primorksa and we call them "cmoki" but I'm not sure if that's just my circle
Honestly, I dont believe that France would leave EU, I think "Frexit" would simply force it to change.
[This article] describes it better than I ever could
I'm almost certain 95% of women that age own a few shirts with love and/or happiness quotes on them
You guys don't recodnise Graz as a city
Some people are against it, I personaly don't mind.
Longer than a dagger length, but shorter than a longsword length.
The people are some of the nicest in the world, even if they don't speak one bit of English you will be able to have amazing talks as long as you're willing too
Not just wolves, though but wild animals in general.
I would prefer to be on the outskirts a bit, a nice house in smaller village or town <3 But first I at least need a remote job
We have the term "kvizling", even though we had our own collaborators.
yap they'll need that blessing....its [them two]
Meaning "Are you listening to what I'm saying
Squid is a lot more popular here but octopus is not unknown, especially in a salad form
The myth that Germany or France dictate what happens in EU is simply not true.
I think them feeling important and tough is enough to fuel them
> The exclamation “Boh” is only italian
- Anything that would be related to transport and transport industry is not in Ljubljana
I hope I can live there one day
It's actually the main American system of measurement.
But somehow we can't change our native language ...
What can they do if these shits are their only allies in the middle east.
I'm guessing that would be much more work.
Italian diaspora will save and enlighten us with their ancient pasta-making
After naturalization it would mean they have UK cityzenship?
I'm not saying the connection isn't likely, but it should be compared with book sales per capita per region
I would really like to visit Vienna and Prague.
> Hello, mine name is John
I used to believe all the shot the mases around me did in 2008/9 at the hight of the econ crash i was a dirty neoliberal.
Two lost Norwegians came to me and I showed them most of the capital city's center and I'm pretty sure they loved it.
1kg of apples doesn't do it for me.
We never really distanced ourselves from the previous country and we never got over it and most (if not all) of our political debates devolve into Partisans v Slovene Home Guard (left vs right, but like we're perpetually stuck in 1945)
*Slovenian PM hides under his bald head*
Germany had powerful industrial base, hyperinflation didn't last for long and there were five-six years of economic boom before the great depression.
This dude is emberassing our entire country with talking shit all over the place, it's making me cringe inside.
Austrian lan is german land, majorety of austrians are german blod.
Aye
That is why we have so much more in common with Austria than Croatia
- Voldemort - Mrlakenstein
I never expected Italy if all places to be big on kiwi production
Well it seems to me that 'hast' is the exception here.
Simon Ostrovsky's coverage was excellent.
Sem - I have
▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒█▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒
We have 15 of them (including Christmas) as well.
i will test this stereotype when i do my baltic tour in summer.
You can go out drinking, for coffee or lunch just as friends and it isn't really considered that you are a couple or whatever
Why don't local authorities do something about it?
It's back to 15 °C here
The cycling network is big enough and the city small enough that you can comfortably get pretty much anywhere with a bicycle
You're diminishing all the cultural aspects of all European cultures and making them all the same
If France and Russia were not alies in WW1 the world would today be a different place.
So now you have even smaller coins!
We still have a huge unassimilated foreign population and we also have to take care of high unemployment.
Rarely have I ever heard it in the context of actually calling a monkey that
Yes
Popular names back then were Nikolaj, Blaž and Joannes.
Doma je res najlepše
The only reason why the US are safe-ish is that the USD is the world trade currency, which would change in the event of such a war though, so the US is in a riskier situation in that regard
Thats when when he have the first documents to astablish the border.
And Ahtisati and other EU big boys supported Alija in his plans as they knew how to work with him, and any new person is a potential risk
And also girlfriend archaicly, used in valce lirycs.
[We defeated Croatia and thus won bronze medal in World Handball Championship.]
This is not only keeping us safe, but them as well.
- druga ženska sklanjatev (perut, -i)
Plot twist: they don't.
seen a few people do it, when asked they mostly say its healthier than regular cigarettes (science say its not)
On the contrary, it's main meaning is to deeply love someone, completely nonsexual in meaning
There is a train connection as well, but I'm not too familiar with it.
All that is different in Slovene and Bosnian culture
I started to follow french politics and french news in general, but that is because I'll move there in the near future
Turkey and grece are I think not balkan at all
In comparison, in Slovenia a country with 2 million people, we are introduced with English and French/German as soon as we hit primary school
Yugoslavia went from brotherhood and unity to genocide in 40 years, just because the propaganda machine changed
Ampak zakaj prevajamo imena, sej ne recemo jonov sin ampak jonson
How much nuclear waste from 1983 till 2016 was taken by Croatia
Developed in consideration of all the countries in the world
P.s. I'm very worried about the election frauds you are mentioning, this is not something that should continue on uncontested
"Pricaj srpski da te ceo svet razume"
Ye 4 years ago we had 3m of snow and now we get about 0,5m
lol…neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of commentses!!!!
My grandmother makes these in bulk, freezes them, and hands them out to everyone in the family
Storage wars and other things like that are on Nat.
This map shows development compared to other EU countries
According to [this]#.22In_part.22), something can only be classified as a genocide if a significant part of the group is destroyed.
Unpopular opinion: I think less of the people who smoke.
Otherwise pretty much the same as elsewhere in Europe
Not much, because I don't have a lot.
Ours has a various selection of brands.
That is really cool in my opinion, since majority of people who decide to learn Slovenian usually plan to live or work in the country.
I don't have any close family abroad.
not Amsterdam, because I don't feel safe there in general,
Historical ones, yes
this has yet to happen but even if the actor had a strong accent we'd still lose our shit
*hmmm*
Tabornik
It's a amazing how a message can get distorted as it passes from mouth to mouth.
I mean, for us, it's a large route for shipping to Koper.
Usually they have a double citizenship, but whatever.
Wasn't it also the Weimar Republic that put heavier regulations on civilian firearm ownership
Bremza - Bremse - brake
With me it's weird because when i speak some words sound british and other american so it just creates this weird fusion of both accents
For my country Slovenia, it is German and Italian
Jesus, the questions here are getting more ridiculous every day.
Currently visiting a friend in Oslo.
Yes
Slovenia and Croatia have some disputes, but historically we've always been on the same side, and there are no "ethnic tensions" between us.
Nice
I would know, I have 2, but am quite far from posh (we also don't live on a farm)
The largest minorities are immigrants from ex-Yu countries and their children, Albanians, Roma, Italians and Hungarians
I just think refusing to grant a referendum to the relevant region shows that the government is afraid of the result, which probably means that the ref-proponents are on to something
I sometimes feel this guy pulls statistic out of his hind hole.
I think high schools here had different rules
Tick-borne meningitis is pretty common in Slovenia and somewhat rare generally in Europe
NATO gave Russia the license, they saw what NATO was doing and sayd "if they can do it, why cant we?"
It's probably all old people
Slovenia, homeland of Melania Trump
People with superiority complexes use the borders of the Slavic countries
Taviano I
Still is in rural areas
World’s first solar road opens in France: It’s ridiculous
It takes two to tango
you can fly to new your from Belgrade for 250€,
-)archaic-sounding English texts
LOL no :'''D there is no reason for black people to run from USA in such an event.
Usualy the state doeant share that opinion.
But I also say [Bóh pomági], so yes, it varies.
Not actually believing in (a) god, but leaning toward the possibility of its existance...
Sami are probably the last Europeans I'd imagine complaining about it.
Shhhh, you'll summon /u/collectiveindividual.
It's one of the most common baby foods all over Slovenia
i actually always thought kazakhstan was a democracy
The same goes for different ways of measuring: let’s all agree to go metric.
Using “kateri” instead of “ki”. Meaning “which”, “kateri” should only be used when “ki” makes the sentence ambiguous
I'd like to further research this
... ...  why
The best thing was barbecue for everyone living in his apartments, so a shit ton of meat for like 20 people of all nations; Slovaks, Ukrainians, Austrians and us sitting behind one table, just fantastic experience.
Thank you, then you know how it looks like when your whole life construct suddenly crumbles.
That’s interesting, in (Istrian) dialect we call hammer “bt” and my grandpa always called the sledgehammer “macola” - however for the latter it might not be a dialect word but rather a word  that he started to use when he was serving in the Yugoslav Army in Beograd
This whole thing realistically would probably never happen.
We have lockers, but we usually use them just to keep shoes and umbrellas there or winter clothes
I figured it must be something like this since it is lower in quality compared to others.
It's tragic because it's so preventable
That swam is still next to rome.
Are there enough people fed up of them
Recently they've been attacking high school kids.
There are still some Germans living in Slovenia and German is tought as a second language (instead of English) in some primary schools, at least in Styria
" Sounds less funny when translated, but the whole crew was cry-laughing
This is what they do and for a long time we let them, because the products were cheaper.
It's also a source of the Jezernica River, which is the shortest river in Slovenia (55 meters)
you have a real fetish for your flag.
Pipistrel light aircraft manufacturer.
Unemployed get coverage through assistance for unemployed or through family members or they can pay for it themselves
Wasn't it about not shaving underpits?
blasphemy
As a male, maybe
But in spoken form, I think I'd have troubles distinguishing Danish/Swedish/Norwegian.
At least you seem to be having fun with yours though
Makes me sometimes think, what if trialism had succeeded...
Majority who voted were old people driven to the polls directly from church.
now again, he talks about the left, but I think the parallels are obvious
Rdeči cvet is my favouriet obviously
There's no Ikea in Slovenia (yet).
You misspeled croatian propaganda as "actual facts".
There are probably some names and last names you can't chose, but you can try?
And if you have an extra day, visit lake Bohinj
Frankly, I don't follow enough to seriously comment.
Then run crying back to French mama.
The fact that  nor FRI nor IJS managed to do this speaks for itself
You mean 1914 or something else
Crawl everywhere and touch everything?
I woke up all of a sudden, didn't know why
What an irony
Heavily brigaded post
Now now, slow down your mental gimnastics to get out of the percived acusation and realize what I said.
Brown bear and Wild boar females are probably most dangerous if you encounter them with cubs
Promaja, the first, second and third cause of death in the Balkans
Oh and a cherry on top: a lot of doctors actually have a private side business that they do after work at the public hospitals
and automotive technology, probably.
Dosen't the name come from Huruvat tribe?
Does this explain high AIDS rates?
And no, vinegar doesn't do shit.
Sport commentator Stare when he heard that drkati is skating/sliding started to excessively use it, I remember something in this line "Look at Peter Prevc how beautifully he masturbates on in-run" or comment on football tackle "How great was this masturbation"
You forgot one great person that the exported
Liberals are ruening this continent
The other one would be a nonspecific placed called vukojebina, the literal translation would be "place where wolves fuck".
After you sign it, they will point on other signatures (which are fake) and 30€ written next to it, as if someone before you donated 30€ and try to convince you to donate them money.
(i know it's not historically accurate but you get the point)
> This was shortsighted and it's good we became involved and then stayed to help after
Quails are rare, you can only get them if you know someone who grows them or in some specialised shops
I would be down with Czechland.
Žganje is not the same as rakija
I'm as atheist as they come and I celebrate all of those.
They're the ones without social classes, so they're the communists.
Once this happened everybody knew that there was no turning back.
Is possibly an art installation
The only downside is that we would have darkness until about 8
That's not a lot
Although they are separate town and Nova Gorica is younger (so they don't qualify), they're just across the border and, if the said border was gone, the two towns would be basically indiscernable on a map
We have to fight to get this removed after the elections
A significant part of map is light grey (Poland) (much more than Brits or China), yet you skipped them as if they don't exist or lumped them together with "people dedicated to a culture ..." if I am to understand your comment right.
"I thank you" and "We thank you" but without the first pronoun as it's reflected in the form of the verb
Istria is like heaven, but with lots of rocks and stones.
I am a smoker and I drink alcohol on occasion, but I think both should be more strictly regulated
I find trying to take over Eurasia with Yugoslavia a nice challenge, and the same goes for the Americas with whichever LatAm country
There are only a few minor exceptions where the letter 'l' at the end of the word is pronounced like 'u'. So for example, the world chair is 'stol', but pronounced more like 'stou'. But such words are very few
[We can and we will
It's annoying as hell sometimes.
Its burning for 2h now and i dont think using helicopters would do more damage at this point
Woops, true
We want liberal turkey not this mess that is currently under Erdogan.
You can get by for less if you need to save, but that would mean your diet wouldn't be very good and varied.
You're assuming that the system doesn't shape the culture.
It's similar, but we use all the fruit mixed together (apples, pears and plums) not just plums
You put them in the nut filling
Yeah, like why are all those people searching for water on a chocolate bar?
USA is in 45th place
Sorry
But we do have some large billboards advertising a certain right wing party
Most policemen are honorable and fair, but they are underpaid and understaffed.
Daily "user from the Baltics/Ukraine posts about Russia/Communism" thread
Damn, I love this photo
Mate, you could ask exactly the same question about your own country.
It creates a really loud bang, and usually when we were younger they sent the kids looking for the lids that flew off when the bang occured
No i want a utalitarian car that can fit 4 people+ lugage and has a decent range.
Ironically east part of Slovenia has snow
In Slovenia there was a company named Jogi that was making mattresses
how prosperous their citizens were in the long term from one ruler to the next, is highly debatable.
No, being politically correct usually means being in line with the political ideas that are considered to be correct at the moment.
He knows not what he does, the Twitto
B-but gentrification is e-evil...
We can finally change the name from Brexit to Stupid Brexit
[Karel Erjavec] - leader of the retirees party, been in every government since "Bajuks adventure"
Let's make "Less than 500" and "No Data" almost the same color
Lots of them, but I'll take Woody Guthrie for my "historical" pick and (cliched I know) Bernie Sanders for contemporary one.
Yes, that's probably a huge factor
So we are just ignoring the fact NDH existed now?
Same in Slovenia
I used decimal commas, points are for thousands
IIRC we're so neck and neck it's considered a tie
The question was about Slovenia though, not about a specific gold digger from Slovenia.
If you live in the countryside and have a garden and some fruit trees it's not that difficult to live without meat in the summer unless you really love čevapi parties.
I don't know about you, but Bosniaks aren't culturally almost the same as us
Ex-yu languages use the same or a very similar word
They might be conservative old fucks, but they aren't fascists.
I'mma just leave [this] "Map of Slovene Lands" from the mid-19th century here and show myself out
We probably do have them but they probably are pretty insignificant imo
Phew, a few more minutes and I'd have missed it
Slovenia is like a miniature version of a lot of countries put together
" or "You're dragging your tail behind
I would say the German accent is pretty obvious and heavy.
People usually went to Italy to buy stuff that were not available in my country
And well our European
Common folk don't benefit from it and it only invites chaos and challengers
:Exactly the reason Milošević shut it down
CENTRAL
I, however don't like the political situation at all
If we really disagree with a certain law, we have the ability to block it.
I love it how the guy casually reverses as if he can see anything out of the car hahah hilarious
Because Android is objectively better and we're less naive
[Tomaž Pengov - V nasmehu nekega dneva] Slovenian Nick Drake.
Germans didn't pay enough for what they did
The Pacific Theater was barely mentioned
When did you stop comparing yourselves to Slovenia?
Otherwise people here feel nostalgic for the old currency
Almost all our countries need a good clean-up.
moderc - bra (wise/blue think)
Even though he died four years ago, dog named "Lady" (16) comes everyday, sits and waits for him, in rain, snow or unbearable heat
Republika Makedonija or just Makedonija.
Our class was in Florence (we are from Slovenia bdw) and we were in the gallery, when some american tourist bumped into my classmate, jumped away shocked and with this really obnoxious american accent said: "God bless America
Random thought - is the Queen actually a citizen in the strictest legal sense
[The question] is "Do you approve of compulsory insertion of fruit coated in sugar syrup, known as candied fruit, into the recipe of Christmas cake commonly known as pandoro?"
🇬🇧 comedy cant hold a candle to 🇷🇸 comedy
I have never heard her speak Slovenian.
It is almost incredible how centralized we have become after the completion of the highway system
But it is always at the fixed rate that was determined for the changeover.
I also realise that one shitty neighbor doesn't reflect on their entire population
if only radioactive waste would also be split in two
Driving 1 hour away is considered a day trip that requires sandwiches being packed
In a situation where the EU and Russia (and presumably all the countries in between) are bonding this much, the US would literally have to declare war on all of Europe + Russia
Yugo was a laughing stock in the west
Snow is white shit falling from the sky
So imagine my expression when looking trough TV schedule to find a family movie around noon called Let's masturbate together
Now, I'm willing to believe that this might actually be what happened in this case, but only because none of the other explanations seems very likely either.
free energy so to speak
Unfortunately Ulrich II was asassinated in Belgrade by László Hunyadi.
So, like English where you sometimes say 'you two' or 'a pair of'
I guess you get what you pay but this hostel was rotten and not worth even 0,10€.
I want to watch this, aber mein deutsch ist nicht gut.
"Midva" is supposed to be the most beutiful word in our language because it menas "us two". I think a few languages have dual but not many
Chetniks (name originates from before WWII as member of the četa - regular army company unit of the kingdom)- They flighted firstly for the king against Nazis, after they saw what Nazis done to retaliate (like burning village, shooting villagers) they called ceasefire with them at least until partisans would be destroyed
Žleht - schlecht - bad
Oh my, would would have guessed...
For someone that cared so much what stood besides roads he sure as hell wasn't good at avoiding those things
There is definitely stuff to see and do in our region, but we can't really compete with other regions of Slovenia ...
i don't think thats a good analegy.
*Gulf of Piran intensifies*
But who are you to decide whether they should suffer?
You mean like people fly fishing in the rivers?
O_o
what an interesting saying, love it
In the mid-to-late nineties when I was a child, people still discussed price of cars in Deutsche Mark :) But still, we had an official currency and used it, whereas these two countries just *don't* have any other currency.
That's why I'm mad, because the project is slowly falling apart
But these dialects are to my knowledge lost, since the Germans either don't use German any more or, more extensively, moved and were moved to Austria
That'd be neat
They're white text on camo background: [Example one] [example two]
It's way less messy, but you do need space for all the shoes
Sorry
I don't expect any country to be a shithole like some do.
This is probably the best Rick Roll I ever fell for
All of them will also have to pass a psych and phys exam and a weapon proficiency test.
How much truth there is those words, I don't know.
Mother Jones tracked and mapped shooting sprees over the three decades from 1982 to May of last year.
What about this guy, anyone remembers him?
I think the most famous political cartoon of Slovenia might be [Diareja] as in yes ...
Sat down and waited for a long time for someone to come which they never did
And Don Corleone ˇ just to see their reaction.
Apart from geographical proximity these countries also share their culture and history
Some are still nomads but in Slovenia, they have settled down in their own villages in the woods or anywhere else away from other people.
People don't get walfare money if they're unemployed?
Denying/trivialising the effects of a 5 century occupation is on the level of genicide denial.
We went thru the shitty 90s but now we live well
I don’t fear awkward silences.
we dont really have teapots at all
in a lake
politics aside, she's unremarkable.
druga Švica
Vasto F
[They're delicious in Lithuania]
Most homeless are 'invisible' homeless, meaning they have a roof over their head but don't have a permanent address or don't live in proper conditions *.
Just don't bother with this guy please.
Maintain eye contact for 5 seconds or more and you get called a pervert and a creep!
And Austria according to north Germans xD
While on the other hand our current prime minister and the hungarian president are good friends, and Janša gets his media and his party financed from Hungary
Not just right now
Should be that we are part of the Balkans or eastern Europe for Slovenia.
TV SLO 1 is first on the list and the most popular one is POP tv
Sadly, Slovenia just has too small a population to really compete.
But we're so used to things being close that seems so far away.
f is 'effing' o which is leaning on a bed (r).
Not to mention it talks about a free-thinking Slovene, who's politically aware, which I think fits well for a national anthem
Holy crap I have a friend in Varpolje?
Im not saying those aspects are not important to define a nation as an entety..What I am saying is that blod is th key to define is a person is a member of that enthety.
However don’t be fooled, your situation is so bad that it requires immediate action
Mesopotamia and Egypt are extremely specifc (have to know all Egyptian dynasties and their achievements)
In western democracies it might work because the productivity of citizens is THE income that the country relies upon thus they need to spend some time in their time in office (which is not limitless) to make something to make people just a bit more productive + it's a crowd pleaser which usually results in second term
- druga ženska sklanjatev (perut, -i)
Ima get myself a lonely planet or something :)
makes it visually distinct from the rest of Slovenia
Umm, I didn't know Slovenians are supposed to be tall
When I was a kid we used to play hide and seek down there.
It's an ugly industrial town in the middle of beautiful scenery
Eastern Europe is not a country.
Its been all over italian facebook recently.
This is AskEurope, not AmericanShitposting.
It's considered rude if you don't.
Very small, desert country, monarchy, barely any big stadiums, no football tradition whatsoever, human rights violations
They were surprised that we have snow, mountains, etc
My childhood's TV was made entirely of Czech cartoons.
I also learned that if there is a word for something in the landscape that I don't know, it is almost certainly another word for a bog
Indija Koromandija also perhaps
An Italian woman who was infected with Zika virus had to have an abortion here because she wasn't allowed to have one in Italy.
He is a right-wing politician who agrees with most of the views Trump had, even though they were extreme by EU (and Slovenian) standards
Learn your geography god damit.
The current format is too slow, there's a lot more wrong with the EU, I'm an EU federalist out of love and moreso skeptic as of late.
We had the same thing before this.
You obviously have no experience with kids.
Americans are dead set on desteoying each other
Its from the oldem times, when people still rode around in oxe carts and the hammer and the sicle were on the party flag
I think the reason for that bout animosity in the recent past was mainly due Bush's "war on terror", invasion of iraq, exporting of democracy and so on to which many europeans disagreed.
Yes, tones are pretty much innate.
I'm very pacifistic but I'm not naive
Do we even have any kind of a relationship?
And here I thaught you might start your turn by protecting the Moravian Germans.
Goriška
Bet youre glad for that half a centurs of socialism right now.
Same here
" but trust me it certainly can
That was nazism and fascism (to a smaller extent also communism).
Drkajva skupaj - Blades of glory
Starting from 1922, Fascism came to power in Italy.
Same in Tunisia
My brain is not working correctly in the morning
Ustaše? What does that have to do with us
But the same size, design, fonts, and colour scheme retained.
I think it would do good if there was more than steaks and bbq and other dishes already available in other restaurants.
I will take the right to participate in this thread because the countries that have adopted Euro had their own currencies before and they are very well remembered here.
Yeah sometimes
He's a regular Alexander, Boris
Im just saying they simply waited to see who would win :)
There was a similair video where people gave their opinions on Europe and it's position in the world.
But considering the situation the revolution put Russia into, this was the only possible outcome
I hate to say it, but studying something like East Asian studies is like shooting yourself in the foot
It's funny how brains sometimes (don't) work =)
Well, off the top of my head, there's [europa.eu] seems pretty big site.
I did not know that, interesting
Slovene quite often adds schwa before r or more rarely l to manage pronounciation of consonant clusters, but we don't use a letter for it
The language between places like Croatia, Bosnia and Serbia is the same, or at least super duper similar
Subreddit's subscribers as percentage of country's total population.
Prekmurje - jokes about how nobody understands their dialect
Of course they have distinct words/phrases
It was discontinued because it was old fashioned
Im going to say mostly Samsung.
idk how it's in Poland and Hungary but people here don't ask for money for giving directions, chatting and being helpful in other ways.
Also Zala and Špela for women (although Špela is derived from Elizabeta, but not really recognisable).
I mean, we had it
It's actually because of those countries' neutrality.
It would rather be a carmaking centre (Revoz, Adria), but thats about it
Music is culture
I've noticed many people on the Internet seem to be disgusted because of blood but [krvavice] (blood sausages) are great.
I studied Italian for 6 years in school and while it was harder to get a grasp of what sounds right (because I don't really watch Italian tv) The rules had fewer exceptions and the exceptions still adhered to a pattern
Why is there these wannabe ghetto kids in mostly rich european countries
Slovenias should take note
But I think there's 2 commenting
Those windows are pretty much the norm everywhere in Europe
šraufenciger (schraubenzieher : izvijač), zic (sitz : sedež), raufnk (Rauchfang : dimnik), ajmer/emper (eimer : vedro), štumfi (strümpfe : nogavice), firtuh (vortuch : predpasnik), dihtunga (dischtung : tesnilo), štekar (stecker - stikalo), štrom (strom : elektrika), šajtrga (Scheibtruhe : samokolnica), šnicl (schnitzel : zrezek), beštek (besteck : jedilni pribor), šnitloh (Schnittlauch : drobnjak), šalca (schale : skodelica), šefla (scheufel - zajemalka), ajznpan (eisenbahn - železnica), britof (friedhof - pokopališče), cuker (zucker - sladkor), ek (ecke - vogal), froštik (frühstück - zajtrk), gips (gips - mavec), ibercug (überzug - delovna obleka), jager (jäger - lovec), cigel (ziegel - opeka), flek (fleck - madež), flaša (flasche - steklenica), hozetregerji (hosenträger - naramnice), heksenšus (hexenschuss - ?), ksiht (gesicht - obraz), kšeft (geschäft - posel), knof (knopf - gumb), ketna (kette - veriga), kinderpet (kinderbett - otroška postelja), kelner (kelner - natakar), kremšnita (kremschnitte - kremna rezina), luft (luft - zrak), lojtra (leiter - lestev), lager (lager - skladišče), maler (maler - pleskar), mantl (mantel - plašč), ringlc (ohring - uhan), ohcet (hochzeit - poroka), parkplac (parkplatz - parkirišče), pubec (bube - fant), puter (butter - maslo), pupa (puppe - punčka), raubar (räuber - razbojnik), rigel (riegel - zapah), šrauf (schraube - vijak), šefla (scheuel - zajemalka), šuh (schuh - čevelj), špegl (spiegel - ogledalo), taška (tasche - torbica), teglc (tiegel - lonček za rože), talar (teller - krožnik), tišloh (tischtuch - prt), vaga (wagge - tehtnica), vic (witz - šala), zoken (socken - nogavica), žajfa (seife - milo), žakel (sack - vreča), bremzati (bremsen - zavirati), erbati (erben - dedovati), fojtrati (füttren - krmiti), hopsati (hopsen - poskakovati), jamrati (jammern - stokati), koštati (kosten - poskusiti), lotati (löten - spajkati), nucati (nutzen - potrebovati), ofnati (öffnen . odpreti), pucati (putzen - čistiti), špilati (spielen - igrati), zelhati (selchen - prekajevati), žemlja (semmel), kajzerca (kaiserbun)
I think the height of it was a couple of years ago with a bunch of dank memes on instagram
it's the nearest coast from me
Then you have to order new documents and everything, it is quite costly.
That is not all middle eastern countries and you would get some points if most of the people from syria weren't sunni.
Actually, would be interesting to think about whether it even ever happens with English words of Germanic origin
Everyone knows the best known ones and then there's a ton people wouldn't believe even exist if you told them their names
Suddenly, a thread full of inappropriate jokes.
I believe you, had some classmates from your area, horrible!
Even more so when you take into account that there was no auto tracking at that time
Passport is quite large so if you go to Croatia for a daytrip or shopping in Austria (yes sometimes they check in border crossing in Austria even though we are Schengen) so ID is more practical because you can always have it in the wallet
Is it completely normal to have temperatures up to 40°C?
But pushing this agenda that putin and trump are somehow like Goebbels is laughable.
I don't get it, there is even less wit in Russia than in the Holy Tsardom of Celestial Serbia.
Well yes, parents are usually at work by then
UK is mad up of more countries.
Bled is an incredibly pretty place, but it is not the only thing we have to offer, and therefore overrated
At least 18 countries in Europe have opt-out systems.
You can, for example, usually recognise a Muslim Bosnian (Bosniak), because of darker skin and visible Turkish features, but not really Serbian or Croatian Bosnian, because they look more general South Slavic
They're always family businesses or handled between friends, I don't think they hire anyone.
They are also very afraid of being accused of rape and partying culture and dating culture
The best thing about it, is how easily you can recognise the copypasta in any language.
Merkur is selling groceries
Its a completely cultural thing.
Worst of all, they're really slow
As for trade - there is no way the US can control the Mediterranean
Lada overall was also pretty popular
Working-from-home jobs are also gaining in popularity.
I really don't want us to end up that way
Italian
Hej, a bi šel ti z mano na izlet.
Wait what
Ah we don't have this brand :D . those guys are football club supporters, the name viola is from color violet, color that players of FC Maribor are wearing on home matches
I haven't really had a culture shock while travelling inside Slovenia because it is so small
They have been doing this in Slovenia for yeas unnoticed.
You don't know a lot about Yugoslavia, do you?
I know, never found an answer as to why that's the case)))))
That all men free,
In primary school I remember we had to know the three decisive battles: Stalingrad, El Alamein and Midway (even though it's bullshit)
CIA already knows all about it fre NSA globalist plot orcestrated by the lizard people.
and a lot of those births are from gypsies
Frankfurt and Barcelona are just as different as Kiev and Amsterdam.
Complaints have been filed in all U.S. countries with a close outcome
I barely interact with neighbours, dont drink alchohol and havent commited suicide so far
Just like they did in 2002, when the daughter's dad got into the second round.
Mam več ko 300 potrjenih ubojov
But I know plenty of people who have said this yes.
Yes
It is quite clear that the plans for it were lobbied by politicians who thought they were more intellingent then skilled planners
Just like in Slovenia Hungarian is offitial in the region where they naturaly live.
25th is reserved to visit family if you wish so.
There was one with "Working in Germany" in the middle
All this increased the intense resentment between the two ethnic groups.
You normally greet someone you don't know with it
Finland is a EU member, what are you on about?
Bruh
Example: There were wolves on the hill yesterday
[Slovene ID card]
- tretja srednja sklanjatev (tri, npr
Why would you need to pay more?
The sheer amount of consonants scares non-Slavic speakers
After that, one must pass a theoretical test and then one is allowed to start driving.
More like the higher the delta-average-salary between the tourist's own country and the target country, the more the tourist expects the locals to accommodate them
I feel like it would kickstart the economy.
And these are survivors of that era.
As you can see from this illustration, it won't matter anyway once Brexit is reached
Maybe Ljubljana castle as well
Here it's 7 (school kids and adults) and 15 days (kindergarten kids and special needs) everytime they're sick
15+°C - t-shirt
Russian military is outdated and has lots of problems.
Sveta Trojica v Slovenskih goricah (Holy Trinity in the Slovenian hills) - 30 letters
I do think it was discriminatory they banned you, or rather didn't accept you, based on your nationality.
They go to training a few times a year on paid vacation covered by the state.
And/or frequent charging stations (they seem to be rather rare in this part).
But that will only work if you put your real name and adredss on the net, the police hasn't got the resources to trak you down frew your IP
I still remember that I almost died laughing when my boss told him one day: "If wehrmacht had people like you leading, the only way they'd reach Istanbul would be with the index finger on the map
Ours didn't but my school windows did and I was very confused at first
You can hardly call it a museum.
We've probably had these issues for longer than any other Slavic country
Are you caling OP a carma whore?
I don't think I know anyone who's ever tasted it
I doubt there's many names common in all Slavic languages
You’d get a lot of wierd looks from people if you said thanks
take off your shoes when going indoor
Your helth vare is worst than Cuba m8
Welcome to 2017: When brainwashing is easier than ever before.
Used for both hello and goodbye in Slovenia.
I guess you fall under the extreme left (pretty close to the extreme right), we have no such party.
But Romania didn't expel its Germans, so I wonder...
Like Breaking Bad
Kinda surprised Slovenia is this high
Yes
You get arrested for something in Burkina Faso.
This animosety is nocoming from Edinburg but from London.
There's no mystery to it
Because there is no uncontroversial definition of Europe.
You germans and your anshlusing :P
waw
And 6
I generally vote the party closest to my views, or at least one that has some ideas I find good
Ne vem, a niste imeli Etike in družbe v šoli, kjer ste se učili pojme kot so nacionalnost, državljanstvo, narod in podobno
This is why ai ask wich ondependance :D
Kinda surprised Slovenia is this high
West is rich and modern while russia is cultural ally.
It also depended on company
Former prisoner, vigorous retweeter of far right content, devout communist (even the communist party didnt accept him, he was too radical) who turned against 'communists', he can not explain some of his wealth (hmhm), a part of the Patria scandal, where all of the acters from other countries went to jail or were found guilty and i could go on really
But then again I grew up watching crocodile hunter on animal planet so that could be the reason lol
It seems to have similar powers to those of the Welsh, Northern Irish and Scottish devolved governments, thereby giving London more control over its affairs than other parts of England.
No, I didn't know that was a thing
200 years from now, his face will be on 100€ bill.
You conviniently left out all other adjectives.
But Nikolić is harmles and lovable :P
Servia seems to be everywhere except Serbia.
Where does Slovenian wife hide money from drunken husband - She puts it on the table and says touch it if you dare
Isn't it just toasted sandwich with ham and cheese?
But yeah, as a slovenian I would have a hard time to live in a totally flat rural area like that
And now that you mention it, it's true: any Slovene government that starts a medical reform is a dead man walking
Those people usually have a vested interest in Bosnian breakup.
Have you ever heard an Estonian speak?
In my village specifically we use old milk cans
Or perhaps she just wasnt threatened by a tank that likely didnt even bother pointing a gun at her
Logar valley, Trenta valley, Škocjan, Postojna...?
Slovenija should be on the list
In non-euro countries you usually pay nonregistered workers and bribes in euros.
Your English does sound like you have a speech impediment.
Ljubljana se konča kilometre pred Črno vasjo.
You can get Polish, German and French Nutella.
I think that Ogri comes from bastardisation of German Ungarn, which is just German for Hungary/Hungarians
Nowadays its often used just as a generic name for any non-alcoholic beer with a fruit taste
Their entire point is that they sit in the center of a square, like two rearing monoliths.
I know our school did it
Illegally, preferably on a floodplain, and then keeps a low profile until mass legalization?
Mattine F
*opica:* afne skačejo po drevesih
Words
I am opposed to it unless they also sell fish sticks with the same amount of fish in it.
Wouldnt it be esyer and smarter to directly subsedize the book prices than to give out cash to people?
I think the colors are based only on the word "year".
she probably doesn't any more) in the same country.
Ampak nisi mogel, nisi in zdaj plačuješ ceno, ti od Boga preklet idiot.
The larger the threat, the closer together it brings people.
Naah, he's the kind of gay that would hang out in the camp to meet new people.
Baggins is translated Bisagin in Slovenian - its a weird one
We were in Poland just two weeks ago for new years and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised
Raulio F
There was plenty of talk about it a few months ago.
Oh boy
Imagine trying to describe all the various fantasy weaponry, spells etc
Seriously, there's no realistic scenario in which the US can defeat a united Europe + Russia + all the traditional enemies of the US who are in the middle east and elsewhere, who'd join that alliance by default
I think I was there 2 or 3 years ago
I'm aware someone can have multiple hobbies/activities therefore can have different friends/cliques.
Nowadays no, but it was more common during yugoslavia and right after it.
In rural aread it is an everyday standard
Hehe, in all seriousness I prefer saying "ja", it sounds better than "da", don't know why
Some of my grandma's cousins were killed by the 3rd Reich
I have never heard a single one say that.
The important number is 4% YoY.
Pretty fun few days
That time of year it's usually grey, foggy, likely rainy, melancholic.
oops, autotranslate broke
Vodka is a sort of alcohol but šnops is often seen as medicine - something to drink if you've got stomach problems or if you're just not feeling right.
And, of course I find also the Balkans very interesting, being the part of Europe that was an intermediate between the Middle east and continental Europe
Wearing a niqab and a burqa is a no.
My limited Czech skills suggest she asks him if he has a mobile phone.
For example :
> the wealthy are smart and put the needs of the state above their own needs
I had a friend with me that attended farming school there, he could understand the lingo.
All the time, actually
If you want to be able to sue someone you should just use Red Hat Enterprise Linux and pay Red Hat for support.
Yeah, I think we're usually quite on par with most of the countries that should stay in the 'good results' bit per OP's rearrangement
Most people in my age group is putting some small amount away for retirement, since we're seeing the government retirement scheme drop lower and lower every few years
ELF EMMIT( digital headband that releases harmless electromagnetic pulses that encourage your brain to work in sync with your preferred state of mind)
> One day you find out that that one barricaded doorway in the basement of your secondary school leads down to an uncharted 16th century cellar system that runs the length of the town centre, but noone's been down there in a century
I suspect gaming is a euphemism here, but I don't want to know what for.
I actually technically learned about 'how children are made' quite early, from an illustrated encyclopedia which was the favourite book of my childhood
I think you're mostly looking at the S&D seats
21, 22, 23
So if I understand you correctly clear cutting is illegal in Romania, but in most cases forestry inspection services do a poor job of enforcing this rules or are corrupt and don't care about enforcing them?
I was looking for an answer from a fellow Slovene
My country only has 2 000 000 people 1000 is 0,5% and thats is quite significant
Even the way they dress is a lot of times different.
Quotes are still better than nonsense
Basketball and volleyball are pretty popular everywhere.
v tri deljeno s pet)
We're a family of 4 and have 3 cars.
But this, this is the very image of defiance against the old order of the day
I like some small snacks with or after wine though, like olives or a bit of cheese
Well we don't miss you
That is true but what will Eastern europe and South europe do?
Same here in Slovenia
Every small village that isn't near a city
Absolutely
"Drkati" is today referred to as jerking themself
So, all forms, all written announcments, all street signs etc, have to be in both languages
- Nymphadora Tonks - Fatale Tanga
Wall to wall carpets are not common at all here but heck no, you can't wear shoes inside.
3 per 100
We call real blueberries 'American blueberries'.
Hard Brexit is making me hard
I used to know the Introduction part of it by heart for years after we considered it in school
But we have loads of small villages and towns that have the most boring names imaginable
It's close enough for me to be able to ask for directions, but not close enough to have a conversation about rocket science.
I was expecting someone going batshit crazy at the end for him not using their correct pronouns.
Also, if you travel outside of Europe at all, you'll know that once you're coming back from Asia, landing in London, Athens, Lisbon, Warsaw, Frankfurt or Vienna all feels like coming home
And let me say, not only does each of these regions have their set of slang, Primorska is notorious for an accent that is pretty much impossible to understand to outsiders
I like a lot of what they're saying, but they're way too steeped in their own ideology.
Same
I guess they're not CRINGE W*sterners anymore, welcome based chads
Slovenske Konjice, Šentjur and area in between sounds 'hill-billysh'.
although this doesnt apply for the example you posted, its because even "i dont know" is an answer
It is not general, certainly
There are 30 judges at the Supreme Court and they are divided between the Civil Chamber, the Criminal Chamber, the Commercial Chamber, the Labour and Social Chamber, and the Administrative Chamber
Why that's simple: a big house, multiple cars, a goddamn yacht, the usual FLEX
You forgot the report by the anti-corruption commission exposing the PM's misterious cash purchases and realestate deals on the right, and the Ljubljana mayor's Cyprus based shell companies on the left.
Since last year or 2018 i think for the first time in human history more people live in cities than in the countryside
But we have Hofer (Aldi Süd) and I think Hungary as well.
At least McDonalds icecream machine works
And the only town in Italy slovenia is conected to is Opčine
To curse, you either use a borrowed word form former Yugoslavian languages, say literaly 'curses
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Vothe for Trump and maybee that will chainge.
Familiarity with a culture doesn't mean the same culture
There is a very very fine line between patriotic and nationalistic
I noticed quite an improvement in quality over last about 2 years
Thousands of cases are still pending
Haha I love to hear how others hear our language
If it would refer to all pots to make coffee in (like a cafetiera for example), then it would be good
I love google maps on ski resorts.
"approximately two sons"  holy shit
Listen, I would imagine it was very difficult to have a legal abortion in Poland even before this, so I assume the vast majority of abortions are illegal or made out of country, which means this doesn't really change much
Funny thing is, I was 13 that year as well
Secondly, Slovenia was the only part of Yugoslavia that was directly annexed and incorporated into the German 3rd Reich and Fascist Italy
I'm curious - how do Slovaks view Slovenians
No, it doesn't have a big sign beside it saying **"FUNDED BY EU BIATCH"** like these projects usually do
similar :
Stick to your side of the Atlantic, plenty of resource-rich countries to destabilise there
In fact in the light of recent events it wouldn't be unreasonable to increase the presence in the countries they are in already and maybe even in new countries if they allow it.
Sounds a bit like China, but without all the effort put in censorship and survelliance technologies
If you know there's a congestion on the highway you use an exit before the traffic stops and use regional roads
They're longer here, not like a ball
I myself am learning Russian and it truly is fascinating.
How about you guys merge with Slovakia and then we carve out a land corridor between Czekia and Slovenia frew Austria and Hungary like it was originally planned?
Amagad, just made me remember a scone of ham and a scone of cheese I had each time I was in Valencia
The right of self determination of a people is higher than any constitution, especially one that limits such a fundamental right
its strange, the immigrant crisis that was partly her own fault has lead to the whole of europe leaning further right, it caused brexit and the rise of far right parties.
Euro-Area Economic Momentum Bodes Well for Prices and Jobs
But now that I live in Ljubljana I don't do that anymore
They need much more room
Roman Catholic, definitely a believer, praying daily, attending church at least weekly.
I'm just saying most older people feel it was better than now
) and people they didn't like and some just for sadistic reasons
This only means the goods are too expensive.
It covers most of the Julian Alps in the north-western corner of the country.
I only remember [this one] I think it's a childrens song?
Better than USA whoooo whoo :P suck it 'muricans
50 Pa is extremely weak pressure, though.
"-ujemo" in the end just means we would make/act (on it)
As a slovenian this is very very true.
When the "old" Gorica (Gorizia in italian) was awarded to Italy in 1947, Yugoslavia decided to build a "new Gorica" on our side of the border
The Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (FERI) recently developed and withe the help of ESA launched the first Slovenian satellite
We actually took lessons on development of English language on example of Beowulf
When you dream of being a winged hussar but can't afford horse, wings or proper lance
The savings accounts are like 30 € per month allowance
But not all Yugoslav languages are Serbobosnomonteatian i Hercegovian.
Brown bear is found in many countries...
Nothing to see here, move along
I won't really bother with the entire US, instead I will focus on [Texas]
Yes of course, but it doesn't work on my mobile :)
Lavazza is trash compared to Goriziana and Trieste
Its about beginings of punk in slovenia and strugle of youth in 1980  slovenia
UUuuuu and Jeux Sans Frontières!
Heh
I feel closer to Austrians than I feel to Macedonians, Ukrainians etc., again for other reasons than linguistics.
It is really strange that Sweden and the Czech republic have the around the same population number.
I am not a teacher but this was repeated many times on TV
Pretty much everyone in Slovenia who lives in a house or has a weekend house/cottage.
Seems the last five generations of Slovenian graduates all moved to Austria.
A lot of history, but I just didn't feel any excitment going through the city
From anthem Zdravljica (the Toast) - France Prešern
People say that the EU is fucking them but trust me, when the project dies and war breaks out again in Europe, people will remember the EU
Depends on the circumstance
Adoptions in Slovenia per year are in single digits, usually not even going over 5.
Do you deny the british public the right to selfrule?
Are they all so chill there
If he is slovenian , i am gonna take great interest in him.
Seven, I think
Which brings me to another story where an Austrian understood (well, got the gist of the conversation) me and my friends talking in heavy dialect, meaning many German-derived words
I think 7th
Because they put their fucking lives on the line every moment of every day to protect their country and also to protect ungrateful countries full of wimpy-men (Europe).
From what I can find on the internet there's stil a few, yep.
They also increased their own salaries to the maximum still legal amount (while the country was going through a crisis, but not increasing the salaries of health workers)
And what makes you think the EU is capable of bombing anyone?
Can't find the video anywhere, so no link
Best effin thing I've ever tasted and I've had loads of Italian prosciutto in my life
Its not about customers, the can chose as it is.
Invading half of Europe is quite another
They love it and praise it as their capital, even in the Krajina region(I'm from a village so it may not be true for let's say Tuzla)
Originally, the Lower Carniolan dialect was spoken in the city, followed by Upper Carniolan but today, the "Ljubljana speech" is its own category because it's a form of mixed urban speech.
i prefere you can dance to it :D
That's a weird definition of "the only" you got there.
Because disaster can strike at any time
So yeah
We also have buses throughout our region going hourly, but they're mostly used by students and workers.
Lmao coming from an Albanian
Ok northern Slovenes
This has as much to do with population size as it does with GDP per capita.
But a particular blrand of neo-liberal
Politics are nasty business and anyone that thinks any of the leaders cared for the people is insane, and any of the generals were not looting and murdering phycopaths is delusional
There are two kinds of words 'borrowed' from other languages.
Are you saying that RS want to do that as a part of their desired secession?
I think you should rather sell it to Chinese, the last time I was there, every second shop was a Chinese shop.
She wanted the job (that was doomed to fail) and made everything worse (by triggering Article 50 without a plan)
Of course, kids don't participate in case of emergencies but they are just being trained through play.
It makes even less sense if I tell you that he worked (and still works) in Ljubljana
How about border tensions with Montenegro.
He is more famous as that guy from Transylvania
There was talk about legalizing it but it's such a dificult topic and so much to be done around it, it will take a while.
I feel like old people here are more sociable than the young.
Here is how I see things: Russia not only is a super power (terrorist state or otherwise), but is the one super power in our backyard
I would disagree with poor condition of our cycling paths.
You see Slovenes have suffered a foreighn boot for ower a milenia, and now we are independant.
Hallways are always full of dirt and sand after they come in from the playground
We have tons of castles, how many do you have?
People here would go public about it.
” is wrong
That way we have peace and quiet
Yep, I grew up on those and all the others that were available.
I think it depends on your insurance company, if they're willing to pay for it.
We have "anti-faschist" (I am firmly against our current government but can be a part of these people) protests going on and if you even mention Tito (the Yugoslavian dictator) was a dictator in their online groups they loose their shit
As a Slovenian so do I. Not because of the money sink, but because our president decided to side with Hungary and Poland
Yes I do and you can see this "European culture" in threads where we wonder why Americans do certain things and where Americans wonder why we do certain things
Ljubljana is at the centre and all the roads and railways meet there
And this data doesn't seem to corroborate the posted map ( [see my other comment] )
The Croats on the other side of the bar might have one, though.
Pretty much most of the time unless they english is very good
Even though he died four years ago, dog named "Lady" (16) comes everyday, sits and waits for him, in rain, snow or unbearable heat
The case with pounds is a bit more complex.
Left side would get absolutely destroyed
I just realized how much not having your own currency affects the cultural, national individuality
I love your username
There are predictions that a lot of ski centers will have to close in a few decades if thing continue this way
Really we do it without like, the musical instruments
I'd rank them Croatia (shared a country, lots of people speak the language),Austria (sort of idealized version of what "most" slovenians would want), Italy and then least and last Hungary.
I live in a bilingual area, where slovene and italian are official languages
Train ride from Ljubljana to Novo mesto
Why is Notranjska less developed
Im pretty sure Liberland recognized Molossia and Sea Land.
We also have mulled gin
so people walk outside in puddles and dirty streets and then walk on your carpet inside??
Usually by the time you go to school you're supposed to ride without those little wheels
Who cares whats written on toilet paper
I'm sure there far less chance of any trouble than if Hillary was elected.
"worse" also bosnia and serbia probably
1 - ena
Haha, you are rememberin Mexico-American war arent you :D same shit happened didnt it.
Are you familiar with the adriatic?
upvote ker pomoje se nism vidu slovenscine na redditu
it was not the best time to visit lake Bled though, the red water was disgusting
While we went there to get some diapers and a better Hi-Fi system, than one you could get here
Pasina I
Happy cake day, Ottoman
4 stoli, 5 stolov
Here, slightly outside of its natural habitat and surrounded by foreign species, we see the Slovene partaking in a rare but majestic and breathtaking ritual - expressing optimism.
This is a traditional old one without known author.
I feel no shame about having a red neck due to working outside.
A stopped clock may or may not be correct, depending on the situation.
In addition to wearing shoes inside which has been heavily debated here, it's also a faux pas to use the wrong kind of language.
Austria's out, Italy too, between Hungary and Croatia we'd have to go with Hungary I think.
), but I don't know much about that, there are probably some Croats or Slovenians here to comment on that
Sometimes I wonder the same thing.
Isnt öl oil
Tatti I
i think something like check-ia or check-ya
Nothing against Croatia but is unfair having a 50% stake and have nothing but gains
Isnt there another name than "on demand abortion"?
> Its the same with the Balkans that may or may not include Slovenia, Greece and Romania
Aglio e olio
Kinda looks like something out of Half Life 2
it's an OK flag, but makes confusion with Slovakia easy.
Also, if you're into "energies", there's Lake Bukovnica that's supposedly quite decent energy-wise, and there's the Grad Castle, which is an interesting one to check out
Yeah but the chancellor has more power than the president.
Oh come now, you cant blame Princip for shoting a guy he failed to asasinate when he drove past him twice.
My doctor has prescribed pain killers, but nothing works well enough.
We have a large trading port so that helped too.
made up race (Americans like to create new classes to devide people)
The level of denial on that sub is honestly impressive.
>it's a Swedish staple
good luck convincing russia that
No worries, honest mistake
You also have shit tons more rich people that increase that average salary a lot.
Than Ukrain (Azov and such) and such places will take you, no questions asked.
We need more of this kind of talk
Maybe you dont remember the OG far-right Haider.
how is this different from gambling for monopoly money or some such worthless item
[dragon]
Hungarians are a nation, Slovenes are a nation...
Same in Slovenia
Maybe I'm biased but I see us all being slavic and having cultural similarities
A few Armenians went for a walk in the desert and got lost, hardly a genocide.
You sure russia doesn't have that
Celovec(Klagenfurt) was/is also very important for Slovenians
You mean something like [this] We call it zaseka here.
If you learn just Slovenian to fluency without exposure to the dialects, everyone will understand you, but you'll still understand precious little of what natives are saying to each other, if they're all from the same part of the country, no matter which one
Signed: a čefur
Depending on our government at the time, we support the austerity block or the gib monies block, so that's another vote in the Council for whichever side
slovenes are like 30% west and 70%  south
I demand my battlefields to be fully fair-trade certified, pasture-grazed organic, none of that GMO, Paaschendale-crater-mud nonsense kids eat up these days
And I'm sure that a very tiny minority of PVV voters approves of the murder of Joe Cox.
When you first mention something, you use, for example, nov zvezek (A new notebook), when you mention it later on, you use novi zvezek (THE new notebook)
Is it no longer an aqueduct
The problem is that once you allow them to censor something small, what is there to stop them to cansor real news that dont fit their agenda?
As for Syria, of course they're there - they're allies
Yes, have you ever tried learning Slovene
hah
Probably somewhere in the forest-covered south of the country
In Slovenia we need 30 years to agree where the trains should go
Maybe we can form an alliance to get back Trieste ...
Surely you don’t consider communism as the defining characteristic of Slavic cultures
Yet this fact is still largely unknown even in Slovenia
Is that a legit stereotype/stat
Pro-Assad tweeps and redditors were cheering for Trump.
When I was a kid (quarter of a century ago) they also had lots of fast foods (burek, čevapi, pleskavice, kostanj, pomfri) available from them too, I miss those days.
Czech cartoons were very popular.
*Mein Gott, he's mansplaining again
And I, by the way, I don’t have a musical instrument
And let me say, not only does each of these regions have their set of slang, Primorska is notorious for an accent that is pretty much impossible to understand to outsiders
When I was still living near Slovenian-Austrian border I liked to go driving around Austrian Styria or Austrian Carinthia
Could be, yes
Homeguards - whose primary object was defending villages from "bandits who plundered and rape", Fore sure they did not fight Nazis who provided weapons for them but most were young boys brainwashed by catholic church and school
Whell you could also be celebrating the end of WW2, a nother independance
[One of her earlier performances, from 1965]
People also forget Nazis threatened violently people to join the domobranci, many of the captured partizans even.
From our time as an part of Yugoslavia I'd say it might be this [Bleiburg repatriations] we might be a rival for the title of country with most mass graves per square kilometer.
Ah yes, I've seen this on TV here in Slovenia.
Like this  , H pronunciation is the same in all Slavic Balkan languages
idk, I've seen a couple of threads about it on /r/slovenia & /r/croatia and the tone wasn't exactly super friendly (on both sides at times admittedly).
[Map of types here] as seen [here]
we are not different cultures tho.
Let's not forget that the Austrians actively favoured Slovene settling in the area because they deemed (rightfully) the Italians disloyal to the Hapsburg and wanting to unite with the kingdom of Italy, while Southern Slavs did not have such independentism plans, but rather increased autonomy within the empire.
I bought a bottle for myself, my grandma and my parents just in the right time
The languages are closely related and both of us essentially call ourselves 'Slavic' or 'Slav'. You would have thought the words are going to be similar
if he was running for president,
SLOVENCI, ASSEMBLE
Its the language of this here country.
because it came to Europe through Turkey.
poor girls, what kind of monsters can do such things...
German spies have been ridiculously useless for ages.
Was thinking of 10% of 10€. Sorry
Štajerska or [Pohorska bunka] (Pohorje is a massif in Styria) is a smoked, dried meat.
No, I'm thinking HEMA
Every else was poor
Although all the images online seem to try and hide it's uglyness
2021*
Sorry, I don't think OP's map has much to do with anything
Usually a sister/brother or a cousin, sometimes a friend, aunt/uncle your own godmother/godfather...
I hate living here right now because I consider myself a leftist, yet I have no place in my country
One week on the island of Krk, Croatia.
It's like saying Spaniards and Swedes look the same.
Maybe they avoided jail (there may still be a loophole somewhere to imprison them), but they don't deserve to sit in office one second longer.
We are not gonna fight USA you dumbass.
The largest minorities are immigrants from ex-Yu countries and their children, Albanians, Roma, Italians and Hungarians
But i have no idea whether I or one of my brothers would get the court job
And that Balkan comes from Ottoman times because the ottomans gave the land of south-east Europe when they had it under control the name [Balkan] which in Turkish means "[mountain chain] (if I'm not mistaken) and we were never part of the [Ottoman empire] So I would always rather say we are part of central Europe than Balkan even though some will say language or last 100 years makes us a Balkan nation but that is more or less a political view which is a popular but not always the right view anyway
Hey man if you are anti EU and pro russian and some serbian migrant don't portray your views on the whole country.
Italy has a population of 60 milion and Russia has a population of 145 million.
We dont even have regions
*Let's offend a country that we didn't even know that exists* lmao
We also have mulled gin
MundaneCustomer
[Maybe if you get rid of the skulls.]
Not really sure what this has to do with not wanting to debate with someone who knows shit about culture.
Could't be prouder right now
Leave it to a hungarian to call a fredom fighter a terrorist.
I just wonder how would this country look like today and which role it would have within the EU and more widely in the world
What if I told you Croatian and Slovenian are also pretty dissimilar and it's sometimes hard to understand that too
Italy for its military prowess or lack thereof
You misunderstood me
My school took us to all major museums in Ljubljana
I would sooner make a mistake and say 'du habst' than 'ha' for imperative.
This is meant for regular users.
A cool place to just chill and relax for a few hours.
I asked what a nation is, not what a country is.
It's tragic because it's so preventable
Also the Slovenian nuclear portion is most likely overinflated then
vienna is where most afghan and turks go, but still 80% of immigrants are european.
Mandarin
How do you know that man was unemployed?
We've been through some changes in the past, drastic changes ...
Boy scouts, and our group in particular was started by the founder of Boy scouts of Slovenia: Pavel Kunaver - Sivi Volk
We also have a city called New City
We could also do a CJ sending echother nationalety based deat threts ;)
Those that don't speak Slovene don't usually consider them Slovenes anyway so there is no reason for us to consider them Slovene either.
A se bos lubckou a?
An amazing insight into what happens when an organization has too much money and not enough oversight.
Wheres in war some idiot with ATGM can ruin your day
They interviewed one of the scientists who's been part of the collaboration and he said that this would make the financial and organisational aspect of the work easier.
No country will give you a future, darling.
We have dialects that are more different from each other than Slovenian is from Croatian, for example
The last time I saw the sun was when I went on a vacation to Croatia a few years ago
> very similar cuisine and love of rakija
All you'd need would be fruit, some containers, firewood and some branches (I haven't cooked myself but from what I understand, they're put in for taste).
Wwbsite:
We used to do it on r/slovenia but i got old because we ran out of words that rhyme with dečki (dudes)
Tripe
Developed in consideration of all the countries in the world
▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
I live in an apartment and it has happened that people walked into the wrong flat so I do lock them
We have quite a shortage
101 - stoena
Albanian, Welsh and Basque for me
As a small country with around 2 million speakers we're very incentivised to learn other languages.
its just something you eat when you plan on being cold
Yes, nobody expects the Slovenian uprising and then invasion from the south
PowerPoint slide - zdrsnica
Aulla F
He, his ministers, a lot of prominent party members, and a few rich hungarians are majority shareholders in right-wing media houses like Demokracija and Nova24
Does google maps cover any in Norway?
The Js got stuck in in 19th century for no better reason than to fuck with kids when they learn spelling, and probably looking more civilized
Talar - Teller - plate
>Glava, ramena, koljena i nožni prsti
Dude (plural) are bagpipes here as well.
Having a relationship of any kind is taboo now
drag - expensive
In my region (Zasavje) and my age group you'd be hard pressed to find anyone unable to speak and I can't think of a single person that wouldn't understand it.
Exactly, at least the EU as a whole should build a "sovereighn internet" protected with strong firewals
But on r/Slovenia I saw neon genesis Evangelion opening but it was Janez Janša lol
Maybe a natinalist Austria
Regulators, please, don’t back down
That’s the reason why the old Slovene word for rainbow named *pijavka* (related to piti which means to drink) was replaced with mavrica
The ones we had weren't "imported" from the East, they were our own
A short visit to a GP costs 7,26 €, a first curative visit 17,42 €.
i occasionally see people wearing scout cloths around their necks so its definitely still a thing
psi lajajo (3+ dogs are barking)
The only reason those two work for me is because they have a lot of empty space around them.
If you're ever talking with a person from there, best stick to SE Europe
I went for čevapi last week and saw zeljanica on the menu
Luvia F
I made a quick quip about your username and wished you merry holidays.
Just don't ever think people who claim to be liberal, moral, educated
Crazy
Something that can be creditted for bringing peace for the time being.
I onda ona: "Pita te **gde** ideš..." c-c-c
.so on, you were the firs ones who gave up on us all really, you taught you might be getting freedom, liberty but what did you really get.
They butchered our beautiful city
you can prepare it on many different ways, as a steak, pate, "fast food "horseburger"", you can cut it on tiny pieces and fry it otgether with onion
Slovenian words are replacing many foreign words
While asking Europeans
This translation is neither poetic nor accurate.
" If no -> no deal Brexit
It has a better geographical position.
only Croatia and Blatics have 1
> Hirscher
Yep servus quite common casual hello in slo.
They said she's violating their freedom of religion.
One I hate the most is that whole EE/Slavic part of Europe has the same culture and food.
2 stola
Mostly I don't really like the storm itself, especially since last year we had some hail damage
By gdp per capita it went like this in 2018:
Put super simply, after Slovenes and Croats were free from the Austrians, Hungarians, and Italians, i.e. post-WW1, they realized that staying solo would likely result in them getting reconquered by one or more of the former masters, so they thought let's join forces with Serbia as kind of equals
”. If it’s the friend, use “kateri mu je dal
10 - deset
> proper dark rye bread is all but impossible to find outside of Denmark
Is this just due to lack of records
Lunch is also provided by school but you don't have to have it, if you don't want to
Romania and bulgaria sure as hell arent getting immigration and their emigration numbers are crazy.
It does, I had a quick google check on etymology and found this:"From Byzantine Greek ἀθίγγανος ‎(athínganos) (Ἀθίγγανος ‎(Ἀthínganos)), ultimately from either the name of a Christian sect or a word meaning "untouchable"
I'm pretty sure you will get loads of data
You say go away to your mother, your father, your brother, your sister, but you no say go away to me
I do not think there is much chance that EU continues to exist if France leaves.
few more from the top of my head:
Cherry coke and some other stuff as well.
It's a remnant of a time where one of the kids stayed at home, took over the farm and took care of the elders
This raises a question what systematic privilage do white Europeans even have over non-whites?
What can I say about my town of 48000 then?
It was also very tragic, she tried so hard and was still incomprehensible most of the time
You can only be european with european ancestors.
In Slovenia that thing is pretty much easy to define:
Baklava is completely different.
If you can't distinguish between rounded mountains and pointy mountais and between a double cross and stars then perhaps ask a child to explain those differeces to you.
the thing is you treat Slovenian minority way worse then we do our Hungarian or Italians minoritys.
They were saying this WHILE their market share was in freefall
Ahh Dolenjska, never even knew thee
It is but it's ok we're used to it
No, no one cares about it here.
Nothing happend as of now , my country has 2,7 gdp growth.
Hm, has always been "cifra ali mož" for me!
For reference the "city" that I live in is a town of 10k people
Could you provide that Coat of Arms please?
Sooo, new capital for Belarus
Fun for the whole family
It's goin to open this fall, if everything goes right
It like a hybrid between a handshake and a high five
dude you're killing me
The Ottomans referred to them as kristianlar while the Orthodox and Catholics were called gebir or kafir, meaning "unbeliever".[46]
Communism was defeated by capitalists driving bigger cars, having more stuff in supermarkets and listening to better pop music.
That pissed me off
Being part of the same alliance as your neighbours is definitely one of them.
No Czech can survive in the mountains.
Austria is carniola
Heck you can drive from one side of the country to the other in 3-4 hours
it's said with a smile though and a hefty dose of alcohol follows after that, just good natured joshing.
A house on lake Bled, Slovenia [OC]
Croatians were mass murderers (due to ndh) and wanted to kill all in Knin just because they're Serbs
Probably because we have an inferiority complex so we only ever talk about the statistics, where we rank well
No way, I was in spain for months but in Croatia people are way more open to being topless
Basically it's same-sex marriage in everything but name.
+ corruption, money disappearing thru bogus purchases into private pockets
I would also say it's easier than German as well (although I never properly studied it) since German has all those long words and my dislexia made it harder
Than take a 5m long rope, tie it around your neck and to the other end tie a suficiant weight to snap your neck 8google for your weight), drop the weight wit your weited arms and legs hanging ower the edge.
Do you say 97 in worse way than the French say 98
I honestly don't know any other Carinthian than Tina Maze and one of my friends.
When I was younger I watched German VIVA TV and liked a lot of German artists.
Ez for ence
First explain what Balkan culture is.
[Here's an image i found online]
Making excuses for unlikely scenarios doesnt lend any credibility to OP's story
Sure, five days isn't quite a week and an average over 5 days isn't quite the same as a daily number.
See both sides had guns, he chose to live in any case XD
If things do go to shit however, I'll most likely move to Austria, or failing that, Croatia
Useful knowledge should one end up in prison
a white US American could be European,
Why the fuck would you do that?
Yeah, we Eastern Europeans love less meat and more artificial sweetener and preservatives in our food.
I like our flag but I wouldn't mind a change.
Former Austro-Hungarian military warehouse and bakery, now a counter-cultural centre of Maribor
Managed to stamp out 90% of it, but I still have a bit of that distinctive slavic accent and I don't like it
dude you're killing me
I would like to visit the national parks some day, other than that I don't see the appeal.
and meanwhile my flatmate thought her cats were playing with the closets
Quaran teaches what you want it to teach you.
Sadly the commercial parts were never completed and usually transformed into flats themselves, mostly because there was a great shortage of them
You guys really do have a great relationship with dogs and they are super friendly
Last time I checked the only ones that help politicians are people that support them
How much opportunities is there to meet new people and how open are they for mating?
Also, there is a town of Gorizia with 34000 inhabitants just behind the border, yet it doesnt have a shopping centre
Other countries have oncology sections and St.
The sad thing is that I find many countrimed adopting those rhetorics and becoming increasingly intolerant of any slightly divergent opinion
The view from the fortress is nice, yes.
Our region is colloquialy known here as:"Mat kurba".
The situation in Slovenia is a mix of tragedy and comedy.
It has stretched to a whole month now.
Same for the EU as a whole, I guess.
And the new cigarete law equates tham with cigarets
I have to correct you: Slovenia has only 2 million people (not 4) and we sadly don't have Plitvice lakes which are in fact in Croatia.
I remember we had to do presentation about different religions and in 8th it was more about politics, environment and so on
I once tried asking lefties (I consider myself pretty left), who were completely against the idea of getting along what the end goal is
Climate and nature
Block and argue and you lose much more time
You moved tents because of a little hedgehog
It was an
The biggest difference was how both sides bounced from oil crisis of the 70's. The west got it's "reaganomics" (the first step towards current neoliberalism) economic boom, while the east including Yugoslavia slowly stagnated
Fužine also has a new retirenment home and is a pretty boring neighbourhood.
So namely, the Middle East, Turkey, the Caucasus, Ukraine and Belarus
It's like when I was trying to teach portuguese speakers to say "cesta" in Slovenian
I'd be surprised if more than 35 are right :D
It cycles between being put in the law and repealed by a publicly initiated referendum.
Maybe we should start a lettter writing campain to our goverments to recognize poor little Trensnistria.
Slovenia is the stuck up version of Serbia.
Republika Srpska should be able to secede
At least there are weekly and monthy ones available now (which are still pretty expensive, comparative to austria)
it's a cool rhyme :) I always chuckle.
the result are exactly what you’d expect: Poland, Hungary far ahead (or maybe behind is a better word)
Do kids in kindergarten wear shoes all day as well
Fuck Assassin's Creed, there should be a computer game about him.
like saying the US civil war was between USA and Mexico.
In reality, the Russians have killed the Queen and replaced her with an impostor, a Russian spy.
Every year
Wanna trade with Slovenia
Who in the hell has a negative opinion on Liechtenstein
I don't think anyone lives on the island
But yeah, poultry, unless you buy it from a local farmer or grandma strangles a chicken for you, is fed with antibiotics.
think you misunderstood what i wrote, reread please
There's a running joke about this corridor:
You might think "The chances of war breaking out in this day and age are close to 0
Slovenia at it's greatest extent as imagined by Peter Kozler
no that's about for those who speak english, how good they speak it...eg if only 1% of pop can speak english but that 1% can have proficiency of 80%.
The rest are just general, when, where, what
Like dying in the street because no cash for hospital is liberty and freedom
* 1300 years as part of Central European empires - check
If you have a freezer and a fan, just freeze bottles of water and put them in front of a turned on fan.
Facemasks are gone, same as everywhere, and disinfectants are running low as well (couldn't find any hand sanitizer, had to get 70% ethanol from the pharmacy)
There's some idiots who will say it and mean it, also present on this subreddit (he's quite known here as a major idiot so ignore him if you ever see him say anything).
Wasn't there a minor scandal when it turned out all our bees were dying?
Which i think its a great policy in my opinion without affecting visas already in effect.
That (in reverse obvs) is precisely my impression of Slovakia
And [this] is a worthwile film on the topic, from a bit earlier era, when you couldn't consult Google in case of doubt.
They're straight up dictatorial.
Not to mention the US taking on the role of the so-called arsenal of democracy
"Slavimo slavno slavo slovanov slavnih."
A lot of it depends on the individual.
I love the eyepatch you gave to some (including mine)
Just look at the Middle East where secular and democratic nations of 70s turned much more authoritarian and religious
Croatia - I enjoyed my holidays there so I guess I like their climate, beaches and other things that go with that.
and they have the best neretva (supposedly)
Go to Vrhniška noč and tell me I'm wrong
Savero I
Definitely hasn't gotten to do with corruption and politics
It all depends on who his successor is.
Churches, chapels, little chapels (you can't walk into), crosses, statues - you name it.
Svoj/tvoj or svoj/moj (“svoj” is a reflexive possessive pronoun, used to stress when something is your/one’s *own* instead of using the regular tvoj (yours) or moj (mine))
The Triglav National Park is the only national park in Slovenia, but it's large and covers 4% of our territory.
One of them, Viktor, lost his leg in a fight but it grew back
But if you're eligible, why not go for both?
You know, not everyone does everything in life with a goal of appearing intelligent.
I don't think I'll live long enough for it to be a super huge shift anyway.
Well, is the matura dance really "for parents"? I thougt it was more like a fun last evening with your schoolmates
Not very popular, especially since the rise of the internet.
She didn't ever enter even if they were open.
They'd get dragged into a nuclear winter nonetheless.
Its not like Putin can march all acros the EU just because.
Of course they are going to say that.
Now you are just loud guests who drive really slow, but we like you
> Central Europe
Those that do, speak normal Slovene and there's plenty of them.
Nope, velemesto=metropolis, mesto=city.
turn to christianity and everybody will love you habibi.
Honestly, I'd prefer a nice regional alliance over NATO
100 %
What are European leaders / known figures saying about US elections?
Nobody actually pronounces Js, so it's Loo-blah-nah
OK, serious question: was it really necessary to abolish the caliphate too back then?
Also, Rijeka (or Reka) literally means river, though that's in Croatia
He keeps saying nein,nein,nein...I can't understand him.
But a bimbo Hungarianm László Hunyadi, assassinated the last of Cilli's, Ulrich II, in Belgrade which meant the end of the whole family.
2) The gas crisis was universal in the 70's. and 3) until the "young-economist" took over and destroyed our economy our model was basically just updated version of Kavčič's from the 60's.
But
I don't think that'd happen
Geo, Discovery channel, TLC, Disney, etc.
And if any Russians have other interesting Russian sci-fi
18.000 orphans or 18.000 kids in state care?
One is luna, which is female, and mesec, which is male
I dobt think a map was ever as accurate as this one
You can make a pretty good guess often, but there are many exceptions everywhere and you can burn easily
Because of the reasons written above
Our main conservative party is more center right and its leader is a joke who's been in prison not even a year ago.
Yeah you better keep čvarke away from me because I eat those babies like candy!
Basically I eat for free all the time except at weekends, I don't think that's possible at universities anywhere.
Combine that with the French starting to sing the anthem out of nothing, it was a glorious night
It should depend on how long you've lived there, but yes.
With taxation you take money from the wealthy people and give it to the poor people.
First using the term 'Serbia' and not the 'Serb government and/or military of the 90s' is actually branding the whole nation as killers and terrorists
\*with a purchase of 5 tonnes of ammonium nitrate
How cheap were they before
Ministrstvo za obrambo (Republike Slovenije )
They would consider themselves Serbian.
First we need to qualify
Idk, it's weird
Maybe a flight from the cities will occur.
Exactly my point
I knew he was Slovene the moment I heard him speak.
Baggins is translated Bisagin in Slovenian - its a weird one
And Sveti Nikolaj or Miklavž for short on St.
Why do they hate Russia
Old parties lost huge amounts of seats.
Vide games are for week minded people.
Americans are in European countries by invitation, they are not "occupiers".
All i wanted to say is that for such a short war there was quite alot of action.
Well, not from here but in Serbia I saw chips with sarma flavour.
I mean they were part of the same country for centuries, almost a millennium (Czechia and Slovenia were even part of the Holy Roman Empire, moreover, Slovenia was part of the Frankish Empire)
my kindle (survived diving in sea
I know there's one friday in the year when some people eat fish.
A lot of pundits have said the same thing
If you watch Jimmy Kimmel's interviews on the street in Hollywood where everyone babbles even if they don't know anything about the topic...
r/GenZedong virgins are gonna storm your comment section, OP
In Slovenia we (colloquially) use both
The term “Slovenske” was added in Yugoslav times to not confuse it with Bosnian town of Konjic
Not us
In Slovenia we mostly have UK or Scandinavian films
Bruh, i dont watch nova tv
Gospodinjstvo it is called
Bed sheets looked like they were 70 years old and not washed in a while, beds were old and squeeky
But women will be preserved through the bearing of children if they continue in faith and love and sanctity with self-restraint.
Sitting with the other Balkans, but not feeling very welcome there, therefore trying desperately to join the conversation with the other countries
We have a common travel area, so we make our deals together, otherwise it all falls apart
Top 40 doesn't have a single Slovene song.
Some countries have it in the middle and others on the hard shoulder
Just found out our country has 5 pornstars (Slovenia)
But I still dont get how the HRE, Prussia and worked.
Many of em
Well, I was going to write that
If you only know one European language you're way more limited.
But on the other hand Greece is finally out of recession.
Nicely sumed up
You're a čefur
> Also portions of food were much more smaller
One of more memorable incidents on a school trip to Italy:
C'mon, glue is more than enough, and it also doesn't look weird if you take it to school.
In the summer we would keep sunlight in the evenings and in the winter we would have an extra hour of sunlight in the afternoon so you could go for a walk
And stick to winter/solar time, not having constant DST, blah.
There is a Wiki article about floor numbering standards
We're thankful for your generous contribution to our road budget too ;)
According to a short Google search [Posavje] region is the cheapest.
Completely agree with you
Who's getting Bihać and Sanski Most?
I invoice fixed amount every month and pay all taxes here.
Sem mislil, da je to mišljena ločena kolesarska steza od ceste in od pločnika, kot je to ob Dunajski ali pa Celovški v Ljubljani.
15-5°C - sweater
Very popular in Slovenia as well.
Its fucking Moldova, hard to miss.
Is Radler called something else in English?
However, we also have a Constitutional Court that deals with constitutional matters and there are 9 justices that are elected for a 9 year term
People don’t know how to use dual and just use plural instead
And he was a father of eight too!
Several doctors were sent to prison over this about 2 months ago, high-profile orthopedic surgeons ([
Was
This was true at the time our standard language was established (almost 200 years ago).
If anyone's interested, [here] is a map of the dialects of Slovenian.
How would that even work
All the power is generated in Slovenia, but not all of it is owned by Slovenia.
Also biathlon events are regularly broadcasted live on national TV so I would say there is some interest for it.
Only has 3 tenses, no definite/indefinite articles, and the spelling is reasonably consistent
> and a federation of regions rather than countries
(((Followed by mum's self-satisfied chuckling as though she'd invented the joke herself
That's a big difference tough...
You can be both, you can be just one of them.
That really depends on the person
You should venture outside of Western Europe to the Slavic lands
The better they know english the better for tourists.
But why invest in places like the US when you can invest in [Eastern Poland]
The difference is though, that unlike Croatia, Slovenia was basically almost entirely destroyed by Austria
It is possible we just took the nearest equivalent we could find in the British educational system and used the name for our school
Croatian President Kolinda Grabar Kitarovic Photographed Holding Nazi-Fascist Flag
I'll admit I'm even more to the left of them, but I'm more for heterodox use of ideas, where you don't just follow mindlessly, but pick and choose based on critical thinking, or whatever.
Now I have chip and PIN and it works everywhere, although somewhere I still have to sign insted of putting in my PIN.
mostly because trump is a wildcard, china is provoking the seas, russia is paying to destabilize europe and europe itself is very shaky between any exits.
Melania's from Slovenia, so we better be #2 by default.
It's the devil you know versus the devil you don't. Russia doesn't drastically change course every 4-8 years
When Kresnik beats his opponent rain or golden wheat starts to fall.
They can adopt abroad, just not in Slovenia.
000 people tried to take control of a city hall while there were talks inside about drawing the borders between two states
I can sometimes get an airplane ticket for the price of crossing that bridge.
You do realize both Koreas agree that unification is the only solution?
But still they can clearly show where one comes from
The brain is much more important
I very much prefer [this] especially with (sour) milk.
Haven't heard of this
Turkey would never surpass central or east european countries in economic success.
Yes, absolutely, you really can’t do anything with knowing only slovenian, as it is spoken in one country, by 2 million people, and a 2 hour drive in any direction will land you in another country
We don't have the same language like Slovaks, but
And we don't have those stupid and childish initiation rites and sick over-zealous "sense of belonging".
It would be like talking to a brick wall.
But I mostly am shocked by some phrases people from Primorska (the sea region) say
We were in montenegro going to serbia on a roadtrip and an idea came up let’s go to kosovo while we’re down here
The four centuries of Ottoman rule also had a drastic impact on Bosnia's population make-up, which changed several times as a result of the empire's conquests, frequent wars with European powers, forced and economic migrations, and epidemics.
If we were to adopt isolationism from the US and increse trade with the BRICS we could easely ride out the storm.
Well, Slovenia is actually a Central European country
Kids are taught to throw balls without having a sport in mind.
It's probably just me, but in my circles people always preferred the Baptism at Savica (also by Prešeren):
We have no other island to show off
Many serbs and croats are best friends here.
of books read per year per person would be a much better indicator, imo
it was weird at first but he's an OK dude
In my experience, 15 minutes is fine.
I think so
which word
Poppy seeds are food, primarily for sweets, but also found in savoury bake goods
Novo Mesto probably holds the top spot for pharmaceuticals
Nope, German word is Steiermark.
Fareed Zakaria: Don’t despair: The center can still win in Europe
I generally know how to speak American English, but I may roll back to the hard Slovene consonants when my tongue refuses to collaborate with the brain
The room we stayed in had one little window that couldn't be closed because it was literally rotting
He couldn't do anything, he was guarding his factory and if he intervened they'd beat, arrest and beat him again too, plus he'd lose his job for abandoning his post.
I know a guy whose car and frontyard got destroyed by a bunch of drunk krampus guys
I feel like I need to do some googling
Osrednje slovenska
Is Becherovka something people still drink?
Imagine French jokes, but for Italians
It might give us the much needed push to get it done
Couldn't immagine it without help.
No, Slovenes are too diverse and there is no generic Slovene look
I think there was about 2 elections to date that I voted lesser evil, since fear of our current ruling party overcame my convictions
Our previous prime minister stepped down in February and a new government was set up by the president and the parliament without any elections
You are south slavic not eastern slavic.
I also noticed a big difference in the past few years, since "instagram hiking" became so popular, there are many more "city dewllers" that just ignore people
Colonialist is someone who advocates colonialism.
I really like how this is phrased
In Slovenia, it has historically been seen as bread for poor people who couldn't afford the proper white bread.
I haven't seen it yet, and now it's on my to-do list, thank you very much.
And it happens only on social media
The new right-wing ruling party (especially the prime minister Janez Janša) is very polarising - it either has a sizeable cult following or is hated
Savings depends on person's lifestyle
I have a feeling you haven't watched the video...
Everione is cremated and your ashes can only be scatered in some rare places (usualy are buried), the cheepest is on some grass in Ljubljana.
Over here and probably in most other countries, women don't HAVE to change their last name.
It's a good thing that the people from 1940 can't hurt him now.
Hence you get the affinity to dislike them even though you've never met one of them
Standardised products, safety standards for consumers and consumer protection we enjoy are UK's great contributions
You guys May want to stock up on good proxies.
Why do you think eastern and western Europe would have a different peeing culture?
Luckily for me I hate the language (except the fact that it's like the best language to swear in)
(slovenian has singular, dual and plural)
Whats with you brits and not reading existing responses to the same BS?
Depends on how things go with the second wave, but we had 2 months of school via internet before summer vacation so odds are, if isolation will continue into September, it'll be like that
Thus I speak Italian, Slovenian and am very familiar with Serb/Croatian/Bosnian
An execution is swift and humane, but it does not give us, the people, the feeling of satisfaction that you get knowing that he's stuck in prison where the soap is often slippery, if you know what I mean.
**Elementary school** we get History as a subject in 6th grade, before that, certain topics are incorporated into other subjects.
I think I voted 'against the guy' twice during this time and it is likely I'll do it the next time, since the leadership during the pandemic is above even his average for absolutely atrocious
Not to mention that the Croatian capital city is Zagreb.
Following year they estimate 3 of the forestry deaths and 20 injuries were connected
Hellooooo not every Styrian is from Maribor.
Its sunny outside, the birds are singing, and it looks like it will be an erly skiing season, with snow already in the mountins.
Neh, Liubliana doesn't sound right.
We don't bite anything
Most of the products in question are produced in Hungary and Poland, where labour costs are even lower then here.
I have a happy gap in knowledge of any texts in between the two
Mislim, da je fora v tem, da je kolesarska steza ločena od cestišča, ne bom pa trdil.
I was under the impression that devolution means that Westminster yields some of the power to the parliaments of NI, Scotland, and Wales
Similar in Slovenian "Zaljubil sem se **v** prelepo dekle."
if I read correctly you fall in the first group.
I agree
I think we have it 100 times better now
I think a nice lime green would fit pretty well
Everyone has a garden somewhere.
According to RTV article, it's either Sveti Trije Kralji v Slovenskih goricah or Sveta Trojica v Slovenskih goricah
Abortion in Yugoslavia was legalized in 1952.
But then again, I'm a young adult with an urban lifestyle, there are parts of the country (especially rural ones) that take religion much more seriously
the Hun
I mostly buy them, but sometimes I'll go and gather stuff by myself.
My guess it's because Slovene women are strict when it comes to romance and want to know very precisely whether by "we'll have fun" you mean just her and yourself or also her friend
I pity how confused typical Slovenian man is.
Are you really comparing Bosnian Muslims to Muslims from middle east?
Still, in general, being atheist is ok, nobody feels ashamed of it over here
Rarely have I ever heard it in the context of actually calling a monkey that
this is the grandma superfood it seems
Doubt it
Stari in slang between the same generation is considered friendly, but if you say it to someone actually older it's usually more in a rude way like: "stari, daj mi mir" (don't bother me, old man)
It was one of the largest concentration camps in Europe and the camp came to be known as "the Auschwitz of the Balkans".
Yeah
Look its obvious Im in the right here.
That (in reverse obvs) is precisely my impression of Slovakia
️ Fires
20 - **dva**jset
Yes
If I wrote in Slovenian and auto translated everyone would know immediately because flow of the words in sentences is very different and it is extreamly hard to translate automaticaly
I haven't really had a culture shock while travelling inside Slovenia because it is so small
Yeah but you have to consider that's *on top* off all the nations' own bureaucracies
Russia Cancels Economic Forum with Croatia
2 first names aren't a new thing (Example: Ana Marija was *very* common around 1940) and it's not a "posh" thing either, it's just a thing
Snow is the worst thing in the history of the universe
I believe it is widely exported, but it is only used as general name here
-ar
I don't know why you put the mythical €500 banknote in there as well
Not even hiding any of this really
chief hired by the school to create menus for the kids
However I realise that the doctors working only in the public system are not paid enough and since a significant increase in their wages is not in sight, there is probably no other way than to allow such practices
We are there almost every week I live in Jesenice which is about 10-12 I'm away
Just pointing out, this is support for the workers in Hungary, not support for Hungary passing those laws
Could easily understand everyday German only after watching those for a few years.
Well that feels a bit weird because in Slovenia we have this kind of social measure (called "children's addition") since when I remember, probably it existed even in Yugoslavia
Under 35 you'd be hard pressed to find someone that cannot speak english.
Ahahaha I love that statistic and am very proud it was not us
H is a righti polititian ho already led 2 goverments.
Nothing special, happened to me in Italy.
1 stol
We Slovenes like that it's underrated
Slovenščina: Slovene language in Slovenian; Slovenčina Slovak language in Slovak
perfect name for a turtle
Never heard of anyone hating the Dutch.
Ljubljana is at the centre and all the roads and railways meet there
**Just call first
Self-hating slavs is becoming a trend, thx god not in my country....
I wouldn't say that the young ones are okay with it either.
Whenever i drive par the storage yard.
But yeah the vignette system could definitely be better
And actually even before Schengen if you lived close to the border you would normally just be waved through (you had some special passes)
Civil union and marriage are equal in terms of law here.
It was a similar experience in Czechia
Alot of the people there think they're better than everyone else and that most of Slovenia that isn't Ljubljana are peasants
Where are you from
Not likely
The two best football clubs are based in these two cities (NK Olimpija and NK Maribor), as well as Slovenia's two biggest universities
And it cuts across generations
Looks like Poland is even more underdeveloped than we have thought.
Saying that UK was in this just for financial benefit is a gross misrepresentation of the truth
Pathetic
of books read per year per person would be a much better indicator, imo
its our premier, wannabe trump, shutting down news agency and we still have ~26% positive rate for more than 2 weeks, going nowhere
And even more, if all the energy that's put into alcohol abuse and hating & blaming all the other Balkan states for our misfortunes was instead put into research, development and innovation
Were they to make Android phones at the time of HTC Desire of Galaxy I, Nokia would remain the biggest  (smart)phone maker to this day
Just who do you mean by you
The average is scew tho since we have a lot of schools in villages where they have like 10 students
I am not interested in relevance of my country, but in the quality of life we have.
Because you contributed and are still contributing to the situation being what it is.
You sure russia doesn't have that
In the cities where people don't have gardens, many own small plots of land outside the city to grow vegetables there.
Biden: wait is that the guy who congratulated Trump on his win
> How to I die
Dolenjska&Štajerska - jokes about drunk people
Living in an old apartment building says nothing about your income
As for when, I'd rather not say anything.
If the reasons for those were never brought into existence, there would be no need for policemen being so armed.
Slovenians have traditionally been Catholics.
The UK foreign secretary Jeremy Hunt called Slovenia a former Soviet vassal state
[Here's] something about it by ETSC
I love it how the guy casually reverses as if he can see anything out of the car hahah hilarious
Lendava has this distinctively foreign air that I just don't feel in other border towns/cities
Talked to a Romanian friend as she was completely surprised we eat it as beef or pork meat
It looked really good back then ...
Novo mesto (meaning New City) was settled since the Early Iron Age (though it's name was given to it by Rudolf IV
It's a tradition
They don't have a [Prince of darkness] Khm...I mean [The Primc]
The tracks specifically are tiri (plural, male) or tirnice (plural, feminine), which supposedly comes from protoSlavic, basically meaning the path that someone makes where there was none before
Tradition is culture
The difference in wealth between Poland and Germany is smaller than the difference between Poland and Ukraine for instance.
Same users asking multiple questions.
They even had boxes for plastic potting pots.
You learn it as a kid
But Italian culture is only present in the western part of the country.
But some elders are still very sensitive when it comes historic events
And in Slovene "Pozor, policija varuje" is "Attention, police is protecting"  :D
pff, like that's in any way comparable.
Those are the only ones I can think off from the top of my head
Felt like dying in humid 40 weather, let alone 50
Easy peasy
If it were up to me we would put a big embargo on the UK.
Well, *macola* is also a hammer
In that case, the parent get a warning, and if they don't change their mind, the name remains and they get reported to social services
the first is a crime, the second is the very definition of politics/propaganda.
You can trust me my little multy acpunt i wont tell th man.
It is not as rare as we like to think though :)
I think that judging a whole continent by the subset most active on the internet and one commonly antagonised, that being "SJWs" and "libtards", is really fucking stupid.
I never thought I'll say this, but let's get the KKK into Europe, burn everything to the ground and get this over with.
From [this] to [this] The water drains through ponors, požiralniks and estavelas into the underground
I generally vote the party closest to my views, or at least one that has some ideas I find good
Probably just walked away
I'm sorry I didn't give you a proper answer but it's a really tough question.
As you might imagine she's quite the asshole herself
History - They spent most of their history under Hungarian rule, while the rest of Slovenia was under Austrian rule
They have all been approved for use so that's all I care.
'Hvala ti', 'hvala vam' and 'hvala vama'.
Did anyone in Denmark think about abandoning landmines and just tactically positioning lego bricks?
we need better and more efficient contraception in the first place.
Inhabited by Slovenes on all three sides
O_o
>Leberkas
If you want to build anythi g its realy bad to build upon roten fundations.
I'm sure if Ljubljana in Koper both had sea access there would be no competition
The closest one to me is Ikea Graz.
Have you seen how people on those boats look like?
Once in school we were listening to a dialect for an exercise and I literally couldn't understand anything
Ever since they came to power in March, there have been weekly protests in Ljubljana, demanding the government to step down
reeeeeeee
Whell after a war a lof of buildings and infrastructure is damaged wich needs to be repaired.
You can see it when you go to the garage bellow
Probably modern beekeeping, which was pioneered by Anton Janša in the 18th century
But 100 years ago there were a bit more than a million of slovenes with average birth per year of more than 40k...nowadays we get at best 20k.
We were supposed to stay for 2 nights
The guy's a brilliant movie director and very knowledgeable about films.
Obraz - Slovene Face; Slovak Painting
The table shows each country's generation capacity, so it's correct.
We only get a few cm of snow every 2 or 3 years- and even then it only lasts a day before it all melts :)
People who usualy read news like that are already decided anyways.
Well editing people out of photographs just to make it easier to create the layout of the front page isn't exactly a straightforward explanation either.
Started happening now during corona lockdowns
I swear there are more Dutch trailers on the road in the summer than there are regular cars.
I find the split between western and eastern europe fascinating(if i take the cold war division of europe).
They had to put hum down because he had a twisted stomach.
dont read the english media man.
She looks like a turbofolk singer.
It's the grocery store of social interaction
And Slovak is closely related to those Sami languages from Finland
I'm very pro voluntairy euthanasia.
Same in Slovene, both are “zmaj”
Due to economic problems caused by Corona Croatia doesn't have any fucks left to give
At least no nazi flags
And there were some physical references she believes chaged after he came back
They even proposed a law to forbid smoking outside in front of restaurats/cafes/bars if there's any sort of barier, like pots or parasols, around it.
Either that, or reporting of them increased by 700%.
The only optional one is for girls for HPV I believe
well I guess the general thing here would be, we mostly like attractive white women.
Kar seveda ne pomeni, da morajo bit še živeči ljudje, ampak glede na to, da je večina navedla še živeče ljudi...
When the cops caught us doing some stupid shit they would give us a slap and take us home, no paperwork.
Ljubljana at Sevnica is now the capitals name :D
[Spot on] even has the same smug face.
Prekmurje
Also a nursery home got hit, worst timing ever man
I can gather that it would be either Janez Janša (right wing politician) or Milan Kučan (retired left wing politician and ex-president).
What is it with Turkey and cats
I have been looking at it ever since Brexit
Every small village that isn't near a city
The population of the municipality I live in went from 4741 to 4977 in the past 18 years
When fibre came around, they jacked up the prices
Serbo-Croatian because of Yugoslavia
Train track: *exists*
The deadliest I can think of since we are an independent country is the [canoe accident near Blanca] July 3, 2008
Towards anyone not from Switzerland as far as I've heard
[Posadism alive and well in my homeland I see.]
not true, there's one in cross cave
it's a drinking song about unity and peace.
If you won't discuss politics while drunk you're pretty much good to go anywhere, and that's a good advice if you ever find yourself in all balkan countries.
Only one that I can think of that's still used (disregarding ethnically partially or formerly Slovene cities) is Vienna - Dunaj in Slovene
I know, I was trying to make a joke but was too lazy to phrase it properly.
- četrta ženska sklanjatev (dežurna, -e)
That wasn't a very good example.
Tbh, he doesn't strike me as stupid.
[Personal ID] for general identification.
They are inconpetant and cant even function as it is, they couldn't pull of something like this.
Amish samurai sounds extremely cool to me.
Pigeons really fell out of favour
How those two words are this international, I have no idea
The max I heard of was up to 300k.
Respond preemptively how though
Bosnian culture is NOT almost the same as Slovene culture
I have some extended family living in Germany and Switzerland which I don't really know since they've been living there for decades but most of the old ones have moved back to Slovenia and now also live in my area.
We don't have the same language like Slovaks, but
I'm sure she'll rise again, free of the EU chains!
At first i thought it was a joke
Easy way to learn (serbian) cyrillic at least.
In a union, ideally everyone would be of equal power
), chess set, notebook with a pencil, my pocket knife, small first aid box, a detailed map
That certainly isn't it
Pulli F
It turned out it was the price of a slice ...
Anyone picking 1st option is either a moron or has different agenda from merely going to his own destination
However particle words what I call them, yes (aka words that serve grammar like preposition or other)
To me it's just bland, tasteless quick eat-stuff :)
But the village I grew up in, the entire region for that matter will never fully accept a stranger, even a fellow Slovene that moved from a different region
Go see some sights rather than colect pokemon
Neither, you shouldn't be suing people just because you got to drunk to remain on your feet.
Maš ga v Seiersbergu, če si s štajerskega konca
Montenegro's accession to Nato faces hurdle as US Senate session nears end |
People of Catalonia: don't forget that there are others who support your fight for independence and remain strong
Croatia can finally into West
I have never witnessed or heard about racims against black people.
SAZU (slovenska akademija znanosti in umetnosti) they issue SSKJ (slovar slovenskega snega knjižnega jezika)
Fuck dude it's like 35°c every day
I assume bar is on your side and pool table on ours so you bring rakija and I'll bring the pool sticks and we are ready for some border crossing.
Surely will eat those on saturday and tuesday though
Slovenians are born with work as soon as they're born, found on a podcast
Otrok - Slovene child; Slovak slave (Otrok v avtu :D )
Because we have three different identities, three different languages, different traditions, and different ethnicity.
By gdp per capita it went like this in 2018:
After reading the title it does seem to aim to protevt the owners of copyrigjted material rather than outlaw pepe
Aparently NATO and Russia see it as airspace worth violating.
On the other hand, Slovene language has around 50 dialects, many are influenced by German, Italian or Hungarian - maybe that's what they had in mind
Migrants stopped at Serbia's border with Croatia
Hard to believe there's 90000 Slovenes living outside of EU.
Why would you ask for good harvest at the end of the year.
Ah yes, snus master race
That other guy has a [museum] in Kanal.
In this case you’d have to argue that the supreme court’s decision infringed a constitutional right (which also proves you have a legal interest) and that you have exhausted all other remedies
Males are neutered even less frequently
A mixed group of exchange students, not sure about all nationalities
They just say England or Scotland or say the places they're going to.
What's so surprising about it actually?
Actually the most left wing newspaper is Mladina, which ironically used to employ also the current prime minister 30 years ago
I live 1 kilometre from Italian border
That's about it, since the market is so small there is almost nothing for sale regardless
I'm in my late 20's now and, how things are going, I don't see myself having kids for another 15 years (at which point my newborns would probably have three heads with half brain or something.)
In Slovenia it does happen
Here, employed people pay 6,36 % of their gross pay for basic insurance, which covers almost everything (the list is actually complicated, but suffice it to say that you don't have to worry about paying, especially not for rare conditions, though one notable omission is dental care, which is covered very sparsely)
Here it's 7 (school kids and adults) and 15 days (kindergarten kids and special needs) everytime they're sick
Carinthian austrians always had to act more nationalist to compensate for the fact that they are germanised Slovenes
Shame they blow up half of berlin in ww2
Well we have the same thing here.
When people reffer to Baltics they reffer to a geographical region.
They even codified their own alphabet that was based on the Hungarian alphabet, but it fell into disuse after WW2
Accept consenquences for your actions.
Tricky, as an independent nation we didn't the time (or power) to do much shitty stuff
It is used when you are talking about exactly two things.
Now that's some serious shock and awe
)))
Other Slavic languages use it as well.
makes sense
well, lets go to formalize the fine....
Yes i would support ban on immigration from MENA countries.
We apparently have very different concepts of what 'moving out' means
I mean, he sent France Gall on Eurovision with a song about her being his puppet.
In Slovenia it fell from around 20% to around 10%.
In Slovenian "Pir" is also used in informal talk
Looks like Celje licence plate.
I like a lot of Slovene names for villages
As a great liberator and the awekaner of the national movements.
Some of the songs from 70s/80s still remain hugely popular today, and are heard in clubs regularly
But this, this is the very image of defiance against the old order of the day
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Also, Nova Gorica has 6 or 7 casinos and the same number of night clubs - mostly aimed at Italians
But it's also a very popular drink to get drunk on in the countryside.
Where do you get this propaganda?
Not many others seem to be bothered as much
It's together with department for plastic surgery.
Holy shit, I was awake on the computer and thought I was dying of a heart attack or something
Some historical very strong empires and kingdoms were located there, of which we learned quite few things at school, even if they had quite an influence on us
American kids must be very different from us.
I'd be more interested if ours didn't look kinda lame, tbh
Well, Lent is called *post* in Slovenian, but I'm not aware of any special words describing the food in this period.
[This is how it looked like
Traditional dish is roasted goose, red cabbage and 'mlinci'.
And Yugoslavia was a the collateral damage, as Soviets had debts to repay us, but couldn't any more, which meant that Dinar got devalued, which meant that IMF got involved, which lead to austerity measures that ended in total collapse
People in Slovenia used to go to Hungary for clothes, shoes, general plastic-ish stuff (e.g.
We say: "boli me kurac", which means: "my dick hurts".
They're not the same person
A girl who went on Erasmus to Russia said she met a medicine student while she was there
But it's definitely easier to learn than German language
I think it has a lot to do with the centralist model around which the french state and the french nation developed
I disagree
Yeah well, half of the shit written in most EULAs is like that but cannot be enforced because it's illegal in the first place
They were not as bad as the Nazis.
I wonder
meh, i dont think Russia and Usa are any differente in this.
I can confidently say that everyone under 30 can speak English.
It just makes him look like a hypocrite that sticks his nose in other countries' elections
I miss the basque country more than him
Every country in Europe is it's own country governed by one government, which amounts to a lot of different governments and laws.
I remember a couple years ago Bosnia and Slovenia were playing and majority of supporters on the stadium were Bosnian.
You can set that up for a couple thousand Euros
Yes
Trieste is Slovenian :P
dutch people do know how to shape the planet
Kids also plant things in kindergarten.
What was it about Japan that shocked you?
This is kinda an echo-chamber , if i may say so...
The person is usually already in some sort of a relationship with you.
My parents’ friends’ friends’ owned the home alone house when it was filmed
Looks like Poland is still the Jesus of nations.
I like to think of it as one of many outlooks.
brat - brother
About 150 bucks of damage when polished agate and dino shit fell and got destroyed
Because no matter what the reason is, *this blowback* is not justified.
Oh no I gotta wait a week for the winter holiday
It goes both ways too, but to a lesser extent
They both come in the same packaging with the **exact same labeling and exact same ingredients**.
Beside that we also have subsidized meals
Where do you see discrimination against jews in europe?
There's a famous Italian who changed her surname (Marzia Bisognin, Pewdiepie'd wife), now she makes herself call Marzia Kjellberg in social media
If your symptoms are bad enough that you would see a doctor without the pandemic, they are bad enough to see your doctor now
Austian fluid mesure (translated into english as pint)?
Giant portions of pasta with very fatty sauces, an entire pizza, worth 2000+ calories and many other examples that have mostly been popularized by "Italian" Americans
Most people here still prefer cars, also infrastructure is more car-friendly.
First of all, I think you can't put Bosnia in there because I doubt there wasuxh profit from us, considering that Serbia was much better equipped than us
Lake Bled connoisseur
When we leave our municipality we keep the dialect but combine it with standard slovene
They are soooo loud they wake me up because I have a window opened at night
Well he lives and works there (or worked anyway since he's now fulltime youtube slav superstar)
I never expected Italy if all places to be big on kiwi production
Doesn't every country consider people from their capital to be arrogant and rude?
Probably because we technically lost
Sadly they are not gonna get it.
We also have "španska vas" - spanish village, a bit old fasioned
Culture is culture
Singapore supplied us with weapons
Yes
What's on Slovenia
I took a photo of a pidgeon in Venice eating trash on the floor next to a trash bin.
For fathers we may use "foter" (from German Vater) in a similar sense I guess
Why exactly do we dislike Turks
He's probably feom ljubljana
- tretja srednja sklanjatev (tri, npr
We have that too only that it's "like a spanish village to me"
As you might imagine she's quite the asshole herself
Oh I see, I misunderstood the question, sorry.
I felt worse eartquakes in Japan, but since this is not Japan, this was scarrier
I think we need stable population not growing one.
On the other side of the hill there's a a more likely and way less violent story, abut a Turk who apparently decided to stay here and became Christian, he supposedly built a chapel to commemorate this, and it's known to this day as "Turk's chapel".
Chocolate bar made in Serbia triggers trouble in Croatia
If we're talking about Luxemburg and larger I shouldn't have any trouble.
No, but supermarkets have been pushing it for years.
Thank you for your service
Ski jumping and skiing in winter.
Gardners had to live somewhere I guess so the chateau owner build them houses
Austria will continue dominating all skiing competitions.
I think America is a 1st world country with 3rd world country elements, like lack of democracy, partial police state, poor healthcare, poverty issues, insane conservativism (anti abortion campaigns etc), no employment safety etc.
Oh come now, thats vegan propaganda.
Or reading comments of news sites of ill reputation
They probably were a part of the plan to ethnically cleanse Kosovo though, I am not disputing that.
"afna" - which translated means a monkey or it can be used for a person who seeks attention
I have some relatives there  because one of my grandafther's brothers made it out alive
The guy that posted the "how to annoy Europeans with one sentence" post will have to revise the Croatian one.
What I'm saying is that in colloquial usage, people use England and people use Eastern Europe, not that precise words don't exist
They don't invade other European countries.
We do not have the names for generations
We heve seperate restrooms for men and women and unisex restrooms for disabled people.
A group of people including the local mayor decided to traverse the Sava river before the completion of a hydroelectric dam that would permanently prevent such an activity
I was in Kosovo last september and paid 2€ for a pack, and I saw even cheaper ones
I guess this gap has increased
jao te hrvati
I love how this completely ignored that half of the Slavic words are actually Slovene in origin
Unless you count narrow gauge railway, but those networks are usually small
This man is being openly declared as the possible next president by the anglo-saxon and American media.
Expressing support for the decision of the Britis people?
France
Kosor and Pahor, best friends forever.
They're mostly black sub-Saharan Africans, not Libyan Arabs.
If you agree they can leave it at a neighbour or a business close to where you live
Or did i misunderstand something
So generally, counting is a little different than simple plural
The reporters are moraly not suposed to report their opinions, but unfortunaly it is ot ilegal, unfortunalty.
And if you're not the adventurous type, there's always the tourists traps; from our only island with the church on top in the scenic alpine world in Bled, to the second-largest cave in our country, the Postojna cave and to our capital city Ljubljana.
Also: it seems the French know English and will speak as long as everything is fine.
Here he is a hero through and through who won us half of our country
I think ż is best described as the sound in 'televi**s**ion'.
Expand that and set your flair
Stol - Stola + Stoli / (one) chair - (two) chairs - (multiple) chairs
They don't speak the same language
But the last time I was in Nova Gorica there was nothing
Slobo didn't care about Yugoslavia, Alija didn't care about BiH, Kucan didn't care about Slovenia, and Tudjman about Croatia
If we dance Kazachok, we can move faster than their bullets
You can make a pretty good guess often, but there are many exceptions everywhere and you can burn easily
Neither the Western Allies not the USSR were not sole victors of WW2
Zoran Jankovič? He stole lke 25 millions
I feel ya man, same thing happened with our stricter internet rules
If the person is 50 years old, the may pole has to be up for 50 days
My mum got a few billion dinars for her paycheck.
If there is space enough for 2 cars on the tarmac (or maybe even if the edge is fine), I'll go the speed limit
What an irony
Wait, why are they destroying mid 20th century architecture
I come from zasavje, we swear a looot, and to me the dialect of Ljubljana sounds like when children try to swear.
Because other first world countries don't have the guns required to do school shootings
Most people I know that have pets treat them as family members.
I have a smallish family cell - there's 8 of us, all on maternal side, plus my husband
Abolish electoral college and then it will be much better
> In Germany, when we look back at WWII we tend to be very focussed on the holocaust but sometimes we tend to forget the crimes that were committed in the occupied countries to the non-jewish population
Does burek with cabbage exist
Our "country" music sounds like this:
As far as I know, there are only Eurostar trains between London and Brussels.
If you have a bigger city those arguments could make sense but in a town that small literally everyone has ties to some sort of farming, even if on a smaller scale
We have another dish, literally translated into 'beef stomach in sauce' and I love that.
Don’t get me started on the social media comments, those are even more batshit crazy
Ticks for sure
Which doesn't say much about temperatures and climate.
You will see some people jaywalking on smaller streets with not much traffic and no traffic lights though.
Hello, Slovenia: Melania calls home with Trump
Imagine how bitter one of this people must be to actualy bother and downvote a comment on this sub...
Pls Lord don't let it be Lil Wayne
Most of the people I talked to about the elections thought it was the right choice.
Is it what they like or why they like it?
That doesn't mean you have to be assimilated to be accepted, but respecting a nation, its laws and customs while of course, acknowledging your/your parents/grandparents home nation if you will.
Neumne ljudi najdeš v mestih in podeželju, večina prebivalcev pa je povsem normalna
-ec
I just now realised how many neighbors you actually have
BTW did you ever see [Slovar Zasavskega Knjižnega Jezika] it's a funny side project made by my ex chemistry teacher.
Reminds me of that alien language from District 9
I absolutely hate airports and flying takes so long, that it would be much more efficient to go by train
My advice would be (as they manage multiple times more mutual funds and they will try to sell you some of those) just invest in two index funds (one euro and one US for instance) and on the long run you will outperform any managed fund or portfolio.
Polenta is Italian, not Romanian, made in many countries.
Considering they're Italians, they may prefer wine over beer.
> That's despite events like Chernobyl being the result of a lot of human error
Most of the city center is now closed for motor traffic so cycling is often the best method of getting to/from the center
[Čebelica Maja] (could only find the German intro, the show was dubbed)
Whoa, arent people protesting there for several months now
You left poland because they were too intolerant but would accept fundamentalist rule?
Yes, I know, since it's also true of my language.
Interesting, my friend never mentioned it.
It was few years ago when Prevc was on the top, I'm not sure if it was even Prevc or someone else from Slovenian jumpers, but he was really looking for every situation to say drkanje
Id take a look there too, its a nice city.
food or water doesnt care about being consumed, people do
the Hun
[Spaček] at least that was always my understanding of it.
The right of self determination of a people is higher than any constitution, especially one that limits such a fundamental right
Those killings were horrible, inexcusable crimes, but the scale relative to the entire population size was not large enough to make the whole process a genocide.
On the west is more likely high-tech, service-based and export oriented
I *know* Finnish education system is considered one of the best in the world.
In 5th and 6th grade
Both are good, but I don't think they're nearly as popular as regular popcorn.
My mind is now blown a bit
I'd say that I identify myself as a Slovene first, a Styrian second, a resident of Slovenia third (since my parents are all Slovene but come from Trieste and Klagenfurt)
This sentence translates to:  Včeraj so na hribu bili volkovi (with an "i", simple plural)
Not in UK, but that is why I keep a wooden box of slipper by my entrance doors.
I would just like to point out that in the specific case that you mentioned the doctors were not sentenced for abusing their job at the public hospitals but because they were bribed in order to secure contracts for the delivery of certain medical materials on behalf of the hospitals
Another thing, making grammatical cases with foreign words
Especially when you compare it to American English.
Isnt that the majorety opinion?
Someone wants to sneak some drugs through europe
However, if you want to avoid additional charges for certain drugs (actually a long list) etc
Their currency is pegged to Euro (= 1.95583 marka) anyway so they are always happy to accept it at 1:2 rate.
You could just as easily compare Denmark to Germany or the uk to the netherlands.
Either in 8th century to [Carantania] because it would be interesting to see how our ancestors lived
Yeah, having no homeland cam be abitch.
I'm happy he replied
You won't be surprised to find out the 2006 law was written under a SDS/Janša government because of EU pressure to improve gay rights and they deliberately made it as bad as possible
The Devil's on my side, he's a good Communist  (to Churchill)
Even one incident would blow up here and would be in the news for weeks to come.
> Ante Pavelic ... Josip Broz Tito
There could be more words in different dialects that I don't know of
So when something isn't going your way for long enough, you "bring home the troops" instead of finishing what you started
For example, as a Slovene I feel much closer to Austria, Bavaria or any other Alpine  country than Russia, Ukraine or Bulgaria
I also took Russian classes later on, but i am far from fluent in it
Maybe it's local lingo, I don't think I have heard it here in my parts
Good job UK, we coulda had teslas cheaper in europe
Not you peoples former colonies.
he's on the top 5 list of people IMO.
sweden
You learn it as a kid
Yes they also want to make their Nova24tv (crazy nationalist propaganda) much more popular and obligatory on all tvs or something idk
Hot take; the anglophone worldview, both progressive and conservative, are fucking retarded and only do us harm
I felt worse eartquakes in Japan, but since this is not Japan, this was scarrier
I only know the italian one (not the words though) and spanish one because of Moto GP
And I would agree, as long as people who move work for their living as everybody else and adapt to the local way of life.
What has Mama Merkel have to do with Korea?
In Italy, the UK and the western balkans I would probably have higher degrees of understanding, since I speak the languages
They are in the same shit are they not
She's seen some job listings where they count speaking Albanian as a plus.
Religion could have saved you communist occupation.
And then October 31st is Reformation day and November 1st is All saints day and December 25th is Christmas and December 26th is Independence and Unity Day
Every city and town in Europe with over 1000 inhabitants [x-post from /r/MapPorn]
When a bunch of Viola fans some equipped with plastic toy guns established Stajrska varda
Watching a marching band and cheerleaders doesn't do that to me.
Lol
When he was reelected it was because you don't change presidents during war
Yeah the right is über pro 🇺🇸 and the W Block here.
-er
Ours is accompanied by parkeljni or krampus' and angels.
It looks like there's two of them
> even things like pasta
It's the genetics
Besides, people put too much emphasis on national identity, so I'm not too worried about it
They had to hit the nail with the narrower part of the hammer
Hell, even I have a hard time understanding it
Or is it
There's so many approaches to education it seems highly unlikely for one specific method to be so dominant.
The rest uses geography or history
Je, ampak še enkrat, 'thousands' se čuje kot veliko več kot samo 3000.
thanks for reminding me
On his second attempt, the branch broke and he fell 5 metres to the ground below.
And I'm like taking miniature steps back.
Where in 19th century there was conflict only in the upper classes, there was now an increasing mutual hatred present in varying degrees among the entire population.
It's actually glorious 47km of coast.
Especially because they come from a place so hostile as middle east.
Probably because we have an inferiority complex so we only ever talk about the statistics, where we rank well
Olympics is an opportunity to learn about sports that are not well represented in your country.
Oh I agree, I would love that
No way it would happen
Though I don't think there's much variety, especially in fresh fruit and vegetables section as you can mostly only get seasonal veg and fruits.
The only time I was in Osijek was some 10 years after the war and there was still much damage back then, so yes.
Again, I wouldn't mind this either.
I would never accept such a concept as a homogenous Europe.
Panonian (Prekmurje) dialect, I guess.
Heavily brigaded post
Otherwise, our citizenship is quite difficult to obtain (e.g.
This term is specific to Ljubljana & the surrounding region AFAIK
that’s Walter White
Right now I have some excellent cranberry/mint blends, but I enjoy a lot of different ones.
Good luck arguing against cat photos on the internet.
I wholeheartedly agree and I'd also like to add that neoliberalism and austerity measures (trickle-down economics, anyone
We had snow like two weeks ago
I'm very sure our curriculum has mandatory sport days.
I don't work in healthcare but from what I heard our medical workers signed agreements they'll be available 24/7, do 12 hour shifts and will take no day offs
Immigration is and was on the agenda a lot more here than gun control is in the US.
Since countries around the world decided that Balkans is ex-yu and sometimes a few other countries.
Unless the Chinese propaganda managed to convince one side that they came to liberate them from the oppressors, for which there's plenty of precedent as well
Jup penuts and transfats and gluten :D, unlike your week ars gluten free stuf here :P
1^st woman pressident ;-) of the 🇺🇸
That site...it's like what the 90s thought the future looks like.
I did, but I bought mine for cleaning my car windshield lol
wow way to completely miss the point of what the red pill is about and misinform others at the same time.
But only one of them can into space
There could be more words in different dialects that I don't know of
If supposedly totalitarian Yugoslavia had in its constitution the right for nation to self-determine, then Spain is truly a totalitarian state who never dealt with its fascist roots
Christmas eve (24th Decembre) at ima say 20.00.
Maybee the City has come chance for that.
A Slovenian that doesnt hike and garden and is not in a feud with a neighbour
> Education, definitely not
yes and they're objectively wrong
It's amazing the combo
This is how a gentleman ought to smell!
I'm not German but may I suggest "Der Goldene Handschuh". Especially if you are into true crime/horror genre
Although Jager has a lot of good quality local products
So camps need to modernise all the time or they lose guests.
101 - stoena
Why are people mad
All the countries inferiour to us
"You no say go away to me
J is well pronounced, not like LÜ.
I'm just too familiar with them.
It was actually Ennio Flaiano that said something similar to this quote.
3 million) in 120 years
They also leave extra for any aditional stuff that needs to be done.
If needed people get down there and doors are closed shut.
And no, lack of education or lack of contraceptives is not the only cause of high abortion rates.
Če bi ti vejo kaj sn vse sposobn bi mel malo več rešpekta
Wanted to do an erasmus exchange in Utrecht
would rather get robbed then raped and murdered, thank you very much.
Many wanted to help Europe for altruistic reasons, many didn't want to help at all
Nurses came to my school for sex ed in 6th and 8th grade
Why
The sun is neutral, the moon is female
Well there is obviously a problem but Trump has overblown it to suit his agenda.
He's on his way out at least, they're holding a vote of no confidence next week that's expected to pass
I sometimes get Grancereale müsli and I eat Nestle Cini Minis as a snack without milk.
My co-workers stock up on rakija every time we go on a trip down south
Germany was part of Holy Roman Empire
Russians are merely defending themselves from a zionist nazi junta in Kiev.
I don't know, Rupnik sided with the nazis and pretty much became their henchman but [Odilo Globočnik] was in another league altogether.
can someone explain why ossetians think that being under russia is somehow more "free" than being under georgia?
So when we became part of Yugoslavia and became socialist, religion was persecuted, they had to solve the problem of christian things that they didn't want to give up
Nowadays, we use the native name but pronounce it as [njujork].
I'd say around Ankaran or a bit to the north
Yeah, we used to be so proud of our medical system
Most people don't care but because of the wars some people do
I personally always give a disparaging look to people with selfie sticks.
And of that I am proud
Yes it's just amazing how diverse Italy is.
But yeah what you described is exactly how it works here
Sea transport
Training starts when Zlatan says so, for example.
P.S: Are they Russian made
So I'm in peace with that fact
It was not the Delian League that won the Peloponnesian War, but the Peloponnesian League, with support from the Persians
I'm not sure this study is very accurate.
Sounds exactly like the Union vs Laško debate in Slovenia
Gospodar se menja, bič pa ostane in bo ostal na vekomaj, zato ker je hrbet skrivljen, biča vajen in željan!
Sometimes
In my family we eat different things every year.
You dont have to cry there, but be respectful of the place where thousands died
Others are established lawmen seeking to tame a chaotic land
Young people from this period grew up in a very different world than their parents.
In the future, I hope I will still be alive to see a huge transeuropean rail network of fast trains
Something about both World Wars and territorial divisions that no one is happy about on either side.
How often did Russia do that in the last say 50 years?
Many EU institution are shaped like they are today because of the UK
I have never heard anyone reffer to Ireland as a 'geographic feature'.
This is a very convoluted way of saying you can name your kid anything and absolutely nothing is going to happen to you unless you try something like running for public office
Some examples:
) and outright break curfews as well as travelling to other counties
A misliš da če po neti neke bedarije pišeš, da se neo nič zgodlo
In kaj naj bi tile podatki povedali
Calling football the s word ruined it for me.
Haven't been there yet, do you know maybe how crowded it is
How someone can say that Portuguese sounds like anything remotely close to Russian is beyond me
Hrvat je tat
Badly
Only when there is an official event like someone's birthday or something would you exchange two kisses with a person.
Looking out of my window in Slovenia and there isn't even 1cm of snow
This got even more prominent with the rise of absolutism
13 people drowned with only one survivor who was lucky enough to be washed clear of the torrent
Defenetly
English would just be easier though :D
Fun fact: Claretta’s dad was the pope’s primary physician
The Slovene Supreme Court is not equivalent in power to the American though
/.../ European subdivisions are for example asking Germans about Germany, or asking Germans about non-German things etc.
Turks outnumber russians here 3:1.
Anyhow, I'd look into Ireland, Netherlands and northern Italy.
But the pay is sky high
You don't have a right to health care
I can guarantee that's not the case here.
I'm just talking of who has a larger historicl claim to it.
That is why this my method of reverse hanging is much better, even if you screw up you droun in the river below.
What was he doing in Baghdad anyway
How does this keep happening
My stuff
From 5th grade on, we had our own drawers in primary and highschool
just two parties in that system is deeply undemocratic.
you would have to hate a lot of countries
I mean WW1 was entirely down to austrian militarism.
The problem is not chlorine itself, that gets washed out before you eat it
Slovenians are born with work as soon as they're born, found on a podcast
000€ per month
Still love visiting it though
500k)
I loathe snow
Extrajudicial executions
They were an immigrant neigbourhood back in the day.
If you look to your right, you'll see Spain.
And the wage gap is still visibe now, 30 years later
I wholeheartedly agree with this sentiment, sounds like a great film
Probably Croatian/Serbo-Croatian cause we were still part of Yugoslavia 29 years ago and everyone HAD to learn Serbo-Croatian
AIN'T NOBODY GOING TO TRACK ME WITH MY ID
Every year
And that it's not displacable in haemoglobin by oxygen in athmo pressure.
Friends said that they felt it and woke up
But I killed a cat in Brasov just to watch her die
I'm probably not going to get through to you on any rational level as a grand conspiracy (involving the Queen of "Enbgland"?) can be the answer for everything.
Some guys with foresight, like Foch, understood that even before it was signed.
I remember we had to do presentation about different religions and in 8th it was more about politics, environment and so on
We don't form groups (jocks, cheerleaders, nerds, weirdos, emos etc) like you do in the states.
So if you aren't going to trust them it is the same if they said they have proof X,Y and Z or them just saying it is so because it is.
Se lahko assemblamo naslednji teden
I don't even have a card, it's a very basic account, but free.
Not being able to differentiate between Chinese/Japanese/Koreans.
Are they names for grandmothers or are they current?
Younger kids earlier of course.
I'm an American who's never been to Europe.
Amazing stuff
Usually used in an ironic way
And is there even any industry in Nova Gorica?
I'd say we are neatly divided into two halves over this issue
no, many 🇪🇺 members are still waiting to join shengen
I agree with you
Although the dialects are so different, sometimes I wonder if it even is the same language because I barely understand people from another part of the country :'D
In all of my life here (37 years) I haven't met a person that carries a gun with him in civilian life ...
Ask around how many languages in Europe use "England" as shorthand for the UK in colloquial speech
Edit: We mentioned Rab and Gonars in grammar school
This is the fault of the industry.
In high school, we mentioned it before talking about the French revolution for several hours.
Why
Actually I love the fact that our culture is really similar to yours in general (if you search up Slovenian folk music, you may be surprised by how similar)
Alma Karlin
"Croatian Hachiko". From Croatia (City of Vodnjan) comes a story about a dog's love for a deceased friend
Go Slovenia
I would support freezing all immigration for an indeterminate time.
Since March there have been many allegations of corruption, allegedly exploiting the corona crisis for their personal financial gain
Didn't see that about wiki, thanks.
At least in Primorska it's very popular
Slovenia seal historic place at FIBA EuroBasket Women 2017
IMHO these are mostly agnostics of theist agnostics...
Se bom zapeljal pogledat zadevo po lockdownu
This map feels off, though
Pešec pešači čez pešaško cestišče got them like: Holy shit say that again
For example from my house to Nova Gorica you take 3 minutes less if you go on the Italian side
Well if that's so gib back province illyrienne to the glorieux empire you eastern barbarians!!
Football disgousts me with how much suffering a silly game has caused
The problem is that washing it in chlorine, or any other acid really, allows much worse farm conditions
Some parts of Slovenia use many words borrowed from German and Italian but that's not the same
I would rewrite the whole thing.
It seems to be impossible to pronounce for English speakers and I'd prefer they made up a name they could say
We are pretty diverse in every sense.
The most egregious example was probably Blue Bayou, which my father titled on his mixtapes as Blue By You, and it took me like forever to realise it's not that
It doesn't make any sense to me
They live in the swamp where is always foggy
Yeah, maybe we should declare Lizzy the Queen of Europe so there will be less things to be confused about
Also as someone with a political science degree, I try to teach kids how to engage in politics and stuff
Which brings me to another story where an Austrian understood (well, got the gist of the conversation) me and my friends talking in heavy dialect, meaning many German-derived words
No, that's why I said we're out.
I love the country, and don't own a car, but the tone of yellow that's used is not the most appealing to the eye.
[View from the neighboring hill]
We love it too
dogija = doggie (phonetically + case ending)
Having visited my girlfriend in a kindergarten she works in, I can't imagine kids playing in their classrooms and climbing over gym equipment in the same shoes they wear outside
Oh got I never got that
Literally anyone could be a spy
Canadia sounds fine compared to ... I'm just gonna go and say it sounds disgusting
Hja, eno so imena irl, drugo so izmišljena, pravljična imena
Well
that's entirely up to how it's handled.
I'm mind blown lol, didn't know that store exists and I live so close to the border
They didn't sell cookies or anything like that (neither did the scouts)
Sometime before mass population and pollution, to enjoy our natural gems to the fullest and in peace
Bunch of old politicians who lost all sense of the reality
By language barrier I'm just gonna take it as if you're talking about the glorious Swedish product names.
for child birth you get 2 days leave; and then extra paternal (30 days), maternal (105 days) and parental (260days) leave
Just to give you a perpective, neto minimum salary is around 650 € as of this year, adjusted once per year
Styria
Nah, just your regular SDS-voting, Croatia-hating-yet-spending-every-summer-on-Croatian-coast village idiot.
UK will have no representatives
I dont think we have separtist movement in Italy and Austria.
I'm also pretty sporty, love skiing and climbing mountains, and I totally wear the company soft-shell while doing it (but at least it's not Akrapovič)
It's in his political and economic interest to propagate his own media
And having to exchange money, the possible language barrier...
It was sort of the same here yesterday
People groups then didn't exactly live seperate from each other and influence each other, but also evolved together
Did you completely miss geography classes in school?
He's so sweet but has a huge prey drive.
Entire January without snow
We have an basement with open door and the postman was told to leave the package there
Say what you will, Islamic world always seemed to be pretty big on personal hygiene.
Our airforce only uses airplanes with propellers, so you KNOW we're a force to be reckoned with.
Not really
Thnak you Cjinga, give me da moneyz :D
> The EU they wanted to remain in wouldn't exist anymore
We should view the political spectrum as 3 main camps: klericals, liberals, socialists.
It is
The negative news always gets a lot more coverage, so we tend to hear the bad stuff.
Happy new decade
Jambrek, Rupel, Hribar, Grafenauer?
But after our independence it was vacated and left to disrepair
How do you spell Šta, K-A-J
They're sometimes false negative
Bled 2
Quack
Hope things get better soon in Spain, I've been to Andalusia 5 autumns in a row
High school 4th graders are going back to schools after 1st May holidays, which are next week
The Germans or rather their chancellor at the time agreed but said they could not be the first ones to do so.
No one hates us (no you don't Croatia!), no one loves us.
When going on a bus trip you say it everytime you leave a bus for a longer period (like going sight seeing, hotel etc.) but usually not when the bus has a 'pee stop'.
Google search indicates that this is an image of "Hitler´s Eye Tunnel, Šibenik, Croatia" not the one on Vis
I pulled those numbers out of my ass of course but I expect them to be somewhat correct.
On the other hand, comparative megastates like Germany, which were historically a bunch of bickering little kingdoms, are now one people, which even YOU treat as a "uniform" people, which is not even close to true in this conversation
It's like saying Slovene culture is almost the same as Norwegian culture because YOU don't listen to Slovene music and follow religion
I also noticed a big difference in the past few years, since "instagram hiking" became so popular, there are many more "city dewllers" that just ignore people
Ez for ence
But I did have the similar experience to OP's just not with English
If I try to literally translate from English to Slovenian:
Well, they are also physically weaker than men, but I don't see what either of those two things has to do with equal pay in jobs which are not physical labor (so the majority of jobs).
You could call turks living there a mix of turkish ancestors and helenised natives and (if) any nations that moved there during the rule of the multicultural eastern Ottoman empire.
^(or about slovenia
The ^Croatian word infront of Croatian newspapers corrupts them.
Yet when any one else is out with no mask they get finned minimal of 400eu
Montenegro -> Črna Gora (black mountain)
Well it's the same here but all the apartment buildings have inside management, outside management company, janitor and a cleaning lady/man.
It comes down to multiple factors.
How we should vote in the coming referendum
Posavska
And he says he does admin work
I have just checked my ID and it is completely the same.
Well the real Montenegro is not [much different] ;)
Villach(we call it Beljak) is also very known here(beside Graz)
He was born in Military Frontier, which is today Croatia, educated in Austria and spent most of his life in USA.
Do you think Germans are sincere in their apologism?
It's about the same as Americans knowing European countries
It truly has transformed the language, 10 more years and it will be conpletly nointelegable to serbial :P good work
They had fancy apartments in Ljubljana, paved roads, new tv-s, nice cars, send their kids abroad to study
Shop was I believe in Plaça de la Reina, right before the cathedral
This term is specific to Ljubljana & the surrounding region AFAIK
Did he actually, half-heartedly shout "roar"?
How would you view for example Czech culture if not in the context of Western cultures heavily influenced by Western Christianity and Greco-Roman culture
Well, in some regions at least
1 stol
- tretja moška sklanjatev (c, npr
Ohhh :)
Yes, you can thank people as a group
You will not get a cent out of me.
You think Zagreb is a big city?
That one is beautiful
Even the opposing parties said they wouldn't have a problem if it was just about marriage.
A lot of nationals of other countries lied that they're Syrians.
Eu taxpayers spent hundreds of dollars in greece economic crisis.
And about the counting, I assume you meant this beauty xD
France
So do these Roma-khm-Romanians do the same thing in Romania?
I want the EU to conpletly desole membership with a nonconpliant state if need be.
If someone has a German father and a Russian mother he is obviously half German half Russian.
The albanians were out of control kiling and burning everething
You can just go to Google Maps, zoom into some random place, click "What's here?" and then get the full address [here] Takes about a minute and the addresses will not tend to be from one place.
Together with increased immigration from Eastern Europe, our demographic development will be positive.
Yea, volounteers not part of an experienced group are really not much help.
My friend who has family in Bosnia insists rakija is differnt and stronger than šnops you get here
Blood sausages, kidneys and tripe stew are a bit of a cliche by now so I'll say pork skin chips (I'm not sure about an "official" term for this).
You are the most biased person on reddit.
Yes, Slovenia is a central power
That's BS
) together with "bo" (will be)
We go to Austria everytime a trip to IKEA is necessary
Sarajevo and Mostar are both incredible cities
I can't recall seeing any but honestly I haven't turned the TV on in like 3 years except for the World Cup and the Olympics.
We're around 60% covered in forest but [this] is the only old-growth forest I'm aware of.
I don't know the dates or any eurovision performances but even I know exactly what the 1990 Yugo one is
Or that Finland spent more time in history under Russia than e.g. Czechia did
Now that's unfortunately not realistic, but the members of the union should at least treat each other with that kind of respect
Of course, doesn't everyone like him?
Reading old books is really weird sometimes.
Autistics GET bullied, not bully.
Vesel božič!
It's notmal to settle down in your 30s and some who want that feel the pressure but it's not that big of a deal I think
But since we are comparing ourselves with better countries we end up whining all around how corrupt we are.
> Eastern Europeans, especially Poles and Croatians
The console community increased in 2013 with the launch of PS4, but it's still tiny.
How much nuclear waste from 1983 till 2016 was taken by Croatia
But this the cost charged to the national insurance, you don't pay that out of pocket
We had simmilar "cleaning" as USSR under stalin, yugoslavia was hiding all the time, despite local people knowing about the graves
a very fast escalation of tensions leading to war.
No joke, most of the people in my class werent all that nice
MWAHAHAHAHAHA
I always love seeing that house, it reminds me of my childhood
If you want mineral water, who does anyway, you'd say you want Radenska, which is a brand of mineral water and a synonym for it.
I have a working theory that DJ Trump is actualy a Yugoslav sleeper inplant sent by TITO.
Good
pretty much every western culture take off their shoes in an area close to the door inside the house
France Prešeren
He made a song about incest with a fitting music video starring his own daughter.
It's missing one relevant variation of the question, though: "Would you feel comfortable if one of your children were in a relationship with a person from one of the countries down south
I expected to see something like [this] photo.
It’s been posted quite a few times
Probably the week around July 19, 1906, when the railway through my region was opened to public
When we count things it gets even trickier, because when you talk specifically about three or four of something this happens:
Thats the lamest excuse to be uneducated I ever heard.
public administration
Tripe
Yes, but that's your own Swiss problem, not an EU's problem.
Principles
In primary schools and kindergartens tea without sugar is also always available in the kitchen.*
That's all true
There are smaller leagues and clubs
We had them outside and another pair on the inside.
Habit is not the only component of culture
Sure but i would be equally dissatisfied if there were 600 russians caring putin portrait and russian flags around.
Isn't welfare also against that?
Where are your slutty posts, liar
It is technically possible, but extremely unlikely
And the way its worded it seems as this would resemble a Berlin congres Bosnia type thing.
Most of south slavs are mix of natives and settlers.
Strunjan is the best spot, if you ask me
They all have either 4 or 8 (or more) GB of RAM.
When you say "strictly typed", do you mean "strongly typed" or "statically typed" or "statically typed without type inference"?
Switzerland has a long tradition of neutrality and multilinguism.
we don't really think much about each other.
The people that consider Slovenia as Balkan usually are not from the Balkans
Counts of Celje/Cilli, probably.
if they would analyze them, it won't be happening on your phone
Nice
There may have been regional differences, but I know for a fact that both my parents had English in school.
Or that using Eastern Europe in general for most European countries that actually were part of the Eastern Block is kind of like using colonial names for modern-day countries that have long-since changed those when referring to them
You should go to Slovenia, or even make a Yugo-Trip.
edit: I forgot to mention, before the official party, family and friends come to the persons house on the day of his birthday and put up a may pole or a giant flower with a sign saying how old the person is
National TV sometimes shows some ceremonies from some big churches on their least watched channel at weird hours, but other than that everyone keeps it to themselves.
Proper way to give fascist salute
(We have hot (but not too hot) summers and cold (but not too cold) winters.
The only other sport that I can’t think of where things get pretty heated and violence may occur is ice hockey
But you [can] travel with ID to Croatia
The regime in Yugoslavia wasn't nearly as oppressive as the regime in USSR and satellite states
And we are gonna make Croatians pay for it!
The french territory was more or less unified already at the end of the middle ages with the main centre of power located in Paris
I think we have a basic idea of the language, but I think we generally speak broken Croatian
What mad Vlad takes he never gives back.
And now that you mention it, it's true: any Slovene government that starts a medical reform is a dead man walking
He said he hadent, but was nervour the whol trip theyll find out he lied.
Žganje is official word but like you said šnops/šnopc is colloquial or even more precisely you call the liquor by the name it's made which what you said
It does have an Indiana Jones vibe to it.
Srpska can declare independence from BiH but it cannot merge into Serbia.
Tell that to Tuđman, he started it.
It became known as Konjice
That's an old tactic BTW, Nixon did it.
There's some exceptions, but we generally use it all the time
Happens to me all the time when I'm travelling, but I find it somehow amusing
My dad was a signal officer in the war, and part of his job was to listen to any radio communication he could catch, including ham radio.
In Slovenia we need 30 years to agree where the trains should go
Its not like we are throving them out, the chose to leave.
So all of those places except for Srebrenica would remain in BIH.
Gotof si, mali
Beautiful
die Beutelratte in einen Sack steckte und mitnahm
I don't remember much before that.
Hey man can you explain me in few words how come that some people speak Catalan in Sardinia?
Ehem the parts you got from italy were paied for by slovenian clay.
MRI - 200-450 €
I think Tupperware was something similar years ago.
Our Russia
And then 6 hours from Beijing to Dandong with a bullet train.
Emmanuel Gregoire told BFMTV Tuesday that a plan to protect Notre Dame’s treasures was rapidly and successfully activated
But yeah what you described is exactly how it works here
they hear it in songs and see it in movies too much
[The pressident of the republic] started an internet photo taking trend called Boruting.
It's the best, freshest milk you can get.
Yugoslavia
It was Der Bergdoktor until a few weeks ago when the last episode aired.
How safe do you think I feel
Fun fact: Claretta’s dad was the pope’s primary physician
When my cousin went to a military HIGH SCHOOL in Serbia they checked on us livin in Slovenia.
in Slovenian
If you didn't know the history other than the civil war, you'd assume it's odd shape came about because Croatia couldn't recapture it (or had captured Dubrovnik).
I've seen this joke coming from my window.
He hasn't actually won since then, but still managed to form two governments because the other guy failed or resigned
I just realized how much not having your own currency affects the cultural, national individuality
I'm not talking about giving passes, I'm talking about trying to prevent these things from happening in the future and focusing on the root of the issue
and words with german or italian origin then
Oh and forgetting all the social welfare and helthcare issues: Americans are literally full fash now, locking people up in concentration camps
On a **map of average wages** cost of living doesn't matter.
Also, AFAIK the NI parliament isn't super functional and thus Westminster effectively runs things, and Wales isn't super devolved in the first place
Plenty of connotation there, so if by some weird coincidence you're ever around a really old Slovenian person and the topic comes up, you may wanna skip saying that one
Much safer than any place in the EU.
Sit on cold floor and you'll get a wolf in your ass.
It looks like there are some homeleless people living there permanently
You can do [kayaking and cycling] in an abandoned mine here.
I wouldn't say they're completely devoid of a bad reputation since you still have to deal with many neighbours and the apartments are smaller than most houses, but it's not tied completely to social status.
This is quite a weird question, I must say.
A tale of Nokia is a tale of suicide by incompetence
On the other hand, with another kind of propaganda, you can unite everyone, despite the huge differences
The solution is obvious and simple
For example that Yugoslavia was never behind the Iron Curtain, that it was invited to join NATO in 1953, which was refused because it didn't want to be too dependent on either side, and that the Yugoslavs could freely travel to both sides and the rest of the world and everybody could visit Yugoslavia, it having been one of the founding members of the Non-Aligned Movement
And then they usually stay there
If there is space enough for 2 cars on the tarmac (or maybe even if the edge is fine), I'll go the speed limit
Winter 2017 Economic Forecast for the EU
*Perhaps you could argue that some cities were founded as "an order" from the empire as military settlements, while others sprung up spontaneously as civilian cities*, but that's not clarified in the case of this map :)
I also can't imagine the various 'Stans or Turkey attack Russia/Europe, because if they should lose, there's a good chance Russia would steamroll them on purpose and Europe might even support Russia there on principle, since nobody likes being stabbed in the back
How many people heard about the recent kidnapping of a Gypsy girl in Serbia
This is where we can agree my son.
Savinjska
At most there are 8 periods, so it all ends at 14:50
He's lucky to have that option.
Ljubljana has a pretty good social scene, check Metelkova (collection of concert venues, bars and galleries in an old military facility), Orto bar (lots of rock concerts) or just wander by the river with a bag of beers and look for company.
Zdele si dobiva na prešercu in odločva to kakor moža.
But Polish, Bulgarian, Russian
Man I actually like the real Slovenian version of Nanana
Like with Yugoslavia
Where have I spread conspiracy theories?
Well
Serbia’s Proposed Srebrenica “Genocide Denial” Law |
We need to get protein, otherwhise we cant function properly.
If you pass on a manual you can drive both
I have two conspiracy theories
Of course, this calculation comes with a few caveats, such as that without the massive emigration, the birth rates would be higher and death rates lower, meaning a higher overall population, as young people would constitute a larger proportion of the total population
I remember him saying he will explain it eventually but I haven't seen every single one of his videos
Yugo was a laughing stock in the west
I paid around 63€, same dorm now is 68€. You usually get a 2 person room, if you want a one person room you have to ask and pay a bit more
Should ad placement be outlawed?
That's what we keep asking ourselves every day
At least we weren't. Probably because main actors are still alive and beeing part of politics
after a "na zdravje" (=drinking to health) we spoke quite at length of my progress, his classes the town festival...
And if you’re going to say this thread isn’t about this, it kinda is because the fact that a priest comes to inaugurate the opening of a hospital is indicative that the state and church are not separated
Cost of living (small 2 rooms apartment 50m2, not in a capital): summer 180 eur, winter 240 eur (cost of internet and cable tv included)
I know what a far left can be, yet I understad that when people talk about the far left in the US it's mostly blown way out of proportion
I think we also overestimate how educated average voter is to know which candidate will work for the interests of the country and its citizens, or about how will he/she act about international relations, Trump said I will return jobs to America and make it great again, I guess that's what people wanted to hear.
Maribor on the other hand has great potential, being close to Austria, fields, mountains, well connected etc
Man i miss home
That's how r/europe has always been and a primary reason why I stopped being a regular here
Just look at post WW1, already tiny Slovenia was looking to be half it's modern size and landlocked
But that was still only around 30% of Trieste population.
They're used by multiple parties.
Is that american or british pints?
- All the books, handbooks and other equipment (including school bags, notebooks, pencils and so on
We still have SAP
Edit: I have some German family in Essen and Frankfurt and they're all weird.
There was a pagan shrine on the island before the church.
Dear Scots, you're more than welcome in Slovenia
Because it's completely normal, and teaching children to see it as such might make them slightly more compassionate and understanding towards gay people?
No offence, but that is not really good argument
Not many others seem to be bothered as much
If you're interested in stereotypical lives of people from ex-yu in Ljubljana's "ghetto" - [Southern scum go home] (Čefurji raus in Slovenian)
During the 19th and early 20th century, when Europe experienced the so called 'European population explosion', the population of most European countries grew by a factor of 3 or even much more, the growth of the population in Slovenia was very slow, only increasing by about 30%  (from ~1 million to 1
Arround the world, arround the world ♪
Bosnian culture is NOT almost the same as Slovene culture
Not the correct time for another "holier than thou" EU move.
Hardly anyone here speaks proper Slovene because we have so many dialects and dialects just do everything 'wrong'.
You get on at the front and get of at the back, who would you thank and why?
I agree about that
Would you be okay if EU investions billions in order to have European made smartphones?
I feel like you are just repeating a fact with ?
He did 12 good deeds so he's considered Slovene Heracles.
It's Illy and not even close
Well, duh
I [raise] you our delegation to [Dubai]
Serbs in particular have a really good grasp of dark comedy.
With populism
Looks very nice
They are dam ecpensive and guzel up fuel.
there are, actually
Alas, these are not the things that I shall receive, or indeed things that are possible
Well there's one BBQ place, Kralj žara (king of BBQ), so that's the closest thing.
And people go visit these populations to abuse them
I am a European but I am also Slovene
"Podeželje, kot ga jaz vidim"
[This] is how it disappears into the underground
The neighbourhoods aren't depressing at all, as someone wrote.
)^(or know we exist)
Really
Don't worry too much about A50.
no, in poland its a general curse word but in other slavic languages its literally just "whore".
Our beautiful [Pokljuka] forest is in great danger.
Which is pretty hard compared to just shooting them.
I'm pretty sure dandlions aren't called flowers here either.
It turned out reality was much darker than anyone's worst imagination.
No, actually, you love sex, but you know that's because you are a sinful being and you feel devastating shame about it.
Mi smo celo učno uro namenili njim, Kašmircem, Tibetancem in še parim drugim.
Well, after the year 2004 they finally begun to think about its construction
are those pandas fucking
Well, you may want to read up on the [etymology] of that name
Also I dislike continental germanic languages
I may not have read about it but rather heard about it from someone.
Religion should be seperated from poloitics.
Yea, weird hair-do and sandals with socks.
Not this crap again
This is the only musical: the mouth
> Mákos bejgli
It's not even turska
Mattine F
Seks
Lol , there is not a lot of history to learn.
I feel a bit familiar with Morocco, since I had a friend who has been there as a tourist, another one who has been a surf instructor there, and I met a couple of people from Casablanca/Rabat at an exchange
but they should not be granted veto-power or separate representation
European areas with strong nationalist tendencies
Influence of German can be seen in standard Slovenian even today
Please tell me "bejgli" is the Polonized version of bagels
Now if there were more turks here you would see the denial.
Media and Facebook are not interested in your well being.
Not to mention that being the instigator of WW3 wouldn't make the US popular with anyone on the planet, and I'd bet that even Canada would stay neutral, which means you'd have to leave its shipping alone
Russia Snubs Croatia's Peace Initiative on Ukraine ::
You are right about the Montenegrins, though
I would dare say that I don't treat people differently based on my prejudice in my day to day life
It seems to me there is no political will to really change the pension system.
Worker in IT or alternatively in construction
Two of the ten themes that year were WW2 in Slovenia and the political situation in the late 20th century so the curriculum was adjusted to that
I never heard of any one doing it here but i wish they did
Slovenian far right parts is close to Italian far right otherwise and when it comes to this they pretend Italians aren't saying anything rather than get upset and ruin otherwise cozy relations
Portuguese
– Fopdoodle, I’m definitely not going there
Over the past few years where I live there’s been a snow early in winter (dec, jan) and then one in march and almost nothing inbetween
Jingis Can
There is, in reality, no money that could ever repay the debts.
Danka - 'Danish woman' but also 'rectum'
I'm sure they won't be ignored after brexit.
”. The word is actually a composite of “sъ” and “dőrvъ”, literally meaning “good wood”.
You think Spain wouldn't block that?
stuff like that
But damn, it was a good school back then, looking at their Instagam profile now, the new principal is killing it
Maybe by some extreme leftist, who hate Poles because they're the most conservative Slavs.
Considering that EU member states can't handle their own trade stuff, I wonder what would happen if an EU MS did just that
I love the comments under the YouTube video.
Exactly, an industrial city doesn't belong in that kind of a setting.
I find the current events saddening because the UK was an important and very influential party in the EU
Former Yugoslav republic of Slovenia yada yada yada.
They broke up upon crossing
Sorry, can't answer that because I have no idea.
I'll just leave [this] right here.
I love the sound of Turkish when women speak it
Yes
Did they flee to Canada
True, i've heard stories of people wanting to ask for directions starting by saying "excuse me, do you speak english" and getting a response like "Yes.
Slovenia'a press freedom is going down since Janez Janša is prime president
Why hello there
The castle was built first and the royal family wanted a private airport for themselves
I've see photos of dead decaying dogs among groups of dogs still housed there
The Croatian mission travelled to Germany in 91 hoping to get their recognition as an independent state.
And we appear to be in the vanguard
They are about things like traffic signs, intersections (who has the right of way etc.), speed limits and everything you need to know as a driver.
And we never set it lower than 26 or 25.
Please note that presidents of Russia and the United States of America have met in Slovenia before.
Why does our country have some sort of a reputation on this website?
Summer - anywhere from 15-40°C, but usually from 26-34°C.
Then you climb carpeted stairs that are glued together with blue tape
Holy does not counter another holy
But if they checked you on a bus station, that couldn't be the case
Her English efforts are quite legendary in my corner of the internet
Do you seriously think changing a leader solves anything
8, I like to wear short shirts in the house, we switched heating from wood to air source heat pump
Yes
Heh
"Da mi ne boš več takih v brk' metal
Be good to your mother, kapish
Ring a bell
You forgot the glorious [Superfeger]
Prosinec is an old name for January in Slovene.
So not that special in that regard.
We also dislike the Turks, that one's pretty true
-Sure, just regular bread
Even more so when you take into account that there was no auto tracking at that time
Great job Italy, bravo
Depends on the school system that [taught you geography]#Terminology).
Why would you go to Dubai with kids if you want on-site facilities with activities?
Wirh the Vatican City the capital of the country called Vatican.
Imo moving out means staying at the place all the time (incl weekend and holiday breaks) and taking care of household
The person was explaining this when the kids were alone in front of tv for more than an hour with the remote control
I bought some in Lidl and don't know how to use it lol.
I don't think I have ever ridden an inter city bus but I think that people do say 'bye' and 'thank you'.
Was there any control over them in Switzerland?
So he decided to screw the country for his benefit
How do you do it where ever you're from?
I didn't correct them because by that time I'd grown tired of the inaccuracies and just facepalmed internally
How to navigate ourself
I don't judge the people for not being able to care for the animals but it is so sad and I hope it gets better
On the other hand, this is exactly what an opposition is for; pointing out when the government is dojng badly.
Probably Austria as it's the closest and i wont spend to much money getting there
The titles of cartoons and shows are fucked up
We had that in (I think) 2012 last in Ljubljana, it was the city marathon day
The languages are closely related and both of us essentially call ourselves 'Slavic' or 'Slav'. You would have thought the words are going to be similar
I feel like most of what I read in the link you provided would not be considered horrible here, apart from fascism.
I seriously doubt that 50% of Turks or Russians are proficient in English.
We definitely get hard pasta in Slovenia but we cook sauce from scratch.
The best part is, this is the traditional pronunciation
Poland’s history can easily be summed up as a continuous struggle against invasions and divisions
Where are you from
I doubt there is any other country, that would have Slovene for its subject
Have you seen ESAs space programe?
Left and right towers look a bit sad
Not the highest resolution but it is a small town and [this] is the best one.
Every else was poor
That sounds like the 50s and corporal punishment.
Well, I was going to write that
We were already under Austria in Austro-Hungary, so we've got a lot more western influences in us than all the other balkan countries that were under Hungary
Right, it's just that I visited Portugal (area around Porto) in late September a few years ago and the temperatures were still in high 20s/low 30s, so I was surprised to see that area have temperatures of around 23°C at the moment
And often times they put a weird human sized doll next to it
When good old Nigel looses his relevance, even the old conservative folk will realise their mistake.
I use 95% Slovene when talking to other Slovenes and a small mix of German words (due dialect) and Serbo-Croatian words here and there
I remember when I was a kid and was busy watching television when my father offered me "chips" and told me it was bacon-flavoured after I had commented on the taste, only to reveal it was actually some sort of dried pig skin.
Amongst people outside your company, it is almost a small talk topic
It's a hard region, lots of unemployment after the mining industry closed.
Your best destination is deffinatly Slovenia.
Žajfa - Seife - soap
You slip of jut that one shoe, to have an excuse to take of the other one.
That's why you get paradoxes like claims that an European Federation will be ruled from Brussels, everyone will be the same, culture will vanish etc
Buy one and pimp her out for a lower price.
All good
I haven't met a single person in Ljubljana that thought that while studying there
Actually I would not live in the Dolenjska region either
From the recent history, you can easily say we are part of Balkan but that only goes for 100 years or our nation's existence while through most of the history of Europe we were always part of either the [Austria-Hungary] or [Holy roman empire] and the first kingdom that people who migrated and that lived here were part [Samo's Kingdom] Not to mention a lot of german writing which describes us as [Wenden] which means "western Slavs" or Slavs that lived near german settlements
The thing in your first link looks just barely edible.
That's because you're from Koper.
Maastricht's Flaws Still Plague Europe 25 Years Later
> the east speaks church slavonic
We dont go to Italy to shop anymore
This is in the Alps hah
Yugoslavia, Libya are both NATO wars
The best part is, this is the traditional pronunciation
Switzerland also has a rich gun culture and so does the Czech Republic
Which is also why they aren't in NATO.
Those that grew up poor enough that they had to pirate games/software
It's also our only island
I imagine this was the case in many other countries and that most of those laws written in the mid 00s are still standing
He would often tell me stories that brits are the most speculative people he met, also very aroggant.
If we don't realise that horrible practices can happen in any ideology, then bad things are bound to happen
Limka/buraz - vapid, superficial girls & boys, usually highschoolers but sometimes young adults aswell
Canada may have same reservations
A lot of phrases also entered into our national vocabulary.
Finally, you don't need nearly as many people to defend as you need to attack
Climate and nature
Not great but fun to watch if you can look beyond plot holes
I dont thInk its a european problem.
One day she just never came and I have never seen her again :( Her name was Monika.
We planted a few but they don't seem to cooperate.
/r/AskEurope wouldn't be the same without Anericans.
No, Germany is in charge NOW, where they write the rules and LOAN you money
Quite a bit more often than blacks because Korean tourists are regular guests in the city nearby.
Does burek with cabbage exist
Viva la France indeed, but fuck charlie hebdo
Raisins must be in
Im not arguing about invoking article 5, im arguing about NATO being defensive in nature - as stated by its articles
Once you cross the Mura river, you're in Prekmurje, and there I'd recommend you drive to just about any village guesthouse and sample a local bograč (goulash), dödöli (potato thing) and prekmurska gibanica (local pastry)
- Notranjska: Bears, people with funny accents
Do - to
We also have extra pairs of slippers for guests in different sizes
I mean yes, it's national
Who has ever denied genocide here?
We are good at that
The last time I saw the sun was when I went on a vacation to Croatia a few years ago
Which is stupid considering this is on a can of energy drink.
At least we have more coast now
Brought a smile to my face, similar story to mine, also played Monkey island.
Exactly
Look at the guy, comes over so innocently and throws the most universal insult you can use on Slovenes :D
If it was socially acceptable they wouldn't do that.
Did I say that they don't face discrimination?
I am in physical and emotional pain
" (The Italians are attacking /coming)
Dialect of our capital Ljubljana isn't closest to standard.
It's just a translation of quadrille, I guess
Sure, *everyone* knows English but I can imagine it would be really annoying not knowing the local language.
They start learning it in kindergarten.
I'd personally rather be under Austria and being looked down at than being part of Croatia and also being looked down at.
Andrej Šifrer and Slavko Avsenik have gotten pretty popular abroad as well I think
I've heard it used for German-language speakers, so technically even some Swiss would qualify
I'd say a few times a year when I'm in the city.
You can't really compare western leaders to him though, and the issues are far from only moral.
In Ljubljana they can accept two critically burned in one day and in Maribor one.
There's "New villages" too
Every country has the right to protect their borders.
And then he deleted it immediately?
My father used to say he is Bosnian (not Bosniak), now he proclaims himself as Serb from Bosnia
To acomodate suply runs, which would count as an air bridge, legaly protected by international law.
Neighbor border disputes here can get pretty crazy.
I live in an apartment and it has happened that people walked into the wrong flat so I do lock them
If you really live in Slovenia, then you should know that the people of bosnian descent are approximately 1.1% of our population, I'm guessing you threw in people from all other ExYu countries into this.
there was not a lot of diversity on the gene pool
Edit: This is just Slovenian banter, as a tourist you should defnitely visit Maribor on a day trip, it has a cute, quaint baroque center and nice surroundings
As a curious Slovene, what is the reasoning for putting Slovenia in southern Europe?
The ones in Ljubljana still wag their tail when a virgin walks by.
When I was a kid it was normal to have a fight or two basically every night and in every club, these days it's beyond uncommon.
Dos scotlant not have bačistoc defence instalments?
Not so
And its location is in the middle of nowhere, not even in a city
We became an US appreciation subreddit for April Fools, as a joke about how obnoxious Americans can be
Also for most people who don't know where every small village in Slovenia lies, Šmarna Gora and Hudajužna are like around 60km apart, so the myths probably developed independently
[Warning
Slovenia was already experiencing a not insignificant amount of emigration before that, and emigration was also very high during and after WW1, up to the 50s. With the exception of Ireland where population actually fell, Slovenia was the slowest growing European country in the 19th and first half of the 20th century
No, sorry Austria, we take Colorado.
Happened 0 times in 15 years of adulthood in Europe
I don't think we have anything like that here.
Do you really want prople to feel superior to other people just because they were born in a different country and grew up with a different culture?
As for the free market without freedom of movement, we just signed CETA so...
Your entire life is devoted to hate.
v visoki c visokega c)
Oh damn yeah that is a bit more of a long shot haha
Some already in ruins some that are nicely maintained
They'd be too polite to refuse a gift, surely
To answer your question, un alpine countries are pretty obsessed with skiing
Maybe it is russia maybe somebody else but i sincerely hope people are smart enough this time to not fight for politicians.
Nivala F
Well that feels a bit weird because in Slovenia we have this kind of social measure (called "children's addition") since when I remember, probably it existed even in Yugoslavia
I give y'all Slovenia's very tree-filled cities
Excuse me
I have a passport (travel outside EU and I also use it for flying), national ID card (always with me), driver's license (also in my wallet but I never use it for purchases etc).
We also say "Don't be a jew", although there is also a local equivalent as Upper Carniolans are thought to have the same qualities.
None of the people i know with two names use both
Edit: lmao forgot I can speak German
Most I guess are as invisible in their everyday life as I am.
Honorary Slav
They sang *To be fair, Slovenia's lovely (we are kidding, it sucks too)*
Ever since they came to power in March, there have been weekly protests in Ljubljana, demanding the government to step down
free energy so to speak
Valentine are the most known ones.
Society be individualistic as fuck
People immigrated into France after the end of the world war 2
Laibach might be best known band from our region, but the one that most captures the "spirit" of our place is [Orlek] a sort of folkish punk'n'roll.
Slovenian
1 room for pre WW2 era and couple of rooms for WW2 era so nobody can say they completely ignore them
I would think not
I was living under the proverbial rock for the last couple of years.
Yeah, I can understand Serbo-Croatian enough to read an article (but just barely).
Not to mention that the farmers want to be in Slovenia.
There would probably be like the US, with different states with different county equivalents.
So there is a lot of us who are completely bilingual regardless of which is the motherthongue
Fresh milk goes bad one or two days after the date even in a fridge
I personally don't eat after beers, they kill my appetite for some weird reason
Not trying to be mean or anything just curious
We don't give a fuck about who govern us and keep doing what we do
Birth - 1
And what exactly do we have in common with Macedonia, Greece, Romania, Bulgaria, Albania, Kosovo?
We were riding an escalator and I was standing in the middle while some woman wanted to go faster so my classmate said in slovenian "Daj spusti staro burglo mimo" (Let the old hag go infront)
Its lucky that they removed pictures and all before renovation and that 3/4 of the building is made out of stone
You can go out drinking, for coffee or lunch just as friends and it isn't really considered that you are a couple or whatever
I almost couldn't believe that it was really Sweden.
The version of the USA where I wouldn't get sent to Guantanamo.
So you are asking not about people's opinions on tank deployment in Europe but about posts regarding the topic in /r/Europe.
Everyone knows Serbia as a bad guy.
I never buy pre-prepared frozen food, except cmoki and štruklji but that's one item I always have in my freezer for lazy days
Meh some say that but drooling over historical injustices will just lead to war like in the balkans.
I've heard that before, I actually wonder is there a figure of estimate for how much koruna will increase and are there talks how this will result in some layoffs.
16 degrees in Ljubljana atm
Less a nickname, and more outdated names: Italians are Lahi (I don't know etymology, sadly)
O_o
Let them have a referendum and well see.
The United States built their national identity upon the concept of colonization of "untamed land", of expansion into the wild nature and its subjugation to the will of men
I even met millennials with less then satisfactory computer skills and they grew up with them
Most of the media here are left-leaning and current PM is on the right, so one should take these allegations with a grain of salt
There are Italians on the Slovene side of the border, too.
Vernio I
Much like other cars (trabant, škoda)
" We turn around and I say in Croatian "Uh actually, we're Slovenian". They just laugh embarassingly and go away
I was told it was northern Norway
Taborniki (campers) and Skavti (scouts) were pretty popular in my youth
With no secular parties people chose their only available alternative which was conservative Islam.
So translated it would be Tina Muster
Acting like you're part of us is what's important.
"Pešec čez cesto, v stož'ce, po rož'ce
isn't that what the sub is about
I don't know
My mom, a firm believer in this theory, told that Tito used to speak slovenian and croatian, but when he came back from Soviet Union, he could not say a word in slovenian
The whole stealing of packets is not really a thing here - actually crime is not that common here
Corona
Same shit is happening in Slovenia
But not really, because how asymmetrical modern warfare is.
Here's a trailer for a random documentary where you can hear him
Here are the lyrics:
For music, if you don't listen to the lyrics, what's considered the typical Slovenian and Austrian national music is virtually identical
The latter three sell random cheapo stuff from everywhere except Slovenia, which many see as lower quality
They had to hit the nail with the narrower part of the hammer
Ours is technically not an epic, it only has some properties or it
You buy an automatic if you want to show your wealth (as much as you have, in any class).
Google "South hill" and you'll get the idea.
Avstro-Ogrska (Ogrska reffering to another name for hungarians- Ogri, coming from tribe of Avari that settled Hunagry)
But this the cost charged to the national insurance, you don't pay that out of pocket
Stop, I can only get so erect
I think I've read this guy's comments in the comment sections of some news websites
Majority of languages have accents.
How could you possibly be up to date on the state of Romanian hospitals?
I agree
I lived on the border and I can confirm that half of the garden had potatoes and half of the garden hat tomatoes
So, if I understood you correctly the Italian people directly vote only for national MPs
I loved Rumkugeln when as a child.
Europeans are different but we do have a same view and culture about certain things
Wait what
I questioned multiple people who were alive in his times and all of them jump to the answer "yes, I respect him", but talking further a lot of people admit he wasn't really an admirable person
Serbia could change their constitution to greatly advantage them, but when Slovenia tried to do the same, they were stopped.
If anything, I'm for modernized latin.
Bank of China Set to Start Serbia Operation ::
SO you're saying that the man who brought an end to the tyrannical USSR communist rule over Kazakhstan and established a blistering free-market free-enterprise oriented liberal democracy, wasn't such a good guy
They slap him
Janez Janša (current PM) twitter battles with journalists
Sure, in 2014 we opened new 600 MW thermo plant run on coal.
Two are still standing, one on Metelkova street and one on Roška
I was about to write the same, but in regards to US.
Have you considered picking it up with a towel or something
But will that erase me from their books all together or not?
Yeah that's how dual works in Slovene, too
You only need a few idiots to spark a fire.
It's made out of stone and restoration is a thing
Zrakoplov - Air sail (aircraft)
"Boste v trenutku hitri tudi sami"
Ethics class is taught in both 7th and 8th grade
Oh no
Who even upvotes these pointless meme circlejerks?
All of the major concerts I've been to were abroad
It's pointless if there are no foreigners to convince about who's right and who's wrong.
I bet the GDP chart looks very similar, just with the time scale stretched and the colors reversed
Edit: Have just googled it
Pol pa že.
Well, we have to visit the sea somehow, and we sure don't have enough of it for ourselves ;)
Fear of Russia may be the one thing keeping NATO and the EU together in the future and as soon as the discontent of its members is greater than that fear, then the whole thing comes tumbling down
However some are just too close to neighbouring languages for me to process, or the pronounciation too far off the one I'm used to
I like a lot of Slovene names for villages
I once tried reading more than this famous first lines and it gets complicated really fast after that
Still exists here, but I'm not sure how popular it is
Almost everyone I know (except for a few naive young people) criticise the government and the media because they don't tell us anything and because they work against all of our interests.
In SLO from every worker's paycheque an obligatory insurance fee  is deducted that goes to the public health insurance company
Danes je sreda, moji dečki
It's seen as acceptable on certain occasions although obviously not any time
And in general, calling former USSR colonies "Eastern Europe" is the same as calling the "countries" (regions really) of the UK England
Try pushing your culture on them, however, and there could be trouble, regardless of where you're from
I don't know if only [houses with fancy windows] count as Venetian or this as well.
As I said there are [other] ways to have it reduced, I'm for example 37 and living with and taking care of my grandmother, I would still get only 245 €, so again 290 is not guaranteed.
We had a French native speaker in high school
The same reason why you guys had horse meat in lasagnas.
You can see big, nice houses but not mansions.
It's part of matura dance performance we do for parents in last year of elementary and high school
The UK foreign secretary Jeremy Hunt called Slovenia a former Soviet vassal state
I'm definitely not any kind of an expert on american domestic policy, or even ours.
Posral se bom po tebi da se boš v mojem dreki vtopo
Rugzak, ja, spiel and many more
You'll find the best ones in Trojane
The only thing that sunk Trump was his Covid response and even that just barely
One reason why I don't like going there if I have a lot to buy
1 i dove a brand new mazda crx6 autimatic, cant exelerate for the life of it, autimatics are shit
Croatian President photographed holding Nazi puppet-state flag
Mostly it was just kids, but I remeber a few occasions when I was still in the kindergarten that some parents stayed to help with the party, particularly if it was a larger one or if parents knew each other anyway
I donate to local bands doing free online concerts
And everyone gets them terrestrial broadcasts anyway.
:((
Also, happy cake day to you
Everyone's a land stealer to you.
Veveritsa in English I think
The Fireman's Ball (1967), but due to having amateur actors and requiring some historical background it might be little bit harder to get into
I don't think it as as effective as [this (potentially NSFW)]
Ironically east part of Slovenia has snow
I can't look at bananas the same way ever since...
Holy shit, that sounds annoying.
Allright, I didn't know that
Simon Ostrovsky's coverage of the Ukraine crises, for example, was pretty good.
I know the names of most states, I know their location fairly well too
It's irrelevant if you consider it shitty, it's what's most-played in many places
Their facial structure is different to what we're used to here.
Am i the only one who thinks this number is a bit far-fetched ? Like i seriously doubt theres so many pedos just in the UK for there to be 19
I have 35kmto the nerest international border.
Plus that, Hungary had a serious bet to invest in an important rail link between our only port and the hinterland which would give it de facto control over our port, which was luckily prevented, as we are capable to invest in it without foreign help
- Mountain without Prometheus: Prison, crime novel
Umm i have a book to read till tommorow
It was also known as *Troia secunda* or 'second Troy'.
There are two kind of countries in the world: those that use the metric system, and those that peaked in 1969
They even wanted to replace it with Islam.
We have not had an major incident since the 1991 or the so called 10day-war.
~~Safety~~ Emergency corridors on highways
They do yugonostalgia weeks (similar to greek, american, french cousine week) and you can get these things among ohter old timey stuff.
Not everyone though, there are really nice people
The society you live in has zero impact on this.
I went back to bed and didn't feel a thing  friends told me it woke them up, that their furniture was trembling etc
And nevoščljivost which means you feel the other person doesnt deserve what they have/wish they didnt have it
In Slovenia we start counting at 21, so enaindvajset, dvaindvajset, triindvajset, štiriindvajset…”
You mean voice to text translation?
We got your back
I'm very ignorant of my country's politics
It depends on who and why shot him.
What you are proposing is a hate relationship between cultures because people of other then you enjoy them.
Jurija evrov (euros) is 1000€. Can be also used for other currencies or even other measurments
Because people there support less immigration from MENA countries and feel like their average political party isnt listening.
The sports they show are either unpopular or already covered by the local stations.
I'd also bet it's reasonably common in Slavic countries (at least in the South Slavic ones)
They have the reputation of being hard working and honest people
z/s -> with
I thought turks and moroccans were troublesome.
Toga needs to become trendy again.
I've heard that used in Slovenian too (davčna oaza).
Yes, it's "karjola/krjola". I don't know where they use it though
It also rains and gets very dirty outside
Caroline de Bendern: ‘We need to form a bloc against countries like Russia who want to destroy Europe and ...
in march when the lock down began we had 5 per day
In my village specifically we use old milk cans
Radenska and home made apple juice, yum
A 100 stack of them looked pretty serious too and wasn't hard to collect even for a child.
Mega: how German chancellor hopeful Martin Schulz became a meme
You don't know [Sunquick] I thought it was popular all over the world.
Europe is at war with Islam, he is right in that.
True, its annoying to have to talk in english just because of that one non-speaker
We still have SAP
We have duality instead of just singularity and plurality in Slovene :
I've spent 2 weeks over Trvoblje
Mestna občina Ljubljana ni isto kot Mesto Ljubljana.
-Hell no
They Use servus in Slovene Styria.
bread which has to be provided all the time to everyone
whole dispute is their fault.
As he says is if there is a couple, or a small group from China they can be wonderful.
I got sunburned in Ireland
So village in Slovene is Vas, and we have everything: Upper/Lower Village (Gornja/Dolnja vas), small village, but in outdated spelling - Vesca, village be with a different name - Selo, or just New Village (Nova Vas)
\*with a purchase of 5 tonnes of ammonium nitrate
There are other places as well
As u/mikatom mentioned we've been under King Samos' Kingdom - checking in from - [Slovenia]
And we have plenty of -ić surnames here
Also, super simple to learn
> Especially since i don't think my country has nearly enough in common with any European country to warrant something like that
RIP Donald Duck magazines
Difference here (in Slovenia at least) is that you're assigned a class in 1st grade of elementary/high school and you're with that same class, same people throughout your schooling on that school (unless you fail).
Street and place signs are perhaps the most obvious manifestation of bilinguism
You got mountains, sea, the kras wine region, the panonian plain, all in a 2 hour drive radious.
merging the title of the president and the title of PM without term limits.
Aneda
Austria of course
How about joing the french foreighn legion?
Me zanima če je trenutno zaledenelo jezero.
I can't help but look at America and be worried
A nother brand of blod traitors, you put them as your example?
My dumbass thought this was Winterfell for a second
Much of the area which is Austria today was inhabited by Slavs (todays Slovenes) before Germans came.
Yea, but that was done with an SA-3 anti-aircraft missile.
5 cool
"White man" aka literally The devil^tm who walks the earth.
Some are quite impressive, like Jeruzalem (there is some legend that the crusaders loved it so much they called it that when they passed the place, but I've no idea how true that might be) or Nebesa (Heaven)
Had them in Slovenia
For the record, there are plenty of other reasons to vote Brexit that don't involve immigration.
Apart from that, some German would come in handy (my reason for picking French in middle school was honestly dumb and I just don't go skiing there often enough to keep it in shape), and I could use Croatian enough to become fluent in it
Sicer sem bral, da bo hrvaški delež odkupljen s strani francozov ter, da so se dogovorili za skladiščenje radioloških odpadkov v Krškem in sicer do datuma prenehanja obratovanja elektrarne ( mislim, da 2043 )
Japan and especially Korea produce good movies and TV shows.
Lol who would you like to be friends with?
️ Asteroid
As a consequence we kinda just left a lot of the monuments in place and I don't really think we renamed that many streets or other named public things
Ljubljana doesn't have a dialect.
Yes, exept there was a lack of gas, inflation, empty stores, shitty cars, ugly buildings, undemocratic governmet
The former has two cities dating back to Roman times (Celje and Ptuj) and there are some Roman-related things along the highway as you travel east (well-signposted)
This is a *požiralnik*. It's what's at the bottom of the lake on the first photo
I vote we bring back [Samo's Kingdom]  instead
good luck telling the rabid we can grow the pie if we continue to collaborate
thats not a value
Plus German and a bit of Italian on TV.
There's a few Wahhabi/Salafi Muslims in Jesenice.
Umm i have a book to read till tommorow
It can get very humid after storms.
It really changed the landscape of the city
but if you live here you better learn the language.
Especially interesting are mountain [(example)] and cave spiders.
It's an hours drive on horrible and dangerous roads.]
YOLO
an old word for that is "odgrešniki".
But we do win in tractors per capita and we're second in tractors per arable land after Iceland.
Berlin concerned Britain could use its intelligence-gathering capability as a bargaining chip in talks to leave EU
They got to work and vote for the first time, and they dressed more like they dress today, and less like they dressed in the 19th century.
That'd be neat
We were part of Austria-Hungary and mostly just fought the Italians
Why do you hate him
Completely un-true, and downvoted you for that.
I remember i was thete 2 years ago
When it comes to finding information, parish records may go back to the 18th century in some cases.
Gay marriage was just a small part of it.
Flies
We have 2 cohesion regions
[Vrag naj vzame]
It's called religions and ethics and it's not only about Catholicism
and Baltimore) were an eyesore.
And not a single person said they are from the Netherlands
Janša save us
Whell if Russia wasnt in WW1 germany would have won in France (reuardles of e perate pece russia later signed).
Those that got their start in DOS or at the very, VERY latest in Win XP
Spain and France aren't the only countries...
No matter how unlikely, I hope it happens soon
One of our previous PM's and current mayor of Ljubljana was born in Serbia
La Spezia is alright, imo
I think a nice lime green would fit pretty well
When the french revolution came and the nation started to form its national identity and spread it among the people, and when the organization of the state started to develop in the post-revolution time, it employed an extremely centralized and top-down model
are you employed in gorenje or something?
The question is "Which politicians do a good job for their country?"
Phew, a few more minutes and I'd have missed it
Just no
In my defence: Everything that goes against anglo-saxon and American alliance is either marked as conspiracy, swept under the rug or countries turning a blind eye.
[Faculty of Economics in Ljubljana] is good.
And now me hurt brains
Nah if you want something with yogurt just order burek
Saj vse skupaj ima ful malo publicitete.
Sure he's an idiot and will try to abuse his power for gains of his buddies and himself, but at least he wasn't personally involved into these leaks, even if it benefits him.
Oh yeah, and there's also that one Russian opera singer in Ljubljana who's even married to a Slovenian guy!
Not sure which, but one of those
It resulted in the second largest emigration movement (proportionaly) of any ethnicity in Europe, only behind the Irish, with up to 400,000 Slovenes leaving their homeland between the years 1860 and 1910 alone
In Ljubljana there’s a law that prohibits building anything higher than the Ljubljana caste(which is 100m)
Asola F
The first to be demolished was the one on Topniška, as it was to be replaced by a new modern "fancy" buildings
It was one of the founders of the Non-aligned movement of countries not obsessed with the nuclear and/or space dick measuring contest (because they couldn't afford it)
I think it's being repaired in Italy.
I love the way you spelled indepen*dance*.
Probably due to hols up in Sabor.
000km2 of area
Fire salamander brandy
There's no Christmas without tatarski biftek.
700k EU migrants flock to Germany every year!
I would also say it's easier than German as well (although I never properly studied it) since German has all those long words and my dislexia made it harder
Some people hang them up for holidays, and they are also used for sporting events
Yeah, maybe we should declare Lizzy the Queen of Europe so there will be less things to be confused about
And Central Europans can fuck of?
My thesis is that [this] is a crock of shit, because yes, that is how we did it.
Best to throw people a bone to pick and have them outraged over this then over other stuff
Zakaj bi kdo dal presledek pred piko?
Eurail and Interrail are just names of the tickets - there are loads and loads of different train companies in Europe (usually every country has one, with some countries having more).
Oh and forgetting all the social welfare and helthcare issues: Americans are literally full fash now, locking people up in concentration camps
People also thought that Slovenia and Croatia will never become recognised and that Yugoslavia will just fix its problems, well that never happened
For a trip to Austrian-Baroque times, look at old part of the town; Ljubljana Castle has been freshly redecorated and it's very much worth a visit; for alternative/subculture stuff, find Metelkova.
I am not Italian
Illirians (present day Italians)
Also, one of our oldest settlements is called Novo mesto (New City), though that name was officially recorded first by Rudolf IV or Austria
Shit we bless everything from horses to warehouses
not far right, just further right than is the norm is what I meant.
Any troops operating in Africa would naturally be based in/near Africa, not in Croatia.
But we do not translate the recent ones
We have only two in Slovenia really: Union and Laško.
Še en drug problem je ker so ženske use starejše ko se odločajo za otroke in so v teh letih manj plodne, hkrati pa je tudi večja možnost genskih okvar, sploh po 35 letu- posledično večje število zdravniško konzultiranih splavov.
Well now it’s up to you ;)
Also Paris, I think it's just super overhyped so I didn't know what to expect
Im not arguing about invoking article 5, im arguing about NATO being defensive in nature - as stated by its articles
Needs more surströmming
I think it's the same almost everyhwhere in Europe.
For past two years, I was already dying of heat in May, this year it started mid June
Fine, I don't have friends, so I made it up
Does that also work for PhD students perchance
We have the same doughnuts, we call them Krofi :D Do you also make them for Mardi Gras ?
If you have a Slovenian passport, you are eligable for the Interrail ticket.
It would be really interesting to know what would happen to central european and balkan history if Ulrich the II of Celje would not get assasinated in Belgrade in 1456
That's why I mentioned the book.
He didn't say it, he declared it
I was an idiot on the left and (damn, this is awkward) we supported mass immigration and multiculturalism because we wanted USA-style ghettoes.
I like them medium-rare, my grandpa eats them only well-done.
There is unproportionally more posts about slovenia in /r/europe than there is percentage of slovenian people in Europe
Anyway +1 for Alan Ford, and here is one of my favourite "superheroes" of all time [Superhik] a lowly drunk janitor at first glance, he's a staunch defender of the rights of rich people.
Why don't more companies do this?
What more
I went to [GCC] (Celje)
Lol best flair by far
You even have a Ministry of War Veterans but I guess it's still not such a deal as it is in USA
Geography - It's the flattest part of Slovenia, which together with different architecture, town design, etc
80€
But yes, I only used less derogatory nicknames
Lots of people getting wasted at local bars and restaurants
And then probably Dutch, for no other reason, then I like it
[It is] Even the name suggests it.
Definitely hasn't gotten to do with corruption and politics
Euro-Area Growth Boosted by Domestic Demand
I think people from Ljubljana hate other people from Ljubljana
I had Filipino penpals as a kid and I'm still in regular contact with one
He then responds that he indeed has one (his friends bought it for him) and it is called 'alligator' ...
Why would I have problems with local sheriffs
This is such a load of bullshit, but somehow it managed to survive to this day
Culture is culture
Exit light
We share quite a few words with our neighbors in Croatia that are spelled and pronounced the same in both languages, but mean totally different things
Our [žganci] look like this and they are normally made from buckwheat.
The first take went as planned, but Chan insisted on re-shooting the scene.
So, all forms, all written announcments, all street signs etc, have to be in both languages
Yes, it's that bad
Jugovzhodna Slovenija
That's the most powerful man on Earth you are rolling your eyes at Frau Merkel
Bees and Butterflies are definitely important for our produce, but not all crops are insect pollinated
Croatia can finally into West
All Slavic countries plus Hungary and Romania, as well as Albania in some cases.
And usually I'm the one who reverses because people that somehow end up in our area are already afraid of driving forward XD
Puting a law mandated cap on basic food stufs for example.
I just hope our PM stays silent
There's only so much you can find out from reddit comments.
Every restaurant that offers subsidized student meals has special student menues.
So I see Balkan as ex-Yu + Albania and Romania
We focused on the political aspect of the war both in Slovenia (the Liberation Front of the Slovene Nation with its political structure, Dolomite Declaration, formation of AVNOJ, collaborationist units and *de facto* civil war
Jed - Slovene meal; Slovak poison
5-0°C - light spring jacket
I find this kind of music dreadful, but too bad because I think the accordion is such a beautiful instrument if you just allow yourself to play it differently, not according to the oberkainer standard
Majority of them have been renovated or are being renovated.
I've been to Kosovo since and I have the stamp in my passport.
Especially us from the "older" generation, where we considered our group above our regional organisation, and on par with national organisation
The good ones are Spar, Tuš and Mercator (the last two are Slovenian retailers), who all offer a wide variety of well known international brands and local products
I can't imagine how horrible it felt in Zagreb
I thought my town with it's 31°C average daytime temperature during the summer was hot.
But if I have to answer then I would say I would like to see recreation of the State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs.
No matter were they came from
You make it sound as if all statisticians count us as one.
Poles are a piria of the slavic worldy they prefer germans to other slavs and behave like germans.
not really, i saw locals abusing this system by instead of fighting littering , they would just flip a trash can , take all the plastic bottles in it for deposit and leave all the other garbage on the ground
There aren't that many feminists and similar crazies here and we don't have the "alt right" either.
I like how Kazakhstan uses the same color as their (also very unique) flag.
It isn't other place or figure but it is naming after a foreign event that comes to mind.
Suitia F
You don't have to hurry as much out of fear it'll melt and leak all over your hands and little kids give you the weirdest looks.
Micro states left Europe
I guess this wording was used intentionally to rise eyebrows, but as this is movie with very poor reviews it was mostly passed without notice
If you are russian, you probably like this map, you got the baltic states, Belarus and it says Russia on Ukraine so you get that too
I will list the ones I *haven't* yet been to:
We say it to mildly annoy Italians and because of warm and fuzzy Yugonostalgic feelz.
Gospod (Mr), gospa (Mrs), Gospodična (Miss).
Tell us your secrets
Peronaly I can understand Slovak and south slavic just enough so I can travel but, can't hold any meanungfull conversation
Dont try to divert atention from your own problems by pointing at 🇨🇳
Honestly sometimes i think we're the dumbest country in the eu despite our excellent education system
It doesn't matter if you're white, black, asian, christian, Slovene, German, American..
Well that spoiled the party a bit.
The terms “Chad” & “Stacey” probably come closest to this
I'd like to buy 3 memes of Catalonia not independent and no civil war
We do have our bonfire nights and masquerades but you don't see people walking around in traditional clothing every day.
Articles are there so in case someone dares to actually hit back as in counter invade
Of course children also have to carry all that to school - not good for their backs at all
You woldn't be worried about Russia if Hillary won??
Who cares whats written on toilet paper
Oh I never realised I live in Transylvania, thanks for the heads up!
They speak mostly italian when they are among themselves at the bar of the italian community or at cultutal events organized by the community
"volk" (for a single wolf),
Gazprom To Hike Gas Prices For European Markets
I think everyone here would be releived if you people finaly stopped posting questions focusing around what Europeans think of different things considering the US.
I'm not big on baking, I just thought you may have forgotten its name and found one
Some schools may have a school club in which they release a 'newspaper' thingy a few times a year maybe.
Heck, I even have them in my family.
Slovenia has that many christians wtf
But you'd have to ask someone who was alive in communist times if it is actually original
You forgot -šek
Austria of course
If you know English you have all of the US to pick from.
This is splendid
But when you venture outside of places frequented by tourists, people are really nice.
They are also violent towards non-gypsies; in one of the more civilised gypsy villages in Slovenia, they attacked an ambulance after it had arrived because one of the gypsies was having a heart attack.
What's up with that
Yes one of my fears was that the new "cold war" will be fought between US and China, which would be pretty bad in my opinion.
You mean old black plates or new ones?
Why do Italian tanks have rear-view mirrors
Too bad Karl May was never to the US prior or during his writing of Vinetou.
My speaking is ok but if I speak for a long period of time, it starts to sound like my mouth is stuffed with something
Slovenian
As a result, he now has a permanent hole in his head filled with a plastic plug and slight hearing loss in one ear.
Rent and everything else will also be cheaper than in some other countries.
I could swear that this has been posted two times already.
They're sometimes false negative
You put a bit of the syrup and mix it with lots of water to get juice, or flavoured watter, whatever.
Not to mention that even on the off chance that the US establishes a territory in Europe, they'd be fighting people who look like them and understand their language
their fucking hands to themselves.
My guess would be that eastern germany is dragging them down in this measurement.
12point are 1pica, 6pica are one inch, 12inches in a foot, 3feet in a yard and 1760yards in a standard mile, wich is not the same as a roman mile or the us survey mile or the nautical mile.
i have also seen such an abomination, lmao
Politically, one could add the rest of the Warsaw Pact, but Yugoslavia wasn't part of that, so Eastern Europe doesn't work at all
I remember the good ol days of piracy when pirated music on CDs was distributed these ways, and satellite decoder cards were made by proffy pirates.
Arne sounds like it could be a stereotypical Slovenian name
What's "Germanic" about Estonia?
The closest example is Gorica/Nova Gorica
Y'all wish you were Primorska
- Henry VIII
I won't ever forget sitting infront of a hostel in the middle of London when a fox casually walks past us.
I spent a week at some friend's place there and his family didn't know anything.
But that is a horrible plan....
And we get my favourite part of S.
We get both, very cold and dry and not so cold but humid
It sounds super feminine and adorable to me, for some reason
There are new people infected every day, but everything looks under control
hje hje hje a se boš ljupčkov
If I'm ever in charge of Slovenia we will deffinatly recognise Sealand
Girls have normally black hair, hair extensions and like to wear a lot of make up and trashy looking clothes
I don't see how to fix that without politics.
But I don't think many people think of them in genders
And have had a continules presance for centuries.
At least from my experience, the Czech Railways are a great and cheap company so whenever I will go back to these countries, I will go by train
I seem to remember plenty of stories about a quite brutal Hungarization in what's today Slovenian Prekmurje, so it's ironic that you'd consider yourself a colony
Africans went from "fellow unaligned" to "unwelcome immigrants" in former Yugoslavia in 30, because the propaganda machine changed
I literally don't know any Slovene family that celebrates on the 25th.
According to "Taborniki union" webpage, 20% of Slovenians are or were once members of the union and Skavti webpage says they have around 4500 members.
Food prices in Germany and Slovenia are about the same.
Just came here to say this
This, however, is anathema to us as a local community that depends on the port as the largest employer and actually a very profitable state owned company
Sometimes we'll order a pizza or something else for dinner.
Well i hope that she is not celebrated only because she is a woman and 34 years old but also that she and goverment will do good work for Finland and the rest of the world
The talk is about Slovene and Bosnian culture
true in most slavic languages, but since we have a thing for being special snowflakes, grad just means castle over here.
Just to say, its a bit arhaic in colloquial but it used more often in some dialects
But are your candy canes sweet or minty?
While morally the answer would be no I am serious practically everybody on this site would give it a thought if not accept it straight
Also, Rijeka (or Reka) literally means river, though that's in Croatia
Actually, most types of screws are called after brand names and sometimes don't even have a different name
[Metelkova] its a plave where hippies and drugusers gather, and noone does anything about it.
I mean you germans sure did dry up the southern countries.
1 Chair, 2 Chairs, 3 Chairs - except the 2 chairs have a separate form
Too often it feels like these shops offer leftovers, stuff that they couldn't sell in wealthier countries
Yes, pardon, istrskobeneško dialect is a form of Venetian, native to Piran, Koper and Izola.
The south styrian german dialect does not exist anymore, that's why it's not as appearent
When I was renovating my bathroom most things were delivered by the people renovating my bathroom and some by a company I bought things from
Finland -> Finska (the land of wealthy or "fine" people)
Funny then, a product I buy here is the same as the one I can buy in Albania.
As long as it doesn't have a hole it counts
Supposedly the most played instrumental song in the world
It looks like they have the next election in the bag (although here everything can change in a matter of weeks).
If i remember correctly, I was saving about 200€ a month
barley soup is okay but def not something id consider a national pride.
I see and I perfectly understand.
Full bookshelves, tables completely covered, piles on the floor
If there is a compiled list (like twirltter responses..) or something similar it would be appreciated of aomeone could link it :)
Really speak to your local military guys, We should spend some more money on our defense.
> What is needed to solve this is a healthy dose of foreign investment from the EU and a fair amount of regulations (or protectionism) to help create nascent, sustainable industries
In Slovenian schools language of instruction is Slovenian and they teach Italian as 2nd language and vice versa in [Italian] schools
"Nadalje" can means further/continue
Same in slovenian -- Veverica
Religious wars, balcab wars world wars
Slovenia was in for 10 days of "war", partly because we didn't go along with the order from Belgrade to disarm and disband our territorial defense force (national guard essentially) and partly because Serbia didn't really care about Slovenia - we've always been the odd ones out in Yugoslavia
The actress who voiced the green dinosaur died
Vorsprung durch Kultur, Geschichte, Wissen- und Landschaft (VdKGWL)
I don't know if it was tripe that I didn't like or the soupy thing it was coocked in.
The doors are hydraulically operated and hydraulic fluid is still a liquid, so cock is perfectly accurate.
Exactly, we only deposed Khaddafi because a lot of countries owed him money for oil, and making him a tiran was the easiest way to justify it
nationalety does not equal cityzenship man, im a Yugoslav national with dual cityzenskip of two republics of exYU.
This is a tradition in Slovenia too, but during Easter, not as a wedding tradition
I think there was about 2 elections to date that I voted lesser evil, since fear of our current ruling party overcame my convictions
I mean dragging a camper behind across Europe you and setting it up in a camp is far from cheap.
Breaking Yugoslavia: How the US Used NATO as Its Battering Ram
yugoslavia was to much in serbian control for my liking....
Have you considered picking it up with a towel or something
We are supposed to hate our neighbours, alchoholic and suicidal
Our media continuously reported (for a few years continuosly) that Hungary will directly invest in the new rail link between Koper and Divača (I think the contribution was intended to be around 300-400 million euro out of the total 1,2 billion cost), which is currently under construction
You see, pineapple on a pizza is a bit like incest - even though it can be a victimless crime in some circumstances, it so offends the moral sensibility of normal people that it ought to be illegal
This comment deserves to be higher
I don't see how that's connected to me not meeting any Croatian tourists.
psi lajajo (3+ dogs are barking)
No, being from the European continent doesn't have the same meaning as being from my ethnicity.
Yeah this is after taxes(which are bigger than USA's) so before it would be like 2200-2400 I think
Yes, quite a lot of it
Ljubljana is pretty much the only and undisputed economic, financial and cultural centre of Slovenia, where a lot of people go to live and which attracts daily commuters form most of the country
Sometimes I wonder how he felt sharing the table with those two criminals and felt troubled by his internal conflict
If you're into nature, you can also take boat tours or go hiking or biking.
I have lived there for a year while in high school
edgy
It might give us the much needed push to get it done
Every country has people like this.
I have 310km to Vienna and 318km to Venice.
Lada Niva was very popular
'Hvala ti', 'hvala vam' and 'hvala vama'.
I take your point and I agree
I like it here
What about a white South African or Latin American
[This] site says there's 4,2 million of you lovely people.
It's not the same everywhere so the generalisations are not fair
says there are only 89 of them here.
And even then we might fill it with tap water.
Even I could write better ones.
For past two years, I was already dying of heat in May, this year it started mid June
You can see CET on television (foreign channels) but nobody would say anything like it, just the time.
One day he came home saying that he found a cool bar nearby
There's even a lot of Albanians/Kosovars in smaller towns.
I'm a big fan of nuclear power and I really hope we get some EU funding for the second block
Maybe just people have to get used to this being a normal social right, then in the long term they will start seeing the bullshit that they are doing
Years ago, there was even a commercial where a Slovene couple sit at the beach and a Czech shouts to his son to inflate one of those air mattresses, only for the couple to look at each other as they hear "Fukaj, Jožek, fukaj!"
During the year when there's not a lot of tourists, safety corridors are made well but over the summer tourists just don't get it
But that will happen reguardles of NATO.
Weren't there some Macedonian guys creating fake news to support Trump?
Spruce being ampng cheeper woods.
Look 4% of my country is muslim , mostly bosniaks and albanians who are integrated very good.
There is need for kids in europe doe :).
Sorry, but you Brits never really understood what all this 'EU' thing is about ...
Those who are, seem to be very much against it.
I mean, to move away you "lose" what, 5 seconds
No idea what they were looking for, but it is defenitely not normal
By tradition, the tree is up until "Presentation of Jesus at the Temple" (I had to google that lol) on February 2nd.
I think I'm the minority
What do we see in this picture
I just see that same shit happens everywhere and religioin is a scapegoat
Zdravo, moje ime je Janez
I visited Slovakia last December and could get by with Slovenian only
Croatia wasn't that lucky though, and Bosnia basically got brutalized by all its Yugoslav neighbors and also in an internal civil war
Arbor Squad
There is also no sharia law there.
Waffles
For Slovenia
I think he's mocking feminists who throw a fit (and also come up with ridiculous terms like "Rape Culture") whenever there's a disparity between males and females in any statistic.
We just had two ham and cheese toasts and coffee, but sat there for two hours, which itself is something that would never happen in America.
So how do you clean it
If it's a family gathering there's what we call a [štamprle] (I don't know what you would call this in English) of usually homemade liquor and usually a cup of coffee with it.
It's like a smaller and cuter version of Venice.
Sorry for maybe wrong words, am trying lol
Hospitals will only treat the symptoms while the virus runs its course
Also, this map is about cities that were *founded* by the Romans
He actually might stumble into that
but I think the reason to do it this way is that it doesn't ruin the landscape as much.
Daher wurde sie die
Fucking reddit, i need to get of this shit.
PM: Serbia wants best possible relations with Kazakhstan - -
*twitches
Especially countries that are now much better off in EU than before.
And if you keep reading continuously news like this [one] you just start to worry
And I don't think we have anything similar in Europe
I replied before you edited your comment!
Name 'Kersnik' is an appellative, his real name was a tabu.
while I cannot think of any in Ljubljana
Ugly commie blocks, casinos and nice looking houses
That's the crysis he's talking about.
I live in central Slovenia, Zasavje and I'd shift your whole scale 5 degrees downward for me
Blood sausage
There are about 10 stray cats roaming around in our village
And unless you wanna spend your life there, I frankly don't see why immigrants should be forced to take classes.
o - about
I would love to see that in live and feel some adrenaline
Edit: just remembered - there is a running joke that you it's pigeon's meat in burek in Ljubljana and that is the reason they are not as common as they used to be
luckily her car was right there so she and the dog quickly got in
They're called "veselica" (could be translated along the lines of "a happy occasion") and, as liliputput mentioned, are very popular - everybody comes to dance to some nice and loud traditional music (which all pretend to hate otherwise).
As a consequence we kinda just left a lot of the monuments in place and I don't really think we renamed that many streets or other named public things
I tried to find the source but couldn't.
Well I don't know anyone who is considering getting a gun (apart from hunters of course).
In Slovenia, 'Culture day' also celebrates a poet: France Prešeren
There may be times when most children survive, but if people keep having large numbers of children during those times, population will increase exponentially until it leads to a severe overpopulation, eventually resulting in epidemics, famine or war.
Eh, only because Hitler wanted the ex-Austrian territories "back" to "make this land German again".
They are more common as pet names.
Like I said, I have irish friends, so I know all that
Also because they are masked and braver they sometimes try to i guess flirt with women but in an agressive way
I actualy created my own i wish to spread.
They sid the same thing about the Soviet union
We may forgive being called Balkans, but not Eastern Europe
How does this keep happening
I assume that when you are creating a layout for a newspaper frontpage, your fucking job is to come out with the best layout for the given material, not to do a shitty photoshop job on some of the material to make your job easier.
Anyway, it is a high school you go to after primary school at 14-18 years of age and gives its students a general education
For example: Slovene language uses also the dual form (in addition to singular and plurar), but the Litoral dialects don't use it
"Standard German," LOL
Not all of them had a lever
Obviously it would take decades for cultures of bigger countries to be completely gone but not so long with smaller countries.
Can I ask an follow up question?
This term was actually used in Michael Palin's travel documentary
I'd add "Pekarna" (The Bakery) in Maribor
Only if the people who live their want to be
Maybe this is a que for double flair suggestion, if that's even possible.
Because it happened 20 years ago
Vem, ampak ne obstajata samo Zagreb in Ljubljana
That's because criticizing Israel (not Israeli government, but Israel as a state) can be understood as denying its right to exist.
They've been here before Kosovo became independant.
Obraz - Slovene Face; Slovak Painting
Expand that and set your flair
Agreed my dad which is going to be 47 this year with 25+ years of experience on the job(civil engineering) and has been working at the same company for the past 17 years and makes a tiny bit more than him, he is a big exception imo
I dont think that is the case...
But considering the situation the revolution put Russia into, this was the only possible outcome
Of course, we could not live without it
Also our [median person's HDI] and [median person's net wealth] seem to place us in a quite interesting position
Boy scouts, and our group in particular was started by the founder of Boy scouts of Slovenia: Pavel Kunaver - Sivi Volk
Whel bulgarian historic fondnes for germans and turcs and the historic hate towards felow slaws ower the past century lead me to believe the majorety of the nation was like that
Since we broke up I haven't visited but the weird thing is, I feel a connection with the basque people
He's on his way out at least, they're holding a vote of no confidence next week that's expected to pass
Unles you merge that office with the office of the kancley ey ;)
Actually it would be quite ridicolous for such a small country like us to divide even further
Is this a meme
same for us, same for us
But they do pose a security concern.
You want to slow that down, build up Romania, give them a reason to stay.
Smaller, bigger signs, even a few km before reaching a border.
"Vreme" in Slovene means weather, in Croatian time
But if you look how many women fells comfortable to take off bra at least once on a vacation when sunbathe than 50% is a bit low
I don't wish his kind uppon any country.
This is a direct atack on free speavh.
I don't know of any other way to pronounce bitch without the "i".
The holocaust includes the systematic killing of Roma along with Jews.
We do have them in stores though.
I guess this gap has increased
'I was very proud to become **citizens** of the United States'.
Also we spend our summers on your coast and listen to your music
He has no speaking skills whatsoever, not a pinch of charisma, just skills in fear mongering and lying
I grew up with a group of friends that I had because my parents and their friends had kids at approximately the same time
There is not enough flats in Slovenia or they are expensive as fu\*k for young people
it survived so many changes and wars yet renovation destoryed it
Yeah just watched home alone 2 as well
Its kinda funny you dont get that....
Unfortunately you can't rely on us to do much in a war
Everyone knows Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn.
French truly produced some great people.
I know objectivity is almost impossible in threads like this but some people really need to think before they post
Our tap water is of excellent quality in most parts of the country
There are plenty of airports with cheap flights all around Slovenia only a short drive away, but it's true that Ljubljana is horribly unconnected with direct flights
What you are proposing is a lunacy, my neighbour cant listen to national slovenian music and do various of our stuff because his grandfathers goverment tried to erase our culture?
Our national fish is the so called "[Ihanski Brancin]" (Ihan bass)
Like this  , H pronunciation is the same in all Slavic Balkan languages
This disparity is due to the unfavourable economic and political situation the Slovenes were faced with as a small, rural nation ruled by the German uper classes
I have a rock collection in a glass frame
Yes, Italian is very big on "s" and "z" sounds.
Check a bit kenjutsu techniques and you'll notice how much dodging is preferred to blocking.
Especially if there is a bigger celebration and there were plates of food and not an individual portions
There are things we have to learn about it in 8th grade of *domovinska kultura in etika* (it gets renamed every couple of years and it's mainly about various religions, the workings of the government, courts, presidents, national assembly etc
, which was telling people that no matter how bad of a president he was, it would be a disaster for the security of the country if the president is changed in the middle of the conflict
The clouds are rather dark, too.
Don't tell me idiots in cars won't do that
As for boars I have not heard of somebody dying from an attack but I know few people who have been attacked and they barley escaped
Go shove some Zyklon b up your arse.
... ...  why
kinda interesting that a bosnian is running a AskMena....
I don't like Maribor, I don't like the people there, they have that being 2nd complex and I can't stand their dialect
Don't link SSC in the middle of a work day
Serbia in 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence - -
Yes, cigarette littering is an issue, but drunk people driving is an issue aswell
Lol they have zero, while italy has all?
Italians used to be hungry for land, always.
Oh yeah you're right, my bad
Going back 100 more years and Slovenes made up almost half of the population in both
Imo, some of the Sicilian cities take the cake for the ugliest city, but that's only my opinion
All
Way less stressful than working.
Noone wants to say "fancy" in the first place.
Similar thing happened to me last year in Cervinia
Can you vote the head of state?
You either are a German or you aren't.
Slovenia: Postage stamp of course!
Many of them are not integrated.
Why not make it a possibility to banish say the brits with one quick swipe, forcing them into a hard Brexit?
Or at least tell us in which city
Climate change affect the whole life on Earth
A lot of super old abandoned houses and some so small they're only apropriate as a weekend house.
Soča river valley, Škocjan caves if we're going by natural beauty
While barn dogs/cats are seen as near house animals, useful for the homestead.
On little boys in white gowns?^IHadToSorry^IReallyReallyAm
[Metaldays] [Soča Reggae festival] and [Punk Rock holidays] Idk how good they are, Metaldays has a very good reputation, but they all share a nice setting.
Then geographically we have the sea, we have the Alps, we have the pannonian plain and large areas of beautiful hilly landscape
Its not nice place to live if you are a bosnian immigrant worker, working for the minimum wage?
The only reasons to do that is when tap water is not available, or possibly in the club where you want to use a bottle
He was 16, the germans were promising freedom and they were afraid of communism
O wouldnt call history hanell a umentary chanell (ง°▼°)ง
Kajkavian is closest to Slovene Pannonian dialects.
It was slightly traumatic
And to think Večernji used to be a respectable paper...
Every
What about a white South African or Latin American
Usually for money
But hey still (I guess) healthier than this.
Interesting to see who will buy it.
Even Airbus is a product of cooperation between European countries
It's mashed potatoes mixed with flour, I think
Puttinf mpre restriction into the law, but they are changing it.
Yes but what about civil war in BIH ?
Ljubljana is the wettest capital in EU, not because it constantly drizzles but because when it rains, it pours.
It's also a thing in northern areas of Italy where it's not as hot as in the south.
Literally anyone could be a spy
For sure it's our prime minister
Yeah, sorry
Fantastic, complex novel about WW2.
I mean, what could possibly go wrong?
i dont believe that 0% on the UK for a second
Why didn't teachers tell us about Slovenes who were sent to concentration camps
Well sure, but honour requires nothing but absolute economic leadership within the Slavic world!
&#x200B;
krof ali drugače tudi bab :)
*The State* as in general any country there
Guys, we have a proverb
Educate yourself by reading their website and/or book a meeting with them at their nearest office.
While on the other hand our current prime minister and the hungarian president are good friends, and Janša gets his media and his party financed from Hungary
Honestly sometimes i think we're the dumbest country in the eu despite our excellent education system
There cant be zero unemployment.
Really felt I was from a less developed country at that point
The problem was that a Yugoslavia with a powerful Serbia was too skewed politically to them, with Serbia almost having a majority on the Presidency with the combined control of Vojvodina, Kosovo, Serbia itself and Montenegro giving them basically giving them veto rights against Macedonia, Slovenia, Croatia and Bosnia.
They have fabric and leather furniture and a comfy carpet in a calming corner and fabric toys and that all gets dirty even without dirty shoes all over it
[The castle] is the main one
Let no one say Europe and the USA don't perfectly complement each other
It's going to be a global 9/11
Most dorm apartments have 3 2bed rooms, a kitchen and a bathroom
If you challenged one in my country you'd probably get laughed off or thrown out
Everyone in Slovenia hates everyone in Slovenia
It kind of sounds like they have all sorts of speech impediments :/ Though some South American countries are even worse.
I know it's really minor but it's fascinating to me
And we don't really do 'school spirit' the way you do.
-ič is the most common ending of specific endings but it's not nearly as common in Slovenia as in other countries
You could do a beer flavoured mayo though
Later texts, from Primož Trubar in 16th century and later are more or less understandable once you get past the spelling and font
Why the hell can some Australian douchebag, who's only been in Croatia as tourist and who thinks being a Croat means being an ustaša, influence the events in a country that he doesn't even live in in that manner?
I still don't know how anyone would connect corporal punishment and standing to greet a teacher.
But they are politically so bias it's ridiculous.
Just that, 1) only one of my grandparents was actually in the party
They are quite a bit harder though and certainly not for everyone
how the turntables
A Slovene sees a man in the forest where there are bears.
Czech is funny for all Slavs :P That was Slovenian though
Why would anyone who's not Slovenian speak this language, let alone on the internet?
Yeah in some more inland places it's like that as well, but always in regions that were under Italy before
Meanwhile, teenage moms and cases of broken rubber consider you sanctimonious pricks.
Again
This are the exact results of a vote, not a poll that attempted to measure public opinion.
Hat mich echt zum lachen gebracht
It feels good to be a special snowflake...
Prokleto
We have our own way to deal with it
And this is only scratching the surface, really
Austrians - Jodlarji - Yodelers
You are located to the south of us, so of course your weather is warmer.
I like Austrian ones, especially the one from [Graz]
We're average
You must not have traveled much
We also have new town- Novo mesto
Some sweds said something about a forum where they can check that.
I've heard of "povodni mož", some kind of a water dwelling man, who'd steal people (women) and kept them in his underwater palace
He is taking notes on capitalism
No one here thinks we work hard.
Depends which one
If given the opportunity, how would you redesign your country's flag
(ducks head from an attack from an irate canadian).
A guy tried to scam (I guess you could call it that) a schoolmate of mine when he put a bracelet on his wrist and expected him to pay for it - of course without the kid asking for it in the first place
Jeez, people here believe every conspiracy theory someone comes up with.
Is it like your everyman or something
Mushroom picking is very common in various countries in Europe.
Almost every building in [Jesenice] It's such an eyesore.
I don't know where you get your information but there was no infighting on a big scale between resistants in France.
It's obvious that the Founding Fathers didn't want a democracy, they wanted a republic, and that's why they created a system where every branch of the government is elected differently.
In the end he just pulled out some paper and show the"official" 5€/km fare.
Any word on the south rose window
You do this activities after school.
I didn't know that many countries dubbed.
I saw some videos from yesterday's parade, and that stuff is straight from the nightmares
Nice
I attached a huge basket at the front of the bike, mainly for the groceries, I also have a smallish trailer in case basket is not enough
Gotten drunk at a wedding and got into a fight
Everyone knows the best known ones and then there's a ton people wouldn't believe even exist if you told them their names
Most of the northern rural Slovenia would probably suit you.
There is dissent in the historian ranks over whether Aldi is related to the very similar yet oh so different deity Hofer
After all, when Hungary started putting up a fence it seemed a bit extreme to all of us.
But I think they're too busy hating on Croats and Serbs (also vice-versa) to hate on themselves
They're not calling it "marriage".
Serbia also didn't profit from having 3 wars simultaneously, but it was in their interest to keep Yugoslavia together and stop the republics from gaining independence
Driving 1 hour away is considered a day trip that requires sandwiches being packed
And those god forsaken dutch don't know we also had civil war and massacres.
Adenauer had to step down before his fourth term was up, IIRC.
Siddharta as well, they've been around America i believe
Fajn trgovina
If you will not learn we will have to change language (while showing cooking wooden spoon- kuhalnica and threatening beating with it)
I mean, I agree but how exactly would Venice benefit *financialy* by curbing tourism
With party that blamed EU for all sorts of problems and complained about excessive regulations and made that one of reasons for Brexit in power
This desevers to be on the 1st page of imgur :D
However, i do have at hand the data about the birth and death rate for Slovenia between the years 1857 and 1910, as well as the population of Slovenia for both of those years , from which it is not hard to calculate what the increase of the population would be if there was no emigration
Bismarck was against colonialism
Once, 15 years ago
This is the first time I fear an American president might send a drone missile against someone making fun of him on Twitter.
I remember now that Hofer is for Eurosong not for skiing
The US exports to the EU make up 18% of US exports
Fuck, the dental lines will be even longer now.
Damn, it's almost 5am here and now I'm drooling and hungry, thanks a lot ...
FREUDE
Why does media care about this so much?
/r/shittyhdr is [that way](/r/shittyhdr)
First sentence would be ok, the second one is a magnet for downvotes.
I think in general the mountaineering ethics has declined a bit since it became so popularized
However, I hope the situation stabilizes before the summer
It comes across to many as offensive and "othering" since the term itself doesn't fit in a cultural, historical, or geographical context and is usually used to delimit subjectively "better" vs "worse".
If too many come , we can close the borders and deport people on site.
Or sirov burek
Was there a [dog chasing them]
Bread with pizza
WWII partisans or home guards
Terrorism itself is almost a non-problem.
I have only seen it [here] before.
is there a western accent in russian?
But so is in Germany, Austria, Hungary, Slovakia
From singlehandedly causing Brexit to sending immigrants to Europe.
Certainly not seen like that
Not sure what you mean, since there's pretty much 1:1 mapping between Serbian Cyrillic and Latin alphabets, and we could easily represent Russian Cyrillic with Latin characters just as well without requiring any special new characters beyond the soft and hard signs
Croatian and Slovenian Foreign Ministers Argue about Border Dispute
Worked on it like idiots for at least a week
probably the best Turkish town there is.
Well, Austria is technically still controlling the AT-SLO border, though the controls are pretty random at this point
High five
There are also Kelmorajn for Köln, Draždani for Dresden, Lipsko for Leipzig and Kodanj for Copenhagen
We always make fresh soup noodles, but pasta very rarely.
from my experience speech like that only makes civil institutions seem less extreme compared to the speaker.
Banning burqas is oppressive towards women.
Orban introduced such an electoral system that no party stands a slightest chance of unseating him.
Safe bet would be all my ancestors from all sides of my family are from this area as well.
Taviano I
How
you are right your majesty, we do understand Croatian and Serbian quite well, but they cannot understand us whatsoever
When I was growing up I felt that we had just a right amount, but I think things are different now
Like one said Croatia low and midtier til 2023 and high tier when decomissioned
The rise of ultra-nationalist Serbian parties alienated the people of the other republics, leading to a large amount of nationalism there and finally secession from a system that was, in truth, far too controlled by the Serbs.
Those micro states are full of intricacies!
I haven't been to the the US but what I see online and in the media is awful
Well sure, standard would work too, and so would magyar at least for south Slavs
You get the cheap brains that improve your economy and you pay for it by providing the cheap muscle with work, which improves your economy but hurts your people
The Slovene name comes from the word “Konj” which means a horse
Carry them out if that's what it takes.
I mean I get that Orban is bad, but sometimes, the answer is voting against your political beliefs and voting fro more centre-left party.
So, today not much people speak italian at home and generally slovene is much more widely spoken
They look like someone put them together in Microsoft Word 5 minutes before start.
Its the ustaškoat of arms no doubt about it.
And we have chocolate, apple, kebab and kranjska klobasa burek
Wearing shorts and long sleeved sweaters or jackets.
Yeah, but I've noticed more women (usually 30-60 years old) who wear tshirts with cringey overused quotes like 'live laugh love' and shit like that
Bademajster - Bademeister - life guard
[Image] instead of a link to a subreddit where there is a link to Twitter.
Unless you're talking about Russians, Ukrainians, or Belarussians, please don't use that term to refer to anyone else, since they likely consider it offensive for a host of historical and cultural reasons and because it doesn't really make sense either
Scooter or [Tomos] is often a present for confirmation and it's really the only motivation they have to go to church.
Completely normal and happens on daily basis
Also sometimes we just name villages after one particular tree: Poplar (Topol), Maple (Javor), Birch (Brezje) and Linden (Lipa)
Yes, but the word commie is just short for communist, it doesn't imply being under Stalin's control.
But don't know what she looks like.
Kinda looks like a smaller, less depressing version of [kowloon walled city]
I think they will, but frankly I don't give a damn if they do.
Both of these go double if you're a LOTR fan (not filming locations, but could easily have been the inspiration for some)
Honestly, tempting
Indeed, the glory days of Armenia ruling Ukraine were over
1 TV SLO is from RTV Slovenija and its a national TV
Slovenian isn't different due to German and Italian influence
Every round birthday ever
Everyone and their mother once had a dog named Rex.
When the shit hits the fan
He will get stabbed, he made way too many enemies to enjoy retirement
It's more logical to use 2dcl instead of 200ml.
Serbia grateful for Madagascar's stance on Kosovo - -
They have also a parallel school system in italian language
If he is the most hated, could we guess that PIS will lose elections soon
und so die Beutelratte wohlbehalten wieder nach Hause kam
In western Europe, all the rich landlords keep their land that some of them owned for centuries.
In short, Slovenia was the shit back in the Yugoslav days, but we can hardly compete with the rest of western Europe
I think Ljubljana is the MOST hated or disliked, but most people are still pretty indifferent
Slovenia an independent country is just the final small chapter
You're not a painter, are you
Sometimes we did that in the first round eat children or "the young ones" and in the second round all the adults
Germany -> Nemčija (land of mutes)
Italian is the co-official language because the coastline of Slovenia had a substantial italian population until 1954, after that year most of them emigrated to Italy with just a few thousand people remaning
I don't know the data for the other republics or Yugoslavia as a whole
But then again, we don't have much super wealthy people.
The most common is probably -ar
She's played by Keisha Castle-Hughes, I remember her from Whale rider.
Green is our national colour and it represents our country very well.
You have Europe's support, Scotland
That's how r/europe has always been and a primary reason why I stopped being a regular here
"the West" is a antiquated term used by the anglo-americans and should be actively discouraged in common discourse.
Currently on "the drink is called Rakija".
When we leave our municipality we keep the dialect but combine it with standard slovene
There are a lot of Europeans on that sub, though.
Erm it was preplaned, there was protocol and everething.
I tried looking it up, but I think it's still too soon to talk details.
Was thinking of 10% of 10€. Sorry
Through the amazing process of media osmosis, I have learned English from such a young age that I'm probably more fluent in English than Slovene
Netherlands - Nizozemska
If you find an interested person, where do you go?
Ljubljana is beautiful in the winter.
Like a tomato, bell pepper, cucumber and onion salad with lots of vinegar and pumpkin seed oil to dip your bread in.
We tried building them proper houses, but they just completely destroy them in the span of a year.
When our journalists few years ago contacted companies asking them about using inferior ingredients based on some tests, only Kotányi admitted but said they're 'not inferior, just different edit: because we like our food less peppery''.
I highly doubt Germans or any other Europeans care about heritage.
And you order without onions does the guy ask you if you are gonna kiss anyone
Its a sad reality that slovenia is in such a bad spot because people simply dont want to pay their bills and other shit like that instead of not being able to pay bills, but hey, at least every 2nd slovenian has a fucking mercedes, audi or bmw, gotta get them loans
We learn them (tho Venice mostly since it was here)
His enemy tries to steal his belongings/wife/sister/herd.
They switched to USB-C a while ago
And just photos of the country made me start planning a road trip around the country in late spring
There were tons of daimons, each with his own characteristics and attributes, and what was happening with them is outlined in Greek mythology.
I love our dual form:
Luckily our guide intervened and calmed the Italian down before anything worse happened
No, it says they can't on their website.
\<0 cold
And if NATO breaks down, you'll have Europe arming itself, so by the time this happens, the US have 0 chance of winning
Also in that vein there's an underground running event in my city 5.5 km underground through our abandoned coal mines.
Average flat size is around 80sqm.
10 - deset
He has his own ideas about linguistics and ethnicity.
Anything Austrian/German = good.
But yeah, try to find people who don't understand English.
"Ne afne guncat" and "ne se afnat" is very widespread
I love how many very different sounding dialects we have
Pisses me off to see France getting constantly attacked for past years, on top of domestic instability
I am sure Pahor is already onto that.
A car that can be used for day trips and comuting.
strange, ričet is THE stew to eat when you go hiking, most mountain cabins offer it
that would be france
But that doesn't make my words any less true
Other dialects spoken in the area are šavrinsko and rižansko, both are phonetically very diverse.
Initially it was meant to cost about half a billion euros
The next morning a truck pulls up with 7 guy in the back.
Jesus, there cant be an article without the omnipresent Trump in it?
It was able to turn down that US-favored agreement without too much trouble.
Made in Germany, Italy France and Poland?
If you live in Slovenia and your family lives in Slovenia, then by definition you live close to each other.
I live 4,5 km (air distance) from Austria.
But don't we say *kraljica Elizabeta*?
No they're not
all the people from the former Republics of Yugoslavia seem to have kebab/čevapčiči/Balkan food plače here.
We're talking about trade and shit, not about merging or something
Forget about camping, when it comes to the Alps, mountain huts are the way to go.
und so die Beutelratte wohlbehalten wieder nach Hause kam
Would PoC break trade relations with all of the EU
So what stance does the UK have on TTIP?
Katana breaks if you look at it too intensely.
Likewise
Here are some examples in Slovene:
UK Parliament seems to be like a sitcom at this point
It worked pretty well until the appearance of nationalism.
A ceremonial position for the most part, he either hangs out with people or takes care of the international relations.
Well give you back Istria if you give us back Trieste and Gorica!!!!1
Back to Gozd - Reka
Wait, does that mean that communism is just a Big Music conspiracy
Those five years didn't feel that bad tbh
i found out later
He refused to elaborate on how Nato was doing that.
Oh, and about the Gotschee Germans
Well yes, parents are usually at work by then
I love it
Here we are all aware of the continuity and slow evolution of human habitation and culture and there is no cultural concept of "wild natural area" that a society can colonize
(Well, there is snow in the mountains.)
Well not all of them, some were:
Brother killing brother for gods sake.
Padva F
> What is needed to solve this is a healthy dose of foreign investment from the EU and a fair amount of regulations (or protectionism) to help create nascent, sustainable industries
And one of their bad teeth may break of and stay stuck in your flesh, causing a sepsis.
Politics are nasty business and anyone that thinks any of the leaders cared for the people is insane, and any of the generals were not looting and murdering phycopaths is delusional
Celjski grofje not procreating
To be fair though I used to think Croatia was just a weird place within Slovenia, where people spoke some sort of SUPER version of the Bela krajina accent
It's not, but even if it was, he found perfectly wrong place, time and topic to crack jokes.
Črnci
Croatia
Sure there was discrimination against women, but there was discrimination against men too (both still applies today).
They have fabric and leather furniture and a comfy carpet in a calming corner and fabric toys and that all gets dirty even without dirty shoes all over it
How exactly is Bosnian Muslim culture similar to Slovene or Croatian Catholic culture?
Gives incentive to learn I guess
rabs ver raped and pilaged our homs to steal our estock and children.
Primorska region here
sLOVEnia - A vacation in Slovenia
Less developed part of Slovenia reporting in
In case anyone's curious, see below
and never felt unsafe
In Ljubljana, we have about half a bottle of snow
The European Council or more specific The Council of EU represents the individual state.
I think that's because he might face death penalty and EU countries don't extradite people for such crimes
Gotten drunk at a wedding and got into a fight
During the winter that region is almost always coverd in snow
We have 2 cohesion regions
I doubt rubbing oil on your skin will protect you from that.
hahaha trust me, you find daisies like this in Serbian music as well.
Threw them in pits aand that’s it, they died there
For slovenia is german
One attack by ustaše in 1977 and murder of Jiři Lunga.
It looks like the cook had diarrhea.
Also, try being on a highway to the beach or work for millions of Europeans.
[I still have them :\)]
But as Melania's husband showed us recently, NATO isn't exactly a stable alliance anymore
Why's australia in eurosong even??!!?!?
I haven't met a single person in Ljubljana that thought that while studying there
Why would it be weird to have winter tires on all the time in a country where snow can be expected any day in the winter?
Lol , why do people like you exist?
I've never seen somebody use a Chinese flag here before.
So, so many people would say "Videl sem Chuck Norrisa" instead of "Videl sem Chucka Norrisa" (I saw Chuck Norris)
Less a nickname, and more outdated names: Italians are Lahi (I don't know etymology, sadly)
I'll list some that I can still remember from school.
You can guess that forest part is near a forest, and the Reka part is near a river, or rather a stream, also named Reka - river
There is the Markovec highway tunnel, actually in Koper, my hometown
Another marriage-related tradition is [Vomnsk poh] (Lomski ploh for the uninitiated).
Or to be more precise when SJW charade began?
Same in slovenian -- Veverica
Well that's a šiptar for you
Beef curtains are labia minora.
All the members of the minority speak fluent slovene, also a huge number of slovenes speak italian, but unfortunately not all of them (sadly also many people at official positions have quite a poor fluency in italian)
First Greenfel Tower hero then this
I am working around everything else once per year tho!
I have never heard anything ill said about Hungarians
People comunicate with locals in Serbo-Croat from Paris to Shanghi
This deserves to be a cover for something
We truly are on the crossroads of everything.
Since we broke up I haven't visited but the weird thing is, I feel a connection with the basque people
Newton is the father of calculus.
Unless you meet a black person who just wants to play a victim, saying black is perfectly fine
The "other" deck we use here, next to the French, is the German/Bavarian deck, which is also called Hungarian here for some reason
81% for Slovenia
Everything I've seen of Turkey I loved.
> And how do you deal with exits
But Trump is wining as we speek, do you have a better idea?
It goes scandinavian - other germanic - slav - french - those latin lovers from warm places, no
Yeah, bread is eaten with everything even things like pasta
Why would anyone order 0,57l of anything?
One of the homes has an 'internal school' and kids in other 2 homes visit local schools.
Lately are popular also other types of heating with wood like woodchips or pellets
Also, what you're saying is precisely the point
Somebody wants to start war in balkans again.
Would trade her English accent for what she did to Slovene words any day of the week
"volk" (for a single wolf),
Walking in the streets of Zagreb, talking in Slovenian with friends, albeit quite fast
I was curious if anyone from Austria will have had a similar experience since it's so close to the boarder
I think it would be customary here to ask how much we owe
It's free, unless you study part time, then it's 1500-4000€ per year, depending on the course.
So yeah youll probably have to make a stop in Zagreb.
The amount of people who have that degree for such a niche field is way too high (at least here in Slovenia)
But the biggest advantage Asia has over Europe is the sheer amount of workforce.
Those huts that are meant as a shelter for one night.
I am all Germany on this blessed day
It's similar, but we use all the fruit mixed together (apples, pears and plums) not just plums
I taught you Germans have a form for everything so it is right to assume that you must first fill the form then you can run someone over
The Backbone of Total War - Trains in WW1 I THE GREAT WAR Special
If we got annexed by [Italy/Austria/Hungary/Croatia] nobody would even notice we were gone
i merely wanted to point out the hypocrisy, never did i try to instil the argument that the EU should govern over any country because that country is incompetent.
) is what parents have to pay and every year children have to get new equipment
Noone really, Austria looks down on us, balkan thinks of us like we are part of Austria
Picking up women in English (my technically 3rd language) is light-years easier than in any other language I speak at any level and that's the effect it has on my personality
By all accounts, they're already pretty heavy and I am not sure what more can be done
I feel that part
[This] is how it disappears into the underground
It like a hybrid between a handshake and a high five
Novo Mesto (meaning New City) is one of the oldest settlements in the region but it got its name in the 14th century
It's how I imagine kids cooking.
I wouldn't say exactly germanised, since we lived with the germans for several hundred years
Also, Slovenia is a Slavic country, that borders Italy (romanic language), Austria (germanic language) and Hungary (Ugrofinnic
Because there are people who agree with [this guy] as unbelievable as it seems.
[University of Ljubljana ] probably
Even doctors are disliked when they want higher wages
Wow thanks, that's clever actually
Something else I forgot to mention
decent politicians
So - tidy
We also have it here, but not as big
I hope I don't have to say I'm not really serious.
He was running for parliament and I think he could have been a really good pm and he might have actually won
Because they changed our names to be more italian or german, because our language could not be spoken , because you were sent to the battle head-first as your life meant less then of a austrian.....
Even hobbies that would generally be considered perfectly normal.
My parents live in a house surrounded by fields and forrest and have animals visiting them all the time.
Possibly Slovenian Carinthia
History - They spent most of their history under Hungarian rule, while the rest of Slovenia was under Austrian rule
You have to stay at the windiw long enouth.
Just comparing the Macedonian and Slovenian deaths will give you a good picture of that (\~90,000 Slovenian and less than 7,000 Macedonian)
But isn't Nehterlands gay and vegan in addition to being cyclist?
Even in green areas you'll find people
Poor Transnistria existing in ths country lmno.
So depending on your level of masochism it can be super interesting or super-suicide-inducing
But I have my YouTube set to GB because trending videos in Slovenia are horrible
EU has no choice but to go hard on Britain.
I like it
The sun is neuter (sonce), while we have two words for the moon
Wait that actually was Croatia
Yes, federalism was part of that wild ride.
The Russians are sensing the same shift in geopolitical order as everyone else.
I think it's mostly how the question was phrased
I can't believe how far down I have to scroll to get past the "it's ok because he was a nazi" comments
Zahvaljujem se ti/vam
Above 20 is hot
In Slovenia it's Ljubljana, in Belgium (second home) it's Leuven
One case I can think of is single terrorist who survived London Iranian embassy siege in 1980
I honestly don't know why, but every time it gets to the topic of Austria, I turn into a hardcore nationalist.
People use the word federation because they think it sounds cool, but they don't really understand the meaning thereof
A leader can let his people starve under sanctions, or he can swallow the pride and admit defeat.
Not sure what's uglier in this picture, the life-size lego pirate ship replica, or the architectural abortions in the background.
Most American ones
German, because why not
I don't drink proper tea that much, but I'm a fanatic for tisanes (herbal infusions).
The EU Has a Lot to Celebrate (and Work to Do)
That is why every normal country drives on the right.
In comparison, in Slovenia a country with 2 million people, we are introduced with English and French/German as soon as we hit primary school
Makes me cringe to this very day
People going north to south and people going east to west.
You deserve better
Italy in war is like a steak, the harder you pound it the bigger it gets
Also it has come to my attention that Mandarin speakers who also speak English have an easier time learning Germanic languages
I started school in 2002
Master race, übermensch, undesirables, untermensch and all that.
Russia will pay in one way or another you can believe that, but from a rational human beings perspective Hilary would still be a better candidate even if it turned out she did something much worse, that's how incompetent Trump is, yet he we are.
You say go away to your mother, your father, your brother, your sister, but you no say go away to me
When they come to put up a 'mlaj', they're accompanied by music bands or at least accordion players and there's lots of drinking and singing involved.
We literally stole Prekmurje and Primorska has always been influenced by Italians
You taken my comments out of contex.
We have a saying that goes "vsaka vas ima svoj glas" (every village has its own voice), meaning that every village has a slightly different speech than the neighboring one
Also regarding food:
But it wouldn't come to that
No, I'm asking you what are the incompatibilities between the culture of French and the culture of French Jews.
Črnomelj is a hell hole, Metlika at least has some potential but it's still one big ruin
Due to being under various empires throughout history and having lots of hills, people in the past from different regions didn't hang out much thus pretty much every village developed their own dialect.
It's the municipality that has the power to fine citizens, not some random private firm.
Almost immediately after taking office he/they(SDS) appointed their own people to the heads of police, army, the national institute for public health, the statistical office, the Slovene Intelligence and Security agency and many other national institutions
Its realy hard to chose between [Triglav national park] and the Kamnik-Savinja Alps But the Karavanke are realy so good in the sunset....
While im asuming in such a cenarion Scotland would only mentain a cost guard and have the waters patroled by the english navy.
And they are mostly concentrated in urban areas
Why didn't teachers tell us about Slovenes who were sent to concentration camps
Also those kids should have gone to public secular Dutch schools and that's it.
[Here's an image i found online]
Also ignorance
> Bubble and squeak (England), rumbledethumps (Scotland), colcannon (Ireland)
We have no such devide, all trains here are shit.
78€
[This] is not a ducumentary, but it's all you need to know about Slovene's.
We have that too only that it's "like a spanish village to me"
The military museum in Pivka
Eventually NATO bombed Belgrade into submission and 25 years later, here we are with SLO and CRO in the EU, BiH, SRB, MNG, and NMK outside, and with jokes floating around (in Slovenia) that once all the former Yugoslav republics are in the EU, the EU will probably collapse, since there is no force that can keep a union with all of us in it alive
Are you Felix (PewDiePie) and Marzia
sestra - a sister
I think anyone who isn't proficient in Serbo-Croatian would have a hard time telling apart Croats from Zagreb and Serbs from Belgrade.
This is the only time kids loved going to church because we collected stickers, the priest asked questions during mass and you could win a price.
Thanks for sharing
May I remind you that Hitler did not have a majority in the Bundestag by the elections, and Mussolini was also not voted into power.
Don't know much about the rest of the island.
And hopefully, the brain attached to the mouth
Isn't that called defenestration or something
According to the Slovenian statistical office a 2 person house hold uses 219€ per month on food and non-alcoholic beverages
What kind of retard made this chart?
It was funny cuz we had a german exam the next day
Padva F
But fuck the nonsensical state capitals
Personally, I loved visiting Cluj Napoca - friendly people, good food, pretty girls
Thus, Bulgaria would be able to have a much lower minimum tax rate than Sweden, because otherwise you kill poorer countries with the brain drain even more than already
For the record there aren't any slient letters in the word 'Ljubljana', nor in the majority of slovenian words
I remember the time when it was around 1,5€, now it's bellow* 1€.
English was also taught in schools in Yugoslavia, just not as much as now.
Egypt, particularly the city of Alexandria was also a common choice for young women who went there ti work as house maids
Lenivec - lazy one (sloth)
You can always give in to the demands of the country that's blockading you.
" for Slovenian Redditors)
I have heard from some people (among other funny comparisons in impressions of Slovene) that Slovene sounds like a mixture between Russian and Portugese.
1 pes, 2 psa, 3 psi, 4 psi, 5+ psov
A normal family gathering is just close family members for something like Christmas or easter, gathered around the kitchen table, that's all
They are normally cheaper than regular food and mostly for workers who work close
As an outsider I like him a lot more than I like trump or boris johnson or kim jong un
I'm guessing this scenario applied to most newly formed states.
There are plenty of WW2 monuments to Istrian battalions all over Istria, I wouldn't say they didn't participate in any wars
r/AccidentalRenaissance
So you already have an actual precedent of that happening
They sign petitions show up at public grous law considerations and protest like crazy.
-Yes
Jesus, did you jinx Michael Robinson
Serbia has one of the largest civilian firearm ownership rates in the world
The mental gymnastics going on in your comment is amazing
In Hrastnik for example there is no more "šukri" burek available ...
Of course he was, but I think it's common knowledge that a huge chunk of Serbs live outside Serbia.
I like life here
I mean I'm sure 80+% of our population ate it at some point in their life
- druga moška sklanjatev (sluga, -e)
We have Nova Vas too
you are just mad because you country is albanian!
I'll also add that the previous US ambassador to Slovenia didn't do any favour to our views, low key trying to interfere with our politics.
Kosovo and Metohia is an integral part of Serbia.
Esspecially in europe it probably wouldn't go unnoticed but Hungary is also a member of NATO so I don't know who the NATO would side with
But now I see some schools start at 7:30, some at 7:50 which is crazy and some start at 8:20
And Reporter and Družina
Good point
It was also very tragic, she tried so hard and was still incomprehensible most of the time
Exactly my thoughts hahaha
Informal calls with family/friends I say “ja”? For unknown numbers I say “prosim” which can be translated to please (not really the most accurate translation as the context is important - means more like please, I am listening)
A majority of Slovenes are citizens of Slovenia, but a number of our people aren't.
No but the statement kinda stands.
What the fuck is up with the title?
Well excuse us for not coming up with new national stereotypes every week.
They have a lot of common points that are not nation-specific, such as anti-immigrant, sexual minorities, liberalism/left wing policies, women's rights, vague anti-EU sentiment, racism/xenophobia
BE with no exceptions if I remember correctly.
tist otok vidla veckrat kot sebe v ogledalu
Btw, I'm from Koper and the port is not a big attractor of new population (at least not from Slovenia xD), It keeps beeing a stable employer though
Yea, that's exactly what people in Maribor with a complex say
Russia's previous control had/has no bearing on the general consensus IMO
We're just very mixed culturally.
But other than that, as we say here in Slovenia, "Balkan" isn't a place, nor is it a thing
And obviously takes pride in being a Serb so why not oblige him.
" and now it's even worse with borders actually closed
We also use Janez Novak/Marija Novak because Janez and Marija are most common names and Novak is most common surname
I mean Austria put up checks on the Slovenian border and I personally that's a betrayal of the values of the EU
There is an official/standardized version of the language that most everyone can understand and speak
If done correctly, the massiveness of it can evoke a certain feeling of strength and sovereignty, perhaps even authority at times.
But it did crashed our economy for years to come, and we're still trying to get out of that mess
) and worldwide (Atlantic Charter, Casablanca, Tehran, Yalta, Potsdam
The Pacific Theater was barely mentioned
Very cold and dry is way better
It wasnt as innocent as some believe.
All I can find is that Cerknica lake is the biggest and primest example of a lake this kind
Probably you are right, yes
There aren't any volcanoes in Saudi Arabia.
If nobody is home the package is usually left on the doorstep
The town really sticks out in a bad way
First mention of Slovenia (as of land that belongs to Slovenia today) in Slovene dates back to 1578.
Only bears, no people
Yes, yes
Ajm gled det ol slavs somtajms urajt ingliš dis wej.
The more I learn about Finland, the weirder it gets
He was almost done with school, like 4th year or something, and he believed homosexuality is a disease
And of course, the onions and kissing exchange was always on the menu too
Lets keep that one to the sports halls and football fields :D
After some talk, they realized the bar was 4km away
My dude, that's really weird
Croatia for the beaches
Similar thing happened to me last year in Cervinia
We threw a towel over it
When I came to Slovakia, I could understand most of what was written or what the people were saying
They have almost the same rights as slaves had in the late years of slavery.
000 people living here at its peak and when the mines and industries closed soon after the fall of communism a lot of the factories were left abandoned one of the biggest ones being demolished not long ago
If you go by the extent of the differences, then you still have to keep the former Austria-Hungary together
We will all be able to travel for free across EU very soon :)
you mean Yugoslav borders (kraljeviča SHS).
Only saw one example of this one with black crosses on route 409 near Planina
Would the will of the European commission or the will of the European central bank sound better?
Especially white
I guess it depends on what you mean by settle down
Our kids program in the 90's was actually great.
And who pays for it
Certainly better than those container bathrooms, which can be flipped over at any moment
I'm amazed they even use *public* transport
And of course price of such food
Otherwise I could easily mistake them for almost any other European nationality
Never seen one
Slovak actually has more diacritics than Czech!
Wtf its been 5 years already ?
A 1% difference in Florida can mean the difference between winning and losing.
I just know that toys and anything kid-related can't be advertised.
The first wory of kosovo serbs should be making babies with other serbs.
Fairies, giants and weird children with super strength in southeast, goats with golden horns in the alps, a king that's gonna save us all when his beard grows long enough in his sleep in the north, another guy with super strength in central slovenia, dragons in our capital city...
There might be some who would not, but majority would say they are Serbian.
Did you just
I got a badge also, what does it mean
China China China China China China China, I love China.
5-0°C - light spring jacket
In Slovenia a single person gets around 300€.
I would expect ukpolitics to talk about brexit
Its not about refugee crisis but more about in Eu migration.
and students from Maribor who don’t know how and where to park
Maybe pothole-riddled roads result in people driving more carefully?
But that still doesn't make it allpowerful
When fibre came around, they jacked up the prices
How about a presidential candidate anouncing this?
TIL the tallest building in Europe is in Russia.
Those working night shifts get +
And if I had said that in public I would be beaten to a pulp on the very spot
But I know those who had some Italian TV channels watched Anime on them.
I live on the outskirts of a population 20000 town and there is visible light polution on the horizon, but I can easily see the Milky way if I only let my eyes adjust
I honestly don't know anyone like that.
I know that Styrian Austrians use words like klutsch (kljuc/key) and le (only) but lets not forget who was who's subject
Do forests typically have well marked trails?
Really felt I was from a less developed country at that point
Italy just can't get a break :/
Mostly countries that we were fully or partially part of
Sure, it would be fun knowing all their stories, but it's too much of a hassle to find them out.
I'd had to check, but I wouldn't be surprised if lack of vit.
I find it sort of amazing and sort of scary that a language with 2mio speakers can have such variety
Corona is not a threat, Janša is
Well we say 20 dek not deka but that is a minor minor difference.
Not going that well because are words and sentences in Slovene created on completely different way
The landowner has no legal right to stop you or fence of their wilderness.
I can't be the only one who read this as Kaisercunt
Have the protests accomplished anything
Putin and Trump should meet in Slovenia, Russian MP suggests
Computer degrees (at least here) aren't as useful as actually being good at coding
Or "učiteljica/učitl'ca" which means "teacher".
holy shit I was at Tegernsee last year in summer.
The rest of the Slavic languages range between maybe 15-25% understandable (Ukrainian, Polish, Bulgarian) to up to 50% understandable (Slovak, Czech, Macedonian, Russian)
Same here
One obvious reason is a big Muslim minority.
As a kid I didn't get my own room until I was 12, it was the same with most of our neighbours.
Around where I live they are mostly situated at road intersections.
Have a great day, Germans
I do know of a few people that went through adult adoption once they were 18.
We do have some interesting bits that could be mentioned somewhere
600 €
Serbo-Croatian is a South Slavic language, also.
In Slovenia there is only a special 5€ newyears' scratch ticket, and all win at least 2€. Unfortunately, the top prize is only 10
I just write Czech R. Shortened version makes me shiver
But you had to endure nine months of pregnancy and childbirth, which is the most painful thing known to humankind, and also life-threatening.
It's the Slav way
Mostly we have šnops
It would take way too many resources for that
Countries he cycled through aren't exactly known for their human rights records.
The music
I don't get the Toblerones joke :( What have I missed?
[Another set of photos] It damaged more than half of our forest.
I bet if only these conoanies exported more thy could be huge
We had them last time".
I don't understand who are new swedes?
I helped renovate 2 flats now and I vaguely hated it, also now I have to live with what we did
That's not the point I'm trying to make, but ok.
Pretty much yes
And sprosti in Slovene means relax
Heey I’ve heard that somewheeee
Pinocchio is already my favourite story
The guns of the first two guys in the photo partially overlap, and that gives the impression that the first guy's rifle is much longer than it actually is.
Nowadays they come like [this]
Slovenia, 15-20 years ago: Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, North America, Central America (mentioned as kind-of-but-not-really a continent), South America, Antarctic
well what people really mean by "are these french elections important" is "will marie le pen win and show the continuing trend of brexit and trump".
I had a guinea pig as a kid and I drove him around in a doll stroller.
people and **there** goverment have achieved
Oh damn yeah that is a bit more of a long shot haha
Alcholol even exceeds in "real damage" in my view.
During the winter that region is almost always coverd in snow
Not just in villages, but also in small towns
Everyone does it
We're very far away from a true separatist political movement
Celovec, Beljak & Gradec shall soon be liberated
If you go to a kebab(döner) place
It is when people put foreigners before their own.
Kua - krava - Kuh - cow
Die Hottentottenstottertrottelmutter hatte auch ein Haustier
Well Transylvania with the castles and forests is seen as a nice travel destination
Jeez, I expected Ireland to be more "modern" than that.
Even a lot of small shops opted to close, I think there is about 1 on every road leading to the city centre in Ljubljana now
I can somewhat understand all of those ...
It's just the amount of money you have to have varies.
the result are exactly what you’d expect: Poland, Hungary far ahead (or maybe behind is a better word)
Vatican for starting the wave of recognitions of our independence
Made mostly for schools but anyone can walk them.
I feel like I spent half the childhood in the Technical museum in Bistra
in europe AFAIK there's only one company that trades them, Amundi Funds of Luxembourg.
The EU divided into 28 countries with equal population [x-post from r/MapPorn]
We don't have any jokes about Jews, though.
Very safe as well - once we were approached by some drunk gopniks in the middle of the forest in the night, they wanted some beef at first but in the end we shook hands saying "Hello friend"! Awesome guys haha
For me it was Pink
> we remove Slovenia
Dolenjska&Štajerska - jokes about drunk people
Most of my friends and family know only that EU exists and that is it
It's been this way more or less since I've been alive
but they do not operate as attractors of new population
But I think we're also similar to Slovaks, Czechs and Poles in lots of ways, along with the rest of ex Yugoslavia.
Not well known to anyone but some locals
Ofc the process of joining is incredible strict and important.
Only an idiot would drive an automatic.
Wonna trigger turks and armenians
My mom knows it and they taught german insted of english I think
You could also ask in /r/italy, /r/italia, /r/rome or /r/roma if you were only interested in Italians answering your question.
We don't like it
Overall it works very well, but mine looks quite unattractive, so I can leave it anywhere without concern
Well yeah, but He was also His own father, but at the same time, He was not.
-Geographical Eastern Europe is harder to define, because it depends on which regions one uses (East/West, East/West/Central, East/West/Central/North/South, East/West/Central/North/South/Southeast/Southwest,...), and because there aren't any geographical markers to go by (like the Ural mountains for example)
Not sure where it comes from but probably 'gospoda' - nobility, city folk.
They're not practiced in schools.
Some tounge twisters is slovenian language:
That's because you're Slavs
We don't care where your great-great-grandparents came from.
Happy cakeday
He is taking notes on capitalism
Oh book assigments those were the worst I usualy just copied it from someone because I hated all the books
Thanks u/Big_Dirty_Piss_Boner
I don't think there's any Slovene from that area on here that could clarify this.
As sad as this picture is I have to point out the chairs
A bigger one to sit on and a smaller one to wipe sweat
Wall of text crits for 400 damage.
I asked a simple question and you replay with unrelated stuff
I'm enough of a cynical bastard that I find the whole Sucettes thing funny as hell, as well as Gainsbourg being in general amazingly scummy.
Thats just because it has the sea
Andrews but the water and beach there didn't look appealing
because 1/5 of Austrians were Slovene in past.
Same actually, I used to detest it
But at events you can expect to pay 1€ for a 0,5l botel
Prekmurska gibanica from the northeastern Slovenia
No, there was a referendum about making Russian an official language in Latvia,
povodni konj - water horse (hippopotamus)
So now we extradite our citizens to other EU members for crimes committed in EU
We need them gone
They mock and hate people who advocate for getting along
Well we have dual form which is pretty unique for languages in Europe
That is how every facsist regime started
Spawn is near Munchen, southern Germany
Newer been surprized by stupid foreighners so far.
I'd like to further research this
I just checked the rules and it seems like you need either winter tires or summer tires+chains.
but you need to take your shoes off to put those on...
Yeah, Slovenia and Croatia together already had a trifecta in less than a month
I do, especially for taking notes.
Carantania alone consisted of basically all of Styria and Carinthia plus East Tyrol, and southern parts of Lower and Upper Austria
In fact, they (SDS party) even unofficially run their own TV station (Nova24)
This is obviously because Germans intentionally infected the ticks to weaken the partisan resistance during WWII
We had the right processor architecture (ARM was British at the time)
My father is bosnian and my mother slovene
The Slovenian no-bullshit approach to racial equality
Džon mejd his vej tu a tavern tru di dark forest, onli tu fajnd aut det hi forgot di mani
psa lajata (2 dogs are barking)
If we do not support democracy, fascism wins.
so the more well-read you are, more you'll enjoy him
I mean yeah it's southern regions are pretty far down but still
But the HRE did extend beyond the Alps and a bit into the Balkans
The shelters are so sad
No its actually this false sense of intelligence and customs that encourages us to shit on our country.
Thought you meant a modern family with Croatian roots.
I will debunk your argument with a map tomorrow.
Yes but we are pretending to not be Balkan so we can't really take over the coast the old-fashioned way.
You wouldn't like it here then, haha.
Apparently, like me, he also found it more practical :(
But hey, I am not in the millionaire circles
Kosovo is an independent state.
It's a holiday in preparation for pust (slavic carneval) which celebrates the end of winter and the coming of spring
In my part of Slovenia(Northern Slovenia next to Austrian border) Germans are percieved as positive people
Putin would be proud
Black human fish (Proteus anguinus parkelj; parkelj = krampus) is only found in Slovenia.
They must be German
Maybe I missed something, care to enlighten me?
Around 20min by car and 1h by bus
I think the height of it was a couple of years ago with a bunch of dank memes on instagram
Especially since it was a very wet winter.
Natreniran sn v gorilskem vojskovanji in sn najboljši snajper v Slovenski vojski
> obsession with betting shops
In prtactice their territories corresponded with our language area, but those were not meant to be national divisions
1 TV SLO is from RTV Slovenija and its a national TV
Short beards are quite common but long beards like I have (cca 50cm) are rare
Not sure what was the reason this time, but heated fist debates are frequent in Ukraine parliament
I actually hate the sport but really cringe when it's not called FOOTBALL
Torej če slovenci unovčijo od boga dano pravico ,da si povrnemo zemljo ki so nam jo ukradli, bi postal IZDAJALEC?
Seems to me like a clear majority
not technically European though
I had road and traffic regulations class in Šiška and most of the class were Šiška kids and didn't speak Slovene.
How about the funding of Nazis and allowing them the use of your railroads?
h/k - to
Slovio is na international language which is understood by 400 million people all over the world, ...
Whoever claims otherwise has an agenda or is ignorant
We also have dumplings made from semolina (zdrob or "gres") which we put in the soup
I paid around 63€, same dorm now is 68€. You usually get a 2 person room, if you want a one person room you have to ask and pay a bit more
Brown bear, wolves, lynx, boar, deer, hare, beaver, doormouse, jackal, fox, wildcat, otter, stoat, weasel, polecat, ibex, chamois, hedgehogs, frogs, dolphins etc...
I once saw a black guy in Piran.
Sorry about that guys but [here] is higher resolution.
'We' started to exist somewhere in the 5th-6th century AD, when 'we' came to our current territory.
I feel like I need to do some googling
Anyway, it is a high school you go to after primary school at 14-18 years of age and gives its students a general education
It is really much more expensive than in my country (around 2 million people)
God of summer, sun, fire, sky, thunder* and lightning, God of fertility and ruler of a World's mountain.
Carthage just relations with Rome
Matter of fact I'd be happy if EU and Russia were equal partners.
I heard discussions about "Brexit", but nothing about "Hrexit" - was that one already consumed?
They had the biggest market share
Ah, but if they started talking about politicians everybody would just shrug and say "Well they are lying thieves, what's else on the menu?"
I remember us doing pancakes
Well getting to you means parking boats in either Italy or us or doing a roadtrip through Romania and Hungary or Germany.
If it's irrelevant then why are you getting all worked up over it
Both are bad in excessive quantities.
Andrews tourist hostel in, well St
Like we say it is half seven (like in German, it means at 6
I bet /u/executivemonkey wants one now.
lol…as u can see im very globalist!!!!
The entirety of the TV station "Nova 24 TV"
I do find the casual racism and bigotry towards them very alarming, but it's a problem that requires both sides to want to fix it.
There is no sudden great aceleratuon you get in even the weekest of manual cars when driven correctly.
As far as I know it's "no" to all 4.
Particularly if I go looking for some plant or animal that I don't know the English word for, I start with Slovene article, and more times than not I don't even need to click to English version to get the info
About equally as popular as abroad I would say.
Tina Maze
Their public job is a lot of times used just to get clients for their private clinic
I feel like I can talk only for "my" group
Seems like Ursus arctos arctos is more friendly than the ursus arctos horriblis you have in the States.
But because my parents barely speak any English, I sometimes spoke English with my friends(even tho they were Slovene) hehe
Same with Queen Elizabeth, and Prince Charles
Be ready to be enlightened about how the protestors were actually evil fascists and how the communists actually protected the worker rights by attacking the workers
god fucking damnit"
I'd add Švabi for Austrians/Germans and Lahi for Italians, though these are a bit older
I got bureaucratic thing done in a day that would take weeks at home
Thats Englosh royalist propaganda.
We simply wall of 🇬🇷 m7grants wouldnt come flose to the 🇪🇺.
Not that I don't believe you, I genuinely wish to see the data
I think its very hot when its 27°C, my ideal temperature is 15°C
Later on they continued towards Spain.
There are not so much Slovenian tho
He just shitposts a lot taking Serbia's side in balkan flamewars or saying on r/Slovenia that the seccession was illegal, etc.
I'm proud of the people I know personally, and the stuff I do myself I appreciate a lot of culture but I don't see why I get to be proud of it just because I was born in the same space.
oops, autotranslate broke
Some things should be kept within its normal time frame - regardles of how much somebody pays
Unless I'm mistaken, they can be stripped of their vote, and then essentially anything can be decided, even a treaty change which allows for states to be expelled, but I don't think expulsion is an option already
It is not general, certainly
My length of beard is so rare that I have been stoped on the street and asked if they can take a photo multiple times already
All the people went to italy or austria to buy clothes or some material, because you couldnt get it here
And most of them are just satirical and making fun of people who say it geniuenly lol Hrvat je brat
I hate to say it, but studying something like East Asian studies is like shooting yourself in the foot
They have been de facto independant since '91
Well, Italy and Brazil would be superpowers for one ...
I don't think I own anything I could sell for over €100 (as it's used) to be honest.
For more & to discus go to r/Yugoslavia.
well...In modern times 90' onward it would be
I find your fears about losing your "culture" bizzarre, if it's so weak that such a small minority can threaten it than it might not be worthy of survival at all.
Trump will put Slovenia on da map.
That's breathtaking
I do the same, but I make it a bit more interesting for me by telling myself that I'm playing "god" and affecting their evolution with this
He might put you on a do-not-travel-list for some reason or another.
The only thing that sunk Trump was his Covid response and even that just barely
You have to renew your passport every year
In otger words, waste resources on criticizing wastefulness.
Remember the war games where the US invades Iran
It wasn't a very memorable trip
I'd say the 3rd one
Probably you are right, yes
[Nanana]
The bike does not have any gears and it is a bit rusty which is a good thief repellent
In that case
General interest in languages & linguistics, living in Europe and needing to communicate with other nations, speaking a language with only 2 million speakers ...
The first "you" in your post could be understood that way, but the latter three couldn't.
How police and criminal organizations work
Find the rare people wishing to help you, evade NKVD and break through fortified borders.
Some good, some bad, most are inbetween.
Ah, sorry I missinterpreted your comment
But you haven't Anschluss'd them yet.
I am in physical and emotional pain
In primary school we had only a place to leave your coat an shoes and that was it
Resident cards are just for non-EU citizens.
Hey there Croatia
Love this
This is great
Oh man this would help so much...
[It
1) Robert Surcouf, a famous French corsair, talking with a British officer after capturing his ship, the Kent:
Not my point, You eluded to moralety.
I've visited: Spain, France, Italy, Slovenia, Croatia, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic/Czechia, Poland, Germany, Austria, UK.
Really, I would compare the quotas to trying to pour out the water from the Titanic with a bucket.
None
Big world religions - Judaism, Christianity (Catholicism, Protestantism, Orthodox Christianity), Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, new religious movements, non-religious forms of worldview
I take your point and I agree
And even then, let's not forget that new EU elections are just around the corner, so if you're worried about it, just don't vote for MEPs and parties that supported it
The Slovene Wikipedia is depressingly barren, being inferior to the English one in almost all articles except for: Slovene places, various Slovene companies and some historical Slovene personalities
It was not the Delian League that won the Peloponnesian War, but the Peloponnesian League, with support from the Persians
It's so beautiful there
Could be, yes
Singapore for supplying rifles to us, even is ammunition caused lots of horrible deaths on Yugoslav side
Which measured and weighted the same as Barron did when he was born.
I tried it to learn German and and the beginning it was fun and I learned some basic vocabulary but then it just kept repeating so it got boring and I didn't see I would be learning more
Bosnia not breaking apart at 00:01
why would Serbia need to agree that Kosovo should go to Albania?
We pay for IPTV over an optical cable to our door.
He is a shitty rapper with even more shitty message...
Fascinating
And the idea that someone would bother to even keep a tank gun pointed at some random car for 20km at snails pace is idiotic
When are you moving out Britania, we broke up erm...
So how could they learn
I was advised by some Russian friends to not necessarily pick SPB as a trip destination because of potential neonazi love for blacks
If you have such an old and powerful institution it will of course have a lot of dirt
Never noticed it before
There's still patches of snow on the ground though.
I'm talking only about center of Belgrade
Generally it is much easier to understand languages from the same (south, east, or west Slavic) branch, than those from outside it.
The rise of the extreme right and the passive left majority.
In clubs, partying, women would come up to you and start a conversation
I like Valuk
Most people that immigrate here have no education at all.
Yes, but Trst is certainly bigger
It's one of the most common baby foods all over Slovenia
Maybe a few
We learn the quadrille dance as well
Some people in some regions also still eat [edible dormouse stew] which is a dish from Roman times
[This] is a spring 2016 basic level final exam for gymnasiums.
He sure looks like a ciganovič in that photo :/ edit: whoops.
It's just a phonological feature.
> Laško
On the other hand, I've yet to meet someone who considers executions and expulsions of Italians and Germans from what's modern day Slovenia a "horrible atrocity". It's usually met with a shrug, which I really can't blame anyone for
and then they curse YOU for not understanding them.
“Burek”, it’s not Slovene in origin but here you’ll find it everywhere in the major cities, it’s essentially fried flaky dough with fillings such as meat and the like
a few soccer mums on a forum aren't "people".
Can you even run with poor lungs?
Must be portuguese
Also very common: *vredu* - meaning *good*, even though I know the right way to write it is *v redu* it would feel odd to do so in nonformal texts
The rule of law does that
And how is the President chosen
That picture at the end reminded me of the issues I have with Dutch number plates.
Yes
[From the thread in /r/MapPorn where I first found this map.]
v tri deljeno s pet)
I don't know whether that theory is a thing
Poppi F
Still ugly imo
Potential Anschluss jokes aside
edit: oh, you're talking about classical liberalism?
It's probably worth something
Our word for 'thank you' (hvala) rhymes with 'rolling' (val'a), so if, god forbid, we forget to say thanks, our mums might retort with "What is under the table rolling
From where you
Carnival time in the oldest Slovenian town.
Just like they did Poland in 1945
No, they were both a product of your protectionist neoliberal practices and the indoctrination of the working class.
Everything up until "sto volkov" (a hundred wolves) is simply volkov (no "i" at the end), and then the pattern repeats with "sto in en volk" (a hundred and one wolf), "sto in dva volkova" (a hundred and two wolves) and so on
Im in Sarajevo as well and there was no shaking
Das war eine Beutelratte
CH and Norway aren't. I don't know enough about the exact deal Greenland has
As soon as you came close he'd put his arm aroud you.
The only place I saw a few people swimming in was in St
In Slovenia, it is considered on the lower end in terms of quality
Brings back memories of the phoon fragmovie.
I feel that part
Geography mostly
We can't sing but we do it [anyways]
12 apostols of Jezus simbolize unity
IDK in my circles of friends only one is religious and over all I feel that religion is a thing from the past at least in younger generations.
In some years there was also a Super-Loto on January 1, with a top prize of 1 million (odds of winning are as in our regular loto: 1 in 15 million)
Surprised that they managed to stay afloat even when most of the giant companies collapsed.
Finns are similar to Danes, who are similar to Germans, who are similar to Austrians, who are similar to Slovenians, who are similar to Croatians, who are similar to Serbians etc
They aren't, but they don't have dark brown hair (as is typical for Southern European people) either.
They have the right to 3 seats in each city council, they have one MP in the national parliament
Idk where you live if you think abortions in women 30+ are lack of education in 2017.
But they would of course slap you with astronomic fees for that much luggage.
That's a correct map of the Balkans, finally
Really sad that people can't move on from the war.
That is probably Slovenia
I was a weird kid
Newer models of Mazda come in this colour.
Dutch- just cuz it’s kinda cool
are we watching the same video?
> Its the same with the Balkans that may or may not include Slovenia, Greece and Romania
It is a political divide
Even making small changes to school systems is expensive.
2 out of 8 fuckers in my country voted for, we'll make sure they're out of the job ASAP
Autumn - On the foggy side of the Alps.
Fuck Jörg and fuck his FPÖ party
We have: "Iti po gobe" meaning: "to go get mushrooms". And the other one is:"Iti rakom zvizgat" which means: "to go whistle to crabs".
I don't know, you don't really hear about the Slovene minority in the neighbouring country (or Slovenes around the world) that much.
People working in our supermarkets have no clue about cheese.
I don't think you can say those words without it.
So which nation do they belong to
The poeple who are part of the minority mostly speak fluent slovene too
The young woman (wearing a nice adidas tracksuit) seems to be doing it for attention purposes.
Interesting choice from the same poster, I would understand Gotovina and Pavelic, or Tito and Gotovina but not all three on the same time
There is an urban myth that this verse in translation was graffitied onto the building of my high school for some years before I attended
When Trump was elected it started to look less of an aberration than actual representation of values of big segment of US voters
The current European Parliament suits me.
The appartment above me has 3-10 roma people living in it (no one actually knows how many)
I need light so I can wake up for work
I'm positive it doesn't make a difference in China if you speak Polish, Finnish or SCB.
E-nain-dvaj-set, dva-in-dvaj-set, tri-in-dvaj-set ...
Romans were forming such treaties all the time with all sorts of tribes.
48 per 100
Labeling it differently won't bring food quality up.
But it hasn't been demolished yet, probably because of its historic importance
They do it every year this time.
Poor Joseph
They seem quite sensitive
Our programs have different amounts of free spaces for students to apply to each year.
Jews are virtually non exsistent here so it's hard to judge.
Afterwards he asks the real estate agent, if he could arrange for 5 local guys to come repaint it.
'Missing kids' doesn't mean they were all abducted.
We're barely even aware of it ourselves, I'd guess most don't know about it, and I wonder if anyone still speaks it
I don't know much about that region at all
But it'd be odd if you had a job and didn't help with expenses, like paying some bills and buying food
What do you mean, Iceland played no part in Cold War?
I would like to thank our neighbouring countries for having an IKEA
>But I don't think eastern European is an insult
there’s a great article from Francis Fukuyama on identity politics on the left, but I think the logic applies to the political right as well
Tehnicaly he wanst planing to break the trety, bust since if Barbarosa hadent happened Hitler would have probably won ww2, Stalin would have broken the pact atacking the exausted loser of WW2
But the one time where they could've generalized, they didn't.
While the example you provided is one in a very few I have actually seen and don't really know why that is in practice?
I had a few e-pals from the Philippines.
We all know on reddit we are all goody 2 shoes who would like common wealth to everybody BUT if you were SOMEHOW the 2nd man in the office with an offer of 100
Best of the best only for us, you damn Huns!
I mostly bike, even through winter.
I wouldn't say "better" , I would say less harsh.
In Slovenia we mostly have UK or Scandinavian films
State religions **in Europe** mean essentially nothing.
Are you a failed artist by any chance
If you wanted a secure, well-paying, high education job you shouldn't have picked something like that
" (kaj se pod mizo vala
One is adjacent to a church anyway and they often put up some motivational quote instead of an actual religious message (it currently reads 'If something is important, you will find a way -  if it is not, you will find an excuse
Also, new undergound garages were and will be build near city center
It must be said, though, that excessive noise on our trains is only a problem during peak hours, other than that people usually keep to themselves
No numbers or special characters, must use Slovene alphabet + xywq
I've heard Frisian is somewhat intelligible with Old English
Well, my region in Slovenia (Zasavje) is sometimes reffered to by our favorite (and only current slovenian swear-word), mat kurba.
They've concluded that this referendum was more tied with getting rid Renzi that actual reforms itself.
Dialects from vicinity of Idrija come to mind
:D And if that's true, I'll be asocial for the rest of my life.
Yes please, I'd like to actually be able to cross the border in summer in a reasonable timeframe.
Go deeper
You gather enough international supporters and that's it!
We do have Hungarian, Italian and Roma minorities as well (excluding recent, ie
15+°C - t-shirt
In Slovenia religious weddings hold no legal power.
For a high quality honey water content has to be less than 18.6%.
One self performed liposuction
In a student home but I would never call that a home or moving away from parents
ill mention the most obvious one : TITO
Only one year though
Would anyone even accept such a concept?
Also I recently talked to an exchange student from Hungary about our student dorm situation and she was shocked that our dorms were mixed
Interasting
So yeah
There is hundreds of  buildings like that here that just lay there forgotten
We don't have stray dogs but there are stray cats
Eurospin can fuck off
I personally don't miss the tolars, though I think they looked really nice:
Ne vem, a niste imeli Etike in družbe v šoli, kjer ste se učili pojme kot so nacionalnost, državljanstvo, narod in podobno
Where does Montenegrin wife hide money from drunken husband - under the shovel
TIL the colours of German and Belgian flags actually aren't in the same order
That's like in standard Slovene, then, where we also pronounce the last L as U in verbs.
It's also why I chose the year 1969
Acually A doesen't keep growing (if A is immigrant numbers), there were a few studies, I'll try to find em tomorrow (quite late here), that showed that the birth rate of immigrants coming from (I think it was from the middle east) droped from 2.5 to 2.1 in 3-5 years.
It's quite understandible, don't you think?
It's good you became involved and stayed to help after
Yugoslavia went from brotherhood and unity to genocide in 40 years, just because the propaganda machine changed
Well, as far as I know, we were always considered to be provincial
I worked in various camps from October till end of April when they shut them down.
That gives you major points Malta.
I dislike liberalism in general.
5 billion people in the world live worse then in germany.
You haven't specified the exact model, but the cheapest HP laptop with i3-7100U I was able to find was €560.
Yea, this should be under rules.
I've been told that the combination of Tuđman's policies and Thompson's centre-right songs allegedly made most people hate the left.
My grandma LOVES to tell that joke to everybody new she meets
Rivers and seas and finally the stars of [Counts of Celje]#/media/File:Counts_of_Celje_coat_of_arms_\(1-4\).svg) were added later (not sure when).
Even now that they dont have your 17th state
Cost of living depends where you live
And if nothing else, Bosnian and Albanian names and surnames stand out.
Misliš, da mi lahko govoriš to sranje preko interneta, brez posledic?
We have been wanting independency for a long time but only in 1991 did we actually achieve it
Ti nisi zame nič drugega kot pa samo še ena tarča.
More as a tourist attraction than serious food
United in diversity is a utopia
If you decide to re-visit and want some more tips on what to go see, also, feel free to ping me, I'm always happy to give people some tips :)
Imagine how liberating it must feel to have a pearly pebble rolling around your skull, never doubting your reptilian instincts for a microsecond
That's the worst kind of weather.
The US can have 11 carriers and the 2 largest airforces on the planet
We're a hilly and mountanous country with a diverse landscape, have neigbouring countries belonging to 4 different language groups and we were under a rule of many different countries/empires/whatever, so same as with dialects and accents, customs didn't travel much.
Well there is lots of Brazil (rightful Portugal clay).
Yesterday morning I saw 4 when I went to work
Money is needed to keep your supporters loyal - if you make deals with those organizations you have it
Are there any official statistics?
Even some municipalities would want to be independent.
" (not devil but friend will be neighbour)
Migrants are good for the economy, culture and basically everything.
I don't think there's a more paranoid nation than us.
It looks a bit sad, like they haven't managed to create a social circle there and their only source of joy now is putting people down over their choices in life
Rudolf Maister
When o'er earth's habitations,
But I have a windowsphone and it uses bing by default which I dislike!
And the Catalan parties just wanted some attention, not actual independence
Jelois of our superious food colture?
I also know a few people from Egypt, but I feel the country much less familliar, If I think beyond my childhood infatuation with ancient Egyptian monuments
Libertarian can mean the opposite of Authoritarian, and that meaning of the word is widely accepted.
And this data doesn't seem to corroborate the posted map ( [see my other comment] )
Are you on strike again?^:P^🐍^/s
The problem is not chlorine itself, that gets washed out before you eat it
but if you pass onward to another country you are by definition a migrant.
for individuals who are for any reason unwilling or uncapable of reflection and critical thinking, and perhaps unsatisfied with their own place in society, this mix of circumstances makes them very susceptible to ideologies such as nationalism, racism etc
I've seen a lot of stuff he did so far but this one [wins] the day.
> Governments whose core base of voters are fanatic pensioners who rise in 7 AM to vote while healthy young people sleep until noon, wake up and see that it's a bit rainy today, and decide not to vote
Sometimes hospitals have blood donation days.
ex: danes me nebo (i wont be back today)
Obama doesn't have much time left and if wants to prove anything then he will do it because I doubt Trump will.
Aren't most if not all Croatian daily newspapers absolute shite?
Good for you, I have like 20°C rn and it's also raining
in - and
Kinda looks like something out of Half Life 2
We don't have many large native restaurant chains.
True, but we still rank really high
Brilliant
I myself would kill for some of the more or less exotic monofloral honeys from the USA.
I'm supposed to be working
